S80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
*>f it. I am speaking what I believe to be for the
food of ray country. If I am speaking treason,
am speaking it in my place in the Senate. By
Whose indulgence am I speaking? Not by any
kian's indulgence. I am speaking by the guar-
antees of that Constitution which seems to be
liere now so little respected. And, sir, when lie
asked what would have been done with a Roman
eenator who had uttered such words, a certain
Senator on this floor, whose courage has much
^ risen of late, replies in audible tones, " he would
' have been hurled from the Tarpeian rock." Sir,
if ever we find an American Tarpeian rock, and
a suitable victim "is to be selected, the people will
turn, not to me, but to that Senator who, accord-
ing to the measure of his intellect and his heart,
has been the chicf author of the public misfor-
tunes. He, and men like him, have brought the
country to its present condition. Let htm remem-
ber, too, sir, that while in ancient Rome the de-
fenders of the public liberty were sometimes torn
to pieces by the people, yet their memories were
cherished m grateful remembrance; while to be
hurled from the Tarpeian rock was ever the fate
of usurpers and tyrants. I reply with the just
indignation I ought to feci at such an insult offered
on the floor of the Senate Chamber to a Senator
who is speaking in his place.
Mr. President, I shall not longer detain the
Senate. My opinions are my own. They are
honestly entertained. 1 do not believe that I have
uttered oneopinion here, in regard to this contest,
that does not reflect the judgment of the people I
have the honor to represent. If they do, I shall
find my reward in the fearless utterance of their
optnions, if they do not, I am not a man to clirfg
to the forms of office and to the emoluments of
public life against my convictions and my prin-
ciples; and I repeat what I uttered the other day,
that if indeed the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
instead of attempting to mediate in this unfortu-
nate struggle, shall throw h'er energies into the
strife, and approve the conduct and sustain the
policy of the Federal Administration in what I
"believe to be a war of subjugation, and which is
; being proved every day to be a war of subjuga-
' (ion and annihilation, she may take her course.
1 urn her son, and will share her destiny, but she
will be represented by some other man on the
floor of this Senate.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I rose a few
minutes ago to endeavor to demonstrate !o the
honorable Senator from Kentucky that all these
imaginations of his as to the unconstitutional char-
acter of the provisions of this bill wero baseless
and idle. I think every member of the Senate
muaLbe convinced, from the manner of his leply,
that that conviction is beginning to get into his
own inind; and 1 shall therefore leave him to settle
the account with the people of Kentucky, about
which he seems to have some predictions, which,
I trust, with great personal respect to him, may,
different from his usual predictions, become propn-
ccy after the fust Monday of August next.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in the boat
and excitement of this debate, there are one or
two ideas that ought not to be lost sightof. The
Senator from Kentucky seems to forget, while he
speaks of the delegated powers of this Government
under the Constitution, that one of the powers
which is delegated is that we shall guaranty to
every State of this Union a republican form of
government; that when South Carolina seeks to
set up a military despotism, the constitutional
power with which we are clothed and the duty
which is enjoined upon us is to guaranty to
South Carolina a republican form of government.
There is another idea that seems to be lost sight
of in the talk about subjugation, and i hope that
my fiiends on this side of the Chamber will not
also lose sight of it in the excitement of the tie-
bate. 1 undertake to say that it is not the pur-
pose of this war, or of this Administration, to
subjugate any State of the Union, or the people
of any State of the Union. What is the policy?
It is, as 1 said the other day, to enable the loyal
people of the sevetal States of this Union to ie-
construct themselves upon the Constitution of
the United States, Virginia has led the way;
Virgnna, in her .sovereign capacity, by the assem-
bled loyal people of that State in convention, has
oigamzrd herself upon tiv Constitution of the
United ♦Slates, and they have taken into their
own huudb thegovernmentof that State. Vnginia
has her judges, her marshals, her publicofficers;
and to the courts of Virginia, and to the mar-
shals and executive officers of Virginia we can
intrust the enforcement of the laws the moment
that the state of civil war shall have ceased in the
eastern or any other portion of the State. It is
not therefore the purpose of this Government to
subjugate the people of Virginia, or of any other
State, and subject them to the control of our
armies. It is simply that we will rally to the
support of the loyal people of Virginia and of
Tennessee and of North Carolina and of Texas,
ay, and of the Gulf States too when they are pre-
pared for it; we will rally to the support of the
loyal people of these States and enable them to
take their government into their own bands, by
wresting it out of the bands of those military
usurpers who now hold it, for they are nothing
more and nothing less. That is all that is in-
volved m this contest, and 1 hope on this side of
the Chamber we shall never again hear one of
our friends talking about subjugating either a
State or the people of any State of this Union,
but that we shall go on aiding them to do just
precisely what the loyal people of Virginia are
doing, what the loyal" people of Tcnness'ee are
preparing to do, what the loyal people of North
Carolina stand ready to do, and what the loyal
people in Georgia and Alabama and Louisiana,
and last perhaps of all, the loyal people of South
Carolina will do in reconstructing themselves
upon the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. President, I have heard the Senator from
Kentucky to-day, and I have heaid it again and-
again, denounce the President of the United States
for the usurpation of unconstitutional power. I
undertake to say that without any foundation he
makes such a charge of usurpation of unconsti-
tutional power, unless it be in a mere matter of
form. lie has not, in substance; and the case I
put to the Senator the other day, he has not an-
swered, and I defy him to answer. I undertake
to say, that, as there are fifty thousand men, per-
haps, in arms against the United States in Vir-
ginia, within thnty miles of this capital, I, as an
individual, though I am not President, though I
am clothed with no official authority, may ask
nne hundred thousand of my fellow men to vol-
unteer to go with me, with arms in our hands, to
take everyone of them,and if it be necessary,to
take their lives. Why do not some of these gen-
tlemen who talk about usurpation and trampling
the Constitution under foot, stand up here and
answer that posit ion, or forever shut their mouths?
I, as an individual, can do all this, though I am
not President, and am clothed with no legal au-
thority whatever, simply because I am a loyal
citizen of the United States?. I have a right to ask
one hundred thousand men to volunteer to go with
me and capture the whole of the rebels, and if it
be necessary to then* capture, to kill half of them
while I am doing it. .No man can deny the cor-
rectness of the proposition. Away then, with ail
this stuff, and this splitting of hairs and pettifog-
ging here, when we are whlnn the very sound of
the guns of these tiaitors and rebels, who threaten
to march upon the capital and subjugate the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. President, there is some contrariety of
opinion as to the propriety of acting upon the bill
pending before the Senate to-day,or as to whether
we shall defer action upon it until the next ses-
sion of Congress. Many of our friends deem it
advisable that it should be postponed until then;
some of them think it should be acted on now.
For myself, I believe, as was maintained by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, that where civfl
war actually exists, where men are actually in
arms, in combat, of necessity the laws of war
must go with them, and the laws of war are un-
written laws. At the same time, I agree with the
honorable Senator from Illinois, that the Consti-
tution of the United States clothes Congress with
the power to make rules and regulations respect-
ing the armies of the United States, and that we
may extend or we may limit the ordinary rules of
war. But, sir, as has been suggested, it is a very
important question to what extent they should be
limited. Whether it should be done now or at
the next session of Congress is not, in my judg-
ment, so very material; but as many of my friends
around me are disposed to allow it to pass over
i until the next session, when the whole subject can
! be considered and may be matured, I shall join
with them in support of that motion, and shall
vote for the postponement of the bill; not for the
reasons that have been stated by the Senator from
Kentucky in denouncing the measure, but because
by that time this whole subject may be consid-
ered, and whatever rules may be necessary to be
►adopted in those districts where the civil war is
to be carried on, can be adopted at that time. In
the mean time, it is true that where war in fact
shall exist, of necessity these rules will depend
upon the Commander-in-Chief.
Th^PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Amnion*
in the chair.) The motion is to postpone this bill
until the second Monday in December next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Bayard, Breckinuds?e, Bright, Collatner,
Cowan, Doolittle, Harris, Howe, Johnson of Missouri, Ken-
nedy, Latham, Folk, PoweJl, Rice, SauLbury, anil Thom-
son—16
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Browning,
Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Fiixon, Fe?sonden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Ilaiian, Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Lane
ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc Donga!), Mori ill, Sherman,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiiunbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, Wihuot,
ami Wilson—2S.
So the Senate refused to postpone the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] to strike out
the eighth section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee has intimated that per-
haps the bill is imperfect; and as some objections
have been made to its details, I ask if it be not
better to recommit the bill. I should like to
know if he has any objection to that course.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' I think there is no object
in that. We hud it before us in the Judiciary
Committee once; and to recommit it now amounts
to a postponement of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the eighth section of the sub-
stitute.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The whole bill, so far
as it applies to the States that are now in the
Union, is so abhorrent to me that I shall decline
to vote on any question of striking out. As far
as it appli&s to the seceded States, ( have nothing
to do with it. I do not belong to them, never
expect to belong to them, never expect to follow
their flag, or live under their government; but if
this bill passes, it makes a slave of me and every
other freeman. Its provisions are so abhorrent
to me that I shall not vote for any of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Severed Senators. Finish this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. We cannot.
Mr. TIIUMRULL. Let us vole.
Mr. SUMNER. There are others who wish
to speak, and we must attend to executive busi-
ness. I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before putting
the question on the motion that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideiation of executive business,
the Chair desires to lay before the Senate some
bills from the House of Representatives, for the
purpose of having them referred to the appropri-
ate committees. [" Agreed !"]
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (-Not*??) authouzing additional enlist-
merits,in t-kc Navy of the United States—to the
Comrrmtee on Naval Affairs.
A*bill (No. 96) making further appropriations
forthe support of the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1862, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 98) making an appropriation for
field fortifications for the defenses of the city of
Washington, and elsewhere—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 99) making appropriation to pay
the expenses of the investigating committees of
the House of Representatives and Senate, ap-
pointed the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and of the commission authorized to
examine and report as to the compensation of all
officers of the Government—to the Committee on
Finance.
