1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SB
"An act further to provide for the collection of
duties on imports, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 13, 1861.
HON. ALFRED ELY.
Mr. FENTON*. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to offer the following res-
olution.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business; and shall object to everything out of
order.
Mr. FENTON. I am sure that if the gentle-
man will read the resolution, ho will not object.
Mr. BURNETT. I must insist on my objec-
tion.
Mr. Femton's resolution is as follows:
Whereas if is currently reported that the forefts now in
rebellion against the Government have in imprisonment
Joyal citizens of the United States,and among others Hon.
Alfred Ely, one of the membeis of this House fiom the
State of New York:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish to
tlii  House any infoimatiou he may have in his possession
on the subject.
ENLISTMENTS FOR THE NAYY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back House bill No. 87,
authorizing additional enlistments in the Navy of
the United States, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making- an appropri-
ation for field fortifications for the defenses of the
city of Washington and elsewhere; which was
read a first and second time by its title, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
The bill appropriates ^200,000 for the purposes
stated in the title of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee,also
reported a bill making an appropriation to pay
the expenses of the investigating committees of
the House of Representatives and the Senate, ap-
pointed at the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and the commission authorized to ex-
amine and report as to the compensation of the
officers of the Government; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
The bill appropriates §10,000 for the purpose
indicated by its title.
Mr. BURNETT. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question—I might object to
the bill being now considered in the House, as it
makes an appropriation, but I will not do so—
will the $10,000 appropriated cover the expenses
of the committees we have authorized?
Mr. STEVENS. That is the amount they
have themselves estimated. I am always afraid
that there will be some deficiency in these things.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the fact that at the last session we ap-
propriated, in three distinct bills, money for the
expenses of special committees. I doubt myself
very much the propriety, if I may be permitted
to say it, of authorizing the raising of these spe-
cial committers. I think that the regular commit-
tees of the House can discharge all these duties.
In niy judgment, thisthmgof special committees,
with power to send for persons and papers, to
employ clerks, and to sit during the recess, is a
great abuse of the legislation of this House.
Mr. STEVENS. That may be. I sometimes
agree with the gentleman; but the House has
already-Viecided the main question.
Mr. BURNETT. I know that.
Mr. STEVENS. This is the lowest gum which
the Committee of Ways and Means could report.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time,..and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL LOAN.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 submit the following report from a com-
mittee of conference.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee ofconfeience on the disagreeing votes of
the two House*, on the amendment of the Senate to the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No. 41) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to -luthouze a national
loan, and foi other purpose?,'" having met and considered
the same, after iuli and fiee conference thereon have agieed
to recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's amendment, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendment:
"Add the following:
"Sto.6. *flnd be itfuither enacted, Thatthepiovisionsof
the act entitled 'An act to provide for the better organiza-
tion o&the Treasury, and fot the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and dubui&emcnt of the public revenue,5 jJiffised
August 6,1846, be, and the same are hereby, suspended,so
far as to allow the Secretary of theTicasury to depositany
of the moneys obtained on any of the loans now authorized
by law, to the ciedtt of the Trea^uierof the United States,
m such.solvent specie-paying bank*; as he may select; and
the said moneys so deposited may be withdiawn horn such
deposit for deposit wuh the regular authorized depositaries,
or for the payment of public dues, or paid in ledemption of
the notes authorized to be hsued under tins act, or the act
to which this is supplementary, payable on demand, as ma>
seem expedient to, or be directed by, the Secietary of the
Treasuiy.
" Sfc. 7. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tieasuiy may sell or negotiate for any poition of the
loan provided fur m the act to which this is supplementary,
bonds payable not more than nventv years from date, and
bearing interest not exceeding six per centum per annum,
payable semi-annually, at any late not less than the equiv-
alent of par for the bonds bearing seven per cent, interest,
authorized by said act."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
DANIEL CLAIUv,
.T. A. McDOUGALL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TllADDKUf* STEVENS,
E. G. SPAULDING,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the nine per
cent, interest authorized by a former act is changed
to a six per cent, interest. It now stands at six
per cent.
The next thing is a partial modification of what
is called the sub-Treasury act. The Secretary of
theTrcasury is authorized, in making these loans,
not instantly to transfer the loans made by the
local institutionsin gold to the sub-Treasury, but
at his discretion to allow them to remain there
until withdrawn by the Treasurer of the United
States himself. It is stated by competent men,
that these loans cannot be possibly collected if,
on the instant, the whole coin of a loan be trans-
ferred from the local institutions to the Treasury.
And if left on deposit in the sub-Treasury until the
Government needs it, and drawn out as the loans
are made, it is hoped that this large loan can be
effected. It is simply toaccommodate that branch
of the loan that this alteration is made. There is
no final change of the law, but a suspension so
far as that particular thing is concerned.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. Inasmuch as this
report of the committee proposes a direct depart-
ure from the principle and practice of the Inde-
pendent Treasury, and of our financial system for
years past, and without any limitation as to time,
1 am constrained to oppose it, and I trust the yeas
and nays will be allowed upon the adoption of the
report. I do not propose to occupy the time of
the House in discussing the question, as it is an
old subject and was discussed at length and set-
tled years ago. I am in favor, however, of the
proposed reduction of interest from nine to six
per cent.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether the
pledge of the specific duties on tea, coffee, and
sugar, for the payment of the interest upon the loan
authorized upon this act, has been preserved ?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir. The Senate would
not yield that point; and jaiher than lose the bill,
the House committee thought it proper to yield
that much.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I shall be com-
pelled to vote against the report.
The previous question was seconded, aad tile
main question ordered to be, put. * - ' ' ;
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded,the yeas
and nays. -
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was put; and it was decidedin.the
affirmative—yeas 83, nays 34; as follows: : ■
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter,Beaman, iimgham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bugm-
ton, (Jampbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Roscoe Conic-
ling, Covode, Cravens, Cutler, Davis," Dawes, Delano,
Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Ehot, Fenton-
Fessenden, Franehot, Frank, Gooch, Gnriey, I-Iale, Har,
riaon, Hoi ton, Julian, Keliey,'William Kellogg, Killtnger-
Lansing, Loomte. Lovejoy, McKean, MefCnight, McPher-
son, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P.'Morrill, Justin S. ftfor,
rill, Olin, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, John H. iticfe, Hiddle,
Edwaid II. Itoihns, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shelfabargec,
Sherman, Sprailding, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Fiauci* Thomas, Train, Upton, Van Horn, Van
Valkenburgh, Verree, Viblmrd, Wall, Wallace, Chari&p W.
Walton, B. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, Wickliffe, Worcester, and Wright—S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Burnett, Calvert,
Fiedcuck A. Conkling, Cox, Ori^field, Dunlap, Fouke,
Gnder, Ifaight, Harding, Holmnn, Jackson, Johnson, Law,"
Leary, Logan, McClemand, Mallory, Morris, Noble, Nor-
ton, Pendleton, lleid, Richardson, Robinson, Sheil,Smith,
William G. Steele, Vallandigham, Wadswoith, Chilton A.
White, and Wood—34.
So the report was agreed to*
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Perky was una-
voidably absent.
Mr. RIDDLE stated that Mr. Trimble was
confined to his room by illness.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF ARMS, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, an act (S. No. 52) to provide
for the purchase of arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores.
The bill was read. It appropriates $10,000,000
for the purchase of arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table House bill
No. 78, which has been returned from the Senate
with an amendment, in order to act on the amend-
ment.
The bill was read by its title, as follows :
A bill (H. R. No. 78) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An
act providing for a naval peace establishment,and
forotherpurposes,, "passed March27,1804.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Line ten, after the word " the," where it fust occurs in
said line, strike out " superintendent of the navy-yard at
Washington,and'ln lieu theieof inseit, " supeiintendonts
of the seveial navy-yants and heads of bureaus so that
the clause shall read :
£o that the PiCMdent shall be authoiized to select the
suponutendenH of the scvoial navy-vaids and heads of bu-
leaus fiom the captains or commandois of the Navy ot the
United States.
Mr. PENDLETON. I raise the point oforder
that that bill comes within the Holmun resolu-
tion, and therefore is not iu order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York only asks to take the bill from the Speaker's
table, and agree to an amendment of the Senate.
The bill refers to the naval establishment.
Mr. PENDLETON. But it is a peace estab-
lishment. If it comes within the rule, I object.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The bill has passed both
Houses, but with an amendment in the Senate;
and it is too late to object now. It is already
within the jurisdiction of the House,
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for the
selection of certain officeis of the Navy.
Mr. PENDLETON. But they are fov peace,
and not for war.
The SPEAKER. The standing rule does not
make any distinction between peace and war
measures. The Chair thinks the bill in order.
The Senate amendment was agreed to.
