884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1.
I ARMORED SHIPS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, The corarmtt&e of confer-
ence of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 36)
to provide for the construction of one or more
armored ships or floating batteries, and for other
purposes, yesterday recommended that the Sen-
ate recede from their disagreement to the amend-
ments of the House thereto. The Senate agreed
to recede from their disagreement to all the amend-
ments except one. I now move to take that bill
from the Speaker's table, and request another
committee of conference on that amendment.
The amendment, from their disagreement to
which the Senate refused to recede, was read, as
follows:
Line six, after the word "construction," insert "or com-
pleting;" so that the clause shall read:
That the Secretary of the Navy bo, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to appoint a boaid of three skillful
naval officers, to investigate the plans and specifications
that may be submitted for the consti uction or completing of
Iron or steel-clad steamships, 8tc.
_ Mr.YALLANDIGHAM. Is that intended to
include the Stevens battery ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The difference between
the two Houses arose upon that point. The Sen-
ate bill was amended by the House, so as to allow
the board to examine vessels or batteries in pro-
cess of construction. That would, or might, in-
clude the Stevens battery. The House also
passed three otheramendments, which the Senate
have agreed to. The first committee recom-
mended the Senate to recede from then disagree-
ment to this amendment also. That the Senate
declined to do, and ask a further committee of
conference.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then that little
amendment involves not less than #1,500,000.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gentleman is mis-
taken. There is no such amount involved. I
move that the House insist upon its amendment,
and ask for another committee of conference.
Mr. OL1N. I move that the House recede from
its amendment; and upon that I wish to say a
■word. I suppose the object of the amendment is
to allow the purchase of this so-called Stevens
battery, which lias been cooped \tp in the river,
on the Jersey shore, for the last fifteen or twenty
years. There were laid before the Committee on
Military Affairs last session certain documents in
relation to the progress and condition oftiiatwork,
which, very possibly, have not been laid before
the House and the country; and perhaps f ought,
not to state the contents of them, as they were
submitted to the committee somewhat in confi-
dence*, for I believe it has been deemed proper to
attempt to keep the character of the battery a se-
cret. But sufficient, I believe, has already been
made known to thecountry to justify me in saying
that an immense amount of money lias been ex-
pended in an absurd, extravagant, and foolish man-
ner upon that battery. As I understand it, they
started with the idea of constructing a battery that
would resist an ordinary 32-pound cannon shot,
and went on with the work. Hut the progress in
gunnery was so much gi eater than the progiess of
the construction of this buttery that before they
had one completed that would resist a 32-pound
shot, they weie using everywhere 64-pound shots.
Then the woik was commenced again, partially
de novo, to resist the progress made in gunnery;
but before the second experiment had been com-
pleted, they were firing shot double the weight of
those used when the work was recommenced;
and thus the work has been rendered entirely
useless by the progress in gunnery. Now moie
money has been expended on this work, I believe,
in th<; judgment of every man who has any in-
formation on the subject, than it is ever likely to
be worth when completed. And l,for one, ob-
ject to any measure which would look towards
pressing upon the Government that battery. I
do not believe they desire it. I do not believe they
want it. If they are compelled to purchase it,
they will, I doubt not, be swindled to an extrav-
agant amount. I move therefore that the House
recede fiom its amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to say a word in
explanation of this amendment, and then the
House may dispose of it as they deem best. Be-
fore this bill was passed, a proposition was intro-
duced into the House, in the shape of a joint reso-
lution, authorizing a commission to be appointed
to examine tins floating battery at Hoboken.
That joint resolution has passed both Houses and
has been signed by the President.
In regard to this bill, it was suggested that there
were two vessels building at a private yard in
Eoston, which might answer the purpose which
this bill was designed to accomplish, and for the
purpose of allowing a commission to examine
those vessels, these words were inserted. The
amendment which we adopted would cover an
examination of this battery at Hoboken; and if
the Secretary of the Navy chose to disregard the
joint resolution passed with special reference to
that battery, and assume the responsibility of
completing it, under this provision he might do so.
The committee on the part of the House have
no feeling upon the subject whatever. It was. at
the suggestion of the conference committee on the
part of the Senate that these words were allowed
to remain, and they were reported to the House.
The House agreed to the report. The Senate sup-
posing that this battery might be completed under
this provision, notwithstanding the resolution
passed with special reference to it, refused to agree
to the amendment, and insisted upon a further
conference. Now, so far as the Committee on
Na.y/il Affairs are concerned, there is no disposi-
tion on their part to press this amendment; and
if it is in order to recede now, in the present state
of the bill, 1 have no objection to that course being
pursued.
Mr. STRATTON. I desire to say a single
word in relation to this matter. I have no feel-
ing about this measure, although the gentleman
whose floating-battery it relates to is a resident
of my State. 1 simply desire to correct a misap-
prehension which seems to exist in the mind of
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin.] I do
not think that Mr. Edwin A. Stevens, who has
been here advocating the passage of this bill, has
any desire whatever to thrust upon the Govern-
ment a vessel which would be of no service to it.
It is true, the Government has already expended
a considerable amount of money in years past in
the construction of the battery which is now in an
unfinished state.
The projector of this battery, Mr. Robert L.
Stevens, has been dead for some years. And at
this time, when everything conducive to the de-
fense of the country should be called into requi-
sition, it occurred to Mr. Edwin A. Stevens
that this battery might be made useful, and there-
fore he came here to propose, with the view of
its completion, if deemed best, that a commission
should be appointed to give its merits a full and
fair investigation,and not, as the gentleman from
New York seemed to indicate, for the purpose of
thrustingauscless concern upon the Government,
taking from the Treasury a very considerable
amount of money.
The amendment of the House to the Senate
confers upon the Secretary of the Navy no power
to purchase this battery upon his own mere no-
tion or examination. It simply contemplates the
appointment or a commission to be composed of
three skillful, scientific, capable gentlemen who
shall examine into the condition of the battery
and its probable utility, if completed, and report
accordingly. If their report shall be, that upon
completion it will become a means of defense of
sufficient efficiency to warrant its completion by
the Government, the Secretary of the Navy then,
and not until then, has the right, if in his judg-
ment expedient, to appropriate money for its
completion. 1 have deemed it due to Mr. Stevens
to say this much in reference to his position.
Mr. I-IUTCIIINS. Do I understand that if
the report of the Commission be favorable, the
Secretary of the Navy has the right to go on and
complete the battery without further legislation
upon the part of Congress*
Mr. STRATTON. I so understand,
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Speaker, if the effect of
receding from the amendment of the House be
such as to preclude the completion of Stevens's
battery, then I hope the House will not take such
action. If these commis&ioneis, who it is to be
supposed will be men of intelligence, men compe-
tent to decide upon the merits of the battery after
a proper examination, report that, in their judg-
ment, it can be made serviceable in defense, and
that it ought to be thus employed, I think the Sec-
retary of the Navy ought to have the power to go
on and complete it.
The Government has already expended half a
million, or more, upon this buttery. The vessel
is built, and the machinery is all in. All that it
lacks of completion is the putting on of its armor.
It is not, as stated by my colleague, [Mr. Olin,]
an experiment made before the improvement in
ordnance. It was made to suit the best description
of ordnance now in use. The appropriation of
$500,000 would have completed it as it was origin-
ally projected to resist the ordnance of the times
when it was projected. The present vessel has
been built since the completion of the Warrior,
in England—an armed vessel which it is claimed
will pass under any guns; after the construc-
tion of the Gloire, at Havre, the French vessel
which it is also claimed will pass under any guns;
and the design of the projector of this vessel was
so to construct it as to make it capable of passing
under any guns without injury. Plates, such as
have been designed for the armor of the vessel,
have been found to resist the heaviest ordnance of
rifled cannon. From observations taken by my-
self, I believe that the vessel, if completed, would
go in perfect security into any harbor in theeoun-
try; that she could go into the harbor of New
Orleans, and reduce the city; that she could go
into the port of Norfolk and reduce that city; that
she coula go into the harbor of Charleston and re-
duce that city. I am told that in four months her
armor can be put on, and that she can be put into
acomplete condition of efficiency. I believe that
no expenditure can be made with as much effi-
ciency for the national defense, and the prosecu-
tion of the war successfully, involving so small
an amount, as the completion of this vessel; and
1 would be glad to vote for a provision requiring
its completion.
MESSAGE 3?BOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr.PATTOW,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill of this House for the relief of John
C. McConnell, with an amendment, in which he
was requested to ask the concurrence of the
House.
FLOATING BATTERIES.
Mr. DIVEN, I wish again to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this is not a
proposition to appropriate money for the comple-
tion of this vessel. It is a proposition to iGave it
to scicntific men to say whether they will recom-
mend its completion and employment in the na-
tional defense. If the scientific men constituting
the commission condemn it, there is an end of the
matter. If they do not, then let it be employed.
If it be said that these scicntific men may make
mistakes in their estimate of this vessel, I reply
thatscientificmen may make mistakes in contract-
ing for the construction of new vessels. If we
have ships upon which a largo sum of money has
already been expended, which, in the opinion of
scientific men, can be brought profitably into use,
what reason can anybody urge for rejecting the
ship thus nearly completed? It will take at least
nine months to build new ships. If we have ships
that we can bring into use in four months, why,
in Heaven's name, should we not use them ? If
these scientific men should become satisfied, as I
am satisfied, that in four months we can have a
ship that would pass into Now Orleans or into
Charleston, or into Savannah, and leduce those
cities to obedience, what good reason can be given
why it should not be permitted?
It is said that this will enable Mr. Stevens to
make a speculation. That depends upon the in-
tegrity with which the commission discharges its
office. If they discharge their duty with fidelity
they will make no arrangement by which Mr.
Stevens or anybody else will make any unreason-
able profit by it. If men are placed upon this
commission who will put profitable jobs into the
hands of contractors, cannot they as well put
profitable jobs into the hands of new contractors
as of those who have ships partly completed ?
May I not, with the same propriety, resist this
whole proposition on the ground that this coin-
mission will give out profitable contracts to new
men by which they can make large sums, as that
they will give a profitable contract to Mr. Stevens
to finish a partly completed structure? I say,let
the commission be made as effective as we can
make it, and if there are in Boston two vessels
nearly completed that, in their judgment, will suit
the service, let them make the necessary arrange-
ments. This Stevens vessel is not a battery as
