386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
Mr. VANDEVER. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
ANNALS OF COKGEESS.
Mr. CALVERT asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution;
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Ilonse of Representatives
be directed to procure from the pubhsheis, for the library
of the House, by the meeting of the next session of Con-
gress. a hundred copies of the Annals of Congress ana Re-
gister of Debates, at a price not exceeding that heretofore
paid for the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
ADDITIONAL NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up House bill No. 96. Pending
that motion, I move that the bill be made a special
order, and that all debate upon it shall close in
one minute after its consideration shall be entered
on. .
The question was first taken on the motion to
close debate; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules; and it was agreed to.
The rales were accoidingly suspended; and th§
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Holman
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of House bill No, 96„ making further appiopria-
tionsfor the naval service for the year ending 30th
June, 1862, and for other purposes.
The first section of the bill appropriates $30,000
for the completion of the coal depot at Key West,
Florida, and the repairs of,the wharf belonging
to the same.
  Mr. SEDGWICK. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after that section:
For the completion of the inaunc barracks at Charles-
town, Massachusetts., $12,000.
I desire to have a letter read from the Secretary
of the Navy on this subject.
The following letters were read:
N wy Dfiurtmpnt, July 31, 1861.
Sir: I have the lumoi to include herewith'a copy of a
letter from the (|nnrterm; -.tei of the Marine Corps lepre-
sentint? hint an additional appiopriation of ,<$13,000 will be
required to complete the repairs of the maiine bunaeks at
Ch<uUptown,
It h mipnirant that the tepnirs of ihe<e barracks should
be (ini<l)ed Moie the wmfei sets in. The inclines an; at
present lenipoiaiiiv quartern! in one of the buddings of the
navy-yard not designed foi Mich pmpo^e. 1 would tli-Me-
fore earnestly recommend that the appiopriation be made.
I nm, sn, veiy re.-pectiully, &e.,
• GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. C. B. Sedgwick, 'Chfdunan Committee on Naval
Jljjairs, United States House of Representatives.
Marinf Barracks Washington, July 31, 18f>l.
Sir: Ah additional sum of $10,000 will he required to
complete the repair* or finish the' tan racks at Chaile.stown
Mas^acliusxtt-i.
I am informed, the $10,5^0, which was appropriated by
Congress lor tin-, object, i* neatly, if not quite exhausted;
the estitnat'! upon which thi- amount wa*. billed was icn-
deicd un<i''i the belief tin- old inundation would Mist.un the
woik in contemplation.
Upon a mine thotough examination, it was discovered to
be min-hablc ; in coiw queitee, .'i representation was made
to the Department, thiniisrh the eomniand'int ot the eoips
of the t-tate of the foundation, and suggestion presented loi
taking down the old quai tei-.,atid electing a new and irioie
solid Inw. it in eoinequeuce of this additional woik,
the npptopri.it n>u lias l.illen short of the amount nece&saiy
to complete the bariacks.
From the state of the buihhns when lust seen by me, I
should judge a further sum ot .^1*2,000 would be required to
complete the woik.
I am, vi'iy ieM)eetfuMv\ voui obedient scivant,
JOHN CEORCE REYNOLDS,
Major Commanding Post,
Colonel Jo«x Harris,
Commandant Muhne Co^is, Headquarters.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDG WICK. X desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Immediately after the formei amendment, inseit as fol-
lows :
For the purchase of th<* light to manufacture and use
Cotton's Mghl-signals, .^>0,000: Provided, That the lull
right to inauutdctuic and u^e the >amc can be puichascd
at a price not exceeding that sum.
I desire to have some communications from the
Navy Department in reference tothissubjectread.
The following letters were read:
Navy Dkpuvtmcnt, July 33, 1861.
Sir: I have thehonoi to submit heiewith copy of a com-
munication fiom two gentlemen holding distinguished po-
sition? in the Navy, (Commodore Joseph Smith and Com-
modore Iliiam Paulding,) m regard to Coston's night .sig-
nals. it is proper to remaii;. that I haveheatd but one
opinion in regard to these signalf, and that is of unqualified
approval. Believing fiom the representations made that
they are almost indispensable to the naval service at the
present time, I commend the subject to your favorable con-
sideration.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
* GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. C. B. Sedgwick, Chairman Committee on Naval
Affairs, I-Iouse. of Representatives.
Na.vy Department, July 11,1861.
Sir : We arc impressed by the most irrefragable proof of
the importance of the Costen night signals for our Navy,
and more particulaily at this time, when night signals are
indispensable for our blockading squadrons; and we recom-
mend that Congress be asked to purchase the right to make
them in our laboratories, as it is difficult to procuie them
elsewhere; and that $30,000 be appropriated for the pur-
pose.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servants, _
JOS. SMITH,
H. PAULDING,
Captains.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
Washington, July 17, 1851.
My dear Sir: While on the coabtof Hrazil, during my
command.of the bug Bainbridge, I agisted Captain Golds-
borough inexpeiimenting on Coston's telegraphic night sig-
nals. We usscd them freely while in port, at sea, and under
every cucumstanee of weather, temperature, and atmos-
phere. We found them satisfactory beyond our most san-
guine expectations. One of our experiment? was made
ai a time'and under circumstances that was consideicd
almost unfair. It thus occutred : while the Congress and
Bainbtidge were m company, during the prevalence of a
gain ot wind, both vessels were laying to, distant apart
about eight miles. Ju&t after datk, without previous ar-
rangement, I commenced making signals. I made, some
dozen or fifteen, which weie answeicd by Captain Golds-
borough with the like number—each keeping iccords of the
signals made and answered. On a mutual examination,
some time after, we found that not one single mi-take had
occurred, or a nmundcistanding as to the communication
intended to be imparted.
The signals are easier made and understood by these night
signals than those made with flags in daylight, and under
the most favorable circumstances.
I am, sir, very resp<;ctlully, your obedient eeivant,
' M. WOODHULL,
Lieutenant United Stales Navy.
Commodore II. Pauldino,
United States Navy, Washington, D. C.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman whether
this §30,000 is to be paid by the Government for
the privilege of using these signals?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The process of making
them is patented.
Mr. IiURNETT. I understand that.
Mr. fcSliDGWICK. This is the purchase of
the ri^ht.
Mr. BURNETT. It is not the purchase of the
patent, as 1 understand, but a payment of §30,000
for the privilege, by the Government, of using
these signals.
Mr. SliDUWICIC. That is the substance of
it,.
Mr. BURNETT. It is a good price.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDG WICK. 1 propose to insert at this
point an appropriation which is intended to be m
lieu of the thud soetion; and if adopted, I shall
move to strike oat that section. 1 move to add
the following at the end of the first section:
For the pmcliaso of oulnance for the use of the Navy,
$300,000.
I will say, in explanation of the amendment,
that I am advised by the Secretary of the Navy
that unless wc go beyond our own manufacture] s
for the purchase of ordnance for the vessels now
brought into scrviee, they will be delayed m port
for a"long time. It is necessary to have them
armed with niled cannon, and our manufactories
are not capable of turning them out in sufficient
numbers to arm the vessels that have been already
purchased, or the purchase of which has been
contracted for by the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 desire to say a word in
explanation of the second section, which gives
the Secretary of the Navy the power to change
the name of any vessel whenever, in his judg-
ment, it may become advisable. In the vessels
which have already been purchased for the use
of the Navy, there are two of the same name.
Uesides, the names of many of the vessels pur-
chased from the merchant service are quite inap-
propriate for war vessels. I now move to strike
out the third section, which contains an appro-
priation of $300,000 for the manufacture of ord-
nance, and which has already been provided for
in the amendment just adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I now move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Holman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according tQ order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particulaily the bill of
the House (No. 96) making further appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1862, and for other purposes; and had
instructed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to inquire
whether the report of the Committee of the W hole
is divisible?
The SPEAKER. The question will bo taken
upon each amendment separately.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on tiie state of the Union, with the
exception of that providing for the purchase of
the right to use Coston's night signals, were sev-
erally read and agreed to, without division.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I simply desire to
say, as a member of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, that I did not, and do not, concur in the
propriety of appropriating $30,000 for the right
to use Coston's night signals. I hope that amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY FOB TAKING CENSUS.
Mr. McCLEKNAND asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
liesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be itl-
f-ttucted to inquire and lopoit what, if any, delay oc-
curred ill paving the accounts of the marshals and deputy
mai^liaih loi taking the late census ; and, if delay has oc-
cuiied, what, it'any, othn piovwonol law is itceesiaiy to
lnsuie the prompt payment of said accounts.
Mr. VANDEVER. I object.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. 1 appeal to the gentle-
man from Iowa to withdraw his objection. There
can be no objection to the committee malting the
inquiry.
IMPRISONMENT OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is currently icported that the force* now in
rebellion against the Government have impu-oneJ loyal
eitizeiiN ot the United State*, and nmon« others Hon.
Alfred Ely, one of the member of this House:
Resolved, That the President be requested tofurni-h thia
House any lnloimauon he may have upon this subject.
Mr. BCJRNETT. Unless there is other busi-
ness to be transacted, I will move that the House
do now adjourn.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know that
I have anything exactly in the way of business,
but as there seems to be nothing special before
the House, I should hke to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to any
explanation the gentleman may see fit to make,
unless it involves a reflection upon some member
of the House. I should then object, unless the
member shall have the opportunity of replying.
I will, however, withdraw the motion that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no personal
reflection to make upon any member of tiie House,
or anybody else. With the consent of the House,
I will send up an extract from a newspaper, and
ask the Clerk to read it.
There being no objection, the Clerk read, as
follows:
!i A Startling Accusation.—Thutlow Weed. E=;q., in
a Washington letter to the Evening Journal, over his own
signature, makes the following accusation airam?t Post-
master General Blair and his brothei, the member of Con-
gress : ,
" c While widely spread newspapers were thus weaken
