1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38?
ing the Administration by assaults upon its Commanding
General, his embanassments were aggravated by the per-
sistent hostility and every-day aspersion of the Postmaster
Geneial, whose brother, a prominent member of Congress,
assailed him from the stump.
" 4 Meanwhile Confess assembled. Senators and Rep-
resentatives, with more zeal than knowledge, caught up and
reiterated the cry. " On to Richmond." The impatient Con-
giessmen were leading and influential: They waited upon
the Piesidentto complain of theinactivity of the Army; and
upon General Scott, urging him " On to Richmond." Army
bills, prepared with deliberation by Senator Wilson, (in
accordance with the views oftlie Government,) weie emas-
culated by the House Military Committee, of which Mr.
Blair is chauman. The Pie&ident end hid Cabinet had
reason to appiehend, if not the ccnsures of Congress, the
failuieotmeasuies essential to the prosecution ol the war,
unless the Tiibunc's order of " On to Richmond" was 
obeyed.' "
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. X had no idea, Mr.
Speaker, that I made such forcible stump speeches
as I am represented to have done by Mr. Thur-
low Weed in that article. If X supposed my
speeches were as effective as is there suggested,
1 think I should take the stump against JBeaure-
gard, and have him defeated in that way.
The other accusation made by the writer of that
article, that the military bills prepared by Sen-
ator Wilson, chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs in the Senate, had been emasculated
in the Military Committee of this House, of which
I happen to be the chairman, is utterly untrue, as
the record shows. So far from our endcavoiing
to embarrass the Administration by our action,
we reported in favor of raising five hundred thou-
sand men instead of four hundred thousand, for
which the President asked. The House commit-
tee reported in favor of the increase of the staff
corps ofthe Army asked by the Government. The
Senate committee did not report in favor of that
measure. The House committee and the House
itself surrendered their own judgment in respect
to the increase of the regular Army after they had
deliberately placed on rccord their opinion against
the propriety of such an increase at the present
time, because it was understood that the Adminis-
tration and General Scott desired the increase.
So much as to the matters which arc stated as
facts by the writer of that article. As for the
Postmaster General, 1 expect he will be able to
take care of himself in this controversy. I believe
it is true that he has differed in opinion from Gen-
eral Scott as to the conduct of our military oper-
ations. His position requires him to share the
responsibility of these measures, and he has not
hesitated to declare that difference of opinion, and
assume his share of responsibility, although his
personal relations with that officer are of the
kindest character. Events and the public judg-
ment have sufficiently vindicated the soundness of
his views in opposing a policy which has led to
such disaster.
Now, sir, I have seen myself presented on va-
rious occasions before the public, by newspapcis
and m letters written from this place, in the atti-
tude of having, with others, demanded the more
vigorous prosecution of this war, and of being
therefore responsible for the disasterof our forces
at Bull's Run. I desire simply to say upon this
point, that it comes with an ill grace from this
gentleman, Thurlow Weed, who as I understand
was here a few weeks ago as a member of a com-
mittee sent from the State of New York, declar-
ing thafc*he and those who*came with him repre-
sented the feeling of the entire people of that State
— to urge the vigorous prosecution of this war,
declaring that they came here to infuse new vigor
into the Administration, and into the Command-
ing General. Why, sir, I thought I was very
safe in making-stump speeches to the same effect,
when such men as Thurlow Weed, the chief of
the compromisers, and those who acted with him,
had come here to Washington to urge a more
vigorous piosecution of the war, and to infuse
their own fire and impatience into the Adminis-
tration.
When the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] adverted to this matter, and alleged, as
he did upon this floor, that General Scott had
been forced into this battle against his will by
outside pressure, I had occasion to say that he
was making a charge derogatory to the character
of General Scott, and the gentleman found him-
self compelled immediately to change his posi-
tion, and to represent that General Scott had
acted upon orders given by his superiors. And
that is a point upon which I desire to say some-
thing to the House. A& to the charge against me,
I consider it trivial and absurd. It is one which
is infinitely more, derogatory to General *Scott
than it is to me, or anybody else. No man is fit
to command the armies of this country—and I do
not mean to say that General Scott is not fit to
command them—no man, sir, is fit to command
the armies of this country who can be driven into
a battle by outside pressure against his own best
judgment.
Mr. Speaker, I have here a paper containing a
report of the remarks of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. R-iciiardson,] in reference to this
matter. They are as follows:
" I believe the gentleman from Missouri has taken issue
with me upon the fact that General Scott was forced to
fight this battle. I will tell the gentleman what occurred
yestciduy morning in the presence of my trirnds McOlkr-
nand, Logan, and Washburne, ot Illinois, and also in
the presence of the President of the United States and the
Secretary of War. I will try and repeat what was said.
Geneial Scott said : ' Sir, 1 am the greatest coward in Amer-
ica.' I rose from my seat immediately. ' Stop, sir,' said
he,c I will piove it; 1 have (ought this battle, Mr, against
my judgment; [ thmk the Piesidentof the United States
ought to remove me to-day for doing it; as Godismyjudge,
after my superioishaddetennined to light it, I did ail in my
powei to make the Army efficient. 1 deseive removal be-
cause I did not stand up, when my aimy was not in con-
dition lor fighting, and resist to the last.' "
At this point his colleague [Mr. Washburne]
interrupted him. The report continues:
"Mi. Washburne. As my colleague ha" referred to that
conversation, I hope he will state to the House what the
President said to Geneial Scott.
" Mi. Richardson. I will state it. The President said,
<Yonr conversation seems to imply that F forced you to
fight this battle.' Geneial Scott thou said,' 1 have novel
seivod a President who has been kmdei tome than you
have been.' But. sir, ho did not relieve the Cabinet fiom
the imputation of having (biccd him to fisjht this battle. lie
paid a compliment to INesident Lincoln peuonally; and,
Mr. Speakei, H.imimu heic in my place, J doMre u> bay of
Abraham Lincoln—and 1 have known him fiom boyhood'*
hour till now—if yon let him a'one, he i* an honest man ;
but I am afraid he lias not the will to htand up against the
wily politicians who sunound him and knead him tothuL
pUipOdCS."
Now, sir, as far as he went, the gentleman from
Illinois reported that conversation correctly; but
that which he left unreported gives a very differ-
ent aspect to the conversation from that which it
really bears. The gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] who was present, as well as others
who were present, have informed me that General
Scott not only declared the President had been
kind to him, but he absolutely negatived the idea
that Mr.Lincoln had forced him to fight this bat-
tle. General Scott went on to say that he had
never served a President with greater pleasure
than he had served President Lincoln.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Missouri that I called the gentle-
men who were present—Messrs. McClexinand,
Logan, and Washburne—and who had heard
the conversation m question, as witnesses to deny
or to avouch the coriectnessof my statement when
I made it the other day. If any thing had escaped
my memory m reference to that conversation
those gentlemen ought to have corrected me. 1
am ready to be corrected in reference to anything
which occurred on that occasion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. When the gentle-
man was giving the conversation as he recollected
it, I was unable to catch distinctly what he said.
I had heard the conversation repeated before, and
knew what it was; and I have since conversed
with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] and he will bear me out in my declara-
tion, that General Scott negatived the idea that
the President had forced him into this battle.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, I have
this moment come into the Hall, and I am not
sufficiently acquainted with the matter before the
House to answer the gentleman's question. Will
the gentleman from Missouri enlighten me on the
subject?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missoui i. I will state the ques-
tion. When General Scott, as he was represented
by the reported remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] made the statement
that he had been forced into the fight at Bull's
Run, the President inquired whether he intended
to apply that remark to him, and to declare that
he (the President) had forced him into that battle.
Now, what I wish to ask ofthe gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] is, whether General
Scott did not at the time negative the idea that the
President had forced him into that fight?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I certainly understood*
from General Scott in that conversation, and I
presumed that my colleague also understood hrni>,
that he fully relieved the President from having'
in any way forced him to fight the battle of Bull's
Run.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague was pres-
ent the other day when I made the statement ad-
verted to. I do not intend to raise the issue here
now, as I did not the other day, that General
Scott intended to imply that Mr. Lincoln, the
President of the United States, had forced him to
fight that battle. I do not think that it is a fair
construction of what I said, for I gave as near as
1 could the language of both General Scott and the
President; and my colleagues, who were present,
assented to what I then said.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not understand
from my colleague, when this matter was up the
other day, that there was any division of opinion
between us in regard to the matter. I understood,
from what fell from my colleague on that occa-
sion, that he understood, as I did, that General
Scott negatived the idea that he had been forced
by the President into the forward movement that
ended so disastrously.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is as I under-
stand the facts of the case; yet that is not the fact
gathered from the language of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman will
peimit me, I will put him right.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield with
measure.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My statements in the
House the other day were satisfactory to all of
"my colleagues who were present at that conver-
sation. I did not look at the report oT my re-,
marks, and I may have been incorrectly reported.
Whether I was or not, I did not intend, and do
not now intend, to charge that General Scott,
even by implication, declared that President Lin-
coln had contributed to force him into the battle
of Bull's Run.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I allude to this
matter for a double purpose. I find that the gen-
tleman is reported as stating that General Scott
intended to pay a personal compliment to Mr.
Lincoln; but that he did not exonerate the Cabi-
net. The gentleman then goes on to say that—
"Abraham Lincoln—and I have known him from boy-
hood's hour till now—if you let him alone, he is an honest
man; but I am afraid he has not the will to stand up against
the wily politicians who surrouud him, and knead liini to
then purposes."
Now, sir, I say that all that has been said on
that occasion goes to show that General Scott
did intend to exonerate the President from the
allegation that he had forced him into a fight. I
undertake to say that such is the fact, and I want
it to go upon the record.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let us have no misun-
derstanding about this matter. My colleagues
understood that 1 gave the language as near as I
could. Whether I have been correctly reported
or not, 1 do not know. If I did not then make
the correct statement, let me do it now.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri.
hear it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not understand
General Scott, nor did I mean so to be understood,
as implying that the President had forced him to
fight that battle.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is the very
essence of this matter. But I go further, in ref-
erence to what occurred prior to that battle, and
say that the President, after he had information
that General Johnson had escaped through the
hands of General Pattorsom and had joined Gen-
eral Beauregard on Friday evening, went to Gen-
eral Scott and suggested the propriety of wait-
ing until Patterson's corps could come up and re-
inforce the aimy that was then before Manassas;
but so firmly fixed was General Scott's determ-
ination to attack the enemy then and there, that the
President's suggestion wasdisregarded. The Sec-
letaryof War also returned from the field before
the battle, and endeavored to induce General Scott
to send forward reinforcements; he urged itagain
and again; and finally succeeded in having five
regiments sent, two of which reached Centreville
before the retreat commenced. I make these state-
ments, and I make them for the purpose of pre-
venting General Scott from being exhibited to the
