1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
CONSULAR FEES.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 64, to reduce the consular fees for
vessels running to or between foreign ports.
There being no objection, the,bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
The bill provides that American vessels run-
ning regularly by weekly or monthly trips, or
otherwise, to or between foreign ports, shall not
be required to pay fees to consuls for more than
four trips in one yd#r.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
amend an act entitled "An act supplementary to
an act entitled 'An act to provide for a Navy
peace establishment, and for other purposes,' "
passed March 27,1804; when the Speaker'signed
the same.
FORTIFICATIONS.
A bill (S. No. 63) making appropriations for
fortifications, and for other purposes, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
VOLUNTEER FORCES.
A bill (S. No. 44) to promote the efficiency of
the volunteer forces of the United States was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to state very
succinctly what I desire to bring before the House
in reference to the subject referred to by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.]
No objection was made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, the state-
ment of the conversation between the President
and General Scott, which I made the other day,
was assented to by all the gentlemen who were
present at the interview. I say that in the re-
marks I then submitted it was no part of my
purpose to make, nor did I make, any assault
upon the President of the United States. I rose,
sir, for the purpose of asking my countrymen
to have confidencc in some of our public men.
Authority is conferred on the President, and he
was constitutionally elected to his high office. I
desired that the public mind should center round
some person by whom we might preserve this Gov-
ernment. It wasnq^partof my purpose, but on thp
contrary, it was in violation of my plan, to assail
the President.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With thg gentle-
man's permission, I will call his attention to what
l)e did say, and what he is reported to have said:
that the President, Abraham Lincoln, was a very
lionestman if let alone; but that he was surrounded
by wily politicians, and that he had not the will
or the courage to stand up against them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Possibly my ideas were
not so well expressed as they might have been.
I wish they had been better expressed. If my
meaning has been misunderstood because my lan-
guage was unhappy, I regret it. If gentlemen will
recollect what occurred prior to that time, it will
not be difficult for them to properly interpret my
intention. On that occasion, the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Curtis] had pressed upon me to know
who it was whom i charged as having forced this
thing on the Commanding General of the United
States. I stated distinctly that it was that class
of politicians headed by Mr. Greeley who were
urging our poople is forward to Richmond."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will permit me to say so, " General Greeley," as
he is called, has had the manliness not to go
whimpering around the country, and laying his
faults on other people.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Fo--o iee,Iaccordcredit
to him for the course he has taken. 1 have only
risen for the puipose of relieving this whole con-
troversy from any misunderstanding, if any ex-
isted. I thought, when 1 stated, the other day,
the conversation with Genera! Scott, in the hearing
of members who were present when the conver-
sation occurred, that as they did not dissent from
my statement, it was satisfactory to them all, and.
their silence indorsed it. If my statement was
not correct, I regret it. In my remarks at that
time, I intended simply to state facts, and trusted
in the good judgment of the people to deduce legit-
imate conclusions therefrom; and I am not re-
sponsible for the conclusions arrived at by any
person or persons, unless they may be justly and
logically drawn from the facts then stated. The
other day I merely expressed a fear that the Pres-
ident haa not the will to withstand the assaults
and the machinations of the wily politicians by
whom he is often surrounded.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I should like to call
the attention of the gentleman from Illinois 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri asks the consent of the House to make a
further statement.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Nevermind. Let
it go.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Hat, his Private Sec-
retary, notifying the House that he had approved
and signed an act (H. R. No. 45) to define and*
punish certain conspiracies; and
An act (H. R. No. 87) making an appropria-
tion for the purchase of arms for the volunteers
and regular troops of the United States.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Pattost, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the bill supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to authorize a
national loan, and for other purposes."
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, presented the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 3) providing forthe bet-
ter organization of the military establishment, having met,
alter lull and tioCconfcienee luive agieed to iccominend,
and do lecommeml, to their nvpoctivo Houses, as follows:
That the House recede trom its amendments to the bill of
the. Senate, and agree to the bill, with the following amend-
ments:
On page 1, section two, Iitie seven, after the word "cav-
alry," >ituke out, as follows: "eight assistant adjutants
general, siy commissaries of subsistence, four quaitei mas-
ters, and twenty assistant quartet masters."
On page 1, section two, line thirteen, atter the word " es-
tablishment," stiike out as follows: "and to hold their
offices lot thiee yeaif*, unless sooner dischaiged;" and in
lieu theicof add all after the enacting clause of the second
section of the amendments of the House to the Senate bill.
Gu page 3, section three, line three, after the word k< en-
gineers,stiike out as follows : "and to the Oidnance
department."
On page 2, section three, at the end of the section add all
after the enacting clauses ot sections three and four of the
amendments of the House to the Senate bill.
On page 4, section eight, at the end of the section add the
second proviso of section eleven of the amendments of the
House to the Senate bill.
On page 7, section seventeen, line eight, after the word
61 pay,1' msoit " and emoluments."
On page 10, section twenty, line five, after the woid " Re-
gister," mseit "or Navy Register, as the e.vse may be."
Sections eleven, sixteen, twenty-two, twetuy-four, and
twenty-five. Stiike out all of sections eleven, sixteen,
twentv-two, twenty-four, and twenty-live, of the Senate
bill.
Section touitecn,atthe end of the section add as follows :
"Provided, That atter the present in<unection shall cease,
the ration shall be as provided by law and regulations on
the 1st day of July, ISol."
Section eighteen, line ten, after the word " pay," insert
"and emoluments;" and in the same line, after the word
" namely," add as follows: " the pay pioper of the highest
rank held by him at the time ot his retiieinent, whethti by
staff"or regimental commission, and four ritions per day,
and without any other pay, emoluments, or allowances;
and the next officer in rank Miall be piomoted to the place
of the retired officei, aecoidmg to the established mles of
the service. And the same rule of promotion shall be ap-
plied successively to the vacancies con>cquent upon the
reumnent of an ofhcei. Provided, That should (he Brevet
Lieutenant Geneial he jetned under this act, it shall be
without reduction in hit> cui tent pay, subsistence, or allow-
ances: *ind providedfwither, That there shall not be on
the i e tired libt, at any onetime, more than seven pur centum
of the whole number of officers of the Army, as fixed by
law."
Section nineteen: strike out section nineteen of the Sen-
ate bill, and in lieu thereof jn=ert all of section twenty of the
amendments of the Iiou.se to the Senate bill, with the fol-
lowing amendments to said amendment, namely : in line
thiee of said amendment, aftci the woid "was," insert
"or Secretary of the Navy, as tlie case mav be;" and in
line fivc'of said amendment of the House, after the woid
"boatd," stuke out " ot the medical f-mti'," and in lieu
thereot lu-strt ot not more than nine noi le-^ than five
commissioned officers, two-fifths of whom shall be nf the
medical staff; the board, except those taken from tlxi med-
ical staff, to be composed, as far as may be, of litis seniors
in rank."
Section twenty-six, line eight, after the word "pay,"
insert" and emoluments."
Section twenty-seven, line nine, after the word " pay."
insert "and emoluments;" in line thirty-four, after the
word " dollars," insert " and with four rations per day to
each of the above-named officers of the Navy, to be com-
muted at thirty cents cach ration; and in line forty-seven,
page 14, strike out ai!rafter the word " officer" to the end
of the section.
Section twenty-eight, line fourteen, after the word " offi-
cers," insert as follows: "two-fifths of whom shall be
members of the medical bureau of the Navy; the board,
except those taken from the medtcai bureau."
That the Senate do concur in the foregoing amendments
to the bill.
HENRY WILSON,
J. McDOUGALL,
I agree to this report except to the proposed increase of
the staff of the Army. JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANCtS P. BLAIR, Jr.,
.T. S. JACKSON,
WILLIAM D.KELLEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, it will
be recollected by the House that a committee of
conference on this same bill made a report a few-
days ago, which was agreed to in the House, but
which was disagreed to in the Senate. The only
difference between the report that we now make
and the one agreed to by the House on the former
occasion is in three particulars. One is, that the
House has recodcd from the clause which was in
the House bill in regard to rations, and have ac-
ceded to the clausc in the Senate bill increasing
the soldiers' rations somewhat—I believe about
two cents a day. It was insisted on by the Senate
that the present rations were insufficient, espe-
cially for megular troops, who had notliabituated
themselves to taking good care of their provisions.
Under their representations the managers on tho
part of the House gave way, and acceded to the
Senate proposition. They also acceded to an
amendment offered on the part of the Senate in
reference to the pay and emoluments of the Lieu-
tenant General in case he should retire from tho
service, leaving him the same pay as if he had
remained in the Army and in active service.
In other respects, neither the provisions con-
tained in the House amendment, nor those con-
tained in the Senate bill, in reference to the pay of
retiring officers of the Army or Navy, were re-
tained; but we undertook to strike a difference
between the two. Formerly, and in the bill as
passed by the House, Army and Navy officers
retiring from service were allowed their grade pay
proper and their service rations, and lor a servant.
The section in the Senate bill on the subject re-
quires them to be retired simply on their pay
proper, and on the schedule for the pay of the Navy
officers, which made it equal to that allowed to tho
Army officers, without service rations, and without
a servant's rations. We have agreed on a mod-
ification,so as to give the pay proper to theArmy
officers, and the schedule of pay fixed in the Navy
bill to the Navy officers, with an increase of four
rations a day, or §1 20, which is about half of
what the service rations would amount to.
That is the way we compromised the matter;
and these are th© only differences, according to
my recollection, existing between the report as
now made and the report adopted by the House
he other day.
Mr. OIJN. Mr. Speaker, great difficulty was
experienced, not only in the committee of the
House, but, possibly, also in the committee ofthe
Senate, in relation to this measure. It is one of
gieat delicacy and importance, and, as 1 under-
stand the provisions of the bill agreed upon by the
last committee of conference on the subject of re-
tiiing the officers of the regular Armyfiom the
service of the country, it makes an exception m
favor of the Lieutenant General. I have no dis-
position to say one word in derogation of his dis-
tinguished services, or to oppose any exhibition
of gratitude that may be made on the part of Con-
gress toward Geneial Scott. He served gallantly
in the war of 1812. He has spent his entire life
in the service of the country; and, so far as I am
concerned, whenever an officer has, like General
Scott, devoted the best energies of his mind and
body to the service of his countiy, and always
with distinguished honor, I would never oonsent
to see him, when disabled by age, retiring to pri-
vate life, without the full pay and emoluments to
