390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
which his highest rank would entitle him. But
while I would do that most cheerfully, in regard
to the Lieutenant General, I would insist on it
just as rigidly in regard to others equally deserv-
ing the homage and respect of their country.
Sir, I do not stand here pleading as a neighbor
and friend of John Wool, who commenced his
career in the service of his country in the war of
1812; who, on every battle-field, from Plattsburg
andQ,ueenstowntoBuena Vista, hasborneourflag
to victory, and who is now, for some reason—God
knows what—exiled to his home, and is not per-
mitted to render that efficient service to his coun-
try, which his talents, his patriotism, and all his
former history, assure the world he is able to ren-
der. The delegation from my State, on a recent
occasion, and with entire unanimity, so far as I
linow, have proposed to the Administration to
inquire why it is that his services have not been
called into requisition in this hour of our coun-
try's peril. I hope they will have sufficient reason
for the answer they must give to that question.
But, sir, I am opposed to this amendment; I
am opposed to this report of the committee of
conference, just so far as it will have the effect to
strike from 'the Army roll a man who has served
his country faithfully, and with entire success, for ,
a peiiod of now more than forty years, who, in
every battle-field, from his youth to old age, has
covercd himself with glory; who has over and
over again, not only received the thanks of his
native State, but of the Congress of the United
States, for meritorious service. I am unwilling to
see a measure passed here—poor as the country
may be, cramped in its resources as it may be—
that shall consign a man, who has thus served
his country faithfully to his old age, to obscurity
upon half pay. No, sir! No, sir; this right arm
should fall from its shoulder sooner than 1 would
consent to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in saying what I have said,
I have no objection to any favor gentlemen may
be disposed to render to General Scott. I speak it
in no spirit of invidiouaness. I would join in
making any exception in his favor, or in bestow-
ing upon him any deserved honor. But while 1
will do that,! am as earnestin my determination
to resist what must of necessity appear as a re-
flection upon every officer in the Army, and espe-
cially upon one who, under like circumstances,
has served hiy eounlrv with equal distinction,
who lias received the thanks of iiis native State
and of the Congress of the United States, and
who, in every respect, is as worthy of the confi-
dence of the country.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. The gentleman from
New York knows very well what my views are
upon the topic which ho has discussed. He
knows that I was reluctant to consent to this legis-
lation upon the very ground on which he has
opposed it upon this floor. No man, not even
the gentleman himself, has a more exalted opin-
ion of General Wool than I have, or a greater ad-
miration for the services he has rendered to his
country. At the same time, I believe it is in obe-
dience to the public sentiment of the country that
wo should make this provision for the Lieutenant
General, if he should retire; and I have, there-
fore, assented to the report.
I do not deem it necessary to discuss this mat-
ter further, or to say anything in regard to the
other officers who are retired under this bill. I
will simply remark that I have struggled through-
out, with the consent and approbation of the
House, to get a decent pay for our officers, all of
them, when they should be retired from the coun-
try's service. The House bill, as it was passed
in this body, would have given them ample and
sufficient pay. It gave them their pay proper,
and allowances for servants and rations. I deemed
that this was but a just allowance for old officers
who had spent their lives in the service; and I
deemed it a matter even of economy, because
when we have efficient officers in the field, it is
economy to pay the largest sum to the retired offi-
cers. But the Senate disagreed to the proposition
of the House, and struck out our provision, after
it had been reported in favor of by their own com-
mittee, and insisted upon the proposition as they
originally passed it; and it was with extreme dif-
ficulty that we could get even what we reported.
It is the best I believe we can get from the Senate,
and therefore I am in favor of doing the best we
can. Now, sir, if there is no gentleman who
wishes to make any further inquiry, I will move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the-
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With the consent of
the House, although I know it is not now in order,
I wish to make a single explanation. I under-
stand that a remark made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Olim,] has been misunderstood
by some gentlemen. I wish to say that this bill
does not retire General Wool. It does not con-
template his retirement at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
upon what ground this provision has been in-
serted for retiring the Lieutenant General and
Commander-in-Chief of thft Army ? Is it bccausc
the committee consider him not qualified to com-
mand ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I say to the gen-
tleman that it does not retire him at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I know it does not directly; but
I suppose no gentleman can misunderstand its
practical effect.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understand the
first section of the bill, which relates to the retir-
ing of officers, provides that when an officer shall
have been forty years in the service, he may, at
his own election, retire. It does not compel any-
body to retire, unless a board of officers, to be
appointed, decide that they are incapacitated or
disabled.
Mr. LOGAN. How is that board, by the pro-
visions of the bill, created?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is created by the
Secretary of War, with the approval of the Pres-
ident of the United States, it is to be a mixed
commission, consisting of commissioned officers
and officers of the medical staff. But that there
may be no misunderstanding at all in respect to
the effect of the provision upon the Lieutenant
General, I will say that it meets his approval.
The SPEAKER. Ail this debate is outof order.
Mr. ASHLEY. I suppose no one objects. I
desire to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, if those officers, when retired, are
not retired on full pay, with their servants and
rations the same as when in active service ?
Mr. ISLAllt, of Missouri. No, sir, they are
retired upon their pay simply.
Mr. ASIILEY. Without servants and ra-
tions ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Without servants
and with only four rations._
Mr. ASIILEY. -I wish to ask the gentleman
if the system in Great Britain is not to retire their
officers upon half pay?
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believe so. I will
say however, to the gentleman, that this is just
about half pay. They receive their pay proper;
but when you take away their servants, rations,
and emoluments, you take about fifty per cent,
from their real pay in active service, and it may
be something more.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only fif-
teen members voting therefor.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Are these all the
friends General Scott has left?
The question was taken, and the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to.
Mr. RLAIR,of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW OF STEPHEN A. DOUGLAS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have been instructed
by the committee of conference on the resolution
for paying the widow of the late Stephen A.
Douglas to make the following report:
The committee of cont>rcnee on the disagreeing votes of
the two Housed oil the resolution of the Senate {So. 5) to
pay the widow of the iate Stephen A. Douglas the amount
Uuo him as a Senator at the time of his death, have met,
and, nftci tali and free ronfercncp, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do lecommend, to their lespeetive Houses as
follows:
That the House do rucede fiom its amendment to the
said lesoiution.
The report is signed by the managers on the
part of both Houses.
The report was adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COPIES OF THE LAWS.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolvcdy That ten thousand copies of the laws of the
extra session of Congress be published in pamphlet fpnn
for the use of the members of the House.
On motion of Mr. BURNETT, the House (at
three o'clock, p. m.) then dftjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 2, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday wus read and approved.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote on concurring in the amend-
ment of the House to "the bill (S. No. 43) to pre-
vent and punish fraud on the part of the officers
intrusted with the making of contracts for the
Government, which was taken yesterday. The
bill has not yet been signed, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro ttmpore. The motion
to reconsidcr will be entered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit the motion now,
in order that the Cferk may*get possession of the
documents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if he
proposes action now on that motion ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; but sometime
in the course of the day. I will merely make the
motion now, in order to stop further action on the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to rcconsider will be entered, and taken up for
consideration hereafter.
RESOLUTIONS 03? NIg"VV JERSEY.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey,
passed at its last extra session. Owing to an ac-
cident, a delay has occurred in the presentation
of the resolutions; yet, I think, from their char-
acter, they are time enough. I ask that they may
be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
State of New Jersey.
Concurrent resolutions adopted by the Legislature at its
extra session.
Resolved, That his ExceJlcncy Charles S. Olden, Gov-
ernor of this State, deserves, and we hereby tendei him,
our most cordial and heaity thank5? for the promptness,
eneigy, fidelity, and ability, with which he 1ms acted in
carrying out the measures lecomtnended by the lhesident
of the United States for the putpose of defending our na-
tional capital, and preserving the fnteguty of the national
Union; and lie is eminently woithy of the confidence of
this Legislature, and of all the citizens of this State, and
we may £11 congratulate ourselves that we have an Execu-
tive so auaiiiably fitted, m cvciy respect, tortile present
alarming ciisis in our national affairs.
Resolved, That the pieseivation of the national Union
and Constitution in their full integrity and power is the
only effectual protection of the small States against the
encroachments and ambition of their moie powerful neigh-
bors ; and that especially it is a matter of vital importance
to New Jersey, with her large line of coast, and situate
between two States, empires themselves, winch would
render u=? comparatively powciless in any'encroachment
upon our lights of t-uil and juiisdietion, and that, therefore
the Pipsident of the United Suites is entitled to the thanks
of cvoiy Jerseyman specially, lor the oncigetic and patn-
otic elicits he has thus far made to maintain the Union,
the Constitution, and the laws.
liesvlLed, That while wo disclaim all desire or willing-
ness to make war upon the people of the South, except
necessary ioi the single purpose of maintaining the Union,
the Constitution, and the laws; and while we pledge om-
selves icady to defend the Constitution, rights, and inter-
ests, at all times and under any circumstances, with the
same zeal and energy with which we will uphold the na-
tional power,and in the prompt punishment of all tiaitois;
yet, fiimly believing that the preservation of our national
unity is the only security loi the rights, liberties, and power
of our own people, and the great hope of oppressed human-
ity throughout the world, we call upon the national Gov-
ernment to put forth at once eveiy energy of which it is
capable to pte^erve the national unity, and enfoico obedi-
ence to the laws of the land in every pan of the Union ;
being inflexibly resolved that Hunker Iiill,Mount Veinon,
New York, and New Oilcans, shall never be dissevered;
and believing from the teaching of all lustoiy that the most
ceitain and speedy mode of restoring peace is by the most
vigorous prosecution ofthe present war.
Resolved, That the Governor he requested to fonvaid to
the President of the United Stales, to each Senator and
Representative from this State, and to the Governor of each
State, a copy ofthe foregoing resolutions.
