1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
legalizing the acts &£• the President. I hope we
may have a vote upon that, and that we shall then
take up other questions in the order in which they
occur.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
from a committee of conference which was being
presented by the Senator from Rhode Island, is a
privileged subject.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is a privileged subject,
and the Senator has a l ight to go on with it; but
the Senator from Illinois has the right to enterhis
privileged motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all I ask.
Mr. BRIGHT. And I have a right to object
to its consideration until the regular business is
disposed of, and I do object.
The PRESIDING O'FFICER. The motion
cannot be considered unless by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is entered,"
I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do I understand to
be the ruling of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
privileged question already before the Senate, and
no subject can take precedence of it unless by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, unanimous
consent was given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To enter the
motion; not to consider it at this time.
Mr. BRIGHT. To enter the motion, but not
to take it up and discuss it.
\Mr. McDOUGALL. The subject was taken
up, and the discussion commenced by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. BRIGHT. I objected.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was not objected to in
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is too late now to
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois entered a motion to reconsider, by
unanimous consent. The Senator from Maine
moved that the Senate proceed to take the ques-
tion on that motion now. The Senator from
Indiana objects to that.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is in the power of the Sen-
ate to postpone all other business and take it up.
A majority of the Senate may do that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator who made
this motion got up to discuss it after consent was
given; and was on the floor opening the discus-
sion when the gentleman from Indiana addressed
the Chair.
Mr. BRIGHT. The gentleman from Indiana
objected as soon ns he could get the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I sayit was notintime;
and I protest against the objection being made
now,
Mr. BRIGHT. I objected in due time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Presiding Officer
asked if any objection was made; and no objec-
tion being made, the subject came before the
Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I objected within the rules to
the consideration of the motion until the regular
business is disposed of. It is in the power of the
Senate, of course, to postpone the regular busi-
ness by vote, if they choose to do so. I do not
object to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I move to post-
pone all other business, and proceed to the con-
stdeiation of the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate postpone all prior orders, with a
view to proceed to the consideration of the motion
of the Senator from Illinois to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate agreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 41) supplementary
to an act entitled "Anact to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to take up
time on tins subject. The Senator from Maine
is mistaken in supposing I wish to delay the mat-
ter. I am willing that it shall come up now and
be voted on; but it passed without my observa-
tion, and I desire that a law repealing 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment, before we proceed with
any remarks upon it, I hope we may be permit-
ted to have that part of the bill read, so that we
may understand what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask for the reading
of that section which repeals the sub-Treasury
law.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Sec. 6. Jtnd be it further enacted, That the provisions
of tlie act entitled ' An act to provide for the better organ-
ization of the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue,'
passed August 6,1846, be, and the same are hereby, sus-
pended, so far as to aiiow the Secretary of the Treasury
to deposit any of the moneys obtained on any of the loans
now authorized by law, to the credit of the Treasurer of
the United States, in such solvent specie-paying banks as
lie may select; and the said moneys so deposited may be
withdrawn fiom such deposit for deposit with the regular
authorized depositaries, or for thepaynient of public dues,
or paid in redemption ofthe notes authorized to b.e issued
under this apt, or the aet to which this is supplementary,
payable on-demand, as mav seem expedient to, or be di-
rected bailie Secretary of the Tieasury."
\ Mr-JTRUMBULL. Mr. President, it will be
sfe^njhat by this section, which was a new sec-
tioMlntroduced on the report of a committee of
conference, so much of the sub-Treasury act as
requires the moneys of the Government to be kept
in its own depositories, so far as any money is
raised by the loans which we have authorized, is
repealed. We have authorized the borrowing, in
one form or another, of some two or three hun-
dred million dollars; and by this section the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to deposit
that money in solvent specie-paying banks. It
is the old system over again of putting money into
these banks; and you will have the old system
over again, in the end, of losing your money in
the banks. We have just gone through in my
State, the State of Illinois, a process of winding
up our banks, at a loss to the people of that State
of at least $G,000,000. Itis embarrassing the State
to-day more than the war.
1 know the bill says the deposits are to be in
solvent specie-paying banks. How long will they
be solvent specie-paying banks ? I do not believe,
and I am not willing to admit, as the Senator from
Maine seems to intimate, that this Government is
to be dependent on the banks. I am glad to have
the cooperation of the banks. I know that many
banks are honestly managed. Many of them will
endeavor to prevent suspending specie payments,
and perhaps some of them may be able to go
through the crisis; but there is great danger of
the banks suspending specie payments every day;
and if we are to borrow a large amount of money
and effect a loan, as we may do in Europe, or a
loan among our own citizens, I do not want it to
he put. into what are called sppcie-paying banks,
and then have the banks fail and we lose the
money. I am for adhering to the system which
we have adopted. I think we can get along with-
out this resort to the banks as depositories; and,
as the proposition passed without my notice, with-
out consideration, 1 made the motion to recon-
sider; not, let me say to the Senator from Maine,
in order to embarrass the Government—lie cer-
tainly does not think I desire that—not to defeat
the bill; and lest I should be accused of taking up
time, and preventing the enactment of this bill, I
will not even now undertake to discuss the ques-
tion any further than simply to call attention to it
that the Senate may know what this proposition
is; and then if a majority of the Senate think
proper to adopt the section it will" be understand-
mgly; the country will understand it; and we shall
understand for ourselves what we have done. For
myself, as at present advised, I desire to vote
against that proposition.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois knows very well that the pro-
visions of the sub-Treasury bill were maintained
by myself as well as by him for many years;
and I believe the policy expressed in the provis-
ions of that act to be sound now;"but we have an
altogether different condition of affairs at this
time. We have to raise money; we have to re-
ceive facilities from the little centers where money
is aggregated ill the various parts of the country.
The point of this measure is that where we bor-
row money, where they furnish us money, we
j may leave it there, and draw it from that point.
It is a mere matter of finance, and a good modi-
fication of the bill. I fought for the sub-Treas-
ury when the Senator from Illinois did; I do not
depart from my notions as to the propriety of that
system; but we want money, and it is a matter
of policy, where we obtain moneyq'h New York*
Philadelphia, or Boston, and the interior cities of
the country,- where they furnish, us funds'j toal-
low it to remain there until we have occasion to-use
it. It is a goodj sdund measure of policy; and
WO can now depart from measures we advocated
many years since.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is," Will the Senate reconsider the vote agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference upon the
bill supplementary to an act to authorize a loan,
and for other purposes?"
Mr. POLK. Have the yeas and nays been
asked on that question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. POLK. Then I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Breckinridge, Bright,
Browning, Dooiittle, Harris, johnson of Missouri, King,
.Latham, Pearce, l'olk, Powell, Saulsbury, Thomson, and
Trumbull—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Howe, Kennedy, Ijane of Indiana, McDougali, Mor-
rill, Sheiman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wii-
mot, and Wilson—24.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, I ask
leave of the Senate to make a very brief personal
explanation. In the course of the discussion,
yesterday, between the Senatorfrom Oregon [Mr.
Baker] and myself, that Senator was speaking
of what would probably have been done in ancient
Rome. The Senator expressed certain opinions,
and another Senatffr in an audible voice said,
"Htirkd from the Tarpeian rock;" to which I
made a sharp reply that certainly went to the very
verge of parliamentary decorum. I discover by
the Globe this morning, and have learned from
other sources, that that remark dropped from the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] I have
ascertained, sir, that I was mistaken not only in
regard to the Senator who made the remark, but
that I was mistaken altogether in the spirit in
which it was made. The relations between the Sen-
ator from Maine and myself have always been of
the kindest character; andlam quite sure it would
be as far from his purpose to offer me an affront
as it would be from me to offer him one. Con-
sequently, I desire to express my regret at any-
thing harsh or unkind that may be contained in
my reply. It is due, also, to the Senator from
Maine to say that I make these remarks entirely
of my own motion, without any suggestion from
him. I had no allusion to him at all, sir.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The question before the Senate is the report of
the committee of conference on the revenue bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was about to state what
alterations the committee had made in the bill as
it passed the Senate. I have stated what has been
done in reference to the impost duties, I believe; I
will not repeat it. We have added to the bill that
passed the Senate the principal features of the bill
passed by the House of Representatives for as-
sessing and collecting a direct tax, to the amount
of $20,000,000, on all of the States of the Union;
and we have put on the income tax as it passed
the Senate, but reducing the rates of tax; lower-
ing them about one third, or a little over. We
lowered the rate upon incomes because we impose
direct taxes on property, and thought it was right
to mitigate, in som« degree, the burdens of the
people. We were induced to substitute this di-
rect tax because we had reduced the imposts upon
the general consumption of the country from what
the Senate had passed nearly to the same amount
that we put on by direct taxes; and the motive,
the reason that influenced ine, and, I presume,
the rest of the committee, was, that the moral
effect of bringing this country, by an almost
unanimous vote, to impose direct^ taxes, would
be greater than any other form of imposition we
could resort to. We are almost all willing to tax
imports. Some do it for one motive; some for
another. I have stated all the time, while I have
been urging an increase of the duties, that I did
not want it for the purpose of protection to the
industrial pursuits of the country; but that I went
for it merely as a revenue measure. In my judg-
ment, simply as a revenue measure, 1 prefer it
