3&8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
now to direct taxes; but I do not think the effect
•would.be one half upon the capitalists of this
country, or of the world, of what it would be to
see Congress come square up to the work and tax
property directly. I know its'effect, and it is the
most certain way of getting the money that can
possibly be resorted to; no doubt about that.
These were the considerations that induced the
committee to change the form of taxation, that
the world miglit know that whenever this coun-
try was driven to sustain its credit by resort to
taxation, there was nothing which it would shield
from its exactions—no species of property. I am
the more inclined to vote for this particular meas-
ure of the House of Representatives, because it
does not tax any property unless the value is over
five hundred dollars. It does not tax a little home-
stead in the West. It does not tax that class of
people whom I have always hitherto known to
be taxed, who are too poor ever to pay a tax.
These are the general considerations. I do not
suppose that if I should talk a week 1 could as-
sign any better reasons, or that if the bill was read
through forty times the Senate would understand
it any better than they now do.
Mr. POLK. 1 should like to understand from
the Senator from Rhode Island whether by .this
bill there is any imposition of duties on the list
that is free by the Morrill tariff", as it is called?
Mr. SIMMONS. We have taken as much as
five-eighths of it and put it into a very high duti-
Elfolc cl&SS.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
know that I can make this matter any clearer;
but I will give a brief statement of the bill as it
stands now. •
In the first place, the bill as it stands now, alters
the duties upon imports. The House of Repre-
sentatives, in their bill, put duties on sugar, tea,
and coffee, which arc free under the existing law.
They also have taken some of the free list and
put it in the taxable lists. Tiiat stands as the
House made it, with this alteration: we found
that while they had undertaken to tax these ne-
cessaries of life, tea, sugai, and coffee, they had
not raised the duty upon silks, brandies, spirits,
or wines. They taxed the necessaries of life, but
did not tnx its luxuries, which stood as they did
in the old bill. In this committee wc took the
articles.which I have now mentioned, and raised
them from 30 to 40 per cent. The free list which
they had taxed, we left as they did. So much in
relation to the tariff. That is all that has been
done with the tariff bill, essentially. The duty
in the House bill being cents a pound, was
reduced to 2 ccnts a pound on raw sugars.
Now, I come to the direct tax. The direct tax
is ^20,000,000, apportioned according to the Con-
stitution, from which wc shall realize perhaps
$1:2,000,000, with the n«bt to the States to as-
sume it. No doubt they generally will assumeit,
because they have made advances out of then-
own money for the futingout of volunteers, which
we have passed a bill to settle; and the Slates
who have thus made advances, will no doubt as-
sume this tax upon themselves, getting the 15 per
emit, discount, and pay it by settling their ac-
counts. There was, in the bill which came from
the House of Representatives, a large piovision
in relation to internal duties upon carriages, upon
watches, upon distilleries. Wc found it exceed-
ingly complicated m its arrangements and ma-
chinery,and weresomewhatdoubtful ofits results;
and inasmuch as it was said that the Mouse of
Representatives entertained very much u. desire
not to have any more United States officers in the
States than they could help; and inasmuch as that
was a species of tax that the Strifes could not as-
sume, because they couid not know its amount
until it was collected, we agreed to leave out that
provision.
Now, we come to the income tax. The House
of Representatives had passed one bill on the
subject; the Senate had passed a different one.
The Senate bill was taken m its leading features.
The Senate had laid the income tax upon all in-
comes above §1,000, and put the tax at 5 per cent.;
but when we did that, there was no direct tax
before us. When they had the dircct tax putinto
the bill, the Mouse fixed the income tax on all
incomes above $600, at 3 per cent. As a compro-
mise with them, we agreed on making it apply to
all incomes above $800, at 3 per cent. That is the
way the bill stands now. Some modifications
were required in the Senate bill as to the income
tax, for this reason: it became necessary, as we
put in the direct tax, to provide, and it is pro-
vided, that, in ascertaining the income, you shall
not take into consideration the .products of the
real estate that is taxed under the direct tax por-
tion of the bill; but, according to the bill which
the Senate passed, it would have been. In this
bill it is not, so as to avoid taxation on the same
property.in two forms.
Now, I have stated what are the essential and
leading features of this bill. It contains the tariff
bill modified, as I have stated, a provision for a
direct tax of $20,000,000, with a right of assump-
tion by the States, and an income tax on all in-
comes above $800.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the direct tax on?
Mr. COLLAMER. On all real estate.
Mr. GRIMES. Not on personal property ?
-Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir.
Mr. KING. Has it been read ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Ifgentlemen have chosen
to read it; they have had it on their tables a long
time.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says we have had
this on our tables a long while. 1 maybe misin-
formed; I may not understand the case; but as I
understand it, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Represent-
atives introduced a direct tax bill of seventy-four
pages, making a very respectable sized book; the
House of Representatives took this up and re-
ferred it to'a Committee of the Whole House,
and theymadesundryamendments. It is that bill,
as amended, as 1 understand it, or a portion of
that bill, as amended, which this committee of
conference have incorporated into this bill, and
we are now called upon to act on it, and not the
bill as laid upon our tables. Am I right?
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose that bill, as the
House finally passed it, was ultimately printed,
though I have not read it myself, but I saw it in
committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that it has not been
printed; at any rate no bill of this character has
been laid on our tables since the 23d of July.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the Senator wish to
defer it that he may examine it? I agree entirely
with the honorable Senator from Maine that I
would have no Senator say, from any action of
mine, that he has not had the opportunity to
exammr a measure, if he desires it.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have nevcrcven known until
this moment Unit there was no tax tin personal
property in these bills; but that all this is to go
on real estate. I am willing to vote on it, if the
Senate is.
Mr. COLLAMER. I stated before, and I state
now, that the bill is essentially the same, in all its
essential features, with the bill by which a direct
tax has been laid four times m this Government,
lived under and collected; and there never was a
tax on persona! property by this Government.
Mr. SIMMOJNS. I will explain to the Senator
from Iowa, that it is competent for any State to
assume its quota of this direct tax, and pay it into
the Treasury with a deduction of 15 per cent.,
and take its own machinery for collecting it. If
they tax personal property nowin the States, they
can tax personal property to getthemoney under
this bill into their treasures; so that it will leave
personal property as the States now leave it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the passage of this
bill will not be delayed. It is manifest that unless
wc close the business of Congress this week, it
will be almost impossible to retain a quorum of
the other House after Monday. I have been in-
formed by leading membeis of the House that it
will be impossible to retain a quorum of that
House beyond Monday morning. I wilksay, in
regard to this bill, that I have read the various
elements of tne hfU in ditiurent bills, and i believe
it now has assumed a form that all of us can vote
for without any sacrifice of the interests of our
constituents. If it is necessary to pass any direct
tax bill at all, tins is as mild a form as it can be
in; and I tiust, therefore, this bill may be taken,
partly on credit; an.I I think, on the whole it is
a fair compromise of the various elements to be
consulted m a tax bill.
Mr. KING. Tins report has not been read.
! There are disputes about it. I should like to hear
the report read; we may then have an opportunity
to know what it is. Some gentlemen think there
are provisions in it that ar^material, and some
that arc immaterial.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the report of the committee of confer-
ence.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The committee of conference, on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on ttie bill (H. K. No. 54).to provide
increased revenue fiom imports, to pay into est on the pub-
lic debt, and for other puiposes, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend to their respect-
ive Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendment to said
bill, and the committee agree to the following as a substi-
tute :
J. F. SIMMONS,
3. COLLAMER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
ERASTUS CORNING,
Managers on the fait of the House.
A bill to provide increased revenue fiotn imports, to pay
the intei est on tli" public debt, and for other pui poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlincnca in Congress assembled, That
from and after the date of the passage of this act, in heu of
the duties heietofoie imposed bylaw on the articles herein-
after mentioned, and on such as may now be exempt fiom
duty, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, on the
goods, wates, and meichandise herein enumerated and pro-
vided for, unpolled fiom foreign countries, the following
duties and rates of duty, that is to say : First. On raw
sugar, commonly called Muscovado or brown sugar, and
on sugars not advanced above No. 12, Dutch standard, by
claying, boiling, clarifying, or other pioeess, and oa sirup
of sugar or of sugar cane and concentrated molasses, or
concentrated melado, 2 cents per pound, and on white
and clayed 5>ugar, when advanced beyond the iavv state,
above No. 12, Dutch standard, by clarifying or other pro-
cess, and not yet refined, 2} cents per pound; on refined
sugars, whether loaf, lump, crushed, oi pulverized, 4'ceiits
per pound} on sugars alter being relincd, when they arc
tinctured, colored, oi in any way adulteiated,and on sugar
candy, 6 ccnts pei pound; on molasses, 5 cento per gallon:
Provided, That all sjiups ol sugai or oi sugar cane, con-
centrated molasses or melado, enteied under the name of
molasses, or any other name than snup oi sugar or of sugar
cane, concentrated molasses, or coricentiated inclado, shall
be liable to forfeiture to the United States; on all tea*, 15
cents per pound; on almonds, 4 cents per pound ; shelled
almonds, 6 ccnts per pound; on brimstone, crude, $3 per
ton; on bum&tone, in lolls, $6 pei ton; on coffee, of all
kinds,4 cents per pound ; on cocoa, 3 cents per pound : on
cocoa leaves and cocoa shells, 2cents per pound ; on cocoa,
prepared or manulaetured, S cents per pound; on ehiccoiy
loot, 1 cent per pound ; and on chiccory, giound, 2 cents
per pound; on chocolate, G cents per pound ; on cassia. 10
cents per pound ; cassia buds, 15 cents per pound ; on cin-
namon, 20 ceiH-s per pound ; on elovcs,b cunts per pound ;
on cayenne popper, G cent* per pound ; on on cayenne pep-
per, giound, $ cents per pound ; on cuiiant*, 5 cents per
pound; on nigol, 'J cents per pound; on cieam taitai,6
cents per pound; on taitaue acid and taitai emetic, and
Rochelle salts, 10 ccnts per pound ; on d.Ues, 2 cents per
pound; on figs, 5 cents per pound ; on ginger root, 3 cents
per pound ; on ginger, grouud, 5 cerit-5 per pound ; on lic-
orice pa^te and juice, 5 cents per pound ; licorice root,
1 cent per pound; on mace and nutmegs,25 cents per
pound; on nuts of all kinds not otherwise piovidcd foi, 2
cent  per pound ; on pepper, 6 cents per pound ; on pimen-
to, 6 cents per pound; on plums, 5 cents per pound; on
piuncs,5 cents per pound ; on raisins, 5cents per pound ; on
unmanufaetuied Russia hemp, fj'-JO pei ion ; ou Manilla and
otli'T hemp- of India, $'23 per ton ; on lead m pigs oi bar,
$fvI 50 per 100 pounds ; in sheets, $2 *23 pei 100 pounds;
on white lead, diy or ground m oil, arid icd lead, $2 S3 per
100 pounds ; on salt, m sacks, 16 cents per 100 pound?,and
in bulk, U cents per 100 pounds ; on soda ash, i cent per
pound; on bicaibonate ot soda, I cent pet pound; on sal
soda,cent per pound ; on caustic soda, 1 cent per pound;
on chloride ot liniej 30 cents per 100 pounds ; on saltpeter,
ciudc, 1 cent per pound; lefuted, or paitially refilled, 2
cents per pound; on turpentine, 10 cents per gallon; on oil
of cloves, "/O cents per pound ; on biandy, •£! 25 per gallon ;
onspnits distilled fiom giain oi other mateuals, 50 cents
pei gallon ; on gum copal, and other gums or resinous sub-
stauce^ used for the same oi sinnlai puiposco as gum copal,
lu ccnts per pound.
s?T:c. 2. Jlnd be it further cnocied, That, from and after
Ihe day and jear aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
ami paid,on the impoitution of the as tidesheicinaftermen-
tioned, the following duties, that is to say: on anow root,
00 per centum ad valorem; on ginger, pieserved or pickled,
30 pei centum ad taloreui; on limes, lemons, oranges, ba- i
nanas, and plantains,20 per centum ud valorem; on Peiu-
vian baik, 15 per centum ad valorem; on quinine, 30 per
centum ad valorem; on rag«, ol whatever matensl, 10 per
centumj on gnnpowdei, 30 per ccntum ad valorem; on
fuathem and downs, 30 per centum ad ialo/em; on hides,
10 per centum ad cahrem; on sol- and bond leather, 30 per
centum ad valorem; on India lubber, law or unmanutac-
i tmed, 10 per centum ad iahrem; on India lubber shoes
and boots, 30 pei ccntum ad valorem; on ivory manulae-
tured, and on vegetable xvoiy, 10 per centum ad valorem;
on wines of all kinds, 50 pei centum ad lulorem ; on 41k
m the gum, not more advanced in the manufacture than
singles, tiam, and thrown or organzine, 25 per centum ad
valorem; on all sdksvaiued at notovci £1 per square yaid,
30 per centum ad valorem / on ail f.ilks valued at over $1
per square yaid, 40 per centum ad valorem ; on all silk vel-
vets, or velvets of wnieh silk is the component iriateual of
chief value, valued at $'3 pei square yatd, 35 per centum
ad valorem; valued at over $3 per squat e yaid, 40 per ccn-
I turn ad valorem; on floss silks, 30 per centum ad valorem;
1 on silk ribbons, galloons, biaids, fringes, laces, tassels, but-
