THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. G.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 5, 1861.
New Series,....No. 26.
indispensable, for the purpose of enabling the
naval vessels to make signals in the night. There
has been heretofore a system of signals for com-
municating by day, which I believe answered
very well for the purpose; but latterly there has
been a g;reat desire—and it has been considered a
great thing to obtain—to enable vessels to com-
municate to one another by night signals. This
is a measure by which these communications are
made by a scnes of colored lights, a combination
ot which, with the signal book, enables a vessel
at any distance to communicate any information.
It was submitted to the examination of a board
of naval officers, some year or two since, who re-
ported in the very highest terms in favor of it.
An exhibition of these signals was given the other
evening—I do not know whether the Senator
from Ohio was present or not—by which their ca-
pacity for communicating intelligence was tested,
one of the parties being on Arlington Heights,
and the other in front of the Capitol. I am told
that another examination was made before that,
when communications were made between Alex-
andria and the President's House, and the result
was very satisfactory. The thing itself is very
simple; so simple, that I have been astonished
that it has not been invented long before. It is
certainly very useful, and it is simply perfected
by a system of colored lights, or pyrotechnics in
colors.
One great difficulty that has heretofore existed
in regard to such lights is, that they damage by
going to sea; damage by exposure; and there has
been a difficulty in separating the lights, so that
they might not fuse into one another. This in-
vention consists in burning a fuse, or whatever it
is called, that, in the first place, gives you a white
light, and then a red light, and then a green light.
There are but three of them; and by various com-
binations, first the white, the red, and the green,
and then the white, the green, and the red, and
so on, they can communicate, it is said, at the dis-
tance of twenty-five miles, on a dark night, at
sea, so that one vessel may know another, and
the ordinary communication between vessels may
be kept up. It is said by those who are conver-
sant witli it, that it is the best thing there is in
the world. It has been introduced into the French
navy, and, I think, into the English navy.
1 made the same suggestion to one of these
naval gentlemen that the Senator from Ohio has
just made, that the Government might go on and
buy these lights, and use them as they are wanted.
The gentlemen connected with the Navy Depart-
ment think it would be a great thing to enable us
to manufacture these lights in our own laborato-
ries, at the navy-yards, so that we can have them
when we want them, and as many as we want;
but now it is difficult to get them manufactured
in such numbers as we want.
1 have thus stated the whole case to the Senate,
and I leave it with them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the bill by striking
out so much of it as makes an appropriation for
the purchase of night signals.
Air. McDOUGALL. My attention has been
called to this matter, and it would seem that if
the Navy Department pay for the signals which
they require, it will cost upwards of ten thousand
dollars a year, if the subject is treated as a matter
of business, I think that, as a matter of policy
and expediency, we should buy the patent. Com-
modore Paulding and some other officers of the
Navy have represented that it is needed for the
service, and this is not the time to hesitate about
furnishing facilities that are required for the Gov-
ernment sei vice. I am for the appropriation. This
is not a time to question it. Commodore Pauld-
ing made a special request that we should furnish
the Navy with these signals; and this is not the
time, I say again, when we should talk and delay
about these matters. Besides, the amount asked
is not. an unreasonable one, in my judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN, I have but one word to say.
I know it is veiy difficult to resist these matters,
and especially where a lady is in the case. I have
26
no doubt at all that if the Government undertook
to make these night signals,itwillcostthem twice
as much as the entire expense of purchasing them,
including the patent right. We all know this. If
we appropriate the $30,000, that is gone; and what
have we ? We have the patent right, and then we
go to work to manufacture these night signals.
How much will they cost ? If they cost four dol-
lars a box, or four dollars a light, now, including
the patent right, it will cost us ten dollars to man-
ufacture them after we have the patent right. We
know that very well. I never have voted,and I
think I never will vote, for purchasing any patent
right. As a citizen, I would not. I would not
buy a patent right if I wanted a patented article.
If any of us want such an article in our business,
we go and buy the article, and do not buy the
patent right unless we want to engage in the Yan-
kee business—in our country it is generally car-
ried on by eastern people—of selling patent rights.
I never knew a man yet who Ijpught a patent
right, scarcely, but was taken in in some way or
other; yet we buy thousands of patented articles.
In my judgment, this Governmcntoughtneverto
engage in that kind of business, and I think it has
been more frequently cheated in the purchase of
patent rights than in anything else, and that is
saying a good deal. I trust that in this time of
war, when we arc laying direct taxes, when the
whole poworof the Government is stretched forth,
we will not give $30,000 to buy that which will
be of no value to us after we have bought it. 4
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to ask what sig-
nals are needed for, if not for the use of the Gov-
ernment; and when a great invention has been
made and developed as this is, for whoso benefit
is it but for a country and a Government? Indi-
viduals do not want signals; it does not belong to
private individuals.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to answer? I am very-willing that the Govern-
ment should avail itself of these signals. All I
wish is that it should buy the signals when they
are made and manufactured. If its costs $10,000
a year, very well. These $30,000 will be the en-
tire expense for three years; and I hope that is
as long the war will last. Rut if we buy the pat-
ent right now, we have then to manufacture sig-
nals, and it will cost us more to manufacture them
than we can buy them for, including the patent
right.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is a particular war
business, belonging most especially to the Navy.
In it, the Government isimmediatelyconcerned,
and the Government should take charge of it,
and possess it absolutely, and use it for its pur-
poses.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Ohio is usually right in his general proposition,
that in regard to patents for articles of general
Consumption, the interest of private individuals
will be better subserved by going into the market
and purchasing them; but who will manufacture
these signals for the Government? There is no-
body to do it. Nobody wants them but the Gov-
ernment. He will* not get that competition, he
will not get that energy bestowed on it which he
wants. The only way you can do is to make
them for yourselves; and this is an appropriation
to get the right to make them. No individuals
have any interest in manufacturing signals.
This is a very slight appropriation, and if the
Government cannot manufacture its own signals,
I should like to know what it can manufacture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say that
I think my friend from Ohio makes a distinction
which cannot stand. I do not know but that it
has been entirely shown by ray friend from Rhode
Island, but I did not hear all he stated, being oth-
eiwise engaged. The owner of this right is a
woman; she does not want to go into the manu-
facture of these articles herself. She has neither
the means nor the inclination to do so; but she is
the widow of the inventor; she is the owner of the :
right. It is to be a Government matter entirely.
Now, what the Senator from Ohio says is, let
her go on and manufacture, and let the Govern-
ment buy. If nobody wants it but the Govern-
ment, why should not the Government make it?
It saves nothing by buying it, and it is quite as
well, in my judgment, to obtain the right at once,
and manufacture the signals for ourselves.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on amending the bill, by striking out the appro-
priation for night signals.
Mr. SHER1V1AN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Naval Committee when this in-
vention was patented?
Mr. HALE. I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has not been more than
a year. It has only recently been completed.
Mr. HOWE. Is it in the knowledge of the
Naval Committee what these lights cost now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. None of them have been
made.
Mr. HOWE. They have been used in the
Navy, I understand, for some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. This lady only has a par-
tial interest, and a very small one, I am told. A
set of lights costs four dollars. That is what we
are told by Commodore Paulding. The Govern-
ment can purchase any quantity of them at four
dollars for a box of Jjghts. So Commodore Pauld-
ing says; I know nothing more about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that there cannot
be any controversy as to the value of these Cos-
ton signals. It is the universal testimony of every
naval officer who has had an opportunity to ex-
amine.them, that they are of very great value to
the Navy, and will be to any navy. About a
year ago, the Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Tou-
cfT> appointed a commission of three persons to
test them here. One of them with whom I remem-
ber to have conversed, was Commander John
Rodgers, one of the best officers connected with
our service. They all made a favorable report.
In order to test thei^ endurance in different cli-
mates where our vessels might be sent upon
cruises, boxes of these signals were put upon
different vessels, and were sent to the different
squadrons. They were used upon these squad-
rons, and some of them were brought homo from
each, and after a long sea-voyage they were as
good as they were when they left our ports.
After a cruiso in warm and humid climates, they
were as good when they returned as they were
where they were sent out.
Now, I understand from some of the most em-
inent naval officers connected with our service
that they may be the means of saving not only
one vessel, but a whole squadron. One vessel
can communicate with another at a distance of
thirteen or fifteen miles, or, if they ascend the
mast, a much further distance, and in a foggy
night. The present method of signals at night is
merely by lanterns covered with different colored
cloths, or else with different colored liquors in-
serted within two different glasses; but this con-
veys a most intense light, and is arranged as has
been stated by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Now, sir, when this amendment shall be voted
down, as 1 trust it will be, I am going to move to
reduce the amount, from $30,000 to $90,000. That
is the amount which was agreed upon by the
Committee on Naval Affairs at the fast session.
Mr. KENNEDY. My friend from Iowa will
allow me to ask him a question. Was not the
amount agreed upon at the last session of Con-
gress, some ten or fifteen thousand dollars?
Mr. THOMSON. Twenty thousand dollars
is what the Committee on Naval Affairs agreed
upon.
Mr. KENNEDY. My impression was that it
was less.
Mr. HALE. I have heard three Senators make
a statement, and neither of them has the exact
truth. I remember it. There was no sum agreed
on in committee. Thirty thousand dollars was
asked, the same as it is now, and the Senate re-
fused to accede to it; and then, at the very last
of the session, just as we were going to breakup,
I think, Mrs. Coston said, that rather than have the
