402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
tiling entirely abandoned, she would take $20,000.
That, if my recollection serves me aright, is the
exact history of the case.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think that is it. We should
have incorporated it in the bill, had we been in-
formed that she was willing to take £20,000. We
did not know it at the time. Now we arc ap-
proaching a season of the year when fogs are to
prevail along our coasts, and when I am told by
naval officers it will become very important to the
service to have these signals, it has been stated
by the Senator from Ohio, that if we undertake
to make these signals ourselves, instead of having
them made by other persons, and buying them
as he proposes, they will cost us a great deal more
than it will cost to buy them. That may bo so,
though I do not comprehend how it can bo so;
but I am told that the fact is, (and I have it from
the Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, who
has spoken to me on this subject, and feels very
much interest in it,) that neither Mrs. Coston nor
anybody else has now the ability to make them,
because the parties who are instructed in the
method of maufacturmg them, the artists she has
employed, are now, three of them, in the Army.
We have got to buy her right, theiefore, in order
to avail ourselves of the signals.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator if we have to employ Mrs. Coston to man-
ufacture the articles afterwards?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that Mrs. Coston
will communicate in writing to the person whom
we may delegate to receive the information front
her, or that she will instruct those whom we may
employ; but the artists whom she has employed
are now engaged in the Army. That, at any late,
is the argument that is urged by the Chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
Mr. DIXON. It secerns to me, Mr. President,
that notwithstanding the condition of the coun-
try, which imposes on us necessarily very great
expenses, we are going on with the most lavish
expenditures, purchasing patents and things of
that sort. I have determined, for myself, to vote
against everything of this description which is
not absolutely indispensable. This looks to me ]
very much, without disrespect to any one, like a
job. I desire to vote against this appropriation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2], nays 22; as follows:
YI2AH—Mossis. Uayaul, Bingham, Uiowmn?, Caililo,
Cowan, Dixon, Harlan, Johnson ot''iVnnoM't\ John^m o(
Missouri, Konneriy, Ivinj;, Latham, JVau'e, I'olk, IVnvell,
Kk'C, .^auMnnv, Sheimnn, Thomson, \Vilkw-.ou, ami
Wihnot—iH.
NAYS—jVIos-^rrJ. Anthony, Rrpckmnrige, I iClark,
CoHanier,Doolittlo, FosK'mlcn, Foot, I'ompi grimes, Halo,
Hauls, Howo, Lano of Indiana, Lane oi Kan^n-*, MeDou
gall, Morrill, Simmons, Humour, Ttumbull, Watte, and
Wilson --'-2:2.
So'the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out " thirty"
and insert "twenty," so as to make the appro-
priation $'20,000.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will not do
that. If they are going to buy these signals, I
hope they will be liberal, fair. I will state the
case of Mrs Coston as I uudeistand it; I may not
state it strictly. This was the invention ot' her
deceased husband, who I believe was an officer of
the Navy, but I may be mistaken about that. .She
is a widow, and the right belongs to her, and she
is a widow of small means. This improvement
lias been very highly recommended both here and
in Europe—m France and in England. She came
here and asked us $30,000, and the oilicers of the
Navy to whom it was submitted say that it is a
reasonable sum, and some of them go further and
say that we ought to pay more than three times
that sum if we cannot get it for leys. That was
the estimate they put upon it. After she had been
here at the last session of Congress awaiting the
action of Congress, and found that she could not
get the $30,000, she then, as a matter of coercion,
against which so many gentlemen contend here,
consented at the last moment to take §20,000; but
then the proper bill had gone from us and she did
not get it. Since then, she has been subjected to
still additional expense and additional delay; and
a gentleman who has furnished her funds to carry
on this great improvement so far, and to whom
she is under many obligations for these advances,
lias been compelled, from the uncertainty of real-
izing anything from it, to increase his demands
upon her for the percentage which he is to receive
for his part of the work. The Senator from Ohio
was mistaken in regard to the amount of her in-
terest. I think if the thing had been done at the
last session of Congress—I have no minutes be-
fore me, I only speak from my recollection—Mrs.
Coston was to have had two-thirds of what we
paid, and the other third was to have been-given
to the man that manufactured them and furnished
the means; but as he had furnished her funds so
long, and she had lived upon his credit while she
was perfecting this thing, the uncertainty of ob-
taining anything from the Government was so
much increased by this delay that Mrs. Coston
was compelled to enter into an engagement with
him, by which a half was to be given to him or
the whole thing was to be abandoned; and thatis
the situation to which she has been reduced by
her necessities and our delays.
Now, if, acting upon the judgment of those
who have examined it, we think that it ought to
be incorporated into the naval service, and that
we ought to buy it, I do hope the Senate will not
cut the amount down to the sum that is proposed.
Mr. DIXON. It seems from the speech of the
Senator from New Hampshire, that a large por-
tion of this money is to go to a sort of third per-
son, a hard speculator, or something of that sort.
It appears to be, what I supposed it was, a sort
of job. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the reason given by
the Senator from New Hampshire will induce us
to reject the matter at once. It seems this lias
got into the hands of some hard speculator, who
is driving a hard bargain with a widow. I be-
lieve we ought to get l id of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
to strike out " $30,000," and insert " §20,000."
^ The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I have an amendment to offer, to
come in at the end of the first section:
For icpniriny the quarters and outbuildings at Fort Aber-
crombie, .^7,out).
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask my friend from
Minnesota where that comes from? I do not
think it comes within the rule.
Mr. RICE. I will state to the Senator that it
comes from the CommiW.ee on Military Allairs.
I will call his attention to an amendment that was
reported from that committee to the Army bill at
the last session, appropriating $29,000, and the
honorable chairman of the Committee oil Finance
thought it was rather a large sum, and proposed
$10,000. I sent to the War Department to know
the smallest amount that could housed during the
season, and 1 think the Secretary of War wrote
down to me that $7,500, perhaps, would answer
to make the quarters comfortable and to enable
the troops to remain during the winter. I showed
it to the Senator from Maine, and he assented to
it; but the bill had gone out of the possession of
the Senate before I got the reply of the Secretary
of War. My attention has just been called to it
again, by receiving, to-day, a letter from the com-
mander there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no further objec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose an amendment to
the bill on the authority of the Committee on
Military Affairs, with the consent of nearly all
the members that I have consulted:
Foi colleetnii;, (lulling, and or^anizm? volunteers under
111" nets nuthuri/.iiig the President to accept five hundred
thousand men, Ss-20,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear an
explanation of that.
Mr. WILSON. We have had within the last
hour from the Government, a request for an ap-
propriation of §20,000,000 for the purposes-indi-
cated in the amendment. The letter is not now
in my possession, as I sent it to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs of the House
of Representatives. 1 sent for it a few moments
ago, but he had placcd it in the hands of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The proposition is simply ^ap-
propriate §20,000,000 for the purpose of collecting,
drilling, and organizing the volunteers that we
have called out. Heretofore the volunteers have
been collected, organized, and made ready for the
Government, by the cities, or town, or States,
and their bills are against the Government. Now
in calling out the force that the Government is
summoning into the field, they need means for
that purpose. Experience shows that it is abso-
lutely necessary to have the money, and the De-
partment comes here and asks for this appropri-
ation. They will use, of course, only what is
absolutely necessary for them to use.
Mr. KING. I will state in addition, that the ■
States from which volunteeis have heretofore
come, have, by appropriations from cities and
States, paid the expense of gathering the volun-
teers. The expenses of the call will be undoubt-
edly expected to be repaid by the Government,
and we intend to make this appropriation large
enough to cover whatever the expense may be.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antho-
ny.) The question is on concurringin the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mi. McDOUGALL. When the vote was taken
on the amendment to insert $,20,000 instead of
§30,000 for the signal lights, I misunderstood the
question. Therefore I move to reconsider that
amendment, if it is in order to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be ex-
cepted from the other amendments. Will the
Senate concur 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the bill open to amend-
ment? If so, I move to strike out the appropri-
ation for Coston's night signals.
The PRESIDING"OFFiCER. The first ques-
tion will be on concurring in the amendments of
the Committee of the Whole, with the exception
of the one indicated by the Senator from Califor-
nia.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the request.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendments?
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion,
and ask for a vote by yeas and nays on striking
out the appropriation for Coston's night signals.
Mr. FOSTER. I submit that that is now not
in order. We have just concurred in the vote
adopting that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was expressly excepted.
Mr. FOSTER. It was not excepted; the Sen-
ator from California withdrew his exception; and
all the amendments were voted on together, with-
out exception.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from California to withdraw
Ills exception.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any difficulty
about it, I will move to reconsider. I move to
strike out those words, if I am in order in mak-
ing the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate concurred in the amendments made as
m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. No; only one. I suppose he
means the amendment for Coston's signals.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I suppose the
whole vote that was taken must be reconsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask a vote upon the adop-
tion of tluitclause of the bill relating to the Coston
night signals. Iam not very familiar with the rules
of the Senate, but I think I have the right to that
vote. I will therefore move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate concurred in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the "Whole, in
order that I may reach in an indiiect way, what,
it seems to me, ought to be promptly granted by
a direct vote.
Mr. KING. As I understand the proposition,
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to reconsider
is not necessary. I concur with him in his pur-
pose. That single clause was excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clause
was not excepted. The Senate have concurred
in all the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. KING. I understood that clause to have
been excepted. If it was not, the Senator from
Ohio is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I understand how
this was. There was a motion made to stake
out this §30,000 appropriation. That motion
failed. Then a motion was made to reduce it
from $30,000 to §20,000. That is not what the
Senator from Ohio desires to get at. He desires
to get at the first vote, if I understand him, and
