1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40£
to strike out the whole §30,000. In order to give
him an opportunity to get atit,as I voted against
striking out §30,000,1 move a reconsideration of
that vote. Let the Senator from Ohio have an
opportunity to vote directly on striking out the
appropriation of $30,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment, and in the opinion of
the Chair it is competent for the Senator from
Ohio to move to strike out the clausc to which he
objects.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Chair be-
fore to decidc that it was not competent for me
to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided that the Senate had concurred in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the "Whole; but
the bill is before the Senate, and still open to
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to strike out
the appropriation for the Coston signals; and on
that 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to resist the motion.
I was in the Committee on Naval Affairs in con-
sultation with Commodore Paulding1 and other
men belongingtothe naval service, who gave their
opinion as to.the value of this improvement, and
to the fact that it was a ncccssary thing, and that
the claim made was a reasonable claim. I believe
myself that when persons invent valuable things
that are only valuable for Government service, the
Government should compensate them, and com-
pensate them well and fairly. I take the opinion
of men who are conversant with these things.
Signals cannot be made marketable and sold among
merchants. They are useful forGovernment pur-
poses. If they are really valuable, if the Gov-
ernment needs them,.the Government should re-
gard first the skill of the person who has invented
them, and then their value in use. I say these
things should be regarded, and, in the opinion of
the best informed men connected with the service,
the claim made is a fair and just claim. I do not
believe in ignoring these things. It has been too
common in our country to ignore valuable im-
provements, treating them as mere Yankee inven-
tions, thatought to be trusted only to the common
field in the ordinary way of circulation. I say
that when a great improvement is made in arms,
or in anything that belongs to the Government
service, this Government should recognize the
improvement, and should pay a just and fair com-
pensation for it; and it is the opinion of the best
informed men in the country that this is a fair and
just compensation. 1 am opposed to reducing it
'below $30,000, as passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
strike out the clause making an appropriation of
$20,000 for the purchase of Coston's nightsignals.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Meisis. Bayard. Bingham, Browning, Carhle,
Dixon, llaila.ii, Johnson ot*Tennessee, Johnson ot Mi3-
boui i, Kenned \. King, Polk, Powell, Pace, SuuUbury, Khei-
mfin, *md Wilkinson—16.
NAYS — Mes-us. Anthony, Bieckiuridge, Ti^ht. Cmik,
Collamer, Cowan, Doohttie, Fotsenden, Foot, Foster,
Gume*, ffalo, Harris Howe. Lane ot Indiana, Lane ot
Kansas, McDougall, Momll, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, VVilinor, and Wilson—24.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the biil to be read the third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I have a resolution
offer in connection with a motion that I made this
morning:
Resolved, That the Secretary bo d-rectcd to request the
House of Uepie^entaUves to letum to the Senate the me-
sa«re inioumn's the ILm-e of Representatives that the Sen-
ate had a«'ieedto the amendments ot the Ilou-^e to the hill
of ihe Senate {S. No. 4 J) " to pt event and pumtft tiaud on
the pair of ofticis Intrusted with the making of comiacis
for the Government."
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion which I have
just submitted is simply to notify the House of
Representatives of our recall of the bill. I have
made a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate concurred in the House amendments to
Senate bill No. 43; and I suppose if I leave the
matter in its present condition, not calling up the
motion to reconsider before the end of the session,
the bill will be lost; but I do not exactly approve
of that mode of doing business. I prefer to notify
the Senate of what I am doing, and have a full
understanding of the subject. I do not wish to
take any advantage of anybody. I therefore sub*
mit the following order, merely in reference to the
reconsideration:
Ordered, That the vote of the Senate agreeing to the
amendments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 4H) to pi event and punish fraud on the part of officers
mtru^ted with making of contracts for the Government,
be reconsidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless there is some rea-
son for the reconsideration, I do not see why we
should agree to it. We had the question up yes-
terday and decided it.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair a letter
from General Meigs, which I think will give the
Senator the information he desires.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, 2,1861.
Sir: T perceive by the momirisj papeis that bill No. 43,
styled a bill to prevent frauds by oftieeis intiusted with
making contracts, had parsed the Senate, eeitain amend-
ments not specified, made by the House of Representatives,
having been eoncmred m.
I know the responsibility attaching to any Government
officer who volunteers to aigue against a bill whose object
h stated a5 the pievention of frauds ; but it is my duty to
say to \ou. that if the conditions in ie«ard to contracts im-
posed by the bill become law, the country may as well at
once yield to the southern rebels all they ask.
They are directed by one mind and will; piompt, strong,
determined, bold. Tliov are not distracted by divided coun-
sels; ai e not icstiained by regulations, laws, cus-
toms, precedents, and all the pataphernalia winch the good
sense of the people ha* designated as led tape.
Ju>t such regulations as this bill imposes starved the
Iint^li army with cold and hunger, while ship loads of
.stoies and of provisions lay till they perished in Balaklava
^Every purchase, every order to puiehasp or deliver, if
accepted, is a conti act. Thc>e oideisate sent by telegiaph.
Contracts aie thus made with persons a thousand miles
away, if we aic to ti.unmel every purchase with new con-
dition-, of wiit.iig, of leeoid, ot athdavit, no human biam
will he capable ol conducting the business ol the gieat sup-
pi v depaitmentsofthe Army.
The QauuteimfiAteiV depaitment contains many ofheers
who aic, in tins tune of public extremity, taxed to the limit
of then eneigles in piovuinur the means of moving the
Aimy—wagons, hoisc-, mules, torage, tools, tent®, and
clothing, fot the. thousands wlio aie actually suflering for
want of it. „ ,
jf in addition to these duties, they are called upon to
lccord in writing eve.iy veibal contract; to put it upon a
certain piece of pi inted paper of a eeitain shape; to go before
a ma«'istiate and take in eveiy ease a eeitain oath ; delay,
irresolution, inefficiency, will take the place of promptness
and enercy; sulfenng, discontent, and defeat, will attend
ouraumes. , ,
All expeditions which should be scciet will be made
known to the public, and the life and stiengtli of military
opeiation will be gone.
As a pioteetum against fraud, lie who will steal will noi
hesitate to shield himself fiom detection by violating an
oath made as common as a custom-house oath. ^
Some confidence must be reposed in human agents. Ihe
ofiicers of the Government endeavor to do their duty. If
a dishonest nvui finds a place anions them, no meie tonns
and qeititicates of recotd will prevent his stealing. The
"reatoi the traud the mote peifeet the papei«.
& The law ot 1&61, chapter eighty-four, section ten, in re-
paid to public contiacts contain?, all that is really needed
to sectiie the public. Moie legation will meiely embar-
las? and delav the publsc"^civice.
I am, icsp-ietlullv, vour obedient servant.
' M. C. MEIGS,
L'rtg. General and Quartermaster G-cncrul U. £>. •>2.
lien. Henry Wilson, United States Se.iatc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that General
Meigs, m coming out so openly and boldly and
strongly against a bill the purpose of which is to
prevent frauds in ins own department, to nx rules
and regulations for the government of its officers,
&c.,has manifested a degree of moial courage
which adds to the very high estimation in which
I held him befoi e. Few men would have the cour-
age to do it. Everybody knows, who knows any-
thing about that officer, that his reputation for
perfect integrity is unquestioned, and his reputa-
! tion for ability is high. He came to the Senate
j Chamber this morning to sec about this matter,
! and he satisfied me, as lie did the Senator from
! Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who supported the
bill yesterday, that it was inexpedient to pass it,
at the present time. Ho said it would be abso-
lutely impossible for him in his own office to go
through the duties of the day, with that bill in
operation. "Why," said he, "I make a hun-
dred contracts sometimes ill a day; and li 1 must
go to a magistrate and swear to each of them, ana
go through the forms prescribed by the bill, I
might as well give up; the Government must ap-
point a magistrate to stand by me to administer
the oath." What it is in regard to him, it is iri
regard to many of his officers scattered over the
country. He said, moreover, that it introduced
an entire new system, made a new set of books
necessary, provided for a new bureau, and in-
volved the matter in so much detail that it would
be absolutely impossible, with the large duties he
has to perform, to get through with the business
in any shape. He spoke, for instance, of one
gentleman that he had, I think, at Cincinnati, who
did an immense amount of.business per day,that
he could not possibly do in the state of things in
which this bill would leave him. He said that
the bill which was passed by Congress, drawn
with great care by Mr. Davis, when he was Sec-
retary of War, has all the guards that can well
be put upon these matters. Ho added also, with
regard to the new quartermasters, of whom there
is so much fear, that no money whatever is put
in their hands; they have no opportunity to cheat;
they make contracts, but as to putting money in
their own pockets in the mode that was spoken
of by the Senator from Vermont, they have no
chance to do it, for they handle no money. The
money that is paid is paid under the direction of
the officers who are paymasters in the regular
Army; they, and they alone, supply the money
to pay.
1 cannot attempt to remember the whole argu-
ment that he adduced; but it was such as to satisfy
mo, in his own strong language, that we might
as well give up the contest, so far as his depart-
ment was concerned, as attempt to make this bill
applicable, for it would not only embarrass, but
prostrate the business of the department to such
an extent that it would be impossible for him to
carry it on. I have the mostentire reliance upon
his word as an officer and a gentleman; and I have,
moreover, the most entire reliance upon fiis judg-
ment and good sense; and as he has taken the
responsibility of saying what he has said with
reference to it, relying upon his own high char-
acter to protect him at this crisis when he has so
much to do, I am decidedly of opinion that the
vote passing tlie bill ought to be reconsidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 listened somewhat atten-
tively to the reading of that letter. It states that
the Government cannot be carried on if this bill
passes; but it fails to state why. It is a general
letter. I have a very high opinion of General
Meigs also; but, for my life, 1 cannot see how
the operations of this whole Government are to
be stopped because the men who are to spend this
vast amount of money that we are appropriating .
here, as if we had the whole wealth of the world
at our command—appropriating §20,000,000 in a
few lines, as we have just done here to-da.y—I
cannot, for my life, see how it is to embarrass the
operations of the Government to direct them to
keep an account of what they do. That is the
whole of it. All that he lias to do is to return his
accounts. Ho can swear to five hundred at once.
The idea that because copies of the accounts or
contracts are to be returned 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state to him that, under the law as it
is, every account is filed in the department now;
every contract that is made is filed there now;
and they are to be certified by the paymasters on
the honor of an officer. The only difference is, that
the bill introduces this new and embarrassing and
intricate system, which cannot at the present
time be carried out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then,Mr.President, this
is not much more detail than we had before.
Every account was filed before, and every one
certified by a paymaster. Wow, you are only
going to file them in another place, and let the
public have access to them. The chief feature of
this bill is, that it subjects these contracts to the
examination of the public. Anybody can go and
examine them; and it makes a place of deposit
for them If every contract that is made is cer-
tified to and filed now, that is all there is in this
bill. It does not prevent any contract being made
by telegraph. It does not prevent the moving of
1 aiiy army. These are general declarations. It is
; not pointed out specifically wherein there is any
: defect. If there is any defect, I cannot sec it. 1
do not see it, now that the Senator from Maine
has stated it. It is usual, 1 know, in general dec-
lamation, to declare that the war cannot go on li
this measure is passed, and to tell us what was
