406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Carlile,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittie, Fes-
semlen. Fool, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harris, Howe, John-
son of Tennessee, King, Lane ot'Indiana, JLane of Kansas,
Latham, McDougal), Morrill, Rice, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bieckinridge, Harlan, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Trumbull, and Wade—6.
So the motion to reconsider the vote concurring
in the amendments of the House was agreed to.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I now move that the bill
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BROWNING. If the Senator will permit
me, I will move to recommit it to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not before us. You
cannot recommit it. The bill has passed the
Senate long ago; it has passed the House, and
comes back to the Senate on a couple of verbal
amendments, and this is a motion to reconsider
the vote agreeing to the House amendments, wjiich
are merely verbal ones.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the vote by
which the bill was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That could not be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 made the motion, and
claim to know what it was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
lay on the table is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion before the
Senate is a motion to reconsider the vote of the
Senate agreeing to the House amendments. If
the Senator from Maine made amotion to recon-
sider the passage of the bill, it is out of order; lie
could n'ot raake such a motion; and for once in
his life, the Senator from Maine is mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not the first time.
I have been mistaken a thousand times.
Mr. BROWNING. Is a motion, then, to rc-
Undo'ubtedly.
I move that the bill be
commit out of order?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That motion to lay on
the table, I apprehend, is not in order. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendments of
the House, which are voibal amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the (able takes precedence.
Mr.. TRUMHULL. 1 suppose he can make
a motion to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; that is
. the motion I make.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President-
Mr. FESSENDEN. A motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
Maine moved to lay the bill and amendments on
the table. Ho is correct,.sir; it is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 20, noes !).
EXPENSES OF INVESTHlATINfl COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance; to report back to the Senate
House bill No. !)9, to which I suppose there will
be no objection, with an amendment, and to ask
that it may now be considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. No. 99) making appropriation to
pay the expenses of the investigating committees
of the House of Representatives and Senate, ap-
pointed the first session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, and of the commission authorized to
examine and report as to the compensation of all
officers of the Government. The bill appropriates
the sum of $10,000, to pay the expenses of the
investigating committees of the Senate and House
of Representatives appointed at the first session
of the Thirty-Seventh Cungiess, and also the ex-
penses of the commission authorized to examine
and report as to the compensation of all officers
of the Government.
The Committee on Finance reported the hill
with an amendment, to add at the end of the bill
the following :
Said stun of muneyto be dnnvn fiom the Treasuiy as a
part of the contingent expenses of tin1 llou-e ofKepte^cnt-
alive;, and to bo Ui^buised m the mode psuvided by U\v lor
Mieh expenses.
Mr. WILSON. I wantto ask the Senator from
Ohio for what this money is to be expended ?
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand it, the
House have a special committee in regard to con^
tracts, &c. There are two or three special com-
mittees in the House, and it is necessary to pro-
vide more money to pay their expenses. At least
so I am informed. These committees are to con-
tinue during the recess.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt the amendment
is all right, but I did not hear a word of it. Let
me have the curiosity to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator desire to have the amendment reported.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; slowly and distinctly.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from New Hampshire, that that is to check the
disbursement of this money, so as to prevent its
disbursement except in the mode provided by
law. As the bill stood originally, there was no
person charged with the disbursement of the
money, and there were no checks upon it at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in,'and oidered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time and passed.
' SENATOR F110M KANSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom were referred the credentials and
memorial of Frederick P. Stanton, claiming ascat
on this floor from the State of Kansas, have in-
structed me to make a report. I,ask that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Committee on
the Judiciary have reported in the case of Mr.
Stanton. There arc some papeis that I received
from the different Departments of the Govern-
ment, that weie before the committee, but which
were withdrawn again to be returned to the De-
partments, which 1 desire to have printed with
the report of the committee. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Lane] introduced a resolution the
day before yesterday calling upon the President
for information as to my appointment and accept-
ance of a brigadier generalship. I should like to
have the answer of the President to that resolu-
tion, when it comes in, piinted with the report of
the committee, so that the whole matter may
come before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. There will be no objection, I
presume, to any course suggested by the Senator
of that description. The reportof the committee,
however, is complete in itself, and I ask that that
be printed. These documents, when they come
in, will be printed if necessary, if the Senator
wishes it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire the papers
that went before the committee, and the message
of the Piesident, to be pi tnted in the same pamph-
let with the report. That I think I am entitled
to, and I would be glad to have that done, so that
they may all go to the country together.
Mr. FOSTER. With great deference to the
gentleman, it seems to me that the answer of the
Executive to a communication addressed to him
by this body, since the Judiciary Committee were
charged with the duty imposed upon them, after
the credentials and memorial were referred to them,
and after their report has been completed, as it was,
it would be a little out of course to have thatreport
held back, and a reply made by the Executive, not
connected with this subject at all, introduced and
voted into the reportby the Senate. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary make their report, and 1
ask that it be printed. If there is anything else
connected with the subject, introduced befoie or
since, which the Senator from Kansas requests to
have printed, I presume the Senate will indulge
him. I certainly shall vote in the most libeial
manner for printing any document he may wish;
but I suggest, and submit with all deference to the
Senator, that a report from a commitee of the Sen-
ate, when made, is ordered to be printed, as a
matter of course; and that I ask.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the indulgence
of the Senate I desire to state that, from an over
modesty, I did not go before the Judiciary Com-
mitteee until after they had decided this question.
I do not blame the committee; I blame myself.
Sir, this is an interesting cjiieslion to thu people of
Kansas, one upon which, m every county, there
is an unquestionable majority in my favor. Tak-
ing into consideration the fact that I was not be-
fore the committee until after the question was
decided, I think I am not asking too much when
I ask of this Senate that the panacea shall go with
the disease, that the information called for by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lank] from the Pres-
ident of the United States, who should know
whether I am a brigadier general or not, and the
evidence I laid before the committee and withdrew,
from the fact that I was compelled to return that
evidence to the Departments, shall be printed with
the report of the committee.
I desire to say, Mr. President, that had there
been no difference of opinion in the honorable
committee to which this subject was referred, I
would not, for the people of Kansas, interpose a
single objection to their verdict being ratified by
the Senate. I feel that I have done no act to im-
pair my right to this seat, conferred upon me by
the representatives of an intelligent and gallant
people; that no error has been committed by me
as a representative, to affect in the slightest degree
my right to this seat. 1 do not want that people
for one moment to suppose that their representa-
tive, even in his zeal to serve his bleeding country,
has thrown the slightest shadow upon his right
to that seat.
Sir, the information which is communicated to
the country from the Judiciary Committee is in-
formation that will surprise the people of Kansas.
Had you been at the seat of government of that
State a few weeks ago, you would have found this
contestant and myself candidates before the Legis-
lature for a seat upon this floor. With a unan-
imity seldom known, they conferred this honor
upon mc, and rejected him,although the Governor
of the State was the leader of the van in opposi-
tion to mc. I do not design to assail the report
of the Judiciary Committee; but I do desire to
say this: if that report is ratified by the Senate,
they will do that which the people of Kansas re-
fused to do. They will reverse the decision of
that people, oust me,and give the place to the
man whom they rejected. Sir, I ask, if a major-
ity of this Senate had the heart to do this, could
they not empty every scat on this floor by the
same process, if the Governor of the State wishes
that the people be thus—not outraged, I will not
say that—but those foisted here whom the people
do not want? Could they not collude together
and defeat the wishes of the people of the State
in every instance ?
Sir, with a belief that when all this evidence
comes before the Senate each and every Senator
will come to the conclusion that I have done no
act to cast the slightest doubt on my right to a
seat upon this floor, 1 ask that the evidence that
was before the committee and the answer to the
resolution of the Senate may be printed in the
same pamphlet, in order that they may all go to
the people of Kansas together.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 am not a member
of the Committee on the Judiciary; and if any
member of the committee had risen, I should not
have sought the floor.
Mr. FOSTER. If the gentleman will excuse
me for one word 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly; I give
way.
Mr. FOSTER. I will suggest that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have made a report, and
requested, as is usual, that the report be printed.
If there be no objection, I wish the question to
be taken on the motion to print.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
has been taken, and decided in the affirmative.
The Senate have ordered the report to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask,then, what motion
there is before the Senate on the subject?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion before the Senate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I know nothing of
the merits of the controversy between the con-
testant and the sitting member 
Mr. GRIMES. Doe's the Senator from Ken-
tucky rise to a personal explanation?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas rose to make a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. Cut there is now no motion
befoie the Senate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The motion is that
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary and
the accompanying papers be printed.
