1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Mu GRIMES. That question has been de-
cided*
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And then the Senator
from Kansas moved 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Kansas rose
to a personal explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas rose to a privileged question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To make a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not understand the Senator from Kansas to make
a motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
Kansas, as 1 understand, rose for the purpose of
requesting of the Senate that the report and the
accompanying papers of the Committee on the
Judiciary might not be published until the answer
of the President to the resolution of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Lane] should come in, so that
all might go together in the same pamphlet. That
was my understanding of his motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My intention was to
have the items of evidence which I had borrowed
from the archives of the "War Department, an/J
the answer of the President to the resolution of
the Senator from Indiana, published in the same
pamphlet with the report of the committee. I
thought I had made that motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I fancy that the Senator
will secure his object only in one way regularly,
if I understand his purpose, and that is by hav-
ing the report recommitted for the purpose of
adding to it the papers which he suggests, as an
appendix to it; and then they will come in with
and constitute part of the report and be printed
together. I fancy he can hardly get at it in the
way he proposes.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I assume, then, that
the motion of the Senator from Kansas is, that
the report be recommitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary, his object being to keep it there
until the answer of the President comes in to the
resolution of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Lane;] and upon that I will make a single re-
mark.
I know- nothing whatever of the merits of this
controversy, and of course desire to do justice,
being, in my official capacity, indifferent between
the contestants. It occurs to me, however, sir,
that the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
should not be recommitted to that committee, but
should be printed for the use of the Senate; and
if, at any time before the decision of the Senate is
made, the answer of the President should come
in, of course it should be printed, and be one of
the elements of the judgment of the Senate; and
if, there is reason to believe that the response of
the President would affect the merits of the con-
troversy, of course it should not be decided by
the Senate until that response comes in. That is
just to the Senator from Kansas.
I do not agree,however, with the Senatorfrom
Kansas, in supposing that the action of the Senate
upon this subject, whatever it may be, will be any
reflection upon the people of the State of Kansas
in electing him to the Senate. It is true that he
and the gentleman who now contests his seat, as
1 understand him to say, weie candidates before
the Legislature, and he was chosen over that gen-
tleman. If, however, at any time since, it shall
turn out to be the fact that he has accepted an
office, or has done anything else which makes it
improper for him to remain here as a Senator, it
is no reflection on the people of Kansas that the
office shall be vacated by his own act, and that
whoever shall be appointed by the proper author-
ity of Kansas to succeed him, shall take his place.
However that may be, of course I know not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly; I yield to
the Senator.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The people of Kan-
sas, I owe it to myself to state, are opposed, unan-
imously opposed, with a few exceptions, to my
giving up the scat in the Senate for a brigadier
generalship. They arc anxious that I should
command their brigade, and I am anxious to com-
mand it; but they do not desire me, and have pro-
tested from the north to the south, and from the
east to the west, against my giving up my scat
in the Senate for that position.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not doubt that
the Senator is correct. I have no right to doubt
it. The unanimity with which he informs the
Senate that he was elected Senator is an indica-
tion of the ardent desire of the people of Kansas
that he should represent them here. At the same
time, in the nature of the case, and under the Con-
stitution of the United States, it is impossible that
he should be both brigadier general and a Senator
from Kansas. It is a mere question of fact, which
the Senator, of course, understands as well as I
do; and I suppose he understands perfectly well
that he has not a right on this floor, or elsewhere,
which I would not only be disposed not to take
from him, but would be prompt to give him. It
is a simple question of fact. "Whatever is the
desire of the people of Kansas, if, iu fact, ho has
accepted an office incompatible with the office to
which they elected him, of course he cannot have
both. The acceptance of the second is the vaca-
tion of the first; and although every county from
the northern to the southern boundary of that
State should desire him to be both Senator and
biigadier general, as long as we respect the Con-
stitution of the United States he cannot be both.
If, sir, he is uot brigadier general, he is Senator,
and ought to be Senator, and I want to keep him
a Senator. If, however, he is a brigadier general,
and has acccptcd a commission, and is nowinthe
service of the United Slates, he is not a Senator,
and cannot be a Senator.
My opinion is, that the report of the committee
ought to be printed for the information of the Sen-
ate. If, when the subject comes up for action in
this body, the Senator from Kansas will say that,
in his opinion, the response of the President to
the resolution of the Senator from Indiana bears
on the merits of the case and is important to him,
no one will be more prompt than myself to give a
reasonable time for that response. I think this is
fair, just, and equitable all around, and therefore I
shall vote against the motion to recommit the re-
port to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur very nearly with
what the Senator from Kentucky has said. I
think it would be a singular practicc to recommit
the report with a view of attaching something to
it. The committee make such a report as they
please. The report which has been made by the
committee is not entirely concurred in by me;
and I should have presented my views m the
shape of a minority report had I thought it ma-
terial to do so. But in the view which I take of
the case, the facts presented by the majority will
bring before the Senate sufficientfor my purposes;
and therefoie I did not think proper to embody
my own views, so far as they may differ from
those of the majority, in a written statement.
The committee have majle their i rport; that is an
cntiiety; they ask to have it printed; and it seems
to me the committee is entitled to have it printed;
and if you recommit if, ihe committee will make
such a report as they please; and they may not
embody anything else in it. If somebody else on
on the committee, or if the Senator interested,
desires other papers to be printed, do doubt the
Senate will printthematthe suggestion of a mem-
ber of the committee who may think them neces-
sary for the consideration of the Senate, or at the
suggestion of the Senator.
I do not see how you would accomplish, by
recommitting it, the object that seems to be con-
templated; and I think the proper course is to
order the report to be punted, and also any other
papers 
Mr. FOSTER. The order to pi in t has been
made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I have nothing to
say.
J EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 2, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
lull's run,
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion expressing the sympathy of Congress with
the bereaved families and friends of our soldier^
who have fallen in defense of the Republic/ '
There was no objection; and the resolution was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mi*. COX. I ask that the resolution be now
put on its passage.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Houseof Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled > That we acknowledge
the faithful services and loyal devotion of our soldiers who
have fought and fallen in defending our flag, and iu vindi-
cating the supremacy and majesty of the Republic. Whether
successful, or compelled, by the overwhelming number of
the enemy, to lesign a victory already won, theirgraves are
honored, and history invests their names with unfading re-
nown; and while the national Legislature expresses the
sympathy of the nation for their bereaved families and
liiends, we commend to a generous people and to the Army,
which is now eauer to renew the contest with unyielding
courage, the impeiisliable honor of their example.
The resolution was unanimously ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being on- £
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time, f
and passed. §
FINAL ADJOURNMENT. \ j
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order ^
of business.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGr. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the House, provided the Senate consent
thereto, adjourn sine die to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
mciichan: and further, that this House hereby consents that
the Senate may adjourn also, at such tune as it shall de-
termine upon for that purpose.
Mr. Speaker,.if I have the consent of the House,
I would like to make a statement for a single mo-
ment about that resolution. I oficr it with the
assent of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The supposition seems to have been
with gentlemen who have sent up resolutions for
final adjournment, that this House and the Senate
must necessarily, by the Constitution, adjourn
simultaneously; and I want to bring to the atten-
tion of the House, if I am right, that the Consti-
tution makes no such requisition upon us. There
is at least a question whether such is necessarily
the interpretation of the constitutional provision.
The langurge of the Constitution is, that" neither
House shall, during the session of Congress, with-
out the consent of the other, adjourn for more
than three days, nor to any other place than that
in which the two Houses shall be sitting."
Now, sir, I learn from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that after a bill, which
will be called up presently, be passed, there is
from that committee no othei business to be re-
ported. We know, from experience, that we have
no general business to keep us here. The Senate
may have executive business which itis important
to consider. The object of the lesolution is to ob-
tain the consent of the Senate that we may adjourn
to-morrow at twelve o'clock,meridian, and at the
same time to give to them what the 'Constitution
says they must have; to wit, our consent that
they may adjourn at such time as they shall de-
termine for that purpose; which resolution the
House may think complies with the constitutional
provision, because-we then adjourn with their
consent, and they adjourn with our consent—the
two Houses exchanging consent.
Mr. HUTCHINS, Does not the word " con-
sent,s> in that clause of the Constitution read by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling,] refer to an adjournment from day to
day of one House, dui mg the session of Congress,
instead of to a sine die adjournment of Congress?
Will the gentleman from New York ansvvoi? Is
theie any precedent for this action?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. As to the last
question, I am entirely unable to answer it. I think
the probability is that there is no precedent for •
it, for I can scarcely suppose the case ever arose
before. The only example of a session like this
is that of 1812, when the facts and circumstances,
m a variety of respects, were different from those
now surrounding us. Now, as to the first ques-
tion he puts, I do not, I think, apprehend him;
for, if I do, he asks a question in the teeth of the
Constitution. The Constitution provides that
neither House, during the session of Congress,
shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn
for mnre than three days.
Mr. SPACJLDING. That has reference, not
to a final adjournment, but an adjournment over
