408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
for more than three days during the session of
Congress*
Mr. VANDEVER. When we adjourn, then,
is not Congress adjourned for ail purposes of legis-
lation ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My friend, as I
understand him, asks whether, when this session
is closed by the adjournment of this House, the
session of "Congress is not closed for the transac-
tion of all legislative business? Yes, sir, the le-
gislative functions of Congress would ceasc, but
then the session of the Senate would be for the
consideration of executive business, or any other
business which the other House has the power
without us to consider and determine.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want to say to the gentle-
man, that I desire to report from the Committee
on the Judiciary two bills, which the House may
deem it important to consider, and to take some
time for that purpose; and I desire to state further
that that committee will desire to report one or
two other bills to-morrow.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. For what pur-
pose is this request made by the member from
Ohio ? I want to know for what purpose he asks
me to yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. My desire is to suggest to
the gentleman from New York that he had better
substitute Monday for to-morrow.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is a mat-
ter within the pleasure of this House, which I
have no particular care about. My desire is to
anive at some point 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
for the amendment to substitute Monday for Fri-
day?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I canpot yield
for that purpose.' My object is to arrive at some
mode, if the Constitution allows us to do it, m
which, when we have finished, and completely
finished, all the business before us, we shall be
allowed to ad journ instead of assemblingday after
day to consider questions which I must say, with
great deference, have little to do with the interests
of the Republic.
Mr. EDWARDS. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment, 1 will say a word. X understand
the purport of this resolution to be to enable the
House to make a final adjournment, whether the
Senate continue in session or not. Now, sir, I
supposed that we were being detained here, not
by reason of any general legislation that was de-
sired by the Senate, and which required time, but
to enable the Senate to act on executive business
in relation to appointments, which would fail un-
less the question of confirmation was determined
while both Houses were in session, or, in other
words, while Congress was in session. If that
construction be correct, then we should endanger
the proper performance of the public business by
the adjournment of the Houses separately, flow
this will be, each gentleman will judge according
to his interpetration of our powers as to whether
the Houses have power to adjourn separately. It
seems to me that the question propounded by the
gentleman from Ohio was very pertinent; and if
it had been addressed to me, 1 should have been
constrained to answer that, in my judgment,
the provision of the Constitution adverted to ap-
plies wholly to temporary and not final adjourn-
ments. Either House has the power, during the
session of Congress, to adjourn for one day or two
days by separate action, and it would seem that
the adjournment of one branch for more than
thi ee days by the consent of the other, is through
a power only to be exercised during the session
of Congress, that is within and between both the
termini of a session and not through a power to
make a terminus to the session. If, then, this
provision relates only to temporary adjournments
between the termini of a session, where, I ask,is
there any provision which contemplates a final
adjournment of one House by consent of the
other, or, what is the same thing, the termination
of a session of Congress by the withdrawal of one
branch by consent of the other? None such is to
be found; and I submit to the House, that one
House can terminate a session of Congress as well
without the consent of the other as with, unless
such consent shall be to the final adjournment of
both Houses at the same time. The gentleman's
interpielation I understand is opposed to all pre-
cedents up to this timV, and if we arc to prejudice
the public business by the adoption of the resolu-
tion, or if we are under the circumstances under
which this session has been called to exercise a
doubtful power,itseemstome that the action now
proposed is highly objectionable. It is certainly
incumbent upon the gentleman from New York to
show clearly and satisfactorily to the House that
we possess this power, and also that it is proper
to exercise it under the circumstances; and unless
he shall do so, most surely the resolution ought
not to be adopted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand two
points to be presented by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. In the first place, that commissions
will fail unless confirmed, which commissions
have been issued for appointments required by
the Constitution to be made by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate at
the first session thereafter.
Now, the gentleman's point is, that this pro-
vision means that the confirmations must be made
during the session of both Houses. Let me put
to the gentleman one single proposition in reply.
When the President appoints his Cabinet officers,
and makes other chief appointments, a called
session of the Senate takes place—never of the
House—and those confirmations are made by the
Senate, the Senate sitting alone, and the other
branch of Congress not being in session at all. It
seems to me that there are precedents every four
years in reply to the suggestions of the distin-
guished gentleman from New Hampshire.
Then he says he thinks that, under this clause
of the Constitution, the power of this House to
adopt this resolution is doubtful. 1 want to say,
that I have not said that it is not doubtful. I have
not attempted to be at all confident in asserting
the construction implied by the resolution. I will
say, however, that it is, as I understand, the opin-
ion of some of the best legal minds in the Senate,
and also in this House, that such a construction
is warranted; but I have not stated my opinion
upon the subject, deeming it sufficient to present
the question to the House. But I wish to submit
to the gentleman,if these words, " during the ses-
sion, " have the significance he supposes, they
might as well have been omitted altogether, be-
cause every adjournment must be during some
session of Congress, of course; and if it cannot
adjotfrn and cannot fix the time of adjournment,
then there is no time for its adjournment in its
lifetime. I consider the use of these words purely
restrictive. In the absence of them, either House,
like any court of justice, could adjourn at pleas-
ure; but there being a counterpoise between the
two Houses, therefore, they said that neither
House, without the consent of the other, should
leave the other working alone for more than three
days—of course, during'the session; because, if
it had not been confined to the time which trans-
pired during the session, it would have been an
unnecessarily extended provision.
Mr. EDWARDS. Suppose this House should
adjourn separately, by consent of the Senate, to-
day, and the Senate continue three or four days
longer, by consent of the House: I ask whether
Congress would be in session after to-day ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is the very
point 1 have been endeavoring to present to the
distinguished gentleman, and to others; and, if I
may answer it after the fashion of a Yankee, I
would like to put a question exactly on the other
side. On the 4th of March, when the Senate as-
semble here, under the call of the President, to
confirm the officers of State and the chief envoys
to the Courts of Europe, I would like to know
whether Congress is in session?
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not so regard it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Nor do I, in the
significance of that phrase at large; and, as I un-
swered the gentleman from Ohio, I suppose Con-
gress is in session pro hac vice—that is, that one
half is in session to do all the business belonging
exclusively to it; but I suppose the session of
Congress, in the broad signification of that term,
that is, for the transaction of legislative business,
expires on the final adjournment of this House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to amend
by inserting " Monday'5 in the place of" Satur-
day," and I wish to state, in a word, the reason
i for it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My friend will
allow me a moment; if he knows any reason sat-
isfactory to him, I will accept the amendment
with pleasure.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Very well.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I have not exam-
ined this question with reference to authorities, or
made it a subject of reflection. My first impres-
sion is that the power of adjournment, as contem-
plated by the resolution, is conferred by the terms
of the Constitution. There is, however, this dif-
ficulty in regard to it: when the Senate meets, as
the gentleman from New York says, upon the
4th of March, Congress is not in session—but
only one branch of it—and that branch is lim-
ited, of course, to the transaction of business
peculiar to itself. The Congress of the United
States consists of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. Now,if we adjourn in the manner
proposed in this resolution, with the consent of
the Senate, to the first Monday of December,
Congress is still in session in point of law, or
within the idea of the Constitution, and it is com-
petent for the Senate to prosecute all the business
of Congress just as though the House were in
session, and just as if we adjourned for three
days or less; and all agree that in that case the
Senate may still proceed with its business.
If this position be correct, this House ought
not to consent to one branch of the Legislature
passing important public measures of legislation
and prosecuting business of that character, while
the Representatives peculiarly of the people are
not in session. But for this consideration, I
should be inclined very cheerfully to support the
resolution; for, in common with almost every
other member, 1 am anxious to bring this session
to a close. Believing, then, upon a hasty exam-
ination and without desiring to be committed to
a definite opinion upon the subject, that the House
has the power to ad journ over with the consent
of the Senate, still, inasmuch as the effect would
be to leave the Senate in session for all purposes,
I oppose the resolution. It would be a bad pre-
cedent to establish, and one which the House, in
consideration of its dignity and importance, ought
not to consent to. X submit these suggestions to
the consideration of the gentleman from New
York, and of the House.
Mr. I£ELLEY. Would not the effect of such
an amendment as proposed be, that the nomina-
tions made during the recess, and during this ses-
sion of Congress, would all fall, and have to be
remade by the Executive? Would not an ad-
journment of the House be practically an adjourn-
ment of Congress? On the 4th of March, every
four years, Congress expires, and the Senate is
reconvened for special business—the confirma-
tion of nominations important to be made, and for
other business peculiar to themselves. I under-
stand that the effect of this resolution would be
to let fall every nomination made during the re-
cess, or during the present session.
Mr. LOOMIS. I merely wish to reply to the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania by calling his attention to a clause of
the Constitution at the end of section two:
" The Piesident shall have power to fill all vacancies
that may arise during the recess of the Senate by granting
commissions winch shall expire at the end of their nuxt
session."
That is, the session of the Senate. The only
question would be, whether a session of the Sen-
ate must expire at the same time that a session of
Congress would expire. The Constitution only
names a session of the Senate, and it seems to
me that their session might be construed as con-
tinuing until thcirfinal adjournment, without re-
gard to the adjournment of the House.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am afraid this
debate has become irksome to the House, and cer-
tainly it has extended much further than I in-
tended; but if the House will bear with me, I will
say I take great confidence by what has been said
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandig-
iiam] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] and, I think, with good reason; be-
cause they doubt the power asserted in the reso-
lution, for exactly opposite reasons. The gen-
tleman from Ohio thinks the session does not ex-
pire at all for any purpose; that the Senate have
the right to go on and transact all sorts of busi-
ness. The gentleman from Pennsylvania fears
not only that the session expires, but that, for all
purposes of existence, the Congress dies upon the
adoption of this resolution. I think these are the
two extremes of this question; and I think that
the point which avoids both, is apparently the
