410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
propose to strike out, in the fourth section, all
after the sixth line, as follows:
" And the person whose labor or service is thus claimed
shall be thenceforth discharged therefrom, any law to the
contrary notwithstanding."
And insert in lieu thereof as follows:
And such claim to service or labor shall be confiscated.
Mr. PENDLETON. In the Committee op
the Judiciary, when this bill was considered, it
was understood—and my colleagues on the com-
mittee will bear witness to the truth of the state-
ment—that, in case the substitute should be de-
feated, and the question should come up on the
passage of the Senate bill, it was desirable that
amendments, some vcibal,and some important,
should be piesented.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague will notice
that I have endeavored to carry out that arrange-
ment. It was for that purpose that 1 asked the
.Speaker whether the previous question could not
made to apply only the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, on referring to
the rules, as revised at the last Congress, finds
that, by a special provision, the previous ques-
tion may be called on an amendment simply.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I will call the pre-
vious question upon the substitute simply.
Mr. PENDLETON. Will that preclude amend-
ments to the original bill, if the substitute shall
be rejected by the House?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to sug-
gest this point of order: whether it is not proper
to perfect the original bill before the substitute is
voted upon, and hence whether my amendment is
not now strictly in order to be voted on before
the question is taken on the substitute?
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not under-
stand how that can be done, if the pievious ques-
tion is ordered upon the substitute.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 submit the question to the
Chair, whether the substitute is not to be voted
on under the parliamentary law, after the original
bill shall have been perfected; in other words,
whether the oiigtnal bill is not now before the
House?.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
reported the otigmal bill fioni the Committee on
the Judiciary, with a substitute, and caih'd the
previous question on the substitut". If the pre-
• viouy question is seconded, the vote must first be
taken upon the substitute.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, to enable mc to submit a few
remarks upon tins bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose the gentleman
from Kentucky will be satisfied, if the substitute
is rejected, to submit his remarks upon the origi-
nal bill?
Mr. BURNETT. My objections go equally
to the bill and the substitute; and I should be glad
to say what I have to Say at this time.
Mr. BINGHAM, i must decline to withdraw
the demand for the previous for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLLFEE. 1 have not been able to
ascertain what has been going on. I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
whether it is the design of this bill to confiscate
the property of citizens in persons described there
where they may be found at labor of any descrip-
tion which can be connected with war, except the
carrying of arms? Suppose my negroes—I being
a national man and a Union man—are taken with-
out my leave and agonist my consent, to duve
teams and carry provender to the rebel aimy: aie
my nc<noes to be confiscated?
Mr. BINGHAM. J will state, in reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Kentucky, that
this bill is drafted—the original bill as well as the
substitute—m such a manner as expressly to pre-
clude such a construction*, because both the ori-
ginal hill and the substitute limit the penalties
prescribed to such persons as are engaged m this
lebellion by their own jet.
Mr. BURNETT. Exactly. Let me ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield the lloor for that
purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. I could only gather, from
hearing the substitute read, what arc the terms
on which it is drawn. I do not know that I dis-
tinctly understand it. Now, let me ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the Senate bill does
not apply to all slaves who may be owned by
persons now in this rebellion, and to their ser-
vices in any wise used in aiding this rebellion,
without limitation ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I state, unhesitatingly, that
the Senate bill does no such thing, for it has lim-
itation—that such services must be by the direct
act of the owner himself; by the direct act of the
owner, or by the act of his agent or employe
Mr. BURNETT. That is the point to which
I wish to call the attention of tl^e House.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, Us Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a joint resolution (No.
15) requesting the President of the United States
to recommend a day of public humiliation, fast-
ing, and prayer, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrcnce of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bills
of the following titles:
A bill (No. 80) authorizing the construction of
twelve small side-wheel steamers; and
A bill (No. 100) to suspend in part the opera-
tion of an act entitled 44 An act relating to revenue
cutters and steamers," the latter without and the
former with an amendment, m which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the President pro tempore of the Sen-
ate had appointed Mr. Sherman of Ohio, and
Mr. Clark of New Hampshire, commissioners
on the part of the Senate, under the act providing
a commission to examine and report as to the
compensation of all officers of the Government,
and for other purposes, approved July 31, 1861.
CONFISCATION ACT—-AGAIN. X |
The question recurred on the substitute pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary, and it
was rejected.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment in lieu of the first section of the Senate bill:
Whereas the Pio-sideiUof tlic United States 1ms declared,
by proclamation, that the laws of the United Slates arc
opposed, and tlie evocation thereof obstructed, by eombi-
naii.ms too powoitul to bo biipprossi'd by the ordinary
eoui^e of judicial piooredinirs oi by llie power vo&ttd in
the niai^hala by law: Theicloie,
Be it eiurrtc! hy th c Senate am! Home of Representatives
of the. (Jailed iu'lutes r> f ^'harrira in Congress astemhled, That
iVany pet-on or pennon.--, hi-, her, or their aii'Mit, attorney,
or employe, hbnll pmchaj-c or ncqunc, yell or give, any
pmpnty of \vhsit«ocv<M Kind oi dc-euption, with intent to
use or employ the same, or >ntler the t>anir to be used or
employed, in anlmji, abetnnir, or pioniothig the present
m-micenon or loiM.inee to the law*.oi to <ud any pei&on
ovpoi-on^ engaged thejrin; onl any poison or poisons
brin'„f the ounei oi ownei-. of any Mich piopeity, shall
knowingly u-e oi einplov, or consent lo the U"«e or employ-
ment ot the -,mie a-, atbio-sanl, nil .-ueb peopmty is hereby
dcel.ued to be lauiul Mihjeetof prize and eaptuie whciever
louml; and it -hall Ik- the duty of the I'te^ulentot the Uni-
ted States 10 eau'-e the same to be seized, confiscated,and
condemned.
1 demand the previous question on the amend-
ment.
Mr. VALLANDIGEJAM. T rise to a question
of order. The point of order I make is this: that
this bill is excluded by the terms of the resolution
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will recollect
that all questions of a judicial character are in-
eluded from the operations of that resolution.
This, the Chair takes it, is a judicial measure.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM*. Is everything of
a judicial Character which comes from the Com-
mittee on the Judicial^?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
resolution of the gentleman from Indiana read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u Resolved, Thai the Flou^e, dming the present session,
will only consider bilH and resolution^ concerning the
imiitaty and iaw,tl opeiatlons ot the Government, and the
linaneril atfasrs therewith connected, and genera! questions
ot a judicial chai;icter.*;
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that this
bill is one of a judicial character.
Mr. VALLANDlGIiAM. Butnotajudicious
one.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a single
explanation of this amendment, so that it may be
fully understood by the members of this House.
The original bill, Mr. Speaker, as it came from
the Senate, and was referred to the committee, ap-
plied alike to all cases of insurrection or rebellion
against the lawful authority of the United States;
but the effect of the amendment which 1 have
just offered, and upon which I ask a vote of the
House, is to limit the operations of the bill, by-
express terms, to the present, insurrection or re-
sistance to the laws of the United States. Those
words have been inserted as a part of my amend-
ment, thereby limiting the operation of the bill to
the present insurrection, leaving every other in-
surrection to be taken care of by itself. 1 demand
the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call for the
reading of the fourth section of the bill.
The fourth section of the Senate bill was read,
as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enaderi) That whenever any
person claiming to be entitled to the service or labor of any
other person,'under the Jaws of any State, shall employ
such person in aiding or promoting any insunection, or in
resisting the laws of the United States, or shall permit hi tu
to be so employed, lie shall forfeit all right to such seivice
or labor, and the peison whose labor or service is thus
claimed shall be thencefoitb discharged therefrom,any law
to the contiary notwithstanding.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope I may
have an opportunity to move to insert, after the
word " that," where it first occurs in that section,
the words "during the present rebellion."
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to let-
ting that amendment come in.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It will make the
section more clear and definite.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist on my demand for
the previous question 011 my.amendment to the
first section of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will, make a brief state-
ment. The Senate bill is a general sweeping decla-
ration that—
Whenever any person claiming to be entilled to the ser-
vice or labor oi' any otiier person, under the laws of any
State, b-liall employ Mich peiiun in aiding 01 pi omotmis any
liibUirection, or in resisting the law-, ot" the United States,
oi sliutl permit lnm to Ite so employed, he shall forfeit, ali
right lo fcucll service 01 labor, and the potion wlKwe labor
or service is tlm= claimed shall be thencotbith disehaigod
tlierelrom, any law to the contrary iiotwitli*taiidins!.
Mr. BURNETT. As I understand it, any per-
son who shall employ slaves in aiding or promot-
ing this insurrection, or 111 resisting the laws of
the United States——
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no such language
as that 111 the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. The use of a slave, by au-
thority of the owner, in any mode which will tend
to aid or promote this insurrection,-will entitle
that slave to his freedom.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it will.
Mr. BURNETT. Now wo understand caeh
other. I ask the gentleman whether this hill is
not to be construed by, the executive authorities
of thcbGovernment?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I undertake to say
that this provision is like many others now stand-
ing upon our statute-books subject to judicial de-
cision. Itis simply an actwhich may beeomethe
subject of adjudication in the courts as between
the owner of a person so employed and the person
so claimed.
Mr. BURNETT. That is what the gentleman
says, but does it not mislead the House? On a
certain state of facts to be assumed, and they are
to a certain cxtentset out in the bill, then the con-
tingency occurs upon which the slave is entitled to
his freedom. Whenever that question is se.ttled
by judicial procedure hereafter, the slave sets up
the'fact that he was used in any way 
- Mr. BINGHAM. By his master.
Mr. BURNETT. Or with his consent, or the
consent ofhisagent,in any mode whatever. Then
that negro is entitled to his freedom.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, that amounts to a
wholesale emancipation of the slaves in the seced-
ing or rebellious States.
Mr. PORTER. Does the demand for the pre-
vious question apply to the whole bill ?
The SPEAKER. It, does not; but merely
applies to the pending amendment.
Mr. PORTER. At the proper time, I wish to
offer a substitute for the entire bill, which, I think,
will obviate all objection to this measure.
Mr. BINGHAM. One word in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky. In the first place, I
undertake to say that this law, as i saij^before,
