1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
will be subject to judicial construction, as a mat-
ter of necessity. 'I undertake to say that no just
court m America will ever construe this fourth
section, if it becomesa law, to the effect that, be-
cause it happens that citizens of the United States
residing in a seceding State hold slaves, this law
amounts to an emancipation of their slaves. I
deny that that was the intention of the law, or
that it will bear any such construction by a court
of justice. I assert, further, that the very words
of the statute eschew any such construction. By
the express words of the act it is limited in its
effect to those persons who themselves, by their
own direct acts, for the purpose of overturning
the powers of the Government, employ, or con-
sent that others shall employ, the services of their
slaves to that end. Does the gentleman complain
that the Congress of the United States shall pro-
vide by law that any person owning slaves within
his own State of Kentucky, who shall feloniously
employ them in insurrection within his own State
against the combined authority of the United
States and of the State of Kentucky, for the de-
struction of his own life, or the lives of his kin-
dred and friends, shall be so tenderly cared for
that he shall not forfeit his control over his slaves?
I aver that a traitor should not only forfeit his
slave, but he should forfeit his life as well. A
traitor justly forfeits both life and property.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman propounds
to me the question whether X am willing that the
slaves shall be used against the authority of the
United States? This is what I object to: that
when you pass a law in reference to property, you
should take one species of property and put it
upon a different footing from another. This Con-
gress has no power, ana the power exists nowhere
in this Government, to set at liberty the slaves
now held in bondage in the slave States; and when
Congress undertakes to confiscate slave property,
that species of property should bo put upon the
very same basis as all other property confiscated
by the General Government. Let me. state a case
to the gentleman, and ask him a question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman 
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot yield now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Kentucky wishes the indulgence of the House to
go on; and he should extend that indulgence to
others.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman should allow
me to finish first what I have to say.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I want the gentleman
from Kentucky to do to me as the gentleman from
Ohio has done to him.
Mr. BURNETT. I am a citizen of the State
of Tennessee, which is now one of the rebellious
States; I own slaves; I use those slaves upon my
farm in the culture of tobacco, wheat, and the
usual products of that State; they make coin and
wheat and hay; and I take those things, the prod-
ucts of slave labor, and sell them to that rebel army.
Now, the gentleman is a lawyer, and will he say
that, by the provisions of this bill, my slaves are
not entitled to their freedom?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think, when the gentleman
sells his produce to the rebels, ho ought to forfeit
all he has.
Mr. BURNETT. Exactly; and that is this bill.
Mr. MAY. Will the gentleman allow me 
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, but I am willing
to yield for a brief statement.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. MAY. I would inquire whether gentle-
men upon the other side of the House are to have
the privilege of expressing their views, and then
they will not grant the same privilege to a mem-
ber of the .iudiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot yield if any membpr ob jects.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must insist upon the de-
mand for the previous question,if anygentlcman
objects to my yielding.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am but slightly ac-
quainted with the rules of the House, but I sup-
posed the previous question had been, substan-
tially, withdrawn by the gentleman who made it,
by entering into an argument with half a dozen
gentlemen upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
unless the demand is withdrawn, no debate is in
uider.A.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to permit the gentle-
man from Kentucky to proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall occupy the time
of the House but a very few moments. Mr.
Speaker, it has been conceded in all time, I believe,
that the Federal Government, the Congress of the
United States, had no power to legislate upon the
subject of slavery within the States. It has been
conceded that that was a subject for State legis-
lation only. Does warchange the powers of Con-
gressin this respect ? It is the absence of all power
upon the subject which has prevented your legis-
lation. Absence of all power of legislation in time
of peace must be the absence of the same power
at all times. The constitutional power of this
House does not come and go with a change of
circumstances. That is a fixed rule of Congress,
permanent, immutable, and made to govern Con-
gress. Now, sir, if you can legislate in regard
to slavery in this instance, and if you can, upon
certain conditions in time of war, destroy the right
of the master to his slave, why cannot you, upon
conditions, in time of peace do the same thing?
You do it here because the slave is employed to
aid the master in the commission of a great crime,
that is, the uniting in a civil war. Could you not
apply the piinciple to times of peace, and make
the conditions then ? If a master uses his slave
to aid in the commission of a trespass, or it may
be a murder, can you declare that to be a suffi-
cient cause for the liberation of the slave? Why
can you not? Because you have now power by
your Constitution to touch slavery at all.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky allow me to ask him
a question ? I ask him whether, according to the
laws of war, it would not be competent for the
Government to forfeit the owneiship of a horse
found in the use of the enemy in war?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You are making a pos-
itive law here which the gentleman says may
come, and probably will come, before the judici-
ary for interpretation ;and the first question which
will arise there is, " is the law consistent with the
Constitution.''" and that is the question I am dis-
cussing now. Whether there is a more latitu-
dtnous power given by a state of war, is not the
question now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I would inquire if a
law which would forfeit the ownership of a horse
would not forfeit the title to a negro found en-
gaged 111 military service?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am speaking to a par-
ticular question, and not answering supposititious
cases. 1 say, in relation to slavery, that Congress
never had any power of legislation within the
States; and, no longer ago than last session, this
body and the Senate, by a majonty of two thirds,
were willing to make that a provision of the Con-
stitution, when nobody had ever demanded it.
Now, sir, I am not inquiring, nor am I pre-
pared to make an argument, as to powers in a
state of war, as to national law, world-wide law.
I am interposing a positive statute, and I say if
there is no power to do this thing in time of peace,
there is no such power at any time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Kentucky knows my high appreciation of
his judgment and opinion, and I wish to make
this suggestion : while we concede that there is
no power to interfere with the right to hold slaves
in Kentucky, I suggest to him whether it is not
competent to forfeit the claim that a man has to
his slaves for treason in the master, m the same
way that he would forfeit his claim to liis horse,
and yet not at all conflict with, or abrogate the
law that authorizes the holding of slaves? I deny
any disposition on my own part to interfere with
the laws of the States in reference to holding
slaves, but I insist upon our power to make a for-
feiture of the right to service or labor of a person
or the title to a horse, when the master of one, or
the owner of the other, has become a traitor to
his country, and uses that propeity or right for
the destruction of the Government. I wish the
gentleman to make a distinction between the right
a master has, and the idea of abrogating the State
law of Kentucky, for instance, allowing him to
hold slaves; and that is the point to which 1 wish
to call his attention,
Mr, CRITTENDEN. The gentleman knows
liovv highly I appreciate him and his good opin-
ion, and his opinion on this and all other subjects.
But I answer the gentleman in the "same general
terms in which he argues his case. If you have
no power, there the question ends. Well, have
you a power* to legislate concerning a slave in
Kentucky, as to his rights present or future?
Have you a right to impose any terms or condi-
tions on the master, in time of peace, on which
the slave shall be entitled to his liberty?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My idea on that
point is simply this: that the citizen of Kentucky,
like the citizen of any State, by an infraction of
law—of the highest law of the country—is liable
to penalties and forfeitures. It operates on the
person to forfeit his right by his own crime, and
does not at all attack.or invalidate the right'to
hold slaves or abolish slavery in Kentucky. It
operates as a forfeiture on the person for his crime
in precisely the same way as it operates as a for-
feiture on other kind of property.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will proceed to make
the few remarks which I intended to do on this
subject. I say, if you have no powerdirectly, no
matter what the advantages of the exercise of that
power would be, no matter how just, no matter
how necessary to the preservation of the Union,
you cannot legislate about it for want of power.
That is my point. You cannot make a general
law that shall regulate slavery, that shall regulate
the rights of the master or the rights of the ser-
vant in a State of this Union, in time of peace.
That will be admitted, I think. You cannot pun-
ish any crime in the State; that is for the State.
It is a part of its interior police. It is the law,
and you were willing to put it in the Constitution
as a tiling never denied. Now, I ask my friend
if this bill is not getting around that, making use
of a state of war, of a state of things that highly
excites us all ? In adopting this indiscreet and
unadvised legislation, arc \vc not trying, under
plausible circumstances, to insinuate our jurisdic-
tion m a manner which, on the same principle,
must apply to place the slavery of the South (and
will it not be so understood) completely in the
power of Congress ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I appreciate the
suggestion, that m times like these of very great
excitement and great danger to our country, we
are liable, and perhaps likely, to indulge in mdis-
cieet legislation, and that that should be kept
steadily in view. I have endeavored by my amend-
ment so to modify the bill that it shall be under-
stood by the country as not affecting the institu-
tion of slavery in the States. I repeat that we
have no more power to legislate on the subject of
slavery in time of war than we have in time of
peace. If a citizen of the United States commits
high tieason, or any other great crime known to
tile law, it is competent for the United States Le-
gislature, if the crime be within its cognizance,
(and treason is,) to provide for the forfeiture and
confiscation of the offender's property. And it is
because he is a criminal before the law that I pro-
pose that his horses, his houses, his lands, his
mules, his cannon, yea, his right to service in
another, shall be confiscated; not annulling the
law by which he holds it: for that is a matter
which neither in war nor in peace can we reach.
But because of the crime, we may either in war
or peace impose the penalty of the confiscation of
the offender's right to hold property, or of the
right to the service and labor of another. Tins
bill is put on the ground of confiscation, on the
ground of forfeiture. It provides a penalty for
crime, operating on the individual, not on the law;
on the individual, not on the institution of slavery;
on the individual, no't on the policy of the State.
So far as that as concerned, I do think that the
right to hold slaves, the right to the labor or ser-
vice of others, is no higher right in the State of
Kentucky than the right to hold land or horses.
The forfeiture works only as a penalty for the
crime; and 1 think my friend from Kentucky will
see the distinction.between the infliction of a pen-
alty on an offender, and the abrogation of a State
law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, it is the
crime against which we are legislating that irri-
tates and provokes us to extremity m our legis-
lation oil this subject. We have a power in all
cases within our jurisdiction to try persons in our
courts for the crime alleged against them; and all
the consequences which the law annexes under
the Constitution follow the judgment.
