1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
As I understand it, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary yields only for his colleague
to move an amendment, and not for a specch.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want my colleague to
move his amendment. It was agreed in the com-
mittee that opportunity should be afforded for
the presentation of these amendments. But I
hope my colleague will not branch off into a pro-
tracted argument.
^ Mr. PENDLETON. I shall not take up the
time of the House by considering the general
policy of the bill. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] has done that already.
The vote which was given just now on laying
the bill upon the tabic shows the temper of the
House; that it is determined in some shape or
other to carry out the principle embraced in the
bill; and I propose, without dwelling upon the
question of public policy connected with the bill,
to address myself to certain matters which I think
ought to commend themselves even to those who
are m favor of its general principles. Now, sir,
for my part, I think that the whole policy of the
bill is wrong. I think, by whatever name this
affair be called, whether rebellion, insurrection,
or war, that it is nevertheless a war, and that it
is the duty of the United States to carry it on—as
vigorously as gentlemen please—in accordance
with those rules which Christian civilization has
prescribed to mitigate the cruelties of war. I
think, sir, it is necessary for us now to determine
either that those men who are in rebellion against
the United States are public enemies, so that they
shall be treated by us in accordance with the laws
of war as prescribed by the law of nations; or
that they are citizens of the United States, sub-
ject to all of the penalties which attach to them
by the law of treason, and likewise entitled to all
of the benefits and guar^htees which the Consti-
tution of the United States prescribes for every
citizen, however criminal he may be. 1 think
we should enter upon the consideration of that
question now; and having made up our minds to
treat them in one capacity or the other, we should
follow that determination to its logical and.legiti-
mate conclusion; that we should not hold them to
be public enemies for one purpose, that is, to de-
prive them of the guarantees which the Constitu-
tion gives them; and hold them to be citizens, in
ordei to inflict upon them the penalties which the
law prescribes for a citizen. Sir, I said that I
would not trouble the House with the discussion
of that question, and with this single remark I
leave it.
Mr. Speaker, I address myself to the consider-
ation of this .bill because it applies to the State
in which I live, to the State of New York or Mas-
sachusetts, as well as it does to any of the south-
ern States, the masses of whose people a*re said to
be in rebellion. It is because it goes home to me
and to you, and to every man here, whenever any
of his neighbors may choose to suspect him of
disloyalty, that I deem proper to consider it.
This bill provides, sir, that any person who shall
acquire or sell property, with intent to use it, or
who shall permit his property of any kind to be
used for the purpose of carrying on, or assisting
to carry on—in aiding, or abetting, or promoting
an insurrection and resistance to the law, shall—
what? Be made the lawful subject of prize and
capture. Will any gentleman tell me what that
means? Do gentlemen understand what is the
meaning of that language as it is interpreted by
all the adjudications on the subject? Tell me who
it is that can make the seizure of a lawful prize?
Tell me who it is that has the right under lan-
guage such as that, if it be carried into the statute-
book, to seize property, the owner of which is
suspected of having used it in aiding rebellion?
Sir, I affirm it without fear of contradiction, that
by the law recognized in the United States, as well
as by the law administered in every prize court in
Christendom, the seizure of lawful prizes may be
made not only by public armed vessels, but by
private armed" vessels; and not only by private
armed vessels, but by every private individual be-
longing to the nation which authorizes the capture.
I say, sir, that every man belonging to the nation
under whose aulhoiity the prize is made, has a
lawful right to capture the vessel, if it be a vessel,
or property of whatsovor kind, and carry it before
a court for condemnation. I say, that if this hill
is passed into a law, it will be competent under it
for every man, for every private individual, who-
soever he may be, who suspects his neighbor has
property which he has allowed to be used to aid
rebellion, to sei^e that property and a carry it be-
fore the district attorney, in order that he may
commence proceedings of condemnation.
Now, I put it to gentlemen whether they are will-
ing to pass a law which shall set every man, upon
a mere allegation of suspicion, without or with
good ground,withoutorwithreason,to capture the
property of his neighbor and carry it whitherso-
ever he please, in order that it may be condemned
by a prize court? But what else follows? The
ordinary rights regulating prize captures a're made
for a condition of war. It is lawful for the party
whose property is sought to be captured to resist.
It is expected that he will resist. It carries no
offense with it. I want gentlemen to determine
whether, under the language of this bill, a man
who is suspected of having used his property in
aiding a rebellion is expected to resist the capture
by a private individual; whether his property is to
be seized, and he is to submit to its being seized,
by every individual who chooses to do so ? Is he
to submit, or can he hold the captor as a tres-
passer, and as a trespasser can he repulse him,
even though it may be to the death?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to indi-
cate my purpose to the gentleman, and see if he
will not yield. I think this is a matter which de-
serves great consideration and discussion, and I
design to move to recommit this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PENDLETON. An application was
made to me by another gentleman that I would
yield the floor to allow bun to sudmit that mo-
tion; but, inasmuch as I am not certain that that
motion will carry, I propose to conclude what 1
have to say, and when 1 have done I will yield
to either of the gentlemen to submit that motion.
I am aware, sir, that there is a provision in this
bill which says it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent to cause the property to be seized, confis-
caated, and condemned. 13ut I say that the pro-
vision which gives to the President the power, or
enjoins upon him the duty, does not deprive any
individual of the right which he has under the
general law regulating this subject, himself to
execute it. Now, I want to know whether the
House is prepared to pass a law which shall per-
mit a citizen of the State of New York to enter
upon the property of a neighbor whom he may
choose to suspect of making arms for the rebel
army, without warrant and without authority of
law, and seize that property and carry it before a
judge to have it condemned? And if it is not con-
demned, what is to be the result? After the owner
has suffered loss and his property has depreciated
in value, what is to become of it? It may be re-
turned to him and that is all. Jt may be, or it may
not be, that he has a remedy in damages; but at
best the only remedy is against the captor. But
is that any sufficient guarantee of the right a man
has to retain his property until it shall be taken
from him by due course of law? I say there is
no reason—even admitting the principle of the bill
to be correct, which I deny—if the law is to be
executed in any loyal State, or in any State which
shall not, by the President, be declared to be in
rebellion, why it should not be executed in the
ordinary mode—by warrant, supported by an
affidavit of probable cause.
The amendment which I propose to offer, and
which I shall offer, seeks to obviate these two ob-
jections. In ail the States of the Union where the
people are not in armed resistance to the United
States, where the ordinary laws are in full force,
where the courts are in full operation, there "is no
reason why the full guarantees of the Constitution
should not be secured to citizens; and my amend-
ment is intended to provide that no seizure shall
take place except upon warrant.
It contains another provision, which I do not
entirely approve of, but which 1 have added that
it may not be said that I desire by indirection t<5
defeat the bill entirely. That provision is, that in.
the States where the judicial tribunals are not in
operation, where it may be said that wai rants can-
not be issued, the seizure shall only be made by
officers appointed under the hand of the President
and the seal of the United States. It is also in-
tended to provide that even in those States private
individuals shall not be permitted to execute alaw
of this kind, so liable to abuse, but that the seizure
shall be made by responsible officers especially
intrusted by the President with this power and
duty. 1 now offer the following amendment by-
way of a substitute for the third section of the
bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strikeout all after the enacting words of the section, and
insert:
That no seizure under this act shall be made within any
district not declared by the President in his proclama-
tion In a state of insurrection, except upon a warrant duly
issued as in other cases of arrest or seizure for offenses
against the laws of the United States; and that no seizure
under this act shall be made in any district so declared by
the President in his proclamation to be in a state of insur-
rection, except by persons authorized by the President, by
wairant under his hand and the seal of the United States;
and immediately alter sueh capture, it shall be the duty of
the dihtiict attorney of the district in which such pioperty
may at the tune be, to institute proceedings of condemna-
tion by filing an information describing accurately the prop-
city, and setting forth the tacts of the ease, and the name
of the owner. Notice of the proceedings shall be given
to the owner by seiviug upon hun personally a copy of the
inloj mat ion, if possible; it that be not possible, then by pub-
lication lor toui weeks daily in a newspaper of general cir-
culation in that district; and it at the trial the fact of such
employment shall not be pioven, the propeity shall be re-
stoieil to the owner at the place wheie it was taken ; if it
shall be pioven, the property shall be sold under an order of
the court to the highest bidder, and one half of the proceeds
shall go to the mfoimer.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to appeal to
the gentleman from Ohio to yield me the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. My colleague, [Mr.
Bingham,] 1 believe, objects to my yielding the
floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I had no desire to cut off
reasonable debate, and I yielded to my colleague
for a particular purpose.
Mi. PENDLETON. My colleague objects to
my yielding the floor to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, or to any other gentleman.
Novy, in order to accommodate two of my col-
leagues upon the Judiciary Committee, I move to
recommit the bill to that c.ommittee;and upon that
motion 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
if he will not withdraw the call for the previous
question, for the purpose of enabling me to males
an explanation >
Mr. PENDLETON. If the House will con-
sent that I shall hold the floor and hear the explan-
ationof the gentleman, I willdoso with pleasure*
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, objected.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman will re-
new the call for the previous question, I will yield
to him.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 will do so. I wish to say that
I will not yield to any man in devotion to this
Union. There is no measure for carrying on this
war effectually, according to the usages of civil-
ized warfare, but shall have my cordial support.
If, sir, I know my own heart, I have no desire
to survive this Union. If it go down in blood,
may my blood mingle with that of those who fall I
That, if I know my own heart, is my prayer to-
day. But, sir, I complain of the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee m seeking to place me in an
attitude which is by no means enviable. The
gentleman, in his remarks, said: "Shall the pro-
visions of this bill be opposed—shall men be op-
posed to taking the guns, the powder, the rifled
cannon,and the balls that are shooting down our
brave mpn?"—thereby putting us who vote against
this bill in the category of those who are opposed
i to seizing the cannon and munitions of war with
| which the enemy is fighting the nation. Sir, I
: vote against this bill, and yet I will not yield to
| the gentleman who reported the bill in a fervent
i advocacy of any measure for putting down this
i rebellion. Sir, ( am for taking the cannon, the
| powder, and the balls, and everything which the
| enemy are employing in this rebellion. But how
take it? Take it under the provisions of this bill?
Do gentlemen consider the nonsense of the prop-
osition ? This is a civil law; to be executed, if ex-
ecuted at all, by civil process. Take rifled cannon
! by civil process! Take the bullets and powder and
| magazines of the enemy by civil process! Do you
! propose to send your marshals to the seceding
' States with process toseizeand condemn the rifled
cannon and munitions of war? Every man sees
the absurdity of that proposition. These muni-
tions of war, if taken at till, are to be taken by the
force of war. War has its own laws. We cannot
add to or diminish them by any civil enactment
that we may make. We cannot affect them by
any statutes we can pass.
