1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be free." God forbid that I should ever agree
that they should be returned again to their mas-
ters ! I do not say that this war is made for that
purpose ! Ask those who made the war what is
its object. Do not ask us. I did not like the
resolution of the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] because it looked
like an apology from us in saying what were the
objects of the war, when we had no business to
be asking questions. Ask those who made the
war what is its object—a war, sir, which has been
contemplated for thirty yeats, and which we aie
now to apologize for, and to say that we shall
make it for certain purposes, when we do not make
it at.all. Our object is to subdue the rebels.
But it is said that if we hold out this thing, they
will never submit—that we cannot conquer them—
that they will suffer themselves to be slaughtered,
and their whole country to be laid waste. Sir,
war is a grievous thing at best, and civil war more
than any other; but if they hold this language,
and the means which they have suggested must
be resorted to, if their whole country must be laid
waste, and made a desert, in order to save this
Union from destruction, so let it be. I would
rather, sir, reduce them to a condition where their
whole country is to be repeopled by a band of
freemen than to see them perpetrate the destruc-
tion of this people through our agency. I do not
say that it is time to resort to such means, and I
do not know when the time will come; but 1 never
fear to express my sentiments. It is not a question
with me of policy, but a question of principle.
If this war is gontinued long, and is bloody, 1 do
not believe that the free people of the North will
stand by and see their sons and brothers and
neighbors slaughtered by thousands and tens of
thousands by rebels, with arms in their hands,
and forbear to call upon their enemies to be our
friends, and to help us in subduing them; I for
one, if it continues long, and has the consequences
mentioned, shall be ready to go for it, let it hor-
rify the gentleman from New York [Mr. Diven]
or anybody else. That is my doctrine, and that
will £>e the doctrine of the whole free people of
the North before two years roll round, if this war
continues.
As to the end of the war, until the rebels are
subdued, no man in the North thinks of it. If
the Government are equal to the people, and 1
believe they are, there will bo no bargaining, there
will be no negotiation, there will be no truces with
the rebels, except to bury the dead, until every
man shall have laid down his arms, disbanded his
organization, submitted himself to the Govern-
ment, and sued for mercy. And, sir, if those who
have the control of the Government arc not lit for
this task and have not the nerve and mind for it,
the people will take care that there are others who
are—although, sir, I have not a bit of fear of the
present Administration or of the present Exec-
utive.
£ have spoken more freely, perhaps, than gen-
tlemen within my hearing might think politic, but
I have spoken just what 1 felt. I have spoken
what I believe will be the result; and 1 warn south-
ern gentlemen, that if this war is to continue, there
will be a time when my fiiend from New York
[Mr. Diven] will see it declared by this free na-
tion, that every bondman in the South—belonging
to a rebel, recollect; I confine it to them—shall be
called upon to aid us in war against their masters,
and to restore this Union. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a single question?
Mr. FENTON. I object, if the previous ques-
tion be not withdrawn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order while
the demand for the previous question is pending.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Pendleton's
motion to recommit.
Mr. LOGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Focke and
Dawes were appointed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Does not the
previous question exhaust itself on a motion to
recommit?
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is only ex-
hausted with the third reading of the bill.
The House divided; and thciewere—ayes 69,
noes 48.
Mr. FENTON demanded the-yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. They have already been re-
fused. *The bill is recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that the
motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordcied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays Gl; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Aneona, Joseph I'ailv, Baker,
George II. Browne, Dmuetr, Calveit, Cobb, Uoscoe Conk-
ling, Coming, Cok, Utaven^, Crittenden, Delano. Diven,
Duel}, Dunlap, Dunn, English, tVher, Fouke,' Gridcr,
Haight, IJale, Hardmsr, Ilanison, IJolman, Horton, Jack-
son, Johnson, William Keilo«<;, Law, Lcary, Logan, May,
McClein.md,iMi,Kiiisjlil, Malkuy, Mensies?, Mooiiiead,Moi-
ri?, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Odell, Porter, Ueid, Alexander
H. Rice, Jtichatdson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Sheffield,
Shellabaisei, Sheii, Smith,John U. Steele, Stiatton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Vailandigham,
Vooiheep, Wadsworth, Waul. Webster, Whaley, Chil-
ton A. White, Wicklifie, YVocfthuff. Woicestei, and
Wright—71.
NAYS—Aldrioh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Gold-
sm^h F. llailey, Baxter, Beaman, Bmgliam, Francis P.
Blair, Samuel S. Bhur, Blake, Buthnton, Campbell, Cham-
beilam, Clark, Colfax, Fiedenck'A. Conkling, Covode,
Davis, Dawes, Edward1-', Eliot, Fonton, Fessenden, Fian
chot, Fiank, Gooch, Gianger, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loouns, Lovejoy, McKean,
Mitchell, Anson P. Mori ill, Justin S. Monill, Ohn, Pike,
Pomeioy, Potter, John 11. Usee, Riddle, Edward ll.llollm?,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman, Spauldmg, Stevens, Trow-
bihlge, Vandevei, Van Horn, Van Valkcnbuigh, Verreo,
Wall, Chat less W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Albeit S. White,
and Windom—Gl.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
MESSAGE mOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. pATT0N,0nc of its clcrks, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 5, to pay to
the widow of Stephen A. Douglas the amount
due him as Senator at the time of his death.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled Senate bill No. 3, providing
for the better organization of the military estab-
lishment; when the Speaker signed the same.
\S ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the following re-
port of a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on House bill No. 5i, entitled "An act to
piovide increased lcvcnuctiom irnpoit-?, to pay the interest
on the public debt, and for other pinposes," lntvin§ met,
after full and ftee conference have agieed toieconimend
to rlieir respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate iceede fiom their amendments to the
said bill.
The committee agree to the. following as a substitute.
J. F. RlMMONri,
J. COLLAMEIt,
Manage) s on the jnrl of ihe Senate.
" T li -YD I) !•: CJS STEVENS,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
EPvASTUS CORNTNC,
Managers on the 'pad of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I think 1 can make the House
understand whatchanges have been made, with-
out reading the substitute. The committee tool;
up the House revenue bill as the foundation of
their action. They altered that in a slight degree
by reducing the duty on coffee from 5 to 4 cents
per pound; on cocoa, from 5 to 3 cents; on sugar,
from 2| to 2 cents; on chiecory, from 2 to 1 cent;
and upon ground ehiccary, irom 4 to 2 cents.
The committee have also added so much of the
revenue or tariff bill of the Senate as referred to
liquors, thereby ad dim;- 25 cents per gallon to
brandy, making- the duty fil 25 per gallon, and
adding to the duty on other spirituous liquors 10
cents per gallon, and on wine 10 per cent, ad
valorem, making that 50 per cent, ad valorem.
The committee then took up the House bill lay-
ing a direct tax. I may as well say here that,
although this was done with reluctance by the
committee on the part of the House, yet the Sen-
ate committee were of opinion that they could not
get along well without uniting the two bills, and,
as there was no particular 'objection to it, the
House committee agreed to -it. They-took; the
direct tax bill as it was sent to the .Senate; and
made no essential alteration in it, confining them-
selves entirely to verbal amendments which were
necessary. The committee then took'up the in-
come tax bill of the Senate. That income tax
was not as burdensome as the House provision.
Take a farm, for instance, and from-the income
thereof you deduct first all the taxes which are
paid thereon, both national and local, before you
reach the income upon which the income tax is
to bo levied; and then no income tax is to be
levied upon incomes of less than $800. The House
made it $600. After deducting the national and
local taxes and the $800, we impose an income
tax of three per cent, upon the residue. WhereN
persons reside abroad who hold property in this j
country on which they derive an income, which J
they spend abroad, we have laid an income tax i
of five per cent. We thought it right that theyf
should bear more of the burden of the country?
than those who spend their income in the United#*'
States. **
We have provided that in all the States which
shall assume the direct taxes as provided in the
bill, there shall be none of the machinery which
was required in the House bill; and even in those
which do not, we have provided for putting into
operation the system proposed by the Senate,
which is, not to have a large number of office-
holders appointed, but that, as the income tax is
to be assessed upon a small number of persons in,
each State, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
appoint one assessor and collector in each of the
States, and he shall appoint such assistants as he
thinks neccssary, to collect the income tax. The
compensation which is to be allowed to the prin-
cipal assessor and collector is not to exceed $2,500
per annum, and that of the agents not exceeding
$1,200. We thereby reduce the allowance which
was proposed by the House.
Upon the whole, although it will be perceived
that the House has thrown oft' a revenue of some
four million dollais from what their bill would
have produced, they have si mplined the machinery
and reduced the expenses of collection. Upon the
whole, I think, it will be very satisfactory to the
country.
I ought to state that the excise duty, which the
House provided for, is entirely omitted in this bill.
I move the previous question upon the adoption
of the report.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
chairman of the committee whether I understand
this matter correctly. Docs this couferencc re-
port come m as a consolidation and compound of,
and a substitute for the tariff and direct tax bills
which passed this House ?
Mr. STEVENS. That is so. It takes the
place of both.
Mr. BAKER. I wish to know of the chair-
man whether any addition has been made to the
duty on texile fabrics—on silk, for instance?
Mr. STEVENS. Ten per cent, was added on
silk goods. That was the only texture that was
touched at all.
Mr. BAKER. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to the report?
The SPEAKER. No amendment would be in
order to a reportagf a committee of conference.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman to postpone a vote upon this report until
to-morrow at twelve o'clock,m order, in the mean
time, that the substitute may be printed. I do
not understand it, and I have not been able to
hear what the gentleman has said.
Mr."STEVENS. I doubt whether a quorum
will be here to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. 1 do not believe there is
any danger of Beauregard being here before to-
morrow night. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE GONXLINO. In one of the
bills, certain sections of which go to make up this
bill, there was contained a section, which section
lepealed, I think, all the acts in relation to the sur-
plus revenue, and discharged the States absolutely
from all obligation to repay their quota of that
revenue. I want to inquire whether this report
^reserves that section?
Mr. STEVENS. It is all out of this substi-
tute.
Mr. BAKER. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Ways and Means Committee whether
