418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
timent which exists in the State of Maryland, that
measures which tend to oppression, which tend
to the destruction of individual rights, may no
longer be persisted in; and that insults and injury
will not be inflicted on the loyal people of Mary-
land any further. I hope that, at least, these res-
olutions will be received, laid on the table, and
printed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if these resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Maryland be refused a
reception here, I think it will be the first time in
the history of the Government that such a step
was ever taken. 1 think there have been occa-
sions when the resolutions of the Legislatures of
some of the States have been exceedingly offens-
ive to a large party on this floor—a party which
has usually controlled its proceedings.
Now, I desire to say a single word on the point
which has been taken by my friend from Maine,
that these resolutions do not emanate from the
Legislature of Maryland, and therefore are not
entitled to be printed as such. The honorable
Senator may have noticed that all the States do
not require their doings to be sanctioned by the
Governor. In some of the States the Governor
has no veto; and the Representatives of the State
of New York upon this floor have usually been
accredited and sworn in upon documents sent pre-
cisely in the form in which these resolutions come,
certified by the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the Assembly, without any intervention of the
Governor.
Sir, if there be a question in this country which
more than any other lias agitated the public mind
and rocked the foundation of the political party
which controlled the destinies of this country so
long, it is this very question of the right of peti-
tion; and if there be one thing which identifies the
name and fame of John GUiincy Adams witli the
history of his country, it was not in his brilliant
diplomatic career, nor in the eminently just and
•patriotic history of his administration, but when,
in the declining years of his life, he went into the
Hall of Representatives—and his bald head shone
there conspicuous amongst the contentions of par-
ties—striving earnestly and successfully for this
very right of petition. It was the infringement
of that right, that first called attention to the doings
of that Democratic party which has lately been
deposed. It was the denial of this very right that
rocked the foundations of that party in all the free
States, until at last they crumbled and fell.
Sir, I beg of those friends who stand here act-
ing with me to-day to be careful, exceedingly
careful, how they meddle with this great right.
Are we going to reject it on the ground tliat it is
not respectful? Sir, when did ever power receive
u petition from a suppliant, that was disagreeable
to it, that it did not pronounce it disrespectful? I
trust we shall not take this step. It will be a dan-
gerous step. It will be occupying the most de-
fenseless position the old Democratic party over
occupied, and from which they have been driven
as by a torrent of popular indignation.
Mr. President, 1 have been many years on the
floor of this body. I was here when this ques-
tion was brought up again and again. I remem-
mombera setof resolutions were introduced from
your own State—the Stale of Vermont—which
embodied, in pretty strong language, the moral
sentiment of your people; and 1 remember when
they were presented here years ago, that the
very same ground that my eloquent friend from
Minnesota takes now was taken against those
resolutions of the State of Vermont. The ques-
tion was debate I lieie again and again and again;
and rbclieve the result of it was they never came
to a vote upon it; and offensive as those resolu-
tions were to a majority of the body, f think I
am not mistaken in saying that the late John C.
Calhoun, of South Carolina, said it was due to
the respect and the dignity of a sister State of this
Confederacy that that solemn act of her people,
authenticated by her Legislature, should be re-
ceived.
When my late colleague, Mr. Bell, now de-
ceased, presented certain resolutions of the State
of New Hampshire, passed at the time of an oc-
currence which took place upon this floor, and
which arrested the attention of this people and of
the civilized world, I remember that the senti-
ments of our people, expressed by the Legisla-
ture, were conveyed in terms exceedingly offens-
sive to many gentlemen who sat on the other side
of the Chamber. A question about their recep-
tion was raised by some Senators; but, sir, when
Mr. Butler, of South Carolina, and many gentle-
men sympathizing with him, were here, the reso-
lutions of that State were received, because they
were the resolutions of the State, although they
were vastly more offensive to a large party on
this floor than anything that can be said in these
resolutions.
Sir, I do not stand here to justify or apologize
for the State of Maryland or her Legislature.
They do not want it; they can speak for them-
selves. They have an abler and more eloquent
representative on this floor than I am. But, sir,
I stand here for this great privilege which we have
stood by when we were a little band, when wo
were but one or two. Why, sir, if you had taken
away from us—myself and two or three friends
who first had seats on this floor—the capital ac-
quired on the question of the right of petition, we
should have had to go into bankruptcy at once;
and I am unwilling, now that wc arc in power,
now that wo constitute a majority, to apply to
the State of Maryland a rule we contended against
so long,so strenuously, so earnestly, so zealously,
and so successfully ourselves. Let the Legisla-
ture of Maryland speak just exactly what they
think. If they think our acts are wrong, uncon-
stitutional, arbitrary, and unjust, let them say
so. They would be slaves if they did not say it.
It may not be grateful to our ears; but, sir, it is
grateful to my ears to have the Legislature of
Maryland, or of any State in the Union, speak
out fearlessly, plainly, and boldly, what are their
convictions of public acts, and what they conceive
to be public wrongs. If this Administration, or
this Government, or any of its Departments, have
entered upon a course of conduct that is to be
shaken by the freest and and fullest discussion, it
is time that that conduct and that course were
abandoned.
Mr. President, I regret exceedingly that some
of my earnest, impulsive, eloquent, patriotic
friends have had their sympathies turned in this
current, so as to induce them to take a stand
against this right of petition. Sir, this paper is
infinitely more respectful to us than it would
have been if, with smothered phrases and honeyed
phraseology, they had attempted to gloss over
anything that should have concealed the real con-
victions of their understanding on this subject.
Let us show, then, that we are not amenable to
their censure; that we are not'afraid of their pro-
test. Let us receive and enter upon the Journal
the resolutions they have sent; and let the pen of
history, in the impartial record which it will
make up for the judgment of the present day and
of posterity, tell who is right and who is wrong
m this controversy.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I think it
was the Senator from Vermont [Mr. CoixAMEa]
who very truthfully said the other day, that the
Senate of the United States seemed to be very
slow in appreciating the real condition oft he coun-
try , and the circumstances that surround us. Now,
sir, when I came here at the commencement of
this session, I did not .come here to talk. My
judgment is, that the time for stump speaking and
eloquent talking has gone by. We want fighting
men, not talking men. I would suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire that John Q,uincy
Adams never rose up in the Senate of the United
States or elsewhere to justify the right of petition
under such a state of things as now surround us.
I think that John Q,uinoy Adams never justified
a falsehood being sent here—a resolution charg-
ing this Government with that which is utterly
untrue—never! He was too truthful for that.
Now, sir, what foil from the lips of the Sena-
tor from Maryland does not militate against my
charge that these resolutions are false and untrue.
That an innocent individual, or two, or three,
may have been arrested, is not strange at all.
They are often arrested under civil process. But
it does not follow from that fact that this wholesale
charge can be made, that no man's libei ties are
safe in Maryland. It does not follow that no
house is safe from search, or that the right of
property is not respected.
For one, I am not willing to stand here in the
Senate of the United States and vote to receive a
paper of that kind, simply because I am afraid of
interfering with this right of petition, or this idea
of democracy and universal liberty that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire talks about. The real
truth is, the confederate army has one great ad-
vantage over the Federal Army, in consequence
of just such drawbacks and just such speeches
as the one the Senator from New Hampshire has
made. If he and all the other talking men of our
party will come up and put their hands on treason;
if, instead of arguing and bandying words with
traitors on this floor, they will crush it whenever
it shows itself in this body, as they ought to do,
I think that we will placc the Federal Army high
above that of the rebels. The Senator from New
Hampshire had better be working for and look-
ing after the success of our Army, rather than
talking about this right of petition. I tell him
the people are right enough, ifhe and others will
stop clogging this Government; if he will stop
throwing his fetters around the limbs of those
who ought to be carrying on this war with more
power and more energy and with more unity.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator tell me what
he means by my clogging the Government?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir, I mean just such
speeches as the Senator has made here to-day. In-
stead of bandying words about the right of peti-
tion, when a paper like this is sent here by traitors,
the Senator from New Hampshire ought touse his
great power to crush all such things in the bud,
nip them in their very commencement.
Now, sir, it is true that Ross Winans was ar-
rested; and the great mistake was, we had too
many just such sensitive men as the Senator from
New Hampshire, and welet him go. He ought
to have been hung for the part he took in manu-
facturing arms and munitions of war for the rebel
army. The facts that have been stated to the
country are greatly at fault; or else the Senator
from Maryland is very much mistaken in his state-
ments as to Mr. Winans. I think it has been
pretty clearly demonstrated, at least to my mind,
that this man was a rebel and traitor against the
Government of the United States; that he was en-
gaged in rendering aid and comfort to the enemy;
that he was engaged in manufacturing arms and
munitions of war for the southern army ;and that
his whole sympathies, and the whole power which
he possessed by reason of his immense fortune,
were turned in that direction. At least,great in-
justice has been done lnm by almost everybody,
if this is untrue.
Sir,I thinkl am just as democratic as the Senator
from New Hampshire;! believe I sympathize with
the people just as much as he does; but I believe
the people of this country arc for carrying on this
war, and they are for putting down everything like
treason, not only in overt acts, but treason which
may be uttered in words. This paper goes to jus-
tify,and uphold, and prop up these traitors who
have been attempting to tear down your Govern-
ment, and it censures the Government because it
is trying to stop it by the arrest of such men. For
one, I am not willing to receive such a paper, and
I am not afraid that the people of my country,
democratic as they are, will be -troubled at all
about our violating this right of petition. More
than that, it is not a petition; it is a resolution of
censure, and nothing else.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to enter into
this debate at large;but on an examination of this
paper, I find it not to be under the seal of the
State, neither signed by the Speaker of the House,
nor the President of the Senate, nor by the Gov-
ernor. It is entirely unautheoticated.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, when these
resolutions were presented by the Senator from
Maryland,he moved their reception,and that they
be printed; thereupon the Senator from Minne-
sota objected to the reception of the resolutions.
I rose to object to their printing. My objection
was founded on two points: first, that they did
not emanate from the Legislature, and were not
authorized; and, in the second place, that they
were not respectful, and for that icason 1 would
not have them printed. I think so now. On fur-
ther examination I am satisfied the resolutions
ought not to be printed because they are not
truthful. The resolutions, in their whole scope
and intent, are an assault upon the acts of the
Executive which passed under the consideration
of the Senate yesterday, and received their sanc-
tion. We sanctioned, by a vote of the Senate,
the very acts which are denounced in the resolu-
tions as tyranny and usurpation; and therefore,
1 submit, it is not respectful to print now and send
