1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
to the country such criticisms upon the acts of
the Federal Executive.
But there is another and still more substantial
reason: they are not in harmony with the facts
known to the country. They say that the Fed-
eral Executive has usurped authority, that he has
put that State under military power; that the
rights of the citizens there are all gone; that the
citizens have no civil rights. That is the sense and
meaning of the resolutions. Now, I object to the
printing by the Sen-ate, and sending to the coun-
try under their authority, such resolutions. Noth-
ing was further from my purpose, in the outset,
in any remarks I made, than to intimate that I was
in favor of limiting the right of petition; but I
believe these resolutions do not come here under
such sanctions as authorizes the Senate to receive
them.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will merely state that these
resolutions were fully authenticated. They were
sentto Mr. Pearceand myself in a printed report.
Finding that it would not be proper to nresent a
printed report with them, we wrote back for the
original draft of the resolutions themselves, and
these have been sent to us.
Mr. CLARK. Do 1 understand the Senator
from Maryland to say it is unnecessary for the
resolutions to be signed by the Speaker and Pres-
ident and to be under the seal of the State?
Mr. KENNEDY. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK. Then they should be authenti-
cated in that way, if a true copy.
Mr. KENNEDY. There is a letter from the
Secretary of the Senate inclosing them to us in
accordance with our request.
Mr. CLARK. It should be upon the paper
itself. The paper is not authenticated.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, it may not be; they
may have omitted that; but I can vouch for the
authenticity and entire accuracy of them, as well
as my colleague, who has just come in.
Mr. CLARK. They are not signed by either
of the presiding officers of the Legislature. They
are certified to by a clerk as having passed by
yeas and nays; that is all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the fact that
these resolutions are presented by one of the Sen-
ators from Maryland, is sufficient evidence to me
of their authenticity. I do not care to go behind
that. That the resolutions arc incorrect in their
statements, I have no doubt; that they are disre-
spectful, I think; but for neither of these reasons
shall I refuse to receive or to print the resolutions
of a sovereign State. I hope they will be received
and printed.
Mr. HALE. Let me read their authentication.
These resolutions are certified as follows:
By the House of Delegates, June 20, 1861. Adopted by
yeas and nays.
By order: MILTON S. KIDD,
Chief Clerk.
By the Senate, June 22,1861. Adopted by yeas and nays.
By order: WILLIAM KILGOUU,
Secretary oj the Senate.
That is the authenticity which they have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that any ques-
tion is raised in regard to the reception of this
paper, and I agree entirely with what the Scna-
ator from New Hampshire has said. This right
of petition is intended to be guarantied to every
person. The meanest subject there is, the most
degraded human being that lives, may petition
the great Ruler of the Universe. I am willing
to receive these petitions unless they arc insult-
ing and intended to he insulting to the body. Of
course, we are not about to receive papers of that
kind. But when the papers are not presented
with that intention, but to present what the peti-
tioners believe to be facts—they may be ever so
much mistaken in opinion; their judgment may
be ever so erroneous; I care not—I am willing,
and I think the Constitution of the country in-
tended, that every person who believed himself
aggrieved and wronged should have the right to
present his petition and his memorial here. I
remember how the State of Kansas was treated
when she sent her remonstrance here on one occa-
sion, and I have seen on other occasions this at-
tempt to shut out the petitions and the cries of
the people.
The Legislature of Maryland think, in their
judgment, that what they set forth is true. Sup-
pose it is not true in our judgments: sfcall we
refuse to hear it ? They give their opinions, which
disagree with mine; but what of it? What is the
right of petition good for, what is the right to
remonstrate wo^th, if the party remonstrating and
petitioning cannot state views counter to the power
to which he presents his petition and his remon-
strance; and, as my friend [Mr. Wade] says,
they* have a right to be spiteful, if they choose to
be, so that it is not intended to be disrespectful
to the body or to insult the body. I do not un-
derstand,from the reading of this paper, that that
was the intention of the Legislature of Maryland.
I do not suppose they design that; but they have
presented what are their own views; what they
believe. Now, sir, it matters not to me whether
they agree with me or not. 1 do not agree with
them in some of the views which they have set
forth in that paper; but, nevertheless, 1 am quite
willing to receive it and treat it respectfully.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, <{ Will the Senate receive these resolutions ?"
Mr. BAYARD. The question is on printing
the resolutions, I believe. They were presented
by one of the Senators from Maryland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on receiving the resolutions, objection being
made to their reception.
Mr. BAYARD. I suppose it has always been
heretofore our practice to print resolutions or re-
monstrances coming from the Legislature of a
State of the Union. I cannot sec anything in
these resolutions, though I have read them but
hastily, at all insulting to the body. They may
differ from the opinions of many members of this
body. Gentlemen here may consider the facts
as set forth there, as not the facts as they repre-
sent them. The views taken of the acts com-
plained of as to their unconstitutionality or oppres-
siveness, may differ from their own; but does
that take away the right of the Legislature of a
State to present their remonstrance either against
the acts of the Executive or the acts of Congress,
and to ask that it should be received and printed,
as we do all remonstrances and all communica-
tions coming to us from the authorities of a State ?
1 submit that because the resolutions may be dis-
tasteful, it is no objection to receiving and print-
ing them. If there was any question for the
Senate to decide as to whether they would adopt
them, it would be„another matter. No one could
have a right to ask them to adopt that which was
contrary to their own judgment, either in the
statement of the facts or in the view of the law
which resulted from those facts. But surely we
are very far gone in the change of our form of
Government, if one of the States of this Union,
through its Legislature, cannot present a remon-
strance either against the acts of the President of
the United States or the acts of the Congress of
the United States, if it is not in such language
as is insulting in itself. I see nothing in the reso-
lutions that could possibly be subject to that con-
struction, unless you say that to differ, to dissent,
and to express that dissent in a bold and manly
way, from acts which they believe to be uncon-
stitutional, is not rcspectful. I shall vote in favor
of the printing.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, these resolu-
tions I received a few days ago  *
Mr. WILKINSON; If the Senator will allow
me one moment, 1 will withdraw the objection to
the reception of these resolutions; but 1 object to
the printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection to the reception of these resolutions, the
question will recur on ordering them to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, when I received
these resolutions two days ago, inclosed to me in
a letter from the Speaker of the House of Dele-
gates of Maryland, addressed to my colleague and
myself, I placed them in my colleague's hands,
being doubtful, in consequence of the condition
of my health, whether 1 should be here the next
day to present them. I was not present when my
colleague presented them, and do not know what
course the discussion in the Senate has taken,
except as I am informed by others; but I under-
stand that some objection is taken to the reception
of the resolutions, perhaps it may apply to the
printing too, because they are not authenticated
properly; that is, as I understand, because they
have not the Governor's signature to them. In
Maryland we do not consider the Governor's sig-
nature of the slightest importance. The Gover-
nor is no part of the legislative power of our State.
A law is none the less a law though the Governor
does not sign it. He has no veto powers th#
only purpose of his signing a law at any time is
to authenticate it; and yet, though that may Ibe
the more perfect authentication, the law is not the
less valid-if he does not sign it.
I understand that another objection is, that the
resolutions are insulting to this body. I thought
I heard some such language falling from a Senator
as I came in. That is an entire mistake. There
is not a word in the resolutions in relation to the
Senate or the House of Representatives of the
United States. The complaint is of executive
action, and I should like to know who can talk
about the insolence of a State Legislature when
it makes complaints in firm and manly language
of executive action, which they think violative of
their rights? Has it come to this, sir, that not
merely an individual, but a State, cannot express
its conviction of the injustice of the executive
action towards that State, without being stigma-
tized as insulting? Sir, the insult is the other
way. It is an insult to the State for one so to
represent such action of theirs; and itis an insult
which this Government cannot repeat forever
without weakening the bonds of union. I trust,
sir, we shall notsetsuch an example ofill-temper,
for it is nothing else. We have repeatedly, in this
body, heard the readingand ordered the printing
of legislative resolutions not at fill agreeable to a
portion of us, without seeking to deny to a State
that courtesy which has almost ripened into a
right.
We may differ as to the matter and the style of
the resolutions; I find no fault with gentlemen
who may condemn these resolutions as unjust to
the Executive, as founded in mistake, or they may
even think they are ill-tempered, and that they
are affecfed by partisan feeling. I do not object
to that; but surely, when we are told they shall
not be printed because they are insulting to the
Congress of the United States, whom they do not
name, except to appeal to them for redress against
what they conceive the unjust action of the Ex-
ecutive, surely the insultistheotherway. Except
as the denial of a courtesy never before refused,
it is entirely indifferent to me whether they are
printed or not. They are, nevertheless, the sen-
timent of the Legislature of Maryland addressed
to Congress, and I think they ought to be treated
with the same respect with which we receive the
representations of any other State Legislature.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering these resolutions to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. As I find, upon consultation,
that I have got to vote against the printing of
these resolutions, when some Senators upon this
side of the Chamber, I apprehend, will vote for
the printing, I want to state, in two or three
words, why I do it. It is not upon the ground
that the Legislature of Maryland had not the
right to pass the resolutions, not upon the ground
that they insult the dignity of this body, but upon
the ground that they make statements, they con-
tain allegations, which I would not dare to make
myself in reference to the conduct of an individ-
ual, for fear they were not true. Let me quote:
"Wheieas the unconstitutional and arbitrary proceed-
ings of the Federal Executive have not been confined to
the violation of the personal rights and liberties of tho cit-
izens of Mar) land, but have been extended into evcty do-
pal tment of oppressive illegality, so that the pioperty of no
man is safe, the sanctity of no dwelling is i e^pcctcd, and the
saciedness of pnvate correspondence no longer exists."
These allegations are contained here. Now I
should not have dared to assert that of a consta-
ble in Baltimore; of any justice of the peace there;
of any man having any authority whatever, for
fear I should lay myself open to a prosecution for
libel, or for slander, if it were merely vcrbaL If
it is not true, is it any the less a libel when it is
published of the First Magistrate of the country ?
If the Legislature of Maryland dares to assert it,
the responsibility is upon the Legislature; but if
we dare to print it and publish it, the responsi-
bility of that measure is upon us. I am afraid
that is not true; nay, more, I have no hesitation
in saying that I believe it to be utterly untrue; and
I do not wish to be a party to the publication of
statements so false as I believe that to be, and
therefore I shall vote against printing these res-
olutions. To the reception, I have no sort of
objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I am somewhat surprised at
the remarks of the honorable Senator who last
addressed the Senate. The result of his doctrine
