1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we may do it now. I suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts has no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I have none.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cali for the consideration
of the House resolution in relation to the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont.moves to postpone the bill before
the Senate, with a view to take up the resolution
of the House of Representatives fixing the day of
adjournment.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion of adjournment from the House of Repre-
sentatives is now before the Senate, and will be
read:
The Secretary read it, as follows:
RewlveH, (the Senate concuiring,) That the President of
the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives
be authorized to close the present session, by adjourning
their respective Houses on Friday, the 2d day of August
next, at twelve o'clock, m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. With the consent of the
Senate, I will withdraw my amendment. I un-
derstand it is probable that we can get through
by Tuesday, and th'ere is no probability of our
adjourning to-day; and we might as well dispose
of the question now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the Senator from Rhode Island to with-
draw, and he does withdraw his amendment to
the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Vermont that it might bo as well to
let this lie until a later hour of the day. I merely
make the suggestion.
Mr. COLLAMER. From what I am informed
in relation to the condition of the House of Rep-
sentatives, if we fix a reasonable time, we may
probably keep a quorum together until that time;
but unless we fix some time, we shall not keep a
quorum of that House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the period of
time fixed in the resolution be Tuesday next, at
twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, is to strike
out " Friday, the 2d day of August," and insert
"Tuesday, the 6th day of August."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no idea that what
I am going to say will change the vote at all.
There is a disposition in'the Senate, and we are
told in the House of Representatives, to adjourn
at once. I entirely disagree to that disposition
which is manifested. I believe it is the duty of
this Congress to remain in session, and mature
all the bills which it is deemed important to pass in
this crisis of the country's history. I think there
is no excuse for Senators and Representatives,
who receive an annual compensation, and who
can remain here without expense to the Govern-
ment, to leave their places, and say there is not
time to mature bills, and that they must go over
until December. However, I know that friends
around mc do not coincide in that opinion. I do
not wish to take up time, or to delay action on
upon this resolution. I suppose that what I say
will bo wholly impotent to arrest this impatient
spirit to get away, and we are even told by the
Senator from Vermont, that the House of Repre-
sentatives will not stay, that they will break up
and leave Congress without a quorum, unless we
fix a day at once. Sir, I think this impatience is
inexcusable. In my judgment there are measures
pending before Congress, which it is its duty to
mature and pass befoie it adjourns. But as I said,
I only desire to express this view, and am will-
ing that the vote shall be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was concurred in.
ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that we proceed
to the consideration of the bill which was passed
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The- bill (S.
No. 65) to authorize an increase in the corps of
engineers and topographical engineers will be
considered as in Committee of the Whole, as it
was passed over for the purpose of considering
theTesolution which has been disposed of. It will
be read at length.
Hjie bill was read. It proposes to add to each
of the corps of engineers and topographical engi-
neers, by regular promotion of their present offi-
cers, two lieutenant colonels and four majors. It
also proposes to add to the corps of topograghical
engineers one company of soldiers, to be com-
manded by appropriate officers of the corps, to
have the same pay and rations, clothing, and other
allowances, and to be entitled to the same benefits
in every respect as the company created by the
act" for the organization of a company of sappers
and miners, and pontoniers," approved May 16,
1846.
The bill was reported to the Sanate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and it was read the third time, and
passed.
PUNISHMENT OF PIRACY.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
55) supplementary to an act entitled " An act to
protect the commerce of the United States, and
punish the crime of piracy."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that any vessel or boat which shall be built,
purchased, fitted out in whole or in part, or held
for the purpose of being employed in the commis-
sion of any piratical aggression, search, restraint,
depredation, or seizure, or in the commission of
any other act of piracy, as defined by the law of
nations, shall be liable to be captured and brought
into any port of the United States, if found upon
the high seas, or to be seized if found in any port
or place within thcUnited States, whether it shall
have actually sailed upon any piratical expedition
or not, and whether any act of piracy shall have
been committed or attempted by it or not; and
any such vessel or boat may be adjudged and con-
demned, if captured by an authorized vessel, to
the use of the United States and to that of the
captors, and if seized by a collector, surveyor, or
marshal, to the use of the United States, after due
process and trial, in like manner as is provided in
section four of the act to which this act is supple-
mentary.
The second section provides that the President
is to instruct the commanders of the public armed
vessels of the United States, and to authorize the
commanders of any other armed vessels sailing
under the authority of any letters of marque and
reprisal granted by the Congress of the United
States, or the commanders of any other suitable
vessels, to subdue, seize, take, and, if on the high
seas, to send into any port of the United States
any vessel or boat, built,purchased, fitted out, or
held, as m the first section of the act is mentioned.
The third section provides that the collectors of
the several ports of entry, the surveyors of the
several ports of delivery, and the marshals of the
severaljudicial districts withm the United States,
shall seize any and all vessels or boats so built,
purchased, fitted out, or held, which may be found
with the irrespective ports or districts, and to cause
them to be proceeded against and disposed of as
before provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY AT NEW YORK.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
59) in ielation to the office of attorney of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, have instructed me to report a substitute
in lteu of the bill which was submitted to the com-
mittee; and I ask for its consideration at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
insert the following:
That there shall be pnid to the attorney of the United
Slates foi tiie southern district of New York, quarterly, a
salary at the rate of $6,000 per annum, and sucll additional
sum as thai! be necessaiv, together with the costs and fees
now allowed by law, to pay such amount as shall be fixed
by the Seeretaty ot tlio Interior for the proper expenses of
the office, including salaries of assistants and cierks.
Sec. 2. JInd be tt/mthcT enacted, That the accounts of
said attorney from and after the 4th day of Aprti last shall
be adjusted and settled in the same manner to the «ame
would have been adjusted and settled had tkis.^cf been In
operation on and after that day.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and. passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced tha.t
the House had passed a bill (No. 101) to pro-
mote the efficiency of the engineer and topograph-
ical engineer corps; in which the concurrence o.f
the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution directing the message of
the Senate, informing the House of Representa-
tives that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate, (No.
43) to prevent and punish fraud on the part of
officers intrusted with the making of contracts for
the Government, to be returned to the Senate,
agreeably to its request.
COURTS IN KENTUCKY AND MISSOURI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the House bill
No. 70, for the more effectual organization of the
courts of the United States, in the districts of
Kentucky and Missouri, have instructed me to
report the bill back to the Senate, and recom-
mended its postponement until the first Monday,
of December next. There was some diversity of
opinion in the committee; but the majority of the
committee instructed me to make that report.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I hope that bill will
not be postponed until the first Monday in De-
cember next. I have conversed with a number
of Representatives from Kentucky in the other
branch of Congress, and they are exceedingly
anxious that the bill should be taken up and acted
npon now. It is a bill repealing the act creating
Kentucky as a district court of the United States.
At present, as I understand, the law requires the
district court in ICentucky to be held at four points
in that State: at Covington, Louisville, Paducah,
and Frankfort. The bill which has passed the
House of Representatives, and which it is now
moved to postpone, repeals the law making Ken-
tucky a district, and authorizes two districts in
the State of Kentucky, and the holding of courts
at two points in each district; and at the same time
authorizes the holding of the district courts in
Missouri at two other points.
The bill, when it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, received a very large vote, and was
sent here several days since. It is now reported
from our committee, and its consideration is asked
to be postponed until December. I am unwilling
that it shall be postponed; in the first placc, be-
cause I think the convenience of the people of
Kentucky will be better promoted by passing the
the bill at present; and, in the next placp, I will
not. disguise the fact that there may be another
object contemplated by passing the bill, which is
to repeal the law creating the district court, under
whieh Judge Monroe has been appointed in the
State of Kentucky, for the purpose of getting one
more devoted and more loyal to the Union of the
States. I know nothing whatever in reference to
the present position and political status of Judge
Monroe; but I have heard from gentlemen of the
highest respectability that his loyalty was ques-
tionable, and that there is doubt whether any
rebels or traitors in the State of Kentucky coula
be punished for treason while he holds court. I
do not state this to be true; I know nothing about
it myself; but I have been so assured by gentle-
men of the highest standing in Kentucky who_are
now in this city. I disavow any charge against
Judge Monroe. I have not met him for thirty
years. 1 only knewhim in Kentucky when I was
a boy, as a gentleman of high character and of
good standing as a lawyer. What may be his
present position I know not; but it is at least
questionable among Kentucky gentlemen of the
very highest respectability.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion made by the Senator from Illi-
nois, from the Committee on the Judiciary, that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until the first Monday of December next.
