422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr. POWELL. I desire that the bill shall be
postponed on the motion made by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary. 1 cannot con-
ceive that any good can result to the public inter-
ests from its passage. So far as the State of Mis-
souri is concerned, I think there was abundant
evidence before the committee that two districts
were required, nay demanded, by the public busi-
ness there. I do not believe that the public inter-
est requires the State of Kentucky to be divided
into two judicial districts. We have heretofore
had butonedistrict,and the business in that court
is not more than one judge can perform, and not
be very heavily taxed at that. There is no ne-
cessity, then, for making two judicial districts in
the State of Kentucky. It can result in nothing
more, nothing less, than providing two judges and
two marshals, and having the United States to
pay an additional judicial salary. That is all it
can result in. So far as the statement made by
the honorable Senator from Indiana is concerned,
that Judge Monroe is thought to be disloyal by
certain persons now in this city, allow me to say
thatl never heard Judge Monroe's loyalty doubt-
ed. I know it was stated by a member of the
committee that a citizen of Kentucky, now in this
city, had stated to him that Judge Monroe's loy-
alty was doubted. I had never before heard his
loyalty to the Government questioned, and I do
not believe that lie is disloyal. He has borne the
reputation, for many years, of being a learned
lawyer, and an attentive, honest judge. He now
holds the courts at every point at which they will
be held by the two judges, provided this bill shall
become a law. He holds the courts at Frankfort,
at Covington, atLouisville, and at Paducah, twice
a year; and that is all that is provided in the bill
shall be done by two judges, if the two districts
be made by Congress. The public interests, then,
cannot suffer by leaving the district of Kentucky
as it now is.
I look upon it, sir, as a mode of getting clear of
a judge, whose tenure under the Constitution is
"during good behavior," by indirection—by le-
gislation. I do not believe that such an instance has
ever occurred in the history of this Government.
1 know that in Mr. Jefferson's time the laws cre-
ating certain judgships were repealed; but I do
not think that oilier judges were put in; the ex-
isting judges were deemed unnecessary, and hence
the law was repealed. I think it but clue to Judge
Monroe, one of our oldest and most respcctabie
citizens, that ho be permitted to meet these charges.
There was before the Committee on the Judiciary
a very small petition, asking this change in the
district court of Kentucky. I happen to have in
my pocket a copy of that petition, and I will read
it to the Senate:
To the Senate ami House of Representative* of the Con-
gress of the United States:
Your petitioners, citizens of tiio Stale of Kentucky, for
and on behalf of a mnjonty of the people of said State, most
respectfully a-k the i>;tss;i!;e of an act abolishing tlie Ken-
tucky district court, and the establishment of two other
courts of similar jurNlicUon in its ttead.
W. II. IIASKINS, VV. C. ANDERSON,
THOMAS K. LETCHER, (I. II. MeKlNNGY,
It. V. IKHJRN, VV. BROWN,
GREEN ADAMS, J. E. HUFFMAN.
ALLAN A. BURTON,
I do hereby certify that the above is a true copy ot a
paper tiled with the Uoniunttco on the Judiciary of the
United States .Senate.
J. M. STANTON, Clerk.
These gentlemen, all of whom live in counties
adjacent, in the northeastern part of the State,
tafee the privilege of petitioning Congress, in the
name and on behalf of the majority of the people
of Kentucky. It seems to me that that petition
is very modest, to say the least of it, that they
should presume to speak for a majority of the
people of Kentucky ! That petition, which was
the only evidence in writing before the committee,
does not insinuate a charge of disloyalty against
this judge. I do not think that the Senate should
thrust aside a learned and a respectable judge,
who has been upon the bench for over twenty
years and borne an irreproachable character, upon
the mere ipse dixit of outsiders. Why did not the
intelligent gentleman from Kentucky, of whom
the Senator from Indiana speaks, come before the
committee and make his statement in writing
against the loyalty of Judge Monroe? That, I
should suppose, would be the mode of action of
those that were disposed to be governed by the
principles that should always characterize those
who are actuated by high-toned and manly feel-
ing.
I think it eminently proper that the action of
Senate should be postponed. There is nothing
set forth in the petition that reflects in the Jeast
upon Judge Monroe-, and this was the only paper
that was before the Judiciary Committee. I asked
of the committee "the postponement of this case
until December next, and I believe the commit-
tee were unanimous in granting my request. 1
did it for two reasons. First, I knew that the
public interest did not demand that Kentucky
should be divided into two judicial districts. I
knew that the business there could be done by one
man, and he not heavily taxed with labor. I
knew that the courts were already holden by the
present judge at the four points, for the length
of time prescribed in this bill. Besides, I thought
it but justice to Judge Monroe, before he should
be disposed of in this summary manner upon the
ipse dixit of outsiders, that he should be permitted
to lay his statement before that committee; and the
moment that the Judiciary Committee agreed to
postpone the case, I told the committee that I
would advise Judge Monroe of the proceedings;
and I caused duplicate copies to be made of the
petition just read, one for my own use and the
other for the use of Judge Monroe, and wrote to
him that the bill would be postponed until Decem-
ber next, and inclosed him a copy of this peti-
tion, andinformed him of the charge of disloyalty
made in the committee. I did not suppose the
chairman of the committee would report it until
he asked to be discharged from the general bundle
at the close of the session. The first whisper that
I have heard against Judge Monroe's loyalty was
yesterday. When it was announced by one of
my colleagues on the committee that a gentleman
from Kentucky had spoken to him of Judge Mon-
roe as being disloyal, I said to the committee that
I had not heard that charge before. I think it due
to Judge Monroe that he should be permitted to
meet. it. I asked the postponement of the case,
and the committee readily acquiesced.
I believe, Senators, if you put aside a judge in
this way you infract the spirit of the Constitution,
if not its letter. What will be the result if you
set such a precedent as this? At every change of
parties in Congress you will probably have every
judge, the tenure of whose officc is during good
behavior, legislated out of office in this way. That
would certainly be a very unfortunate precedent.
Senators, I think it nothing but just to an honor-
able and a most respectable gentleman, whose legal
ability, assiduity, and integrity, arc not doubt-
ed, and whose loyalty heretofore has never been
questioned, before you abolish his office and put
this disgrace upon him, that you permit him to
be heard; that you give him an opportunity to
meet, face to face, those who accuse him of dis-
loyalty to the Government whose commission he
holds, and which he has served with loyalty, in-
tegrity, and distinguished ability, for aquarterof
a century.
If there had been among the papers any charge
against the loyalty of Judge Monroe, I should at
once have informed him of the fact, in order that
he might have made counter statements. There
was none. It came in the form.of a verbal state-
ment, through a member of the committee. The
committee, then, in order to give Judge Monroe
an opportunity to meet these charges, postponed
the case; and instantly on that being done, I, from
my desk in the Senate yesterday, sent him a copy
of this paper,and wrote to him that the bill would
be postponed until the next session; and that a
certain gentleman from Kentucky, in this city,
had stated to the chairman of the committee that
lie was disloyal to the Union. 1 thought it proper
to give him that information. I think now, Sen-
ators, that it would be an outrage on this man that
he should thus be thrust out of lug office without
any formal charge, without any notice, because
an individual—who may by possibility want his
place; who may, for aught I know, be his per-
sonal enemy—makes these charges against him.
I do not think it right or proper. I think the
precedent most dangerous. It is wrong in every
particular. The public interest certainly cannot
suffer if this matter be postponed until December
next, so as to give Judge Monroe an opportunity
of meeting the charge.
I myself would not be disposed to consider
charges that are made in the form in which this
is presented. If a gentleman wishes to make a
charge against the incumbent of an office, and to
have him rejected upon that charge, he ought to*
put it in writing, sign his name to it, make the
charge specific, in order that it may be properly
met. That has not been done. So far as I know
or have ever heard, until I heard it in the commit-
tee room yesterday, in the manner I have stated,
I never heard any charge of disloyalty against
Judge Monroe. He has been a faithful,incor-
ruptiblejudge; and he has never within my knowl-
edge, by word or by deed, indicated any disloy-
alty to the Government he has served. I believe
the Senate owe it to him, owe it to themselves,
owe it to the judiciary, owe it to their country, to
give him a chance to meet the charges against him,
and if they are false to say so. What Judge
Monroe's peculiar views may be upon the ques-
tions that at presentagitate the country, I candidly
confess that I do not know. I live in a remote
part of the State from him; but I have heard of
no disloyalty on his part, and I think it but jus-
tice that he should be permitted to be heard. I
hope that the motion to postpone, in accordance
with the report of the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, will prevail.
Mr. TEN EYCK. As the Senator from Ken-
tucky seems to misunderstand the true position
of the Committee on the Judiciary, I feel myself
called upon to say that, so far as I am concerned,
he misapprehended my position. The inclination
of my mind was in favor of the passage of this bill,
and 1 so voted in committee at the time, although
the Senator from Kentucky docs not appear to
remember or to be aware of it.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from New Jer-
sey will allow me to say that it was upon the
motion to postpone that i thought the committee
were unanimous.
Mr. TEN EYCK. No, sir; I voted against the
postponement.
Mr. POWELL. Then I was mistaken, that
is all.
Mr. TEN EYCK. As this is a delicate matter,
and as the Senator from Kentucky so understood
it and declared it, I feel myself in honor bound to
say that I was opposed to the postponement and
in favor of the passage of the bill. It was the in-
clination of my mind; it was the conclusion I came
to, on the view of the case which I had before the
committee. This bill embraces not only the dis-
trict of Kentucky, but also the districts courts in
Missouri. It is composed of two sections, and
the sections propose a change in Kentucky, mak-
ing two districts instead.of one, and in Missouri
making one district instead of two.
I am the last man in the world to trifle with
judicial districts. I think they should be stable,
and fixed and certain, and they, and the judges
who hold the courts in them, should be tiie last
things to bo interfered with needlessly or unad-
visedly. A judge should be like Caesar's wife,
"above suspicion;" and especially in times lilco
these. I would not strike at Judge Monroe in
the dark. The evidence that was brought before
the committee was sufficient to satisfy my mind
that there was some doubt about his loyalty; and
in these days, when treason goes with a rush and
a run, I thought it dangerous to leave that court
in the hands of a man who was subject even to
suspicion. If it should turn out, as I hope in God
it may, that he is entirely free of any charges of
this kind, I should he in favor, if this bill passes,
of his nomination for one of the districts; and I
would sign in his favor.
Mr. POWELL. If-the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him for a moment, as I do not wish
to trouble the Senate further, I will say that I have
known Judge Monroe a great many years, from
my boyhood; and from his high standing as a
gentleman of honor, a lawyer of high attainments,
a man of unimpeachable integrity, I do notbelieve
that he would fail to decide every case brought
before him in obedience to the Constitution and
the laws of his country. I am confident, from the
high character that he has borne in his office for
over a quarter of a century, that he would never
so degrade himself as to give any other decision
than that which he thought was in obedience to
the laws of the land; and I have no idea that he
ever will. In my judgment—and I form that
judgment from the character of the man—if ho
did not intendto be true and loyal to the country,
he would resign the office. He would hold no
