424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
slanders which a Senator says he has got upon
reliable authority.
Mr, McDOUGALL. Will the Senator permit
me?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I yield to the Sena-
tor from California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am informed by gen-
tleman of the House of Representatives from your
State, that he is not loyal to the Constitution and
the Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator is in-
formed by members of the House of Representa-
tives from the State of Kentucky, that Judge
Monroeis not loyal to the Constitution and the
Union. I, of course, do not question the belief
of those gentlemen in that; but what have they
offered to sustain it? What is the evidence against
him ? Are we to turn out a high judicial officer,
and violate the spirit, and, as I believe, the letter
of the Constitution, on the mere belief of A, B,
and C, m one House of Congress, that the man is
not loyal to the Constitution and the Union ? Sir,
take the testimony of the senior member of the
House of Representatives from Kentucky; a man
whose loyalty, as my colleague says, nobody
will doubt; who is the neighbor, the friend, the
townsman of this judge. He opposed, both upon
personal and constitutional grounds, in indignant
language, the action of the House of Representa-
tives.
I never have known a case like this, sir. The
Senator from Oregon says,itis reported that some
of his connections, perhaps his son, is the editor
of a secession paper. His soil, I can tell the Sen-
ator, is the editor of a paper m Kentucky, but I
never heard it callcd a secession paper; it is a
strong State-rights paper. And is a judge to be
removed by legislation because his son is the
editor of a paper which utters opinions that a Sen-
ator does not like? Why, sir, it is well known
that in this unhappy strife many men have sons
in both armies. 1 was called upon the other
morning, by a lady in this neighborhood, an old
acquaintance and friend of mine, who was plunged
in distress, because her husband was at Manas-
sas, and her son was in the column advancing
under General McDowell. These things are hap-
pening all over the country. Are such things
to be given as reasons for legislative action, to
remove a high judicial functionary? Sir, in my
opinion, it will be a stain upon the Congress of
the United States, if a judicial officer shall bo re-
moved by such a proceeding, without specifica-
tions and chaiges against him. It will be a blow
struck at the judicial branch of the Government,
as blows have been struck at the other branches
of the Government, and at the independence and
liberties of the people.
Sir,this bill will be resisted now, and the Con-
gress of the UnitedStatesmustprolongits session
before this act can be consummated. We will be
heard; we will protest against it; we will reason
against it; we will resist it by all constitutional and
parliamentary means. If there was one shadow of
foundation for this accusation, I shun Id be silent. If
I did not consider it a gross wrong, not only to
the public, but to an individual, I should utter no
word; but believing it to be both, and believing
that it has been set on foot principally by two or
three who desire to get the State cut up into two
judicial districts, that they may get those two
offices, I oppose it and 1 resist it. Senators, we
ought to postpone it; there is no ground for it;
there is no ground for the charge; it is a blow
upon the Constitution; it is an outrage upon the
Treasury; it is a gross injustice to an individual,
a stainless, excellent man. Again, I say, if any
of you doubt, go and ask the senior member of
the House of Representatives from Kentucky,
whom you all know, and he will give you the
Constitution of the country, and he will give you
the character of the man.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware allow me to ask the Senator from Kentucky
a question ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to introduce
into the debate anything but the merits of the ques-
tion of postponement. This bill, in committee,
I was opposed to, and I agreed to the recommend-
ation to postpone it until the next session. It is
obvious that the question which arises is a very
grave question.
Before this sessign commenced, it had been, cer-
tainly for five or seven years past, the settled de-
termination of the Committee on the Judiciary
that it was time to stop the practice of increasing
the number of judicial districts in the different
States; that we had gone too far in that respect.
That objection applies to the first portion of the
bill—the original bill as it wasintroducedintothe
House of Representatives, to create an additional
district in theState of Kentucky. The almost unan-
imous opinion of the Committee on the Judiciary,
for five or six years past, has been, uniformly,
that we had gone too far in thatrespect; and hence
we refused to create additional districts even in
States of much larger territorial extent, and with
more judicial business 'in the Federal courts than
the State of Kentucky. I think that objection holds
as well now; and yet thjs bill, in effect, is to cre-
ate two districts in the comparatively small State
of Kentucky, when her Senators tell you there is
no business that cannot be transacted by a single
court; and at the same time, in the much more
extensive State of Missouri, where there are two
districts, and certainly fully equivalent business
in every respect, and where the State, from its
disturbed condition, will probable require the
continuance of these two courts which you have
hitherto apointed, to destroy one district, and to
leave only one district remaining for that very
Igrge State. That is the bill.
Now, sir, as to the object. I do not pretend to
scan men's intentions; but on the face of this bill,
it seems to me plain that the whole object is to
legislate out of office two judges, and to legislate
three into office, or rather to have three new ap-
pointments. Is that compatible with your Con-
stitution ? I do not mean to say that you have
not the power to abolish inferior courts, after the
decision which was made by Congress in 1801;
and if you choose to abolish the courts, of course
the judges'office falls with them, though I some-
what question the constitutionality of that mode
of action; and certainly if it is within your power,
it is directly in the face of the intent of the Con-
stitution, that the judge shall hold his office during
good behavior. It is not in your power as regards
the Supreme Court; and the only mode you can
get at such an exercise of power in the inferior
courts, is by abolishing the courts.
In the history of our country we have had a
great many party struggles; and with but one ex-
ception, (and that was where the whole system
was assailed, and the system was altered and the
former system restored,) has there ever been a
case in which Congress has undertaken to legis-
late judges out of office. In all the varied party
struggles we have had, it has never been attempted
except in one single case; and there was some
plausible ground at least for action'there, founded
on the fact that the precedent Administration had,
under a bill passed immediately before its expira-
tion, and on perhaps the day before it went out
of office, undertaken to appoint an entire new class
of judicial officcis, an act roitainly politically im-
proper, and if not void under the Constitution, at
least against the intent and spirit of the Constitu-
tionandof ourrepresenutive institutions. Itdoes
not surprise me, therefore, that in that case—ob-
jections existing to the system which had been
adopted, and there being also objections to the
whole vast mass of judges who were spread
throughout the country by a party just going out
of power—Congress were tempted into legislation
which had for one of its objects that of pi eventing
a judiciary being established by an expiring party
at the expense of a party just coming into power.
But as regards this case, there is no excuse
whatever. These judges, both of them, have held
their offices for several years anterior to this time—
one of them for twenty-odd years, the other for
five or six, appointed without reference at all to
the present condition of things; and what is the
objection to them? Opinion—no more. You have
the counter opinions of unquestioned men on the
one side; and oil the other side not one solitary
fact or act offered before the committee which could
justify action in any respect whatever. And has
it, sir, come to this, that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, on mere opinion, and that in highly
excited times, when there are counter opinions,
will strike so fatal a blow at the independence of
a coordinate branch of the Government as to pass
a law for the purpose of legislating some men out
of office and giving room for the appointment of
others? Where is"judicial independence gone if
you establish such a precedent? Rely upon it, if
this be once established as a rule of action, let
party once adopt it, and party, in all its changes,
will adopt it hereafter; and the independence of
your judiciary in this country will utterly fail,
and they will become, except your Supreme
Court, the mere tools of the existing party in
power; because it is always the progress of those
evils, that if you once exercise a power of this
kind for such a purpose, subsequent parties will
feel justified by the action of those who preceded
them in saying: " your judiciary was altered by
previous laws, by the existing party in power; we
do not like their sentiments and opinions; our
people are opposed to these judges, and we mean
to legislate them out of office,'' and legislate them
out upon opinion?
I know that in many of the States of this Union
there are provisions existing that on a vote of two
thirds of the Legislature a judge may be removed
from his office by the Executive. No such pro-
vision exists in the Federal Constitution. There
is one mode, and one mode alone, which the Con-
stitution recognizes for the "removal of a judge,
and that is by impeachment. A predominate
party, having an unquestioned majority in both
Houses—if these men really have done any act
which justifies their discharge from the offices
they hold—will not require extraordinary proof
to remove them. They have the power of im-
peachment; they have the power of decision, and
under that they can vacate the offices. But there
is at least this guard there: that if the question
were presented to this body on an impeachment
for the purpose of removing a judge, you ftould
laugh to scorn the idea that the opinions of men
were evidence for the purpose of removing judges
from their offices. The facts must be proved from
which you could infer disloyalty, or infer inca-
pacity, or infer impropriety in their judicial action.
When facts were proved from which that infer-
ence could rationally be made, of course the Senate
would be bound to condemn; but, sitting here
under oath, as a court of impeachment, you would
not hear the allegation of an opinion, whether by
a member of Congress or a judge, or any other
man, for the purpose of vacating his office. I
trust you would adhere to judicial precedent. It
is necessary to the safety of the institutions of
this country. It is much easier (and in the past
history of the world it has always happened) by
step after step to break down that division into
three coordinate departments which must exist in
every representative government, than it is to re-
establish it when you have once broken it down.
I trust the Senate will at least postpone this bill,
because it is one that is dangerous in its tendency,
and one of the most injurious precedents you.
could establish.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] notifies us that if the
passage of this bill be insisted upon, he will con-
test it in every form. If that is a threat simply,
it has no influence on the Senate. This bill pre-
sents to the Senate some grave considerations
that have not been stated. It has been passed by
the House of Representatives, where Kentucky
and Missouri are represented by known loyal
men, and they say that they think this measure
important. They have said this to me in per-
sonal communication. They say it is important
IP Kentucky, for the reason that Judge Monroe
is not a loyal man. We are not'going to try
Judge Monroe; we are not going to investigate
whether he has been guilty of treasonable con-
duct or not. He is simply an officer receiving a
salary, a compensation from the Governmcnt;and
if his position is questionable, we have a fight to
place an unquestionable man in his stead.
But there is another reason why, in Kentucky,
they need two courts at this present time. Sen-
ators know that a law has been passed by the
Legislature of Kentucky which prevents the col-
lection of debts and the enforcement of civil con-
tracts. This, as is well known by all lawyers,
thrusts upon the Federal courts all the burden of
this business. How long this condition of things
will continue in Kentucky, we do not know. That
is the reason why they require two courts now.
It is a sufficient reason. The only question we
ought to entertain here is, whether this is consti-
tutional.
I think it is. The Senator from Delaware ad-
mits that it is. It is within the power of Congress
