426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
ions are as to whether the first allegiance of a
citizen is due to the United States or to his State ?
Mr. COWAN. I should like very much to
know what his opinion would be, if it was a
question vital to the very existence of the Repub-
lic; and that question is vital here. If the citizen
owes his primary allegiance to his State, then this
.Republic is held together by a rope of sand. If,
on the other hand, he owes it primarily to the
United States, then this is a Government with the
elements of continuance and perpetuation in it.
Mr. POLK. That was not the question I put
tQ the Senator, at all. I did not ask him whether
he would like to know that, but whether the Sen-
ator would legislate a judge out of office because
he did not know what his sentiments were on
that subject? That is the question I put to the
Senator.
Mr. COWAN. I should be very strongly in-
clined to do it if I suspected he was unsound upon
this question; and I should have that suspicion
upon learning-his locality and the company he
kept.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator
from Pennsylvania allow me to ask him one ques-
tion ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania, as a lawyer, whether,
in his opinion, this bill is constitutional, arid will
have the legal effect of legislating these judges out
of office ? 1 expect from him an answer in accord-
ance with his well-known boldness and candor.
Mr. COWAN. I have very great doubts about
that. If it has not that effect, it wili not remove
them. However, that is not the question to which
I am speaking. As I understand this matter, there
are now in the State of Kentucky and the State
of Missouri two parties, and that question in-
volves the exact difference between them. One of
these parties is called the State-rights party, and
* it believes that a man is humid primarily to his
State, and as long as his State is loyal and pre-
serves its fealty, he himself is loyal, too; but the
moment the State, or rather the State organization,
no matter whether it be a majority of the people
of the State or a minority, if the State organiza-
tion cuts the tie which holds it to the General
Government, he himself is released from his alle-
giance. Now, if a judge entertains that opinion,
I take it he is disqualified for his office; and it
would be exceedingly dangerous, and, in my judg-
ment, involve some very absurd consequences, to
allow him to hold that position. A foreigner who
owes his allegiance to the United States and the
United States alone, might be brought before this
judge and convicted of treason because he is a cit-
izen of the United States; while at the same time
a native of the soil, his neighbor, taken in the
same levying of war against the United States,
might acquit lumsclf upon the plea that his State
organization had severed its connection with the
General Government, and therefore he was not
guilty. Now, that that distinction could exist in
the law, and could bo rccognizcd by a judge, is
an absurdity; but that it flows naturally i'rom this
position, is, nevertheless, a logical certainty.
T am assured by the honorable Senators from
Kentucky, that the judge in question there will
decide according to the law; but the question is,
what does he believe to be the law in this case?
The judge in Missouri, I have no doubt, will de-
cide conscientiously what he believes to be the
law; but if he decides a heresy, the more con-
science lie has, the wo'rse it will be for us, and the
more dangerous to the Republic. That heresy,
everybody knows, lies at the very bottom of the
difficulty under which the nation now labors. It
is the very poison which has infused itself into the
vitals of this southern confederacy, giving it rins
terrible life which it now enjoys. I should be
glad then to know, if anybody does know, how
these judges stand upon this question, if they have
ever expressed an opinion upon it.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator asks for the
opinion of Judge Monroe—certainly a very deli-
cate question. I will say, I really do not know
what Judge Monroe's opinions are, on that par-
ticular subject. He has not for more than twenty
years, the time he has been upon the bench, been
mixed up with politics at all, within my knowl-
edge. I never heard him express an opinion on
the subject, and do not know what his opinions
are; but I feei confident, from Judge Monroe's
high character, that while he is an officer of the
Government he will decide according to law, and
be loyal and true to the country he serves.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President 
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Kansas will
allow me a moment 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. I wish to say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, in addition to what I have already
said to him, that I believe nobody knows what
Judge Treat's views are on the questions which
have been before the country of a partisan char-
acter since he went on the bench. I do not know
how he stands in regard to them. I have heard
what he said in the last presidential election, and
I have heard that he did not agree with me; that
he voted for Judge Douglas. Whether he did or
not, I do not know; but he is a man that does not
meddle with politics, now that he has got on the
bench. I know this: that when the circuit court
of the United States was about to be held at St.
Louis—and I know it because I happened to meet
him in the street, and he told me the thing him-
self, and showed me a letter that he had received
from Judge Catron—he requested Judge Catron
to come on there, to be present at the holding of
that court. The charge to the grand jury was
delivered by Judge Catron, who presided; there
being on the bench at the same time not only this
judge of the eastern district, but the judge of the
western district of Missouri; and I suppose the
charge was the sentiment of the court. I am told
Judge Catron said it was in a letter. I suppose
the Senator, of course, has seen that charge. The
Senator can take that charge; and if there is m
thtflf anything that he can except to, or that he
thinks so heretical as that a judge maintaining the
opinion should be disqualified from holding the
office, then I have nothing to say. I believe my-
self that I would not undertake to except Judge
Treat from what is laid down in that charge. If
the Senator has seen that charge, I commend it to
him as the best evidence of Judge Treat's senti-
ments that I can give him. I can give him none
myself.
Now, I give way to the Senator from Kansas,
and beg pardon for interrupting him.
executive session.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doorswere
reopened.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the President pro tempore:
A'bill (H. R. No. • i-l) to provide increased rcv-
^trfuc from imports, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 55) supplementary to an act
entitled "Ail act to protect the commerce of the
United States, and punish ihc crime of piracy."
biy.s become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr.Nic.OLAy, his Secretary, announced
that the President approved and signed, on the
yd of August, an act (S. No. 1G) concerning the
Attorney General and the attorneys and marshals
of the several districts.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed this day the following acts:
An act (S. No. 3) providing for the better or-
ganization of the military establishment;
An act (S. No. 36) to provide for the construc-
tion of one or more armored ships and floating
batteries, and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 52) to provide for the purchase
of arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores,
house bills referred.
The bill (No. 86) to punish certain crimes
against the United States, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The bill (Wo. 101) to promote the efficiency of
the engineer and topographical engineer corps,
was read twicc by its title,
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
(No. 15) requesting the President of the United
States to recommend a day of public humiliation,
fasting, and prayer.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the first amendment of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 96) making further
appropriation for the support of the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1862, and for other
purposes; and had agreed to the second amend-
ment of the Senate to the said bill, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested :
A bill (No. 25) to confiscate property used for
insurrectionary purposes; and
A bill (No. 63) making appropriations for for-
tifications, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 80) authorizing the con-
struction of twelve small side-wheel steamers.
The message furtlierannounced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 99) making appropriation
to pay the expenses of the investigating commit-
tees of the House of Representatives and Senate,
appointed at the first session of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, and of the commission authorized
to examine and report as to the compensation of
all officers of the Government.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
resolution of the House fixing a day for the ad-
journment of the present session of Congress.
NAVAL APl'KOrillATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the second amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 96) making further appro-
priation for the naval service for the year ending
Juno 30, 1868, and for other purposes.
The House amendment was to add to the Sen-
ate amendment the following:
And he if, further enacted, That there he, and hereby is,
appiopriatcd in like manner the sum of §100,000 for the
construction and equipment of gun-boats for service on the
western rivers.
The amendment was concurred in.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the new Army
Register be panted tor the u.se of the Senate.
attorney general^ department.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
67) explanatory of an act entitled "An act con-
cerning the Attorney General and the attorneys
and marshals of the several districts;" which was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that nothing in the act of
which this is explanatory shall be construed to
repeal, modify,or in anyway affect anylawnow
in force defining or regulating the duties of the
Solicitor of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the bill con-
sidered and passed at once, and I will state what
it is. We have passed a bill regulating the dis-
trict attorneys and marshals of the United States.
The Secretary of the Treasury thinks it will in-
terfere with the duties of the Solicitor in his office.
The Attorney General does not intend that it
should interfere with him. I have a note from
each of them on the subject. Secretary Chase is
apprehensive that it will interfere with the Soli-
citor. The Attorney General writes me that he
has not the slightest objection to this explanatory
act. " Indeed," says he, " 1 had no thought that
the first bill did interfere, or ought to interfere,
with the office of the Solicitor." As the Secre-
tary of the Treasury fears it may, he asks that
this explanatory act may be passed, and I hope
it will be sent over to the other House at once. *
The bill was reported to the Senate without
