480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know from
my colleague whetWSr there is any law to prevent
these officers buying this book now ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I am aware that there is not,
but I am also aware of the fact that many officers
of the Army are not able to buy these books; and
I know, myself, that members of Congress have
had to buy them for officers.
Mr. GURLEY. If lam notmistaken,the book
only contains four hundred pages.
Mr. ALDRICH. From three to four hundred.
Mr. GURLEY. If so, they can be'printed in
the Government printing office for fifty cents—
both printed anil bound.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to inquire
whether an order on the part of Congress to fur-
nish these books would not be a departure from
the practice of the House—whether it would not
be undertaking to do something we have never
done heretofore ? I hope that this resolution will
not pass. If you undertake to furnish these offi-
cers with books, they will require your assistance
in furnishing something else—and where will you
Btop?
Mr. GURLEY. I am confident the booksel-
ler would make $10,000 on that contract.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order,
that this resolution is not a report from a commit-
tee. The subject has not been referred to that
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state whether the subject was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am not able to say whether
it was referred or not. I think it was. ,
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think not.
Mr. WRIGHT. The matter was put into my
hands by the committee, to draw up the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If the subject was not re-
ferred to the committee, the point of order must
be sustained.
Mr. WRIGHT. I cannot state that it was.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair sustains the
point of order. «
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
the state of my health, and my other business
engagements, render it impossible for me to de-
vote any time to the commission appointed to
examine and report as to the compensation of all
officers of the Government. I therefore respect-
fully decline the appointment, and ask to be ex-
cused from serving on the commission.
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, was excused.
SMALL SXDE-WIIEEL STEAMERS.
Mr. RICE. I ask to have taken from the Speak-
er's table the Senate amendment to House bill
No. 80, authorizing the construction of twelve
Email side-wheel steamers.
There being no objection, the amendment was
read, as follows:
Line nine, after the word " Navy," strike out tlie words
" ami the revenue serviceso that it will read : " for the
use of tlie N;ivy of tlie United States."
Mr. RICE moved the previous question on the
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NON-PAYMENT OF CENSUS-TAKERS.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Expend-
itures in the Interior Department, reported the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Sccietarv of the Interior be requested
to inform tins iioir-T wliy it is that a portion of tlie poisons
engaged in tile ioyal States in 1800, taking tile census as
deputy marshals,'have not hern paid, and when payment to
such persons may teasonably be cxpeeted.
DAY OP FASTING AND PRAYER.
Mr. ALLEN. I now ask unanimous consent
to call up Senate resolution No. 15, requesting
the President of the United States to recommend
a day of public humiliation, fasting, and prayer.
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken from the Speaker's table and received its
several readings.
Mr. ALLEN moved the previous question on
its passage.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to yield,
that I may offer the amendment which I indicated
this morning.
Mr. ALLEN. I do not wish to have the res-
olution embarrassed, and must decline.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. ALLEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OP MEMBERS.
Mr. HORTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That in case of a vacancy in tlie House by the
resignation of ainember, tiie resigningnieinbcrshall receive
his legal compensation from the Sergeant-at-Arms, front the
4th ot'March until lus resignation; and the member elected
to iill the vacancy shall receive pay from the date of the
jesignation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that the Chair has had some trouble in
certifying as to the pay of members, and would
like to have the question settled definitively.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the resolu-
tion will be put upon its passage; but I beg leave
to suggest whether it would not be well to insert,
after the word "resignation," the words " or
death?"
The SPEAKER. The law provides expressly
in the case of death, but there is no provision for
the case of resignation.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
FORTIFICATIONS, ETC.
Mr. STRATTON, from the Committece of
Ways and Means, reported back, with amend-
ments, Senate bill No. 63, making appropriations
for fortifications, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. The first section appro-
priates $100,000 for the contingencies of fortifica-
tions, to be used and applied under the direction
of the Secretary of War. The second section pro-
vides that any commissioned officer of the Army,
or Navy, or Marine Corps, who, having tendered
his resignation, shall, prior to his receiving notice
of its acceptance by the proper authorities, and
without leave, quit his post and duties, shall be
registered as a deserter, and punished accordingly.
The third section abolishes flogging as a punish-
ment. The fourth section appropriates $5,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Surgeon
General of the Army, in removing the stabling
and other obstructions from the grounds around
the hospital or infirmary, in Washington, used
for the sick of the Army.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Aftci tlie word ''punishment," insert the words "in the
Army."
The amendment was agreed to.
The other amendments, which were merely ver-
bal, were also agreed to.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. STRATTON moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF VOLUNTEERS, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
to pay the expenses of enlisting, enrolling, and
organizing volunteers under the law authorizing
the President to accept the services of volunteers,
for gun-boats, and equipping the same for ser-
vice on the western rivers; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the Senate have
sent here a bill of the House with an amendment,
which covers, in part, the objects of this bill. I
propose, if there be no objection, to take that bill
up, and amend it by adding the other provision
of this bill, which will enable us to dispose of the
matter with less trouble.
There being no objection, House bill No.96,
making further appropriations for the support of
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1862, and for other purposes, was taken from the
Speaker's table, with the amendment of the Sen-
ate thereto.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to taking up
the bill; but I desire to submit some remarks
upon the general subject of it.
The SFEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will first be read.
The Clerk read the firstamendment,asfollows:
Page 1, line sixteen, after tiie word " signals," strike out
"thirty," and insert " twenty."
Mr. STEVENS. That is the provision for pur-
chasing the right to manufacture and use Coston's
night signals. The Senate reduce the appropri-
ation from $30,000 to $20,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG called for tellers upon
concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Ciusfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes sixty-one, a further count not being de-
manded.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
Add at the end of the bill the following paragraphs:
For repairing tiie quarters and outbuildings at Fort Aber-
crombie, .$'7.01)0.
For collecting, drilling, and organizingvolunteers, under
the act authorizing the President to accept five hundred
thousand men, ®20,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I now propose to add at the
end of that amendment as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, appropriated in like manner, the sum of.$100,000,
lor the construction and equipment of gunboats for service
on tlie western rivers.
I hope that the House will adopt this amend-
ment; and that they will then concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman wheth-
er $1,000,000 has not been already appropriated
for gunboats, to be used on the western rivers?
Mr. STEVENS. There has been; but I am
informed by General Meigs that $100,000more is
required.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 should like to say that
I am opposed to that appropriation. I have been
informed by constituents of mine, who have ex-
amined the plans prepared for these gunboats, and
who are well informed on the subject, that it will
be a wasteful expenditure of money. I am op-
posed to this appropriation, therefore, for the rea-
son that I believe the $1,000,000 already appro-
priated is more than can be profitably used for
that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. All I can say is, that I have
the report of the Secretary of Warand the report
of General Meigs, both stating that this appropri-
ation is necessary to be used for these gunboats.
I do not know how the gentleman's constituents
may be interested in these gunboats; but this
comes from official quarters. I demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Senate bill No. 25, to
confiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses', with an amendment, and demanded the
previous question on the third reading of the bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all of section four of the Senate bill, aftertlie
enacting clause, as follows : " That whenever any person
claiming to he entitled to the service or labor of any other
person, under the laws of any State, shall employ such per-
son in aiding or promoting any insurrection, or in resisting
the laws of the United States, or shall permit him to be so
employed, he shall forfeit all riglit to such service or labor;
