1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the person whose labor or service is thus claimed shall
be thenceforth discharged therefrom, any law to the con-
trary notwithstanding;" and insert in lieu thereof, as fol-
lows :
" That whenever hereafter, duiing the present insurrec-
tion against the Government of the United States, any per-^
son claimed to be held to labor or service undei the laws of
any Suite, shall be required or permitted by the person to
whom such labor or service is claimed to be due, or by the
lawful agent of such person, to take up arms against the
United States, or shall be requned or permitted by the person
to whom such service or labor is claimed to be due, or his
lawful agent, to woik or to be employed in or upon any fort,
navy-yard, dock, armory, ship, or intrcnchment, or in any
military ornaval scrvice whatevei, against the Government
and lawful authority of the United States, then, and in
every such case, the person to whom such scrvice is
claimed to be due, shall forfeit his claim to such labor,
any law of the State, or of the United States, to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and whenever thereafter the person
claiming such labor or service shall seek to enforce his
claim, it shall be a full and sufficient answer to such claim
that the person whose serviceor labor is claimed had been
employed in hostile service against the Government of the
United States, contrary to the provisions of this act."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if that is not substantially
the same provision as that reported by the com-
mittee yesterday?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for any pur-
pose whatever. I insist on my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is the same, sub-
stantially. I call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. PORTER. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, my colleague on the committee,
I desire him to permit me to offer an amendment
before the previous question is seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. If there be no objection, I
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion to permit my colleague on the committee to
offer his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to any such
partiality. If the gentleman withdraws the de-
mand for the previous question, let him do it
unconditionally.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I decline to withdraw.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for tellers on
ordering the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vallan-
digiiam and Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 53, noes 42.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. SHEFFIELD called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. McPHEIlSON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw that motion to enable me to
move to postpone the bill until December next.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
would not be in order while the main question is
operating.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays G6; as follows:
YEAS—Meseis. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Geoige If.
Browne, Burnett, C'alveit, (Jobb, Cox, Craven>, Crisfieid,
Chittenden, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Fouke, Gtider, llaight,
Hale, Harding, Holman, Jack-on, Johnson, Law, May,
McClernand, McPherson, Malloiy, Menzies, Moiris, No-
ble, Noiion, Odell, Pendleton, Reid, Robinson, James S.
Rollins, Sbeil, Smith, John B. Steele, Upton, Yallundig-
ham, Yoorhees, Wa<Jsworth, Webster, Whalcy, Wickhtie,
and VVught—4<\
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter. Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Buflinton, Chamberlain, Claik, Collax,
Fredeiick A. Conkling, Covode, Duel!, EdwauK, Eliot,
Fenton, Fes&enden, Fianebot, Fiank, Goodwin, Granger,
Gurley, Harrison. Ilorton, Hiitclnns, Julian, Kelley, Fian-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Landing, Looims, Love-
joy, MeKean,i\IcKnight, Mitchell, Anson P.Monili, Ju-tin
S Alnnill, Ohn, Pike, Alexander II. Ilice, John II. ixice,
Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shella-
barger, Sheiman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, Van Homo, Vem-e, Wall, Chatles W.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Wheelei, Albert S. White, Wm-
dom, and VVoicester—66.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Daring the vote, a message in writing was re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
his Private Secretary, Mr. John G. Nicolay.
% MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying thesHouse
that that body had passed House resolution in
reference to the final adjournment of Congress,
with an amendment, changing the day of adjourn-
ment from Friday, the 2d instant, to Tuesday, the
6th instant, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
w^eft the Speaker signed the same:
bill (H. R. No. 54) to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay the interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 55) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to protect the commerce of the
United States, and punish the crime of piracy."
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SPAULDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the resolution for a final adjourn-
ment.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
taken up.
The Senate returned the resolution, with an
amendment, fixing Tuesday, the 6th, instead of
Friday, the 2d of August, as the day for the
adjournment of Congress sine die.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be agreed to.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.CONFISCATION BILL—AGAIN.
The question recurred on the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary to the confisca-
tion bill.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion he demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Baily, Calvert, Cox,
Cravens, Cnsfield, Ciittenden, Dunlap, Fouke, Grider,
llaight, Harding, Holman, Jackson, Johnson, Law, May,
McClernand, Mallory, Menzies, Noble, James S. Rollins,
Shell, Smith, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Webster,
Wiiuley, Wickhffe, and Wiight—30.
NAYS—Mescr*. Aldnch, Allen, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blan, Blake, Buflinton, Burnett, Chamberlain,
Clark, Collax, Frederick A. Conkling, Itoseoe Conkling,
Oovode, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edwaids, Eliot, English,
Fenton, Fes-cnden, Fianchot, Fiank, Oranger, Gurley,
Hale, Hutchius, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Lansmtr, Lootms, Lovejoy, McKean, Mc-
Kmght, McPherson, Mitchell, An>on l\ Morrill, Justin S.
Moriill, Olin, Pottei, Reid, Alexander II. Rice, Edward II.
Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Spatildtug, John B. Steele, Stevens, Slratton,
Benjamin I?\ Thomas, Tram, Van lIorne,Veriee,Voorliees,
Wadswouh, Wail, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Window, mid Worcester—75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The previous question op-
erates until the bill is read the third time.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment. [Cries of "Oh, no'."] Well,
I will wait and call them on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Is an amendment in
ordei ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent, the previous question having been ordered.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Then I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let it be read for
information.
Objection was made.
The amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
Has the bill been engrossed ? •
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill, and came
to the House already engrossed. It is now too
late to make objection, even if it were not en-
grossed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blah, Blake, Buffinton, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conkling, Covode, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Fen-
ton, Fessenden, Franchot, Frank, Granger, Gurley, Han-
chett, Hairison, Hutcliins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
Kean, Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Olin, Potter, Alexander
II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwigk, Sheffield, Sh§lla-
barger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Benjamin fi\
Thomas, Tram, Van Ilorne, Verree, Wallace, Charles W.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Albert S. White, and
Windom—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Aneona, Joseph Baily, George
II. Browne, Burnett. Calvert, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crit-
tenden, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Fouke, Grider,
llaight, Hale, Harding, Holman, Horton, Jackson, John-
son, Law, May, McClernand, McPherson, Mallory, Men-
zies, Monis, Noble, Norton, Odeil, Pendleton, Porter,
Keid, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Sheil, Smith, John B.
Steele, Stratton, Francis Thomas, Valiandigham,Voorhees,
Wadsworth, Webster, and WicklifFe—48.
So the bill was passed.
During thn vote,
Mr. DIVEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Van valkenburgh,was detained from the House
by illness.
Messrs. McKNIGHTand RIDDLE (notbeing
within the bar when their names were called)
asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
They would have voted in the affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAY. "When it is in order, I would like
to amend the title of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the title of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the title was adopted.
HON. ALFRED ELY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing papers:
To the Hoitse of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of yesteiday, lequestmg information regardingtheim-
piisonment of loyal citizens of the United States by the
forces now in rebellion against this Government, I trans-
mit a report from the Secictary of State, and the copy of a
telegraphic dispatch by which it itfas accompanied.
° ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington,  flugu$t£, 1861.
Department of State, Washington,
•August 1861.
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the Reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of yesterday, re-
questing the President to furnish to thatIlou*e any inform-
ation he may have in his possession on the subject of the
forces now in lebclhon against the Government having in
imprisonment lo\al citizens of the United States; and,
amonsj otheis.the Hon. Alfred Ely, one of the members of
the Hou"?e ot Representatives fiom the State of New York,
has the honor to report to the Piesident that the only inform-
ation possessed by thin Department on the sultjeci is con-
tained m a telegraphic dispatch, a copy of which is annexed.
Respectfully''submitted, • WATin
P WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
The President.
United States Military Telegraph.
Received August 1, 18(51; fiom Richmond, Virginia, July
:JI, J-381.
To Hon. William II. Setvaiid :
X am hero* a pusoner j El>> Arnold, Harris, and McParr,
aie also here. C. HUbON, Jr.
Oil motion of Mr. FENT£>N,the communica-
tion was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT, NEW TOKK.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 59, in relation to the office of attorney of
the United States for the southern district of New
York.
