m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
Mr. BURNETT. What for?
Mr. DIVEN. To put it on its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. Under the Hol-
man resolution, it cannot be taken up for any
other purpose than reference.
Mr. DIVEN. It is necessary for the prosecu-
tion of claims on behalf of the Government.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the Chair to decide
 iy point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. DIVEN. I have a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, recommending this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to debate. Does
the gentleman take an appeal?
Mr. DIVEN. I do not. This is an important
general bill, it is not a private bill. I think that
it is included by the resolution or order of the
House adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that itis
not. The bill can only'be taken up for reference.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield to me for
the purpose of offering a resolution of inquiry,
"which I think the sense of justice of every gen-
tleman will prevent his objecting to. 1 offer it as
a friend of the party most nearly concerned in it.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose. I
want to say, while I am up 
Mr. COX. I object to the gentleman making
a speech, unless he makes a motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I was not going to make a
speech. I was simply going to say a word to the
House, for fear there might not otherwise be a
quorum present. I believe there is no further
business before the House now; but I learn that
there will be on Monday one or two bills worthy
the attention of the House; and I hope there will
be a quorum present then.
JAMES E. IIARVEY.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That tin! President be requested to communl-
cate 10 this House sill corre*pondouee between James E.
Harvey and iuiy of tiie heads of Departments m any way
relating to the charges against said liatvey, growing outof
telegraphic dispatched to and fiom said Uaivey, seized by
the Government; ami also copies of said dispatches, and
any oilier intoi mation he may have relating to the subject.
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. I do not wish to
object to the resolution; but I have just come in,
and I desire to hear the resolution read again,
reserving to myself the right to object.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. COX. Can 1 oiler an amendment to the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not until it is ascertained
whether there is any objection to the introduction
of the resolution.
No objection was made; and the resolution was
received.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I demand the
previous question upon the adoption of the reso-
lution; and having done so, I withdraw it for one
moment, to say that I have considerable informa-
tion with regard to this matter—and I will go a
little further, $nd say from Mi. Harvey himself—
which I think renders it an act of justice, which
tins House ought not to refuse, to inquire at least
as far as this resolution proposes. 1 have no de-
sire to volunteer any information, nor have I any
wish to conceal the information I have. I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from New
York to allow me to offer, as an amendment to
that resolution, the words, "and for valuable
public services."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
ought not to ask that. 'X1 lie amendment is en-
tirely foreign to tins subject.
Mr. COX. It relates to foreign affairs.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. But it is foreign
to this foreign affair.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will listen to
the gentleman.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman's resolu-
tion contains the words u heads of Depaitments."
Is that meant to include all correspondence with
the former heads of Departments, as well as with
the present heads?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The language is
broad enough I think: first, the resolution calls
for all correspondence with any of the heads of
Departments; and secondly, it asks the President
to communicate all other information he may have
in regard to the .subject. Now, I demand the
previous question.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I suggest to the gentleman
that he has not employed the language, "if not
incompatible with the public service," which is
usual to such resolutions.
Mr. ROSCOE CONGLING. I answer the
gentleman that I submitted the resolution to a very
experienced parliamentarian, and after consulta-
tion as to the propriety and utility of those words
in this particular case, I struck them out, as un-
necessary and out of place.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We propose to ad-
journ on Tuesday, and it will, perhaps, be im-
possible to receive that information before that
time. It may be withheld, and at any rate it will
not be received in time to order it to be printed.
As the gentleman has intimated that he has some
information which it would be proper for this
House to hear, unless there may be a decided
objection to it I call upon him to communicate to
the House what information he has upon the sub-
ject. I trust he will withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and give us the information
upon which he buses his resolution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that another member of this
House, [Mr. Covode,] who represents Mr. Har-
vey here more immediately than I do, and who feels
a greater liberty than I do to make use of inform-
ation we both possess, has what he now pro-
duces, and that is a copy of a letter addressed on
the 4th of July, by Mr. Harvey, to the Secretary
of War. It was written from Lisbon, and must
have reachcd the Secretary some days ago. I
received the copy I hold in my hand from Mr.
Covode , to whom it was transmitted by Mr.
Harvey; and if it be the pleasure of the House I
have no personal"objection to its being read, and
for that purpose I withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from New York has a right to withdraw the pre-
vious question, and to read the letter as a part of
his remarks.
Mr. McPHERSON. Have I a right to inter-
pose an objection to the reading of the paper?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. McPHERSON. Then I desire to say that
I made the objection in entire ignorance of the
contents of the letter, which it is said is a private
one; and upon the general ground that it is an ex
parte statement which may involve others, and
should not be read at present. 1 am in favor of
the resolution, and hope that all the facts and
documents will be produced and piinted together.
The letter was read, as follows :
Lisbon, July 4, 1861.
Dear Sir: Upon reaching my destination here, I was
groatly shocked and pained to find base and .serious charges
fulminated against mo, th lough file Washington correspond-
ent of the \Yw Yoid Wei aid of the Bih ot June, which were
evidently mspned by the most vindictive hostility. Of
eour.se I am unable to conjecture, at this distance, and
without any other information on the subject than the in-
famous publication m question, who ha« done me. thisjjiiev-
ous wrong, or what immediate motive prompted the vile
attack on"my chaiactei. it is only left for me to suppose
that some uusciupulous enemy has seized the oppoituntty
of m v absence to slake his tint for vengeance, by distort-
ing tacts, pel verting the lecord, and indulging in the wotst
mWiepie-ientation. X piopo-e to contiont rhe.se audacious
accusations at a propel time and in a piopcr way. What
public notice I may feel called upon to take of them will
depend entucly upon the tenor ot my next intelligence from
the United States. Certainly, 1 .shall not penmt my good
name, which is all I possess 011 earth, ami which nevei
has been sullied by stain or suspicion, to be assailed with
impunity now.
The tust dispatch 011 this subject appealed in the Her-
ald ot the Till o! June, and closed in these words: ki The
Secietarv of War is, it is said, much gueved at the intelli-
gence,''releriuig to tiie ehaige that I had impropeily com-
municated nitoimation to Mr. Magrath,of Charleston. I
assume that tins statement is an uinvariantable hheity
taken with your name, to stimulate prejudice against me,
because thete was no discoveiy to make wluchcould ex
cite any such emotion. All the dispatches in the Washing-
ton ofuce had been furnished to you and to the Secretaiy of
State seveial weeks helore the geneial .seizure was pub-
licly and piopeily oideieti, and you had thus every particle
of evidence which, 111 ouler to give foice to his false accu-
sation, my calumniator pietends was suddenly discovered.
This subject was a mattui of conference between yourself,
Mr. Seward, and otheis, long in advance of my departure
from Washington, and, indeed, my commission was neither
received nor accepted until several weeks had subsequently
elapsed. These are facts of record, and f only cite them
to show how far perverse malignity will navel in pursuit
of criminal revenge. There was nothing in my conduct to
conceal, and it never was and never could be fanly ques-
tioned. It there had been a seiious doubt, of cotirse you
would have brought it to the notice of the President; or, if
indisposed to do that, you would have communicated with
me when you first came into possession of the dispatches.
I conferred fieely with you the very day before my depait-
ure from Washington, and was treated cordially and con-
sideiately, although you had been fully apprised, foi weeks
previous, of the circumstances winch my secret and bitter
enemies now make a giound of complaint and reproach.
But it is hardly necessary to refer to such incidents to
refresh your recollection of events so recent, as no one
knows better than you do the reasons which actuated me
throughout. Since, however, I rely upon you to sec justice
done me, and the pressure of public affairs may have dis-
placed some of the material facts 111 your mind, I pioposo
to recite them briefly for that puipose. You were promptly
informed of the communications winch passed between Mr.
Magrath and myself, and of the considerations which led to
them. I never had, directly or indirectly, a line of corre-
spondence with him, except what you have seen in the tel- .
egrams referred to. He was a school-mate of mine, and an
old friend. I had good reason to believe that he was averse
to a collision, and would do everything to prevent it by per-
sonal and other influence. You must remember perfectly
well how all the nitoimation, at the time I took this part,
threatened a daily attack on Fort Sumter by the so-called
confederate army, which all good men in Washington and
in Chaileston desired to prevent. When it was considered
settled that Major Andeison would be withdrawn, I tele-
graphed the fact to Mr. Petigru, Mr. Magiath, and others,
hoping to avert what then seemed to be the impending ca-
lamity of bloodshed, and to postpone, at least, the inaugu-
ration of eivil war. A few days elapsed, and he was not
withdiawn ; when Mr. Magrath inquired of me if mypievi-
ous information was correct. 1 earned his dispatch to you
at Willard's hotel, informing you at the same time of my
telegram to lum. You suggested that I should take it to
Mi. Seward, which I did, at the Department of State, and
in leply to my question, what answer [ should send to
Charleston? he said, substantially, that time would vindi-
cate my previous assutauee. I returned to you, stated what
had occurred, and you then infoimed mo Anderson would
be witluliawn. I telegiaphcd Mr. Magrath aceoidmgly,
without giving any authonty but my own,and I felt glad at
being the medium of a communication whieii 1 then thought
would preserve the peace, and give misguided men a chance
to retrace their steps.
It was then, or soon after, reported that the authorities
in South Carolina would not consent to the voluntary with-
drawal of AndtShsou, but would demand a iounal capitula-
tion. Knowing that such a concession never could ami
never ought to be made by the Government, and fearing it
might interrupt the peaceable retnement of Andeison, I
stated the rumor by telegiaph to Mr. Magrath, asking if it
weic true; and saying, it it was, the friends of peace would
be tendered powerless. lie sent me an authouzed and de-
cided assuranec to the conliary. 1 sought you immediately
at the War Depaitment, and submitted the dispatch. It
made so much impression on your nuud, that you lequcstcd
me to take it forthwith to the President, and ga\e me a
note to him (wfiich I still retain") to facilitate my admission
in case of delay. I informed the President hastily of all
the antecedent circumstances which culminated 111 that
dispatch, and he proposed to retain it, as the subject was
mil undetermined in his mittd, in older to have the inform-
ation before him with the other papers. I consented, and
lett it.
You know better than I do what causes led to the change
of purpose in regard to Andei.son'.s withdrawal. Tip to tiie
last hour I laboied and hoped t« avoid a collision at Fort
Sumter, and I believe conscientiously it would have been
saved, but for the wish pieeipitaney of the adviser? about Mr.
Jefferson Davis, if the authorities 0! South Casoliua had
alone been consulted. I feel sure theie would have been no
attack, and I think tiie remfoi cements could have been en-
tered. The reasons for this opinion would lequue too much
space to be set forth fully, and therefore f state it broadly
as a conviction, resultingfiom various forms of information.
The men who were willing to have such a ic-ult accom-
plished were ignoied by the dominating spirits at Mont-
gomciy, who forced forward astate of tilings that produced
the present crisis, which, though lamentanle in many re-
spects, ispeihapsU toitunatejhialc to the pievtons chapter
of event's, since it has stirred the populai heart with one
mighty impulse, and brought all parties to see the necessity
of sustaining the Government, and of upholding the integ-
rity of the Constitution and Union.
My whole action in this matter was voluntary, and in-
spued by a sense of the highest and best patriotism. I can
appeal to Cod honestly and feailessiy for the rectitude of
niv intentions, as for then peit'ect punty and disinterested-
ness. And when we ail meet before the bar ©t eternal jus-
tice, and our hearts are exposed, I have an abidihu trust
that t lie one act of my life which will plead most successfully
for mcicy and the forgiveness of many error-* and infirm-
ities will be that which has so unjustly piovoked this cruel
calumny.
I shall not indulge in crimination, or permit my natural
feelings of indignation against such an outiage to find ex-
pression now. Indeed, it has saddened me too deeply for
any such emotion, and I fear almost to leceive my next
letters, dreading the effect which may have been produced
011 those who are nearest and dearest to me, but who aie
le&vS able to bear up against isucii an affliction. Although I
have never been a paitisan of yours, I have felt, from your
repeated decimations, some little claim for services volun-
tarily rendered you in the course of the last fifteen years,
and for which, as you well know, I have never asked or
received recognition in any mannei or form, ft has been
my misfortune to disagree often and radically with some of
your professed friends; stiH I have never failed to do your
public position justice, or to respond to your calls upon
