1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that Senators refrain from loud conversation in
order to the facility of the business before thebody.
It is the duty of the Chair to preserve the order
of the Senate. However delicate and however
difficult it may be, the Chair will perform that
duty to the extent of the exercise of all the au-
thority with which he is invested under the rules
of the Senate and the common parliamentary law.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, who have had under consideration the bill
(H.R. No, 87) authorizing additional enlistments
in the United States Navy, have instructed me to
report it with an amendment, which is simply
striking out the marines. I ask the consideration
of the bill at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to cause to be enlisted in the Navy
of the United States, for the term of three years,
or during the war, such number of able seamen,
ordinary seamen, boys, and marines, as he may
judge necessary and proper to place the entire
Navy of the United States, and all vessels that
may be added to it, in a state of the utmost effi-
ciency for active service.
The amendments of the Committee on Naval
Affairs were, in line six to insert the word "and"
before "boys," and to strike outthe words "and
marines."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
THE ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
bill to authorize the increase of the corps of en-
gineers.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 101) to promote the
efficiency of the engineer and topographical corps.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert this
amendment:
That there shall be added to each of the corps of engi-
neers and topographical engineers, by regular promotion of
their present officers, two lieutenant colonels and four
ijutjors.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the corps of topogiaphical engineers one company
of soldiers, to be commanded by appit>puat£ officers of said
corps, to have the same pay and rations, clothing, and other
allowances, and to be entitled to the same baftefits, in every
iexpect, as the company cieated by the act "for the organ-
ization of a company of sappuis, and liiinejs, and poiiton-
iers," approved May 16, 1846. The said company shall be
subject to the rales and articles of war, and shall have the
same organization as the companies of engineer soldicis
attached to the corps of engineer*?.
Sec. 3. Jlml be it further enacted, That vacancies here-
after occurring among the commissioned officers of the vol-
unteer regiment5? shall be filled by the Governors of the
States respectively, in the same manner as original appoint-
ments ; and so much of the tenth section of the act of the
22d of July, 1861, as is inconsistent theiewitli, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is heieby authorized to appoint two ad-
ditional inspectors geneial for the United States Aimy; the
said inspectors general to have the same rank and iwceivc
the same pay and allowances as now provided by law for
inspectois geneial.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now propose another amend-
ment, which I move separately, because it in-
volves a separate subject, and may lead to some
difference of opinion:
Jlml be it further enacted, That so much of the first sec-
tion of the bet appiovcd August 3, 1804, as aatuuiL&es the
appointment of civilians to s-uperintend the national arm-
ones. be, and the same is hcichy, repealed; and that the
supemitcndents of these aimoiios shall be appointed here-
after Hum officers of the Ordnance department.
I wish simply to say, in regard to this amend-
ment, that the change from military to civil super-
intendence was made a few years ago, and when
it was made I was in favor of it; but subsequent
reflection has convinced me that it was an error.
The increase of the expenditures under civil su-
perintendence has been nearly one third over the
expenses under military superintendence. At the
present time, we are making a large number of
arms at our armories; we propose to spend sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars in increasing the
force and strength there; and it is desired by the
Ordnance department to place that institution in
the care of the most experienced man that can be
put in it, for the construction of arms. I believe
the public good requires it. My sympathies and
my feelings are the other way; but my judgment
is, that this change will add greatly to the effi-
ciency of that department in fabricating arms. I
have no doubt upon that point.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer another amendment; to
insert as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pay of the non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates of the Armv of
the United States be increased at the rate of four dollars
per month, and to continue l'or three years from the passage
of this act, and until otherwise fixed by law.
I will simply say that when our present trou-
bles bfoke out, many of the cities, towns, and
States, increased the pay of their ninety-days vol-
unteers vf ry much over the pay allowed them by
the Federal Government, which was eleven dol-
lars per month. Those men have returned home.
We now propose to raise a large number of men
for three years, and the intelligence from several
portions of the country is, that it is more difficult
to raise men now than formerly; the bounties
offered by the cities, towns, and States, do not
apply ; and the public interest requires that we
shall increase the pay of the volunteers from
eleven to fifteen dollars a month, which seems to
mea reasonable compensation. The amendment,
therefore, proposes to add four dollars a month
to the pay of the non-commissioned officers and
privates of the volunteer forces.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator whether this increase applies to the regular
Army also?
Mr. WILSON. No; I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do you expect to
get any regulars, then?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether this amendment- is re-
ported from a committee or not?
Mr. WILSON. It is not reported by the com-
mitte, but has been assented to by several mem-
bers of the committee this morning on consulta-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it is the
most ungracious task in the world to object to the
increase of the pay of the volunteers" or of the
regular Army. I scarcely know what to do about
it. It seems to me, an amendment of this kind
ought not to be adopted without the gravest con-
sideration. The habit of Senators to introduce
these important amendments, and require us to
vote upon them without any opportunity for de-
liberation and consideration, it seems to me, is a
very hazardous experiment. The honorable Sen-
ator the other day reported an appropriation of
§20,000,000, without any check, limitation, or
restraint. If I had read it, or had had five min-
utes' time to consider it, I should ceitainly have
objected to it. It was a departure from the estab-
lished rules and customs of appropriations, and
should have been fully and fairly considered, and
some restraint and limit put upon it. Now, a
proposition is made here to add one third to the
pay of the Army; and yet no committee has acted
on it; noconsideration of it has been had. I trust,
therefore, that the Senate will not adopt it;at least,
without full examination. I shall certainly vote
against it.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the amend-
ment, and introduce it as a separate bill,and send
it to the committee for examination, if that be
thought more proper. [" Oh, no."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the amendment?
Mr. WILSON. Before doing so, I wish to say
a single word. We have had the most pressing
calls within the last two days, from leading men
of the country, to legislate on this subject, and
expressing their deliberate judgment that, unless
we did so, it would be a souice of the greatestre-
gret to us and of disadvantage to the country. I
am not able to judge whether it bo so or not. If
the Senatorthinks the proposition hastily brought
in, I wili have it referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and call the committee together
to consider it, or send it to any other committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have resisted and objected
to the increase of the staff of the Army, the pay
of the officers of the Army, and the expenses of
the Army and all the departments of the Govern-
ment. "I have failed ia every instance, and I cer-
tainly will not now make a stand upon the pay Of
the soldier; and I leave the gentleman to take his
own course in regard to it..
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to go into any
extended remarks upon it; but I am tery glad
this amendment has been introduced. There is
no just proportion between the pay of the soldier
and the officer. It requires but very little con-'
sideration to know that eleven dollars a month is
not enoiigh for a soldier or for any other man. I
am decidedly in favor of this amendment, and I
hope it will not be withdrawn, but will be adopted
by the Senate; for I feel persuaded we are not pay-
ing enough to our soldiers. . .
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether this amendment applies only to the yol-
untecr force, or to the volunteer force and the reg-
ular Army ?
Mr. WILSON. It applies to both.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. POLK. I was only going to subjoin 
Mr. WILSON. In order to make this matter
right, I will withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POLK. I yield to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. By the advice of Senators
around me, and especially my colleague on the
committee, the Senator from New York, [Mr.
King,] I will withdraw the amendment, and offer
it as a separate bill, and send it to the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Missouri. I wish to offer
an amendment, to insert as an additional section:
Jlnd be it farther cnactcd,, That this Congress rccommend
the Governots of the acveiai States to convene their Legis-
latures for the purpose of calling an election to select two
delegates fiotn each congressional district, to meet in gen-
eral convention at Louisville, in Kentucky, on the iirst
Monday in September next; the purpose of the said con-
vention to be to devise measures for the restoration ofpoace
to our country.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, there is no
one, perhaps, within the limits of the Union who
is more anxious that peace should be restored to
our country than 1 am; but, sir, in the presence of
a large, organized army, engaged in an effort to
overthrow the institutions of the country, and
permanently to divide these States that have so
long existed as one people, I do not think any
such proposition as this ought to be made until
that army shall be disbanded, und until an offer
to meet those who desire peace shall be made to
them by those who are engaged in this rebellion.
I cannot, therefore, entertaining these views, vote
for the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri—not that I would not go as far as he
will go, or any other Senator on this floor, to allay
the strife in our land; but I think that proposi-
tions of this kind, coming from the Senate of the
United States at this hour, are inopportune; and,
instead of aiding the effort that may be made for
peace, they will prolong the civil war that is now
raging in the country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish merely to amend
the rcmaik made by the Senator from Virginia.
He says this proposition would be inopportune.
1 say it would be intensely cowardly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bayatd, Breckinridge, Bright, Johnson
of Missouri. Latham, Pearce, Polk, Powell, and Sauls-
burv—9.
NAY.S—Messrs. Baker, Browning", CarSile, Chandler,
Claik, Coliamer, Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden,
Fuol Foster. Gnmes, Harris, II owe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Rice, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wihriot, and
Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
