1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Department-for all the information on the subject,
to enable him to communicate it to the Senate;
that he had not yet received an answer from the
War Department, but that at his first moment of
leisure he would go personally to that Department,
obtain the information,and communicate itto the
Senate; and some time to-day, probably, his com-
munication will reach us. I ask the Senatorfrom
Connecticut to permit the matter to lie until we
receive an answer from the President in response
to the resolution which we adopted. It is import-
ant to us that we should have all the information
we can get, before we act on this subject. For
one, I am not willing to act until the information
does come before us.
Mr. CLARK. I desire simply to make one
suggestion in regard to making this a test vote.
I do not wish to be put in that position, because
I do not know how I may vote on the report of
the committee. I may vote one way 111 regard
to taking it up, and perhaps vote differently in
regard to the matter when it comes up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I cannot consent to vote to proceed
to the consideration of this question now, because
I have not yet had on my table, 01- if it has been
laid there it has not come to my hands, the report
of the committee, and I am not prepared to actat
once without having that document before me, and
without having some time to consider it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
in regard to the test on taking up this subject. 1
do not understand, as the Senator from New
Hampshire does, that it is a test upon the light
of either party to the seat; but merely a test as to
whether the question should be considered at this
session or not, that is all.
Nov/ ! have not entirely agreed with the Sen-
ator from Connecticut 111 this matter; but I do
agree that a privileged question of this character
should be settled by the Senate. I think it has a
superior claim; am! having been upon the com-
mittee and their views being embodied in the re-
port of the committee, which has been published
and laid on our tables—111 that respect, the Senator
from Missouri is under a misapprehension; the
report is published, and lying upon the tables of
the Senators 
Mr. POLK. I do not say it was not published.
I say it has not been put upon my table that I
know of. If it has been, I have riot got hold of
it, and I have not had an opportunity of seeing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been 011 my table.
I cannot answer, of course, whether it was upon
the table of the Senatorfrom Missouri. But, sir,
I think this one of those questions that should be
settled. I think it is due to the body to determine
who its members are.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope the gentleman will
indulge me one moment on a question of order.
Mr. President, I take it a privileged question is
a question that docs not require a vote to take it
up. If it docs, it is not privileged at all. Every-
thing can be taken up 111 that way. I take it,
when a privileged question is called, it is up; that
is its privilege. I know it is within the control
of the Senate. They may defer it; that may lay
it 011 the table for another day, or for two hours,
or anything else; btrt, I take it, it takes action to
dispose of it, not to get it up. As 1 have said,
if it requires that, there is no privilege in it. That
is my view of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had but a word to say,
and that was in regard to considering the matter
at tins session. I have always believed and al-
ways acted on that idea, that it was the duty of
the Sejiate, and one of its first duties, to determine
the right of its members to seats. We have had
several of these cases since I have been a mem-
ber of the Senate, and I have thought that it was
very unjust to the parties interested to have their
cases postponed, and that it was wrong to the
body itself that questions should be decided here
by persons whose right to seats was not yet set-
tled. I am not very clear about this question;
but as at present advised, I am inclined to dilier
with the report of the majority of the committee,
and the conclusions to which they have come. I
did not concur in that report, and although that
is the inclination of my mind, still I think it is
due to the body that questions of this kind should
be settled. The report of the majority of the
committee presents all that it is necessary to pre-
sent in the view I entertain in fegard to it, and
therefore I am willing it should be taken up. I
understood the Senator from Indiana to say—and
I say this in reply to my colleague—that a com-
munication from the President, in reply to his
resolution, had been received this morning.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. And ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And ordered to be printed,
I am informed.
Mr. FOSTER. I fancy not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that an im-
portant communication bearing on this point was
introduced this morning, and has been ordered to
be printed; a letter from the AdjutantGeneral,on
the very fact upon which this case turn«. I sup-
pose, until we have that letter before us, or have
it printed, we cannot very well act upon it.
Mr. BROWNING. There must be some mis-
apprehension somewhere in regard to the reply
of the President to the resolution which passed
this body. Now, the question as to whether we
shall consider this case at the present session I
do not conceive to be the one now under consid-
eration. My colleague appears to regard this as
a test as to whether the case shall be considered
at all or not. I only propose that it shall be
postponed until the reply of the President reaches
us. I think it will not be respectful to him, and
certainly it would not be safeforus, to enter upon
the consideration of the main question until we
had heard from him in reply to the resolution.
In a conversation with him on the subject, this
morning, I got from him the distinct understand-
ing that he had not yet replied to the resolution,
because he had not been able to obtain from the
War Department the information necessary to
enable him to make a satisfactory response; that
he would obtain it as soon as he possibly could,
and that we might expect a communication fiom
him on the subject to-day. I am satisfied that I
cannot be mistaken in that, from the fact that he
showed me an answer that he had prepared to the
resolution, which he said was not satisfactory to
himself; and he would, as soon as he could have
time, go over to the Department, get possession
of all the facts, and communicate them to this
body. I desire, for one, that we shall have that
communication before us before we act on the
subject; and I only propose that it be postponed
for the present moment, notfor the entire session.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the question be-
fore the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to take up the report of the Committee 011 the
Judiciary.
Mr. COLLAMER. I insist on the point of
order, that it is up, and requires no vote to take
it up. It requires a vote to lay it down, to dis-
pose of it; bu.t the " privilege" is what brings it
up. It has that privilege; and therefore this mo-
tion to take it up is not in order. Any Senator,
can call it up.
Mr. BAYARD. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Vermont, tiiat a privileged question
comes up of course, or else there is 110 meaning
in the word. A majority of the Senate mtiy un-
doubtedly, on the motion of any Senator, post-
pone the question; but surely, the word implies
that whenever a report is ma fie 011 a subject which
is a privileged question, 011 the request of a Sen-
ator, it must be considered by the Sgnate, unless
postooned by order of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the judg-
ment of the Chair, the privilege which attaches to
the main question attaches to the collateral ques-
tion to proceed to its consideration; butthe whole
question, neveitheless, notwithstanding that priv-
ilege, is under the control of a majority of the
body. It is 111 order to move to proceed to the
consideration of that privileged question; and that
motion is a privileged question, and takes prece-
dence overall other and ordinary questions before
the Senate. For that reason, the Chair gave pre-
cedence to this motion over the consideration of
the resolution introduced by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Lane] is mistaken in saying that
there has been any reply received from the Ex-
ecutive on the subject of the resolution of inquiry
passed by the Senate some days ago. The Senar
tor from Illinois apprehends that it will be disre-
spectful to the Executive to proceed with, tfjse(
consideration of this report until an answerfi'Offl
the Executive is received. I have, I trust, all due'
respect for the Executive, and alldue respect to
this body; but I mast say that, in my opinion-,
this body is a better judge of the qualifications of
its members than the Executive of the United
States; and it becomes us, and not him, to settle
the question. If he have any peculiar information
on the subject to communicate to us, it is cer-
tainly not billy right, but it is a duty on our part "
to hear him; but to submit questions of the quali-
fication of members of this body to the Executive
to be tried and disposed of by him, is not-within
my judgment, and not the way provided by the
Constitution for. determining whe is entitled to a
seat on the floor of the Senate.
The question of the right of the contestant to
a seat here was referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. It remained for a length of time under con-
sideration by thatcommittee,and the Senatorfrom
Indiana then introduced a resolution calling upon
the Executive for information. Whether the ob-
ject was that this subject should be pursued by
the Judiciary Committee and by the Executive at
the same time or not, of course I am not aware.
Whether or not the Senator from Indiana sup-
posed the Committee on the Judiciary would not
be competent to ascertain the facts or not, of course
I know not. The committee, however, were
charged with the duty by the Senate. They have
endeavored to perform that duty, perhaps very
imperfectly, perhaps very unsatisfactorily; never-
theless, they have undertaken to perform it, and
they have brought the result of their work to the
attention of the Senate. Now, sir, I submit it is
no reason for its postponement, because the Ex-
ecutive has been called upon to investigate the
same subject. He may have, of course, much
higher ability, much better information, and be
enabled to throw much more light on the question
than the committee. All that is quite possible,
perhaps probable; but after all, the question re-
garding the labors of the committee, 1 think, with
due deference, may be passed upon. If they af-
ford no light, they may be set aside, and we may
wait then for light from the Executive. 1 appre-
liend, however, on examination of the report, it
will be found that what light can be shea upon
the subject by the Department, where we are told
by the Senator from Illinois the Executive pro-
poses to. seek for-light on the subject, is already
before the Senate, and we may act upon it as un-
derstandingly now as hereafter.
Mr. President, as I said in the outset, I am not
disposed to press this matter on the attention of
the Senate when they are not disposed to consider
it; but I repeat what I said before, that a question
of this sort is of such paramount importance that,
all ordinary business ought to yield to it, and it
ought to be considered prior to any other than the
most pressing business. The postponement of
the subject now seems to me to be clearly a post-
ponementof it for this session; for, by joint reso-
lution, Congress adjourns to-morrow at twelve
o'clock. In less than twenty-four hours from this
time this session of Congress will be at ail end.
A subjectof this sort will necessarily lead to some
discussion, and, if it is not taken up to-day, who
supposes it will be taken up to-morrow and con-
sidered before twelve o'clock, meridian ? I repeat,
therefore, it seems to me to be fairly a test ques-
tion whether the Senate propose to consider this
matter at the present time—I mean by the pres-
ent time, this session—-or propose to postpone it
until the next. I shall vote, therefore, to proceed
to the consideration of the matter now, because 1
think it ought not to be postponed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It seems to me, with
all respect to the distingnished'Senator from Con-
necticut, that his remarks are calculated to raise
a false issue here. He says, and very properly,
under the Constitution of the United States this
body is the judge of the qualifications of its own
members. Thatisvery true,and we do notseek
to destroy that right of the Senate to judge of the
qualifications of its own members. But the seat
of a Senator on this floor is contested upon the
ground that he has been appointed abrigadier gen-
eral, and has accepted that appointment. The
President of the United States has the appointing
power. He, of all others, knows whether he has
