1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
when I do,-if to lead them it be necessary to ob-
tain the appointment from the General Govern-
ment, then will I inform the President of the Senate
and the secretary of State of Kansas of the fact,
and that I have surrendered ray seat on this floor
to the noble people who conferred it upon me.
Mr. President, I admit to the Senator from Now
Jersey and to the Senate that the committee was
kind to me. At the meeting of the committee
when this question was decided, I was in the
room of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
had informed the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] by letter that I desired to go before that
committee if any member had any doubts on this
question. I addressed, I think, two or three notes
to the chairman of the same purport. I repeat
what I said the otfyer day, that, from over-modesty
or over-confidence, I did not have an opportunity
of being heard before the committee until after
they had decided the question by a bare majority
against me.
Sir, I am here as the representative of the State
of Kansas; and in her name I ask of this Senate
that I may have an opportunity, either by a com-,
mittee or otherwise, to inquire into the facts; and
in the first place I desire to exhibit to the Senate
that paper which is called an appointment. I will
not assert that it is conditional; but it will be
strange, indeed, if in that appointment they do
not embody that understanding. I did not read
the paper carefully. That understanding was,
that I was not to entertain the subject of briga-
diership until the brigade was full, and until they
had chosen me as their leader. I know that  ill
some particulars, the original differs from this
copy. From a mere casual examination, I say
that much.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
takes this occasion to state that the question be-
fore the Senate is not on the consideration of the
report of the committee, nor the main question
involved in it. The simple and only question
before the Senate is, whether the Senate will pro-
ceed to the cons,deration of that report; and de-
bate must be confined to the question before the
Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make one
further statement, and then I have done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
feels obliged to state this, considering the short
time remaining for legislation. The Chair will
call Senators to order when they depart from the
proper question before the Senate. The Chair
makes a general remark, not personal to the Sen-
ator from Kansas. _
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say, if in
order, that I shall ask the Senate, at a proper
time, if it is not proper now, for permission to
show that the appointments of General Weirand
Colonel Montgomery were in my individual ca-
pacity, as organizer of the regiments under the
letter from the Secretary of War accepting the
two regiments; that the circular that is produced
in evidence against mc was no* signed by me at
all, either as an individual or as brigadier general,
and that I drew only the body of the circular;
and handed the same to General Weir, for publi-
- cation on his arrival in Kansas.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It certainly is no pleasur-
able duty to appear to occupy an antagonistic
position to any gentleman on this floor. It re-
quires a person of my constitution to have some
considerable spurring on by a sense of duty, to
pursue that course. I shall confine myself to the
question of postponement. At the time I was
happy to yield the floor to the Senator from Kan-
sas, I was speaking of the propriety of the post-
ponement of this subject. I said if this matter
were to be postponed for the purpose of getting
the opinions of the President, I thought it was
not well grounded. We have not acted upon
opinions. I beg leave to say that the opinion of
the Secretary oif War was before the committee,
stating expressly, in answer to a telegraphic dis-
patch, that the sitting Senator had been appointed
a brigadier general, and had accepted the appoint-
ment, in so many words. The committee con-
sidered that as a mere opinion of the Secretary of
War, which was not to be taken to the prejudice
of the sitting member. The committee acted on
the facts of the case; and I may be permitted to
say, in answer to the apparent injustice that may
have occurred to the sitting Senator, that before
the contestant c&me here to claim the seat unuei
the authority of an appointment from the Gov-
ernor of Kansas, he had the express language of
the Secretary of War that General Lane had been
appointed a brigadier general, and had accepted
the appointment; so that there may be injustice
done on the other side.
Now, sir, if it is a question of fact that Sena-
tors wish to establish, I submit to the Senate—in-
asmuch as this body has been in session for five
weeks; inasmuch as this question has been before
the Senate, and the Senator from Kansas knew
of the pressure that was to be made upon this
Senate; as he could have obtained this evidence
from the President and from the Department—
whether, at this late hour, within twenty-four
hours of the adjournment of the Senate, this sub-
ject is further to be postponed, in order to enable
the sitting Senator to produce that testimony
which he could have haa at any time during the
last five weeks; the consequence of which may be
the postponement of the right of the contestant to
a seat on this floor entirely.
If it be in order, I beg leave to say to the Sen-
ator from Kansas, although he claimed a post-
ponement, and asked it on the ground that his
appointment was different from the copy which
is produced here, I did not understand him to say
that the variance was a material one. A mere
verbal difference ought not to affect the case in the
judgment of the comimttee. The committee, in
the prosecution of thisdisagreeably duty, thought
that the Senate ought to act on the facts which
were produced before the committee on both sides,
and upon such additional facts as may be pro-
duced before this Senate, provided they can be
during its present session, without prejudice to
the rights of the sitting member. Having said
this much, I will say no more.
Mr. BROWNING. I will occupy a moment
only in a word of reply to the Senator from Con-
necticut. I have not proposed any delay of this
matter for the purpose of obtaining the opinion of
the President of the United States or of any other
person; not am I aware that the President has
volunteered to give his opinion to the Senate on
this or any other subject. After the report of the
committee upon this case was laid before the Sen-
ate, it was asserted by Senators that all the facts
in the case had not been before the committee, and
had not been communicated to the Senate by the
committee, and thereupon this body adopted a
resolution calling on the President to communi-
cateotherinformation than that which was already
in our possession, and we adopted that resolution.
The President has "volunteered nothing. It was
not a resolution asking him for his opinion. It
was a resolution asking him to communicate to
the Senate facts which were supposed to be neces-
sary to be put in possession of the Senate to
enable Senatois to act understanding^ on the
subject.
Mr. FOSTER. If the gentleman will allow me,
I think he is mistaken in saying that that resolu-
tion was adopted after the report of the committee.
It was before the report of the committee that it
was adopted.
Mr. BROWNING. I was of the impression
that it was after the report of the committee; but
whether it was before or after, we passed a reso-
lution calling upon the President to communicate
to us facts, not to give us his opinion. If we
did not intend that those facts should be laid be-
fore us, wo should never have passed the resolu-
tion. Having passed it, it becomes us, I think,
to wait a reasonable time for the response; and
particularly as it is asserted that there are facts
not before us, and important to be known to us
before we act on the subject at all. If we do not
wait for it, we had better rescind the resolution.
I know that the President is preparing his reply.
What that response is to be I have no knowledge.
It was not my business to ask it, nor was it his,
perhaps, to communicate it to me; but that he is
engaged in collecting the facts, for the purpose of
laying them before the Senate, I do know; and I
think, therefore, we ought to wait a reasonable
and respectful time forthecoming in ofthat reply.
It is not a proposition to postpone the subject.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I went with the Sen-
ator from Illinois on Saturday morning, and with
him this morning, to hasten this reply; andwhenl
left the War Office this morning, the President of
the United States was in the office getting together
the papers that he deemed important for a full
and fair decision of this xjofestion'; and he frifi
transmit those papers to the Senate to-da;y. • fie
so informed the Senator from Illinois and myseflf:
The question being taken by yeas aad;ftayS,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows; ■ ]
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Breckinridge, Carlile, Cowan,
Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Pearce, Powell, Simmons, Ten Eyelc,Tram-
bull, and Wade—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bingham, Bright, Browning,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Fessenden, Hale, Harlan,-Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, Polk, Rice, Saulstrary, Sherman,
Sumner, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—21/
So the Senate refused to proceed to.the consid-
eration of the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
OFFICE OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE." ,
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the resolution th^t
was before the Senate prior to the motion of the
Senator from Connecticut will come up now.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Chair will
state the business-before the Senate. The ques-
tion before the Senate which was set aside for this
privileged question, was the resolution introduced
by the Senator from Vermont, and that is now
before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 mov'e that that be post-
poned for the present, and we can take ap some
legislative business that itis absolutely necessary
to pass this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the consideration of that resolution will
be informally passed over.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 41) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to authorize a national loan, and
for other purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 53) to prohibit the sale of spirit-
uous liquors anel intoxicating drinks in the Dis-
trict of Columbia in certain cases;
A bill (S. No. 58) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States," approved
July 29, 1801; ,
A bill (S. No. 64) to reduce the consular fees for
vessels running to or between foreign ports; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) to pay to the
wido w of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount
due to him as a Senator at the time of his death.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOCSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 59) in relation to the office of attor-
ney of the United States for the southern district
of New York; and
A bill (No. 67) explanatory of an act entitled
" An act concerning the Attorney General and the
attorneys and marshals of the several districts."
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 96) making further appropriation for the sup-
port of the naval service for the year ending June
30,1862, and for other purposes; which thereupon
received the signature of the President pro tem-
pore.
ARMY AND VOLUNTEER MILITIA.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to introduce a bill
of whicl^no previous notice has been given; and
I should'hke to have it considered now, for it is
very important that it should be acted upon.
The bill (S. No. 70) in relation to the Army
and volunteer militia of the United States was read
a first time by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The bill will
now receive its second reading, if there be no
objection.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to hear the bill
read at length before I consent that it shall have
its second reading now. I do not think it is treat-
in" the Senate with proper consideration to have
a bill read twice in one day before we know what
it is. Let us see what it is; and if it be not objec-
tionable, of course there will be no opposition to it.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length for the information of the Senate.
