4:4:2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 5,
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be ft enacted, #c., That all the acts, proclamations, and
orders of the President of the United States, after the 4tli
of March, 1861, respecting the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States,and calling out, or relatingto themilitia, or vol-
unteers from the States, are hereby approved, and in all
respects legalized and made valid, t<? the same intent and
with the same effect as if they had been done under the
previous express authority and direction of the Congress of
the United States.
. Mr. PEARCE. I must object to its second
reading to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend from
Maryland jvill hear what I have to say before he
objects. This bill- takes up a single point only in
the resolution that was introduced into the Sen-
ate, and upon which there has been considerable
debate. It refers simply to the proclamations that
-were made for, and the employment of volunteers.
"We have since authorized the employment of the
volunteers. But some of the volunteers now make
a point that although they have enlisted for throe
years, yet the President having had no authority
at that time, and no legal authority having been
conferred upon him by Congress, they are dis-
charged, ana cannot be held under that enlist-
ment. That idea will occasion considerable diffi-
culty, and it is necessary that we should, so far
as we have the power, legalize the acts of the
President upon that particular point. The bill
avoids all questions with regard to the habeas cor-
pus and other matters, and refers simply to the
military appropriations; and it is necessary we
should do this in order to place thatsubject upon
the right ground.
Now, sir, with regard to this bill, there can
certainly be no objection that Senators can raise
to it, unless they are desirous that a difficulty—
I will not say that—but unless they fail to see the
force of the position in which we are placed with
reference to many of these volunteers. I hope,
therefore, the Senator from Maryland will with-
draw his objection. It takes but a single point,
and avoids the points of debate in the joint reso-
lution that was before the Senate, and simply
legalizes the action of the President which we have
already indorsed, by giving him the authority.
It refers merely to a point which it is very neces-
sary for us to consider.
Mr. PEARCE. If it refers purely and solely
to the volunteers, which t did not exactly under-
stand at first, I withdraw the objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Entirely'so; to those acts
only.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I renew the objection.
Mr. WILSON. The objection is renewed, and
that settles it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware interposes objection, and the bill
cannot have ils second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will withdraw his objection. It is a
matter of importance to pass the bill to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state, if it is 111 ouler,
to the Senator from Delaware, that it is very easy
for the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs to get at what he desires in a more objec-
tionable way, by taking up the resolution that we
have been discussing, which contains this and
other propositions. I am very glad this propo-
sition has come up in this way, and I take it as a
matter of course, that if this bill is passed, the
other joint resolution will not be called up. It is
much better to pass a bill of this kind upon which
everybody can vote in the affirmative, than to take
up that joint resolution, about which there is so
much diiference of opinion.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I will add llmtthisisamere
matter of business, and avoids all disputed points.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My objection to the bill
is that I have not seen it. In regard tu the joint
resolution originally submitted by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Allan's, there were
acts of the President of the United States that I
approved. For instance: the proclamation culling
out seventy-five thousand men, if it was neces-
sary, to defend this capital, or to defend any por-
tion of the territory of the United States. 1 was
in favor of that. But I have not seen this bill;
and I objected to it with a \ie\v 
Mr. KING. If the Senator from Delaware will
allow me to make a single statement, he will per-
ceive that his objection is not necessary to sus-
tain any principle of his own; nor can it prevent
the passage of this proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware objecting to the second reading of
this bill, it lies over under the rule of the Senate,
and is not now before the Senate for considera-
tion.
Mr. KING. I desire to state to the Senator
from Delaware, which he had permitted me to do,
that there is a bill on the table, which is inten-
tionally there, which will be taken up, and which
will be in order, to which this proposition will be
moved as an amendment if this bill is not passed;
but it is bettor that this single isolated proposi-
tion should go through by itself, disconnected
with any other matter; and it will undoubtedly
be agreed to by the House. I hope, therefore,
the Senator from Delaware will not persist in his
objection. This proposition will be placed on the
other bill as an amendment, in a moment, if the
objection is persisted in; but it is better that it
should bo passed as a separate, isolated proposi-
tion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to accom-
modate my friend from New York; certainly he
is very accommodating himself; but if gentlemen
011 the other side will indulge me a moment, I
will say why it was thatinterposed the objection.
Mr. President, in the earlier stage of this ses-
sion, a joint resolution was introduced approv-
ing, in general terms, the acts of the President of
the United States. For one, had not such a res-
olution been introduced, I never would have at-
tacked the President of the United States for his
course. I am one of those men who stand in a
peculiar position on this point. I am one of those
who approve of certain acts of the President, and
disapprove of others. As this bill seemed to be
only a mode of getting rid of a direct vote upon
that joint resolution, by way of substitute, with-
out "knowing what was contained in the bill, I
felt it incumbent on me to object to its considera-
tion. If there is anything in this bill that looks
to the toleration of the suspension of the writ of
habeas coiyus, I never will, under any circum-
stances, vote for it. Sir, that is the bulwark of
the freedom of the citizen. If there is nothing
in the bill, except to approve the calling out of
volunteers 
Mr. KING. If the Senator will read it, he will
see that there is nothing else in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nothing m the
world in it except what relates to the Aimy and
Navy volunteers. The Senator from Maryland
has just read it, and says he is perfectly satisfied.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then, on the assurance
of the Senator from Maine, I will withdraw the
objection.
Mr. POWELL.
I renew the objection.
MESSAGE FltOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheriooh, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; 111 which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 103) authorizing the Secretary of
War to pay the volunteers who, under the com-
mand of Charles W. White, and by order of
Brigadier General T. A. Morris, enlisted to pro-
tect the ruihoad bridge and other property in
the vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county, Mary-
land ; and
A bill (No. 104) fixing the number of the House
of Representatives, from and after the 3d of
March, 1863.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate (No.
16) authorizing an examination of James's pro-
jectiles for rifled cannon.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 65) to au-
thorize an increase in the corps of engineers and
topographical engineers, with an amendment, in
whieli the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senato to the
bill (U. R. No. 87) authorizing additional enlist-
ments in the Navy of the United States.
PAY OF THE TROOPS.
Mi". SVILSON. I move to take up the bill I
submitted a short time ago increasing the pay of
the troops.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 69) to increase the .pay of the
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates of the regular Army, and volunteers, and
marines, and seamen, and ordinary seamen, in
the service of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out two dollars and inserting four.
An increase of two dollars to the pay will not
amount to anything. The truth is, Mr. Presi-
dent, the idea of obtaining men to fight by the
month for less than they work by the month for
at home, is all out of the question anywhere. So
much so is that the case that my State of Vermont,
in the Legislature this year, by law enactcd that
they would pay the volunteers from Vermont
seven dollars a month in addition to the pay re-"
ceived by them from the United States. Ou-r
volunteers, therefore, receive eighteen dollars a
month. That given to ordinary laboring men on
a farm, is fourteen or fifteen dollars a month; and
we do not-expect men to go off to the exposures
of war at any less price than they receive for or-
dinary work at home. Besides that, we provide
for the support of their families, while they are
gone. Now, the idea of raising their pay two
dollars a month, to my mind, amounts to nothing
at all. I desire to amend it by saying four dollars
a month.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 17.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
bill by adding to it, as an additional section, the
bill I sent to the Chair a few moments ago:
And be it further enacted, That all the act1', proclama-
tions, and orders 01 the President of the United States, after
the 4th of March, 1861, respecting the Army and Navy of
the United States, and caliin? out or relating to the mihtia
or volunteers fiom the States, aie hereby approved, and in
all rcspeets legalised and made valid to the pame intent,
and with the same effect as if they had been issued and
done undei the previous express authority and direction of
the Congress of the United States.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That sounds a little
like our jointresolution to ratify and approve and
make vtxlid and legal all the acts of the President
since the 4th of March; but one or two featuies
of it are left out. If I may so speak, I observe
the absence of one or two features.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Kentucky, if he will allow me, that there is an ab-
sence of one or two features of the joint resolu-
tion; but as soon as we e;ut the vote on this prop-
osition, I will gratify him if he desires it, by mov-
ing to take up the joint resolution lor the purpose
of having it voted on. I should like to have it
acted on to-day.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was afraid that, in
the condition of the public business, with the
hurry which exists towards the close of the ses-
sion, we might lose the opportunity to put our
opinions on record upon thai resolution. With
his promise, however, to call it up for the vote of
the Senate, 1 shall waive any observations on this
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The biil was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a thud reading,
and was read the thud time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. When substantially the
same question was up before, I interposed an ob-
jection to its present consideration; but on the
' assurance of the Senator irom Maine, I waived
the objection. This amendment covers one thing
that I cannot possibly vote for; and that i^ to le-
galize the aef of the President in leference to the
inciedsc of the Army and Navy of the United
States. I honestly think that that act was not
legal, and that we cannot make it legal. There-
fore, I .shall be compelled to vote against this
proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bakfi, Biowning, CarMe,
Chandler, Collanier, Cowan, Dixon, Doolutle. Fcit-scndon,
Foot, Foster, Gxinioi. Iiitie, flailan. Plaui^, llowe, John-
son of Tennes^Cv', Kmi, Lane of [nd*ann,Lane of Kansas,
Latham, lUeDouyalJ, Aioinl', lliee. Sherman, Simmons,
Suiunei, Ten iSyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilknibon, and
Wil-on—33.
NAYS—Me^sis. Bieekinndge, Kennedy, Polk, Powell,
and Salisbury—5.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, its title was
