444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
August 5,
Mr. COLLAMER. I perhaps ought to say,
that from the wordingof this bill, as I have looked
at it, the provision is, that the number of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives shall be
two hundred and thirty-nine, apportioned accord-
ing to the act.to which the bill refers. If it be
made pursuant to that act, Rhode Island would
not get one.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itis a complicated problem.
• Mr. COLLAMER. As the problem is worked
out, X have passed it over to my Representative
Who had charge of the bill, and, according to the
terms of the bill, the probability is that it would
not reach Rhode Island at all. It would reach
the States of Ohio, Illinois, Kentucky, Vermont,
Pennsylvania, and Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. It depends entirely on the
mode in which the sum is computed. If you take
the divisor at two hundred and thirty-nine, and
divide the representative population by it, it will
give the increase to one class of States; but if you
take the divisor at two hundred and thirty-three,
as provided for by the law, and then give the
largest fractions a Representative—and that is the
just way—it will give it to another class of States.
Thus the Senator will see, by a little reflection,
that he is now involving us in difficulty. It makes
a rivalry between two classes of States, whether
it shall be the largest fraction with one divisor,
or whether you shall use the larger divisor.
Mr. CARLILE. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know what is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
question before the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. Then I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
"business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to ask the object
or purpose of this bill.1
Mr. CARLILE. I insist on my motion.
Mr.SUMNER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. [" Oh, no!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Vir
gima.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 5, 18G1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton,
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
MESS AGE MOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the President of the United States had
informed them that he had approved and signed
on the 2d of August, an act (S. No. 1G) concern-
ing the Attorney General and the attorneys and
marshals of the several districts.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 3d of August, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 3) providing for the better or-
ganization of the military establishment;
An act (S. No. 36) to provide for the construc-
tion of one or more armored ships and floatin
batteries, and for other purposes; and
An act (S.No. 52) to provide for the purchase
of arms, ordnance, and oulnance stores.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend
ments of the House of Representatives making
appropriations for fortifications, and for other pur-
poses.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to theamend-
mentof the House to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 96) making fiutherappro-
priation for the naval service for the yearending
June 30, 18G2, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill explan-
atory of an act entitled "An act concerning the
Attorney General and attorneys and marshals of
the several districts," in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
ANOTHER MEMBER SWORN.
Mr. Mo.CLERNAND. I beg to announce to
the House the presence of Hon. JohnS Phups,
of Missouri, who is ready to take the oath of
office.
Mr. Phelps thereupon presented himself at the
Speaker's chair, and took the oath to support the
Constitution.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 80) authorizing the construction of twelve
small side-wheel steamers; and an act (H. R.No.
99) making appropriation to pay the expenses of
the investigating committees of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Senate, appointed at the firstses-
sion of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and of the
commission authorized to examine and report as
to the compensation of all officers of the Govern-
ment; when the Speaker signed the same.
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
Washington, July 29,1861.
Other duties, connected with the militaty service of my
country, have induced me to tender my resignation to The
Governor of my State, to take cffcct liom and after tho4th
pioximo. In thin withdrawing from the Thirty-Seventh
Congress,-l tender my grateful thanks to my honorable
associates tor all their indulgences towards me ; and in bid-
ding farewell to comrades with some of whom I have asso-
ciated for years, I assure them, in parting, I shall eheri&h
their memories with affectionate regard, and liope always
to deserve then recollection arnd c&tccm.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
F SAMUEL II. CURTIS.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
EXPENSES OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Rcsolred, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pay
to the Sergeant-at-Arnis of the House of Representatives
sueli sums, onto! the amount appropiiated therefor, as may
lie required to defray the expenses of committees author-
ized to sit during the recess of Congress, on tlie approval of
tlic chauman of said committees respectively.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill making appropria-
tions for this purpose omitted to state who should
disburse the money, and this resolution is to
supply that deficiency.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved tnlaythemolion to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES E. DALY.
Mr. LOOMISasked unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution :
Rcsolccd, Thatthe Cieils oflhe House of Representatives
pay to Prufessoi Charles 13 l>aly,outnf the contingent fund
of tlic House, the sum of twenly-five dollars, foi and 011
aeeountof his services as conductor ot singing 011 the Kab-
Iwtli, ill the Hall of Representatives, during the present ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. How often has this gentle-
man conducted the singing in the Hall of this
House ?
Mr. LOOMIS. Every Sabbath during the pres-
ent session. I am sorry that more members are
not able to testify to the fact, from having been
present themselves.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood that this was
paid for by subscription. I move to lay the res-
olution on the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the call of States for bills of which previous
notice had been given, for reference only, and not
to be brought before the House by motions to
reconsider.
B. Y. SHELLEY.
Mr. ANCONA introduced a bill to pay B. Y.
Shelley for his claim and improvements taken
from him by the Omaha reservation in Nebraska
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
CONSTITUTIONAL CONTENTION.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced a joint
resolution for a convention of the States, to amend
the Constitution ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of the
: Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was re-
ferred; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resoled, That the select committee on the national
aimoiy be requested to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing an armory at flic-city of Logansport, Indiana.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by adding the
words, " or at Newark, Columbus, or Circleville,
Ohio." I am in tamest about this thing.
Mr. COLFAX. Other amendments of this kind
will be brought in, if I accept this one. I have a
communication to lay before the committee, and
this resolution is simply to give them jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. COX. That is what I want, also.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman persists in
his amendment, I will withdraw the resolution.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I submit the resolution that the
select committee on the national armory bedirected
to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
armory at Columbus, Circleville, or Newark,
Ohio-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
by adding " Dayton."
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS offered the following resolution:
RumlvcJ, That the committee on the establishment of a
national armory west of the Alleghanles be instiucted to in-
quire into the expediency of establishing the same at the
city of Belleaire.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend it by in-
serting, " Maytown, Pennsylvania."
Mr. MORRIS. Is that west ofthe Alleghanies?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend by in-
serting '' 011c in every congressional district west
of the Alleghany mountains." [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is utterly im-
possible to know what is going on. I have lis-
tened as well as I could, and have not heard a
word of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that it
is one of half a dozen resolutions which have been
presented this morning relative to the location of
a national armory.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay the
lesolution on the table.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING. I wish to inquire
if it is in order to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, so as also to in'clude
one for cach congressional district east of the
Alleghames?
The SPEAKER. It would not be, while the
motion to lay the resolution on the table is
pending.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
not laid 011 the Uible.
Mr. ROLLINS. I now move to amend the
amendment, so as to insert " also east of the Al-
leganies."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Iacceptthatamendmcnt.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHEFFIELD. ' I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendment 011 the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The amendment, as modified, was then agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. TRAIN offered the following resolution :
Rcsolrcd, That the Committee lor the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to repoit forthwith to the House Senate
bill No. 69, entitled " An act to create a metropolitan po-
lice distuct of the District of Columbia, and tu establish a
police therefor."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I desire to object
to that, unless I can be heard in making a state-
ment in reference to it.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise thequestion
of order, that that subject is excluded under the
Ilolman resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, however,
, moves to suspend the rules,
j Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To suspend that
1 rule? .
i The SjPEAKER. To suspend all rules in the
! way of the resolution.
