THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
thirty years ago. - He- knows that the habit then
•was' to place one copy of all papers ordered to be
printed upon the table of each member. I am
sorry" it has been done away with. I have been
here a month, and I can hardly now say what
has been before the House. I cannot hear very
yell; and as the printed bills and resolutions are
hot'laid before us, it is impossible that I should
know everything that is before us. I hope that
the House wifl adopt my resolution as a matter
of convenience. At the nextsession we can amend
it if it does not work well.
The resolution was adopted.
LIEUTENANT S. L. PHELPS.
Mr. RIDDLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the petition of S. L. Phelps, lieutenant
United States Navy, praying for an act declara-
tory of the construction to be given to the third
section of an act approved June 1, I860, entitled
" An act increasing and regulating the pay of the
Navy;" which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
CONTESTED SEATS.
Mr. McKNIGHT. X.offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved^ That the Sergcant-at-Arms be instiuctcd, when-
ever a seat inr this House is contested, to make 110 pay-
ment of compensation or mileage until said contest is con-
cluded, unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What does the gen-
tleman propose to do with the resolution?
Mr. McKNIGHT. To refer it to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The resolution was received, and referred to the
Committee of Elections.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT, NEW YORK.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to take up and put
on its passage Senate bill No. 59, in relation to
the attorney of the Unitdil States for the southern
district of New York. Unless it is passed that
attorney can receive no compensation.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time by its title.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid to the attorney of the United States
for the southern district of New York, quarterly,
a salary at the rate of $0,000 per annum, and such
additional sum as shall be necessary, together
with the costs and fees now allowed by law, to
pay such amount as shall be fixed by the Secre-
tary of the Inferior for theproper expenses of the
office, including salaries of assistants ami clerks,
and that the accounts of said attorney, from and
after the 4th day of April last, shall be adjusted
and settled in the same manner as the same would
have been adjusted and settled had this act been
in operation on and after that day.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill allows precisely
the same compensation, and no more, to the dis-
trict attorney of the southern district of New York
hitherto allowed him under the construction of
Attorney General Black. Under the construction
of the present Attorney General and of the Soli'
citor of the Treasury he can obtain no compensa-
tion at all. I demand the previous question on
the third reading' of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. IHNGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLICITOR Of THE TREASURY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con
sent of the House for leave to report back, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, Senate bill No.
67, explanatory of an act concerning the Attorney
General and the attorneys and marshals of the
several districts. It is explanatory of so much of
the bill passed last week as refers to the Solicitor
of the Treasury. It proyides that there shall bo
reserved to that officer all the control over the ac-
counts of the Government that he lias heretofore
exercised. It makes no appropriation. It meets
with the approval of the Attorney General. It
leaves unchanged legislation in reference to the
Solicitor of the Treasury.
Mr. COX. Does it meet with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; and with the ap-
proval of the Solicitor of the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGE-IAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which tlie bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to present
certain petitions in favor of a convention of the
States for a peaceful adjustment of our present
controversy. If the House will permit me, I will
state why I desire to offer them openly. The
Congressional Globe does not contain any record
of the presentation of petitions, and nobody ever
reads the Journal of the House.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to introduce the petitions
I have referred to.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Where has the
right of petition gone ?
ENEOLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled House bill No. 96, mailing
a further appropriation for the support, of the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1869,
nnd for other purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
OAKLAND VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported back a bill authorizing the Secretary of
War to pay volunteers'who, under the command
of Charles W. White, and by order of Brigadier
General T. A. Morris, enlisted to protect the rail-
road bridge and other property in the vicinity of
Oakland, Alleghany county, Maryland, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does that come
under the Holman resolution?
The SPEAKER. It relates to a portion of the
Army; and the Chair thinks it is in order.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. If I am per-
mitted, I will explain. The truth m reference to
this case is, that thes.e troops volunteered at the
request of Brigadier General Hill. They served
as a guard to prevent the destruction of a bridge
upon the Baltimore a ml Ohio railroad, which bridge
%vas ncccssary to keep up intercourse between
General Hill, who was stationed at Grafton, Vir-
ginia, and Colonel Wallace, who was in command
of a regiment at Cumberland, Maryland. They
were in service forty days; and this proposition
is that the Secretary of War shall pay them as if
they had been called into service specially by the
proclamation of the President. I take occasion
to say that the parties who performed these ser-
vices, at the time they were rendeied, did not ad-
vert, perhaps, to the necessity of the proclamation
of the President preceding the services. The claim
is equitable and fair, and addresses itself to the
sense of justice of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ra:se the point
of order that the resolution is excluded by the
Holman resolution, which has been sliictly en-
forced hitherto.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This matter was
specially referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs,
_ Mr. VALLANDIGHA M. But that gives the ,
bill no position in the House. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to see
why the bill does not relate to the military opera-
tions of the Government.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is a proposition
to pay men who voluntcrcd without any'author-
ity whatever.
The SPEAKER. But the Government has
recognized these services.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have no knowl-
edge of that.
The SPEAKER. So far as the face of the bill
is concerned, it relates to military operations: and
the Chair overrules the point of order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
move&to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARNOLD WILLETT AND HENRY WORTH.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, asked leave to report,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, a bill to
provide for the payment of Arnold Willett, for
bread &c.,and Henry Worth, for wood, supplied
to the United States volunteers in Maryland.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise the point '
of order on that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this bill is
in the nature of a private claim, and therefore sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not see how
we can carry on the war unless we supply the sol-
diers with bread. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to report the bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
point of order. It is, that the Constitution of the
United States having invested this House with
certain powers of legislation over certain subject-
matters therein described, the Holman resolution,
so called, by which the House excluded itselffrom
the exercise of those powers, is itself invalid and
not binding upon the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
that is a point for the House to determine. The
Chair can hardly decide a constitutional question.
The question being on suspending the rules,
the House was divided, when no quorum voted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. As 1 do not wish
to interfere with the business of the House, I with-
draw my application.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, asked unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliat tile Speaker do now proceed to call the
committees for leports; and until the call-is completed, no
motion to suspend tile lules shall be in order.
Mr. COX objected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to suspend
the rules.
The House was divided; and no quorum vot-
ing,
Mr. KELLOGG,of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Cobb, and
Kei.logg of Illinois, weic appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G7, noes 4—no quorum voting.
Mr. COX. I have a resolution I desire to
offer.
Tlie SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
no motion is in order except for a call of the
House, or to adjourn. ,
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock, a. m., to-mor-
10W.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
CALL OI' TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. COX. I move that there be a call of the.
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs Appleton, Arnold, Tiabbitt, Fianeis P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blan, William G. Brown, Burnett, Burnham,
Campbell, Chanjbeilain, (Jlark, Koscoe Coupling, Cooper,
Ooriunsc, Crittenden, Cntier, Davis, Dawes, Deiano, Ilela-
plamc, l)unlap, Edgcrton, Eiy, Foukc, Franchot, Gooch,
Gridor, Gurley. iiaie, Hauehett, Hauling, Hickman, Hot-
mail, Hortcil, Johnson, Kemy.ui, Ivilhnger, Lazear, Leh-
man, Logan, .Marston, Men'/ies, An^on I'. Morrill, Nixon,
Noel!, Norton, Nngen, Pation, i'eny, Ponieioy, Potter,
Rejd, Richardson, Uubirron. James Rollins, Sloan,
Hpauldins, William G >Slc-:h\ Stevens, Stiatton, Thnj-cr,
Tumble, Trowbiidge,Upton, Vandevcr, Van Vaikenburgli,
Van VVyck. Yihbard, Vooihee.-, Wallace, Wasimurne,
Wheeler, Ciulton 'A.White, Wood,Woodiuff, and Wright.
Mr. FENTON. A quorum having answered
to their names, I move that all further proceed-
ings tinder the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS AGAIN.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
