THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5.
< Mr, PORTER moved to reconsider thevote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to "reconsider on the table.
: The' latter motiorf was agrced'4,0.
' OATII Of ALLEGIANCE.
&lr. PORTER. I am directed by .the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with an
amendment, Senate bill No, 54, requiring an oath
of allegiance and to support the Constitution of
the United States, to be administered to certain
persons in the civil service of the United States.
The bill was read. It makes it the duty of the
heads of the several Departments to cause to be
administered to cach officer, clerk, and employe
now in their respective Departments, or in any
way connected therewith, or who may be here-
after connected therewith, an oath or affirmation
that he will support, protect, and defend the Conr
stitution and Government of the United States
against all enemies, whether foreign or domestic;
■will bear true faith, allegiance, ana loyalty to the
same, any ordinance, resolution, or law of any
Stuw convention or Legislature to the contrary
notwithstanding—without mental reservation or
evasion; and will well and faithfully perform all
the duiies required of him by law. Any officer
or employe refusing to take this oath is to be im-
mediately dismissed.
The second section provides that the oath or
affirmation may betaken before any person legally
authorized to administer oaths, and subjects all
who violate the oath to all the pains and penalties
of willful and corrupt perjury.
The Committee on tlie Judiciary report-an
amendment to the second section, by adding the
words "justice of the peace, or notary public, or
other;" so as to allow oaths to be taken before
any justice of the peace, or notary public, or other
person legally authorized to administer oaths.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 should like that
bill to go over to the next session of Congress. I
.object to it.
Mr. POUTER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order to allow me to report the bill;
and on that X call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Upton and
Sherman were appointed.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As a matter of
information to the House, in the absence of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I desire to state that there is important business
before the Senate, which a quorum of the House
will be required to act upon when it shall come
here. I hope the House will not adjourn, and
that tv quorum will remain. Otherwise the reas-
sembling of Congress may bo required before the
meeting of the regular session in December.
The House then divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes GO, noes 1C—no quorum voting.
Mr.W1CKLIFFE. 1 wish to say to the House
that it is impossible to transact legislative business
in the present condition of the House.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. W1CXCHFFE. 1 am about to appeal to
the House for unanimous consent for the propo-
sition I make. I say that, upon the statement of
the gentleman from Vermont, that a quorum will
be required to transact important business to come
from the Senate, and as there is probably no
quorum present now, I make the proposition that
we take a recess until five o'clock. If there be
objection I will not persist in it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. I now demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative-—yeas 83, nays 11; as follows:
YfcLVS—Miosis. Alduch, Allen, Alley, Arnold, Ashley,
Golilsmuii 1''. Baili'v. IJuvtrr, JJcairmn, liingiiaitl. Fiancis
1\ iiiasr. Samuel >. lilnir, tflnke, fJeoijre II. iirowne. liuf-
fintmt, Cobb, Colt'av, i-'ieijniek A. Oonklinjr, Coi'avay.
Covode, Diven, Dtu'll. Dunn, t'dwaids, IShor, Ponton, Fes-
sendon, Fouke, Fnuik,Goodwill, Gian^'i.Gtnley. Uaight,
Hah-, Hiim'tiett, UarrKoH, flu;(on. [Jut'eliin.-., JaeKson,
.Julmn, ficik'v, Ftaneij VV. Kflloyg, VVjllwhi Kcllo™,
Lansing, Law, Loomis, Lnvejny, WeCleinand, McKe.iu,
MeKnigtit, McPherfcuri, Malloiv.Momhead, An^on P. Moi-
"II, Junin Moral!, Odell, Olln, t'helps. l'oitu, Alex-
ander II. ltiee, John H. Rice, ltuldle, Ediv.ud H Kolliin.
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Bliellabarger, Sheiman,
Sloan, John B. Steele, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Train,
Trowbridge, Upton, Van Home, Veiree, Wall, Charles VV.
Walton, Whaley, Albert S. White, Windoni, and Worces-
ter—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Joseph Eaily, Calvert, Crisfield, May,
Noble, Pendleton, Sheil, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallaodig-
ham, Webster, and Wickliffe—11.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. PORTER demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
wfiich the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Patton,"one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have passed a bill of the
House (No. 101) to promote the efficiency of the
engineer and topographical engineer corps, and
for other purposes, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (No. 60)
relative to appeals to the Supreme Court of the
United States, in which he was instructed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
RESOLUTION OF CENSOE1S.
Mr. COX asked the consent of the House to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the member from New York who en-
deavored to introduce the resolution denouncing over foity
members of this House, beeausc of their vote for proposi-
tions to adjust onr national difficulties, as cowards and
traitors, deserve^ the censure of this House, and ot all true
patriot*, tor the ai romance, falsity, and insult towards his
pccis contained lit luo unparliamentary resolution.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that the member from New
York, to whom his resolution refeis,is not in his
seat. I wish that fact to go on rccord.
Mr. COX. Very well; 1 want this resolution
to go on record along with that of the member
from New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the resolution.
Mr. COX. 1 move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended, (two thirds not voting therefor.)
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to ask the consent
of the House to introduce a bill, to which, if the
House will hear me in a short statement in refer-
ence to it, 1 presume there will bo no objection.
If there is, 1 will not insist on the proposition.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will not
object to healing a short statement of the sub-
stance of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
INCREASE OF ARMY PAY.
Mr. STEVENS. X now ask the consent of the
House to call up from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. (59, to increase the pay of the non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates of the
regular Army, volunteers, marines, and seamen
and ordinary seamen, ill the seivice of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask for the read-
ing of the bill.
■Mr. STEVENS. I will stale in n few words
the substance of the bill. The first section con-
tains a provision for increasing the pay of our
soldiers and seamen four dollars per month. The
sccond section legalizes the proclamations and
acts of the President in calling out the militia
heretofore, and in accepting the services of volun-
teers.
Mr. YA LLANDIGHAM. I object to the bill
until I can hear it read.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must still object
to the introduction of the bill.
Several Members. Move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will vary the motion, and
move to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The House divided on the motion; and there
were—ayes (IS, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection to taking up the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will withdraw
my objection to the first section, if the gentleman
will consent to have the second stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot do that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 call for tellers
on the motion to go to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Webster,
and Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-six.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the House will
hear me a moment, I will perhaps withdraw my
objection to taking up the bill. I say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that, if he will allow
me to move to strike out the second section, and
have a vote upon it by yeas and nays, I will
withdraw my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I will then agree that the
gentleman shall offer his amendment before X call
the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill myself. I move to amend the first
section, which provides for increasing the pay of
soldiers and seamen four dollars per month, by
reducing the increase to two dollars per month.
I will merely say that 1 make that motion be-
cause I am alarmed at the expense wo are incur-
ring. This day and every day for some time the
nation has incurred an expense of some one mil-
lion two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. I
cannot see where the money is to come from. I
am willing to give the soldiers any pay; but we
must reduce the expenses as much as possible. I
now yield to the gentleman from Ohio, to submit
lus amendment.
Mr. VALLANDI'GHAM. I now move to
strike out the second section of the bill, which pro-
poses to ratify the proclamations, orders, and
other acts of the President, relating to the Army
and Navy, some of which, upon grounds of public
policy, as stated to us in response to resolutions
of inquiry, have not yet been disclosed to the coun-
try. I should be glad to discuss and to denounce
this monstrous proposition as it deserves, but
want of time forbids.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania waive his demand for the previous ques-
tion until I oppose his amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I must decline to withdraw it.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 61, noes 5; no quorum
voting.
Mr. OLIN. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeasand-nays
on ordering the main question to be now put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Joseph
Bady, Baxter, Beainan, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buflinton, Cobb, Colfax, Fied<>iiek A.
Conkling, Conway, Covode, Cox, Diven, Duell, Dunn,
Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden, Fiank, Gians/er, Gtir-
ley, Hale, Uanchett, IIani?on, Iloiton, llutchins Jackson,
Johnson, Julian, Keliey, Francis \V. Keilocjr, William Kel-
logg, Lansing, Leaiv, Loomis, J.,avejov,McCleinand, Mc-
Kean, MoKiiight, McPheicon, Mitchell, Moorlicad, Anson
1\ Morrill, Ju>tin >S. Monill, Morris, Noble, Pendleton,
Pike, Pouer. Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,' Siiella-
barger, Sheiman, Sheil, dteven^, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fiancis Thomas, Tiam, Upton, Vallandigham, Van Home,
Verree, Waif, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Albert
S. White, Wood, and Worcester—80.
NAYS—Mussis. George II. Browne, Calvert, Cricoid,
flaight, May, Mallory. Oltn, Smith, John B. Steele, Trow-
budge, Webster, and Wickliffe—1-2.
So the main question was ordered.
Thequestionrecurredon Mr STEVKNs'samend-
ment; and, on a division of the House, there were—
ayes 50, noes 29.
Mr. OLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas" alid nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Joseph Baily, Francis P. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton. Caivcrt, Frederick A. Conkhjig,
Cravens, Orisfield, Diven,' Dunn, Eliot, Fenton, floiton,
Jackson, Keliey, Law, Mailoiy, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S.
Morrill, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Ilice, Sedgwick, St«~
