THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1861.
New Series No. 29.
vens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Upton, Ver-
ree, Wadsworth, Webster, and Wiekhffe—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham,George H. Browne,
Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Ihiell, Edwards, English, Fes-
senden, Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, Haight, Han-
chctt, Harrison, Hutehins, Johnson, Julian, Francis W.
Kellogg, William KelIo g, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy,Mav,
MoKean, McKmght, Mcl'herson, Mitchell, Moorliead,
Morris, Noble, Otlell, Olin, Pendleton, Pike, Porter, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheliabarger, Sher-
man, Sheil, Smith, John B.Steele, Trowbridge, Vallandig-
liam, Van Hume, Voorhees, Wall, Charles W. Walton, E.
P. Walton, Wlialey, Albert S. White, Windom, and Wor-
cester—66.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. -I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to move an addi-
tional section to the bill. It is as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the act entitled tC An act for the relief of the Ohio and other
volumeets," approved July 26,1861, be, and the same are
hereby, extended to all volunteeis mustered into the service
of theUmted States, whether for two or three years or for
and during the war.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was allowed to be presented.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendmentonlycorrects
a mistake which was made in the bill we passed,
where we used the word " militia" instead of
volunteers. The bill is passed; but the Depart-
ment holds that the word " militia" only embraces
the three-months men, and not the three-years
men, as in the case of the State of Ohio. It
simply corrects that.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman desires to ex-
clude the three-months men?
Mr. STEVENS. The word militia is held to
embrace tlie three-months men of all the States
except Ohio. I want this section for the purpose
of putting them all upon the same condition with
the people ofOhio-, that is, that the word "mili-
tia," in that law, shall mean all, of whatever
length of time.
Mr. COLFAX. There are only two regiments
in service for one year.
Mr. STEVENS. I,modify the amendment so
as to include them.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurred on striking out the
second section, which is in these words:
"Sec.2. Jhidbeit further enacted, Thatall the acts, proc-
lamations, and ordcisoftho Piesidcnt of the United St;ites,
after the 4th of March, 1 SGI, respecting the Army and Navy
of the United Stntes, and the calling out, or relating to the
militia oi volunteer* from the States, are hereby appioved,
and in all rcs-pects legalized and made valid to the same
intent and with the same cffectas if they had been issued
and done under the previous express authority of the Con-
gress of the United States.,J
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of die House to propound an interrogatory
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to know what
will he the additional expense of this addition of
four dollars to the pay of soldiers, marines, &c.,
upon the hypothesis that we are to have four hun-
dred thousand men in the field?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 make it out, according to
the calculation I have already made, to be between
sixteen and twenty million dollars.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I make it out to be
$19,000,000. Believing that this is a sum which
ought not to be allowed, I will test the validity of
this bill by moving that it be laid upon the table;
and on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. -
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
upon the table was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Vallan-
jjigham s motion to strike out the second section.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask to be excuscd from
voting on that proposition. Some of the measures
I approve, and some I do not.
The SPEAKER. After the main question has
been ordered, it is not in order to ask to be
excused from voting.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
29
gentleman, that by the terms of the resolution,
everything that is questionable is left out.
Mr. MALL0RY. Is it in order to move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. No amendment
or debate is in order during the pendency of the
previous question. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that he was laboring
under a mistake in deciding that the gentleman
could not ask to be excused. The -ordering of
the main question would not exclude the gentle-
man's request, and if the gentleman insists upon
the request, the Cha.ir will put the question to the
House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I insist upon' it.
Thequestion was put; and it was decided in tlie
negative.
So Mr. Wickliffe was notexcused from voting.
The question was then taken on striking out the
second section; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas.19, nays 74; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, George II. Browne,
Calvert, Cox, Crisfield, Jackson, Johnson, May, Noble,
Pendleton, James S. Rollins, Shell, Smith, Vallandighatn,
Vooihees, Wadsworth, Ward, and Webster—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. Biair. Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buffiiiton, Cobb, Collar, Frederick A.
Conkling. Conway, Covode. Diven. Duell. Dunn, Edward*,
Eliot, Fenton, Fesseiuleu, Frank, Goodwin,Gianser, Gur-
ley, ltaiL'hl, Hale, Hanchett, Harrison, Horton, Ilutchins,
Julian, ICelley, Francis W. Kcllofri*, William Kellogg, Lan-
sing, Lcarv, Loomis. Lovcjoy, IVIeKeaii, McKnij ht, Mc-
Pherson, Mitchell, Mooiliead. Anson P. Mori ill, Justin S.
Moirill, 01iii,I'tke, Potter, Alexander II, Ilicc, John II.
ltiee, Riddle, Edward 11. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, Stiellabar«er, Sherman, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Tliomas, Train, Trowbridge, Van Hoi ne,
Verree, Wall, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Albert S.
White, Windom, and Worcester—74.
So the House refused to strike out the section.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by .which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act to create a metropoli-
tan police district of the District of Columbia, and
to establish a police therefor; when the Speaker
signed the same.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
of the House, of the 3d instant, requesting the
Secretary to inform the House why a portion of
the persons engaged in the loyal States, in I860, in
taking the census, as deputy marshals, have not
been paid, and when payment to such persons
may reasonably be expected; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of tlie House to introduce a joint
resolution, in relation to the publication of the
Globe of this session. I ask that it may be read,
and then, I think, there will be no objection to
its passage.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
following piovi*o contained in the act entitled '• An act
making additional appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government forthe year
coding the uOtli of Juno, 18G2, and applanations of airear-
ages lor the year ending 30th June, 1861,'' approved July
27,1861: ■' Vrouvlrd, That tlie said proceedings shall be
repoited with and hound m the Congressional Globe and
Appendix lor the first regular section of the present Con-
gress, :J be, and the same is hereby, lepeaied.
No objection being made to the introduction of
the resolution, it was ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORPS OF ENGINEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is on the
Speaker's table a bill of the House (No. 101) to
promote the efficiency of the engineer and topo-
graphical engineer corps, and for other purposes,
returned from the Senate, with an amendment.
I move to take up that bill for the purpose of act-
ing upon the Senate amendment.
There being no objection, the bill and amend-
ment were taken up for consideration.
The amendmentof the Senate, which was read,
was to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert a substitute which proposes to add to each
of the corps of engineers and topographical engi-
neers, by regular promotion of their present offi-
cers, two lieutenant colonels and four majors. It
also proposes to add to the corps of topographical
engineers one company of soldiers, to be com-
manded b y appropriate officers of the corps, to have
the same pay ana rations, clothing, and other al-
lowances, and to be entitled to the same benefits
in every respcct as the company created by the act
"for the organization of a.company of sappers
and miners and pontoniers," approved May 16,
1846.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARNOLD WILLETT AND IIENRY NORTH.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to say to
the gentleman from Missouri that I withdraw my
objection to a bill which he desired to report this
morning.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then, Mr. Speaker,
I desire to report, from the Committee on Mili-
itary Affairs, a bill to provide for the payment to
Arnold Willett, for bread, &c., and Hen-ry North,
forwood provided for the United States volunteers
of Maryland.
No objection being made, the bill was received,
read a first and second time, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. MAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF CRIMINALS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask leave to introduce a
bill to repeal all acts or parts of acts which oper-
ate to exempt traitors and other criminals from
punishment; and if there is any objection, I move
to suspend the rules.
The bill, which was read for information, pro-
poses to repeal so much of the act approved Jan-
uary 24, 1857, as provides that no person, exam-
ined and testifying before either House of Con-
gress or any committee of either House, shall be
held to answer criminally in any court of justice,
or shall be subject to any penalty for an act
touching which he shall have so testified; and to
repeal all acts that operate to exempt persons
guilty of treason and other crimes from trial and
punishment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object: that act
was maturely considered and passed by this body.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the House will allow me
I will say 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I hope the House will
suspend the rules.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois one single question. Is it the
object of the bill to repeal that law under which
the contractor Russell, who stole the Indian trust
bonds, got clear ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is to repeal the law which
