450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
provides that when a witness testifies before a
• committee of the House, he cannot be tried in any
criminal court for any act about which he testified.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I am for repeal-
ing it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It simply makes him answer-
able upon any other testimony than his own, be-
fore any other court.
On the motion to suspend the rules the Speaker
ordered tellers, and appointed Messrs. Pendle-
ton and Porter.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
84, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldncli, Allen, Arnold, Ashley, Joseph
Bnily, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Calvert, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Covode, Cox, Cravens, Diven, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Ffiuton, Fesaenden, Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Haigilt,
Hale, Hanchett, Harrison, floiton, Hutchins, Jackson,
Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Lansing, Law, Loomis,
IfOvejoy, MeKean, McKnight, McPherson, Mallory,
Mitchell, Moorherd, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill,
Morris, Noble, Olm, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H.
Rico, John II.Rice, ltiddle,Edward H.Rollins,Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Smith, John Ii.
bteeM' raneis Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Upton, Van
Home, Verree, Wadsworth, Wall, Charles W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Ward, Webster, Wiialey, Albert S. White,
Wicfcliffe, Windom, and Worcester—84.
NAYS—Messrs. George H. Browne, Crisfield, May,
Benjamin F. Thomas, and Vallandigliain—5.
No quorum voting,
On motion of Mr. PENDLETON, (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until eleven o'clock t'o-morrow morning.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 6, 1861.
Prayer by theChaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday; and, at the expiration of fifteen
minutes,
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous con-
sent.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. G8) to incorporate the Washington Rail-
way Company, have instructed me to report the
same back, that it may go on the Calendar, with-
out a recommendation, either favorable or unfa-
vorable to its passage. I will state, that the bill
was referred to the committee last night about
nine o'clock, and we have been utterly unable to
give to it any consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will go on
the Calendar.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
Executive Mansion, August 5,1861.
To the Senate of the United States:
in answer to the lesolution of your honorable body of
date of July 31,1861, requesting the President to inform the
Senate whether IJou. James II. Lane, a member of that
body Oom Kansas, lias been appointed a bilyadier general
in the Army of the United States, and, if so, whether he has
accepted such appointment, 1 have the honor to transmit
herewith certain papers, numbered 1,2, 3, 4, 5,6, and 7,
which, taken together, explain themselves; and which con-
tain all the information 1 possess upon the question pro-
pounded. it was my intention, as shown by my letter of
June 20,1SG1, to appoint Hun. Jamls 11. Lank, of Kansas,
a Imgadicr general of United States volunteers, in antici-
pation of the act of Congress, since passed, for raising such
volunteers; and I have no further knowledge upon the sub-
ject, except as derived from the papers herewith inclosed.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. HALE. I move that it lie on the table,
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The printing of the doc-
uments, of course, would be useless for this ses-
sion, That disposes of the case. If the Senator
from New Hampshire designs to place them out
of the possession of the Senate 
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Poster] in his place,and
he may desire, as he made the report of the com-
mittee, to take some action in regard to it. 1
think it had better lie on the table for the present.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The papers
will lie on the table; and the order to print will
be regarded as not having been made.
SUSPENSION OF A RULE.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution offered by
me yesterday for the suspension of the 26th rule.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the 26th role of the Senate be suspended
for the residue of the present session.
Mr. DIXON. I propose an amendment to the
resolution before it is adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose the i-esolution is
not necessarily under consideration without a vote
of the Senate to take it up. I call for a vote of the
Senate on the question of taking it up.
Mr. DIXON. I understood it was taken up by
general consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up the resolution. The Chair will
state that a resolution touching the rules of the
Senate, and having reference to the order and pro-
ceeding of business, is a preferred question.
The question being taken, on a division, re-
sulted—ayes 18, noes 3; no quorum Voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays, and we shall get a quorum m
that way. We have to wait now. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the question of taking up the
resolution, with a view of getting a quorum.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know what is
the rule to be suspended.
Mr. DIXON. The rule requires that all reso-
lutions granting money from the contingent fund
shall be read three times on three several days.
Will the Senator from Michigan allow the sense
•of the Senate to he taken on the question?
Mr. BINGHAM. The sense of the Senate has
just been taken, I think.
Mr. DIXON. I mean on the other question—
the resolution for which this makes way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I called for the
yeas and nays, with a view to seeing if we could
not get a quorum. I think that will have a tend-
ency to fill the Senate quicker than anything else.
I suppose it is not too late to ask for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
entertain the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Breckinridge, Bright, Brown-
ing, Cailile, Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttie,
Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Johnson ot Tennessee,
Johnson of Missouri, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Polk, Pow-
ell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sheiman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot.and
Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, and King—3.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. DIXON. The last clause of the 26th rule
should not be suspended. Itescaped my attention
at the time I drew the resolution. It is, that "a
motion to suspend or to concur in a resolution of
the House to suspend the 16th and 17th joint
rules, oreither of them,shall always be in order,
be immediately considered, arid be decided with-
out debate." I propose to amend the resolution
by adding the words "except the last clause of
said rule."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
ASBURY DICKINS.
Mr. DIXON. I now move to take up the res-
olution reported by the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
with regard to the salary of Mr. Dickins, the late
Secretary of the Senate; and I ask that it be put
on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question; and I want the resolution read.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will do to take the yeas
and nays on its passage.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am against it all through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
will be read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the salary of Asbury Dickins, late Secre-
tary of the Senate, be continued for one yearfrom the com-
mencement of the present session, to be paid oat of the con-
tingent fund.
The amendment of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
was, to strike out all after the word " resolved/3
and insert:
That there be paid, out of the contingent fund, to Asbury
Dickins, the late Secretary of the Senate, a sum equal to
one year's salary as Secretary and disbursing officer, to
mark the sense of the Senate of the long and faithful ser-
vices of the said Asbury Dickins as Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up the resolution for consideration.
On this question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Breckinridge, Bright, Browiv-
ing, Carlile, Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Johnson of Tennessee, John-
son of Missouri, Lane of Kansas, MomJI, Powell, Rice,
Saulsbury, Simmons, Sumner, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Doolittle, King,
Sherman, and Ten Eyck—6.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment reported by the committee.
Mv. HALE. I want to inquire whether, if the
Senate adopt that amendment, it will be in order
to move to amend the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not after it is
adopted.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "and disbursing
officer; and also the latter clause of the resolu-
tion which assigns the reason for it.
Mr. DIXON. Is it in order for me to accept
the amendment ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The original
amendment, the Chair understands, is reported
from a committee, and is not within the control
of an individual member.
Mr. HALE. I want to state to the Senate that
I am in favor of this payment of $3,000 to Mr.
Dickins, as an old and faithful servant of the
Senate; but I think he ought never to have had
$1,080 as disbursing agent. It was. an evasion;
an improper interpolation. I am willing to give
him the fair salary he was always entitled to when
here; but I move to amend the resolution by
striking out the words,ii and disbursing officer."
If it is amended as I propose, the resolution will
give him $3,000 instead of $4,080, as it now stands.
I think he ought to have his pay as Secretary;
but not as disbursing agent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire again repeat his mo-
tion?
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am content with
striking out the words " and disbursing officer."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move a
further amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is still kt
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to add, "and the
late Sergeant-at-Arms, D. R. McNair." If we
are going to be so liberal, I want to do justice to
all around.
Mr. DIXON. I will state that I have a sepa-
rate report to make on that case.
Mr. CHANDLER. We had better have them
both together. I have some more that I want to
put on yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment reported from the
committee.
Mr. DIXON. I hope it. will not be amended.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. It is calculated to embarrass
this resolution, which is intended for a very be-
nevolent object. I think the Senator had better
wait for the report of the committee, who will
make another report covering that case.
Mr. CHANDLER. He was a very worthy
officer, and I wish them all to go together. I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
adopted, and I hope that my friend from Mich-
igan will not press it. " Let each tub stand on its
