452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
Mr. TRUMBULL. In connection with that,
I have been requested by the contestant to ask
for the printing of certain other papers. It is
manifest the case must go over; and I move to
print all the papers which I send to the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may be
done by unanimous consent.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion for an executive session.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is not the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts in order.
The, PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
yielded the floor.
Mr. "WILSON. I made a distinct motion, and
the Senator from Wisconsin followed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe I am now en-
titled to the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not if the
Senator from Massachusetts claims that he did
not yield the floor after making his motion, The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Will the Senator repeat his mo-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. The motion is to take up for
consideration the joint resolution (S. No. 1) to
approve and confirm certain acts of the President
of the Uni ted States for suppressing insurrection
and rebellion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
My motion is in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rise to a question
of order, that that motion is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend there can be
no question about it as a question of order. A
motion may be made at any time to proceed to
the consideration of executive busines, whenever
a person can get the floor. It has always been
the practice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
regards that as the rule, that a Senator who is
entitled to the floor is entitled to move, as in case
of adjournment, that the Senate go into executive
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remind the Senator
from Wisconsin that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts agreed to give a'vote on the joint reso-
lution, and that, on that suggestion, the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] waived the
privilege which he had yesterday. I trust that
agreement will be complied with.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will remind the Sena-
tor from Ohio that it is now about one hour to the
adjournment of Congress, and we have important
matters pending in executive session that must
be disposed of, and it may take the whole of the
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. With the leave of the
Senate I will follow the example of those two
Senators who have spoken on this motion. 1 do
not propose to be persistent, or to press this mat-
ter on the attention of the Senate. I merely de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that, whereas the Senator from Wisconsin was
exceedingly eager, at the beginning of the session,
to deal in acts and not in words, to pass bills and
not to argue anything, and was a devoted friend,
I believe, of this joint resolution No. 1, which
now wanders about without any parent or spon-
sor, he is now anxious to give it the go-by. I
mention this fact for the purpose of showing that
some little progress has been made since the Sen-
ate met in the way of vindicating the freedom of
utterance here, and in the way of recording our-
selves to some notions of personal and public lib-
erty; I beg the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Baker]
also to give me credit for being, at least in one
instance, a prophet. He said the other day, that
my predictions were not likely to be fulfilled. I
predicted that the Senate never intended to vote
on this joint resolution No. 1; and I take it to be
one gleam of sunshine in the midst of the gloom
that surrounds us, that the Senate recoils from
that.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall take a vote on
this resolution. I have not been very partial to
it; and if it was voted on at an earlier period, I
intended to give my views on ths whole subject;
but I am willing to vote on it now or at any time,
and I hope we shall vote. Indeed, I think we are
under some obligation to pass upon it, because
gentlemen have foregone some opportunities they
had to resist other measures, on the ground that
there was an implied promise that we should vote
on this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The remark of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky perhaps demands a reply. If
he supposes that, on my part, there is any dispo-
sition to recoil from the responsibility of approv-
ing the acts of the Administration, he makes a
very great mistake. My only idea was that we
are now within an hour of the end of the session,
and we must dispose of the executive business 
Mr. POWELL, Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, and
others. Take up the resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If you will vote without
talking, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the motion to proceed to
the consideration of executive business. It is not
debatable.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 20, nays 21; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bingham, Carlile, Chan-
dler, Collamer, Dixon, l)oolittie, Feasenden, Foot, Har-
lan, King, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Powell, Rice, Salis-
bury, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilinot—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Breekimidge, Bright, Browning, Clark,
Cowan, Foster, Grimes, ilowe, Johnson of Tennessee,
Johnson of Missouri, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana,Latham,
McDougali, Polk, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
So the Senate refused to go into executive
session.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that the Senate proceed to the consider-
tion pf the Senate joint resolution No. 1.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A moment ago I asked
for the printing ofcertain papers culled for in the
case of the Senator from Kansas. On looking at
the resolution which was handed me by the con-
testant, I find that all the papers have not been
furnished that he desires. I now offer a resolu-
tion requesting the President to communicate
certain papers to the Senate, that they may be
here at the next session. I ask that the resolu-
tion be passed. It relates to a privileged matter,
and will take no time:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate at its next session copies of any order
under which General James H. Lane is authorized to raise
troops i'or the war; also, all requisitions mude by the said
Lane, and of all oiders given by the War Department at
his instance, for rations, arms, clothing, subsistence, and
for mustering into service uoops composing the brigade
known as General Lane's bugade in Kansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope it will be
passed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution (S. No. 1) to approve and
confirm certain acts of the President of the United
States, for suppressing insurrection and rebellion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PIIES1DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the resolution, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. KING. There is a proposition in this
resolution which has not been called to the atten-
tion of the Senate, but in my judgment is entitled
to its consideration before its passage; and that
is the question of blockade—a question involving
international law—and the closing of the ports by
an act of Congress. I do not know what con-
struction may be placed upon the fact of Congress
undertaking to pass upon this question of block-
ade. I have no disposition to disapprove or to
criticise the action of the Executive; I think the
vigorous measures which he took are entitled to
all credit; but I have a disinclination to pass upon
a question the whole length and breadth and
extent of which I do not entirely comprehend.
When the President proclaimed the blockade,
Congress had passed no act authorizing the clos-
ing of the ports in the disaffected localities. I
suppose a blockade is not exactly a question for
Congress; but at any rate it is one governed by-
international law affecting the rights of neutrals
in relation to entries into and departures from
ports declared to be under blockade; and there
is a great variety of questions in relation to the
efficiency of a blockade.
Now, I am unwilling that Congress should, by
any act here, undertake to pass upon that ques-
tion in such a way as, in diplomacy, or in any
other respect, to give any advantage to our oppo-
nents in reference to the mode in which we shall
act upon these ports. My own preference was,
at the last session of Congress, for an act of Con-
gress which should close these ports by munici-
pal, internal regulation. One of the great diffi=r-
ences is, that a vessel which comes into and goes
out of one of these ports under a blockade, if she
has escaped the force at the mouth of the port,
may pass freely; but, under the action of our
internal law, she may, like vessels under ourcus-
tom-house regulations, be forfeited and seized in.
any of our ports, and at-any place.
It has been said that this resolution is not im-
portant. I do not consider it to be so, except in
this point. I would prefer not to interfere with
the action of the Executive upon this subject.
Congress at this session has passed a law author-
izing the President by proclamation to close these
ports. I hope, therefore, upon the single question
that 1 suggest, that this resolution will pass by
without the action of Congress. We have no
time to amend it; we have no time to change it.
There is no probability that it will pass the other
House, and have the effect of law, if we act on it
now. We have, by an act adopted yesterday,
ratified and made valid and legal the action of the
President as far as there is any occasion or ne-
necessity for its validity, so far as our Army and
the volunteers are concerned. I have stated my
objections about this matter, and I would prefer
that the Senate should go into executive session.
I believe a vote on the resolution here would be
entirely nugatory; and if anybody has anything
to say on this subject, I should like to hear him.
Mr. WILSON. To satisfy gentlemen, I am
willing to modify the second declaration, which
nowreads: "he did,on the 19th dayof April last,
issue a proclamation setting on foot a blockade,"
by striking out " setting on foot a blockade," and
inserting " closing the ports." I would be willing
also to change the resolution by striking,out the
words " declared to be," so as to make it read:
Be, and the same are hereby, approved, and in all re-
spects legalized and made valid.
I believe this expresses the idea more fully and
more completely. If it is ill order, I move these
amendments. I think it is important to pass this
resolution, and I think it can pass the House of
Representatives.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. This resolution ia
more familiar to the Senate than any other reso-
lution which has been before it during the session.
It was earliest introduced. It was the pet meas-
ure of the majority here. It was put in justsuch
shape as that majority thought was. right. It was
the outbreak of the patriotic ardor with which the
Senate assembled. They matured it; anil before
the Senate got cool, Senators expressed their pur-
pose to vote for it. It has been up again and
again; it has been amendable for more than a
month. It is just in the shape in which a major-
ity of the Senate deliberately said they wanted it
to be, for some time. So eager was the Senate to
pass it, that it was difficult for any of us to get the
floor to make a protest in the name of the Consti-
tution against it; but at last we secured that right.
There it is. It has gone to the country. Itison
its passage, and not amendable. Let the Senate
vote it down, or pass it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is true this resolution
was introduced in the Senate atan early day, and
the Senate approved it. Our time has been occu-
pied by theOpposition to the Administration—110,
I will not say to the Administration, but the Op-
position to theGovernment. We have been ready
to pass this resolution at any day, but it has been
postponed for Senators'accommodation, and now
we come to the day of adjournment. This has
not been occasioned by any want of faith in the
soundness of the resolution, but a desire to accom-
modate Senators. I agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts that the term "closing the ports"
is a better term than "blockade." But wc have
been ready to pass it all the time; and both of the
