THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
shall be continued to the next session, and shall then be
proceeded with in the "same manner as if no adjournment
of the Senate had taken place; and the papers which have
been referred to the committees, and may be in their pos-
session at the close of the session, shall be returned in-
formally to the Secretary, and by him restored to the com-
mittees, when appointed, at the next session.
SENATOR EROM KANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
motion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. DIXON. Before the motion is put, I de-
sire to offer a resolution.
. Mr. KING. The time is wearing away, and
I do not think I can give way any longer.
Mr. DIXON. It is an important matter, and
will not occupy a single moment. It is a resolu-
tion for the payment of the mileage of the con-
testant of the seat of the Senator from Kansas. If
the Senate see fit to consider it, they can do so.
The PRESIDENT j -o tempore. It requires
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the usual mileage and pay be allowed and
paid to Frederick P. Stanton while contesting liis right to
a seat in the Senate from the State of Kansas.
The resolution was adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. KING. I renew my motion fof an exec-
utive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of a report of the Secretary
of the Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, copies of all papers,
evidence, vouchers, and a statement of the char-
acter and origin of the claim of the Delaware In-
dians for depredations upon timber and loss of
property by whites; which was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mi\ Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that iho President had tins day approved and
signed the following bill and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 63) making appropriations for
fortifications, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) requesting the
President of the United States to recommend a
day of public humiliation, fasting, and prayer.
MESSAGE PROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridgk, lis Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 105) to provide for
the payment to Arnold Willett, for bread, &c.,
and Henry North, for wood, provided for the
United States volunteers of Maryland; m which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIUNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
A bill (iS. No. 67) explanatory of an act enti-
tled "An act concerning the Attorney General
and the attorneys and marshals of the several
districts;"
A bill (S. No. 54) requiring an oath of alle-
giance, and to support the Constitution of the
United States, to be administered to certain per-
sons in the civil service of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 65) to authorize an increase in
the corps of engineers and topographical en-
gineers;
A joint resolution (S. No, 16) authorizing an
examination of James's projectiles for rifled can-
non; ■
A bill (S. No. 25) to confiscate property used
"for insurrectionary purposes;
A bill (S. No. 59) m relation to the office of
attorney of the United States for the southern
district of New York; and
A bill (S. No. 39) to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts in judicial districts dur-
ing a temporary vacancy of the judgship.
ALTERATION OF THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to: -
Resolved, That the committee appointed July 8,1861, on
alterations in the construction of the Senate Chamber, be
continued to the next session of Congress, with power then
to report by bill or otherwise.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed a bill (S. No. 49) to create a metropolitan
police district of the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
60) relative to appeals to the Supreme Court of
the United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the- President pro tempore:
A bill (Ii. R. No. 101) to promote the efficiency
of the engineer and topographical corps; and
A bill (H. R. No. 86) to punish certain crimes
against the United States.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
The bill (II. R. No. 103) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to pay the volunteers who, under
the command of Charles W. White, and by the
order of Brigadier General T. A. Morris, enlisted
to protect the railroad bridge and other property
in the vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county,
Maryland, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr.Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 39) to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts in judicial districts dur-
ing a temporary vacancy of the judgeship;
lAn act (S. No. 59) in relation to the office of
attorney of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of New York;
An act (S. No. 0-7) explanatory of an act enti-
tled " An act concerning the Attorney General,
and the attorneys and marshals of the several
districts;"
An act (S. No.<i4) requiringan oath ofallegiance
and to support the Constitution of the United
States to be administered to certain persons in the
civil service of the United States;
An act (S. No. 25) to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes;
An act (S. No. 65) to authorize an increase in
the corps ofengincui sand topographical engineers;
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 16) authorizing an
examination of James's projectiles for rilled can-
non.
ARNOLD WILLETT AND HENRY NORTH.
The bill (EI. R. No. 105) to provide for the pay-
ment to Arnold Willett, for bread, &e., and Hen-
ry North, for wood, provided for the United
States volunteers of Maryland, was read twice by
its title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 9) in relation
to the Congressional Globe was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SHERMAN objected to the consideration
of the joint resolution; and it was laid over.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 72)
to increase the pay of the privates in the regular
Army, and of the volunteers in the service of the
United States, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 46) to pro-
vide for the construction of a bridge across the
Potomac river, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had this day approved
and signed the following bills:
An act (H. R. No. 86) to punish certain crimes
against the United States; and
► An act (H. R. No. 101) to promote the efficiency
of the engineer and topographical corps.
THE LONG BRIDGE.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate concur
in the amendment made by the House to the bill
(S. No. 46) to provide for the construction of a
bridge across the Potomac river.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill to the end of the second section; so that the
remainder of the bill will read:
That the &um of $20,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated for tlie repair of the present Long Bridge across
the Potomac river.
The amendment was concurred in.
INDEPENDENCE OF IIAYTI.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts concerning the rec-
ognition of the independence of the Republic of
Hayti; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of tlfe
President])?'© tempore:
A bill (S. No. 60) relative to appeals to the
Supreme Court of the United States; and
A bill (S. No. 72) to increase the pay of the
privates in the regular Army, and of the volun-
teers in the service of the United States, and for
other purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.'
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President had this day appioved and
signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 65) to authorize an increase in
the corps of engineers and topographical en-
gineers;
An act (S. No. 39) to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts m judicial districts dur-
ing a temporary vacancy in the judgeship; and
An act (S. No. 59) in relation to the offieeof at-
torney of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of New York.
D. K. M'NAIR.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to re-
port a resolution from the Committee to Audit and
Controlthc ContigentExpensesoftheSenate, and
to ask the Senate to pass on it at once:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, to D. R. McN.ut} late Ser-
gcant-at-Arms, an amount equal to the salary of the said
Soigpant-ar-Armrf, fiom the 5th day of July until the ist
Monday of December next.
It is a small matter.
Mr. BINGHAM and others objected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and it carries the resolution over under the
rule.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
There are some nominations, 1 hear.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We cannot
get in before the time expires.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The President has
scntin some nominations that it is very important
to have confirmed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
proceed to, the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. GRIMES. I have made that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
In a few minutes the doors were reopened.
