456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
Main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forfeit, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 69) to increase the
pay of the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
ana privates of the regular. Army, volunteers,
marines, and seamen in the service of the United
States.,
Also , that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill (S. No. 54) requir-
ing an oath of allegiance, and to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, to be administered
to certain persons in the civil service of the United
States.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. €5) to au-
thorize an increase in the corps of engineers and
topographical engineers.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the bill
(H. R. No. 86) to punish certain crimcs against
the United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (No. 72)
to increase the pay of the privates in the regular
Army and in the volunteers in the service of the
United States, and for other purposes; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate that he had approved and
signed bills and a resolution of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 41) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to authorize a national loan, and
for other purposes;"
An act (S. No. 53) to prohibit the sale of spirit-
uous liquors and intoxicating drinks in the Dis-
trict of Columbia in certain cases; '
_ An act (S. No. 58) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States," approved
July 29, 1861;
An act (S. No. 64) to reducc the consular fees for
vessels running to or between foreign ports; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) to pay to the
widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount
due to him as a Senator at the time of his death.
INOBEASE OP PRIVATES' PAY.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 72, to increase the
pay of the privates in the regular Army, and in
the volunteers in thC service of the United States,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CRISFIELD.
tian of that bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope gentlemen will not
object. If the bill cannot be passed now, there
will be a called session within twenty-four hours.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a question in reference to this bill. I desire to
know how this bill comes back here, after the
House passed it yesterday?
Mr. STEVENS. This is a new bill.
The SPEAKER. It is an original Senate bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not under-
stand the matter yet.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has just sent
this bill to the House, and asks the concurrence
of the House in it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We concurred in
a similar bill yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will inform
the gentleman, by leave of the Mouse. I believe
this is identically the bill that passed the House,
with this exception: that, instead of increasing
the pay of privates four dollars per month, this
bill increases it but two dollars per month. I
suppose that if this bill should not pass, Con-
gress would be called back.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is very easy for
the House to recede from its amendment to the bill
passed yesterday; and that will leave it all right.
Mr. STEVENS. That bill, with the amend-
ments, was lost in the Senate.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
taking up the bill ?
Mr. CR1SFIELD. I have objected to it.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
I object to the considera-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 69) to increase the pay of the
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates of the regular Army, volunteers, marines,
and seamen in the service of the United States;
A bill to provide for holding the district and
circuit courts in judicial districts during a tempo-
rary vacancy in the judgeship;
A bill (S. No. 54) requiring an oath of allegi-
ance, and to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to be administered to certain persons
in the civil service of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 59) in relation to the office of
attorney of the United States for the southern
district of New York;
A bill (S. No. 67) explanatory of an act en-
titled "An act concerning the Attorney General
and the attorneys and marshals of the several
districts;"
A joint resolution (S. No. 16) authorizing an
examination of James's projectiles for rifled
cannon;
A bill (S.No.65) to authorize an increase in the
corps of engineers and topographical engineers;
A bill to confiscate property used for insurrec-
tionary purposes; and
A bill (H. R. 101) to promote the efficiency of
the engineer and topographical engineer corps,
and for other purposes.
COMMUNICATION WITH THE ENEMY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hold in my hand a bill
which has been read the first and second time,
and referred to the Judiciary Committee. That
committee has not had an opportunity to pass
upon it. It is a bill to define, prohibit, and pun-
ish certain unlawful communications with the
enemy. I ask that the House will allow the bill
to be read and passed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. To com-
municate with the enemy is treason already, and I
desire the law to remain as our fathers made it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Communication in writing
may not be treason. There is a special saving in
the statute itself of anything that is treason al-
ready, so that the gentleman from Ohio has not
answered the point.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the bill.
LONG BRIDGE.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to take up Senate bill
(No. 46) appropriating $220,000 for the rebuild-
ing of the Long Bridge across the Potomac, which
was reported some days ago from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
An act to provide for the construction of a
bridge across the Potomac river.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to make a single
statement to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I have been unable
to hear a single word of what has been going on;
and I give notice that I will object to everything
that I cannot hear.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to state that I have
a letter here from General Meigs, which says that
an appropriation for the purpose of keeping the
present bridge in repair is absolutely necessary.
He says that the sum of $220,000 for building a
new bridge would be wholly inadequate for the
construction of such a bridge as the bill proposes.
If the House will indulge me in taking the bill
up, I will move to strike out the provision for build-
ing a new bridge, and move to increase the appro-
priation for the repair of the present structure
from $10,000 to §100,000.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had this day approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act authorizing the construction of twelve
small side-wheel steamers;
An act making an appropriation to defray the
expensesofinvestigating committees ofthe House
and Senate, appointed at the first session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, and of the commission
authorized to examine and report as to the com-
pensation of the various officers of the Govern-
ment;
An act authorizing additional enlistments in the
Navy of the United States; and
An act making further appropriations for the
support of the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1862, and for other purposes.
LONG BRIDGE—AGAIN.
Mr. ASHLEY. I hope now there will be no
objection to discharging the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the con-
sideration of the bill for the construction of the
Long Bridge.
There being no objection, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now move to strike out the
first section of the bill, which provides for the
construction of a new bridge, and to increase the
appropriation in the second section for the repairs
of the present structure from $10,000 to $100,000.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Do I understand the
motion to be to strike out §10,000, and insert
#100,000?
The SPEAKER. That is the latter portion of
the gentleman's motion.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I have objected to
the consideration of the bill at all, and 1 have not
withdrawn my objection.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill to punish
certain crimes against the United States; when
the Speaker signed the same.
LONG BRIDGE—AGAIN.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I desire to
state to the House that the Committee for the
District of Columbia had this subjeet under con-
sideration, and came to the conclusion that $10,000
is sufficient to be appropriated at this time for
repairs of the Long Bridge.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am informed by General
Miegs that $10,000 will not keep the bridge in
repair three months.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call the attention
of the Chair again to the fact that I have not with-
drawn my objection to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's objection comes too late. The Chair put
the question to the House, looking directly to the
gentfeman from New York, if there was objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill, and no one
objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Do I understand the
gentleman moves to increase the appropriation
from $10,000 to $100,000 for repairs merely ?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is not $10,000 enough
for that purpose ?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir; General Meigs says
it is not enough to keep the bridge in repair for
three months.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If the House will hear a
single statement, I think there can be no difficulty
about this matter.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of order. I want to know if this bill can be con-
sidered in the face of my objection, which Ihave
not withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and decides that the gentleman
did not object in time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I find myself, then,
under the very disagreeable necessity of appeal-
ing from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
appeal comes too late. The bill is before the
House for consideration, and it is too late to raise
the question of its reception.
Mr. ASHLEY. In order to satisfy gentlemen
who think $100,000 is too much for this purpose,
I will vary my motion, so as to make the appro-
priation $20,000. I think there can be no objec-
tion to that amount.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman from Ohio will
yield a moment, I will explain this matter so that
there will be no objection. I think General Meigs
stated to me this morning that the appropriation
of $220,000 would be entirely inadequate to build
even a small portion of the bridge, as it must cost
over a million dollars to build it as proposed; and
also, that $10,000 was entirely too small a sum to
repair it so that it would be reasonably safe. He
thought $100,000 as small a sum as would answer
