458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6;
the floor of the Senate, without qualification, if not exult-
ingly. that tlie Union was already dissolved—a proclama-
tion winch, however intended, was ccrtainly calculated to
invite, on the part of men of desperate fortunes or of revo-
lutionary States, a raid upon the capital. In view of the
violence and turbulent disorders already exhibited in the
South, the public mind could not reject such a scheme as
at all improbable. That a belief in its existence was enter-
tained by multitudes, there can be no doubt, and this belief
1 fully shared. My conviction rested not only on the facts
already alluded to, but upon information, some of which
was of a most conclusive character, that reached the Gov-
ernment from many parts of the country, not merely ex-
pressing the prevalence of the opinion that such an organ-
ization* had been formed, but also often furnishing the plau-
sible grounds on which the opinio^ was based. Superadded
to these proofs, were tue oft-repeated declarations of men
in high political positions here, and who were known to
have intimate affiliations with the revolution—if indeed
they did not hold its reins in their hands—to the effect that
Mr. Lincoln would not, or should not, be inaugurated at
Washington. Such declarations, from such men, could not
be treated as empty bluster. They were the solemn utter-
ances of those who well understood the import of their
words, and who, in the exultation of the temporary victo-
nesgainedover their country's flag in the South, felt assured
that events would soon give them the power to verify their
predictions. Simultaneously with theee prophetic warn-
ings, a southern journal of large circulation and influence,
und which is published near the city of Washington, advo-
cated its seizure as a possible political necessity.
The nature and power of the testimony thus accumulated
may be best estimated by the effect produced upon the popu-
lar mind. Appiehensionstor the safety of the capital were
communicated hom points near and remote, by men un-
questionably lHiable and loyal. The resident population
became disquieted, and the repose of many families in the
city was known to be distutbcu by painful anxieties. Mem-
bers of Congress, too—men of calm and comprehensive
views, and of undoubted fidelity to their oountry—frankly
expressed their solicitude to the President and to this De-
partment, and formally insisted that the defenses of the
capital should he strengthened. With such warnings it
could not be forgotten that, had the late Secretaiy ot War
heeded the anonymous letter which he received, the tragedy
at Harper's Foiry would have been avoided; nor could I
fail to remember that, had the early admonitions which
reached here in regaid to the designs of lawless men upon
the foit-* of Chaileston harbor been acted on by sending for-
ward adequate reinfoiceinents before the revolution began,
the disastrous political complications that ensued might not
have occurred.
Impressed by tho^e chenmatarices and considerations, 1
carnally besought you to allow the concentration, at this
city, of a sufficient military force to preserve the public
pcaec fiom all the dangers that bcvmed to threaten it. An
opttn manifestation, on the part of the Administration, of a
determination, as well as of the ability, to maintain the
laws, would, I was convinced, piove the sutest, as also the
most pacific, means of baffling and dissolving any conspir-
acy that might have been organized. It was believed, too,
thiitthc highest and most solemn responsibility resting upon
a 1'iesident withdiawing from the {government was to se-
cure to Jus successor a peaceful inaugui ation. So deeply,
in my judgment, did this duty concern the whole country
and the fair fame of our institutions, that, to guaranty it*
laithful discharge, I was persuaded no preparation could
be too determined or too complete. The presence of the
troops alluded to in the resolution is the result ot the con-
elusion arilved at by yourbClf and Cabinet, oil the proposi-
' turn submitted to you by this Department. Already this
display of Hfe and loyalty on the part of your Administra-
tion has produced the happiest effects. J'ublic confidence
has been restored, and the feverish apprehension which it
was so mortifying to contemplate has been banished. What-
ever may have been the machinations of deluded, lawless
men, the execution of their purpose hm been suspended,
if not altogether abandoned, in view of preparations which
announce mote impressively than words that this Admrn-
istiauon is alike able and resolved to transitu in peace, to
the I're-udent elect, the authority that, under the Constitu-
tion, belongs to liiin. To those, if such there be, who de-
sire the destruction of the Republic, the presence of these
troops is necessarily otTcnhivej but thOr>e who sincerely
love our institutions cannot fail to rejoice that, by this
timely precaution, they have possibly escaped the deep dis-
honor which they must have suffered had the capital, like
the forts und arsenals of the South, fallen into the hands of
the revolutionists, who have found this great Government
weak only because, in the cxhausttcss beneficence ol its
spirit, It has relused to s>uike, even in its. own defense, lest
it should wound the aggressor.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
seivant, J. HOLT,
Secretary of War■
The President.
MARITIME rights.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to oifer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Prc^idcntof the United States, if not
incompatible with the public interest, communicate to this
House, at its next session, the correspondence with foreign
nations since 1853, with reference to maritime rights.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
adopted.
clerk of a committee.
Mr. VERREE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be author-
ized to allow the account of the clerk of the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, for his sei vices during the sec-
ond session of the Thirfy-Sixth Congress.
SENATE BILLS RETURNED.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
certain bills asked for by the Senate will be re-
turned to that body.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MAY. I ask the consent of the House to
make a personal explanation. I may say that I
rise to a question of privilege. I was not here
yesterday when the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Diven] offered his resolution.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed, objection being made.
Mr. CJRISEIELD. I move that the rules be
suspended, in order to permit my colleague to
make his personal explanation.
The motion was disagreed to, (two thirds not
yoting in favor thereof.)
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. .1 have been requested
by several new members to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a copy of the Congiessional G^he and
Appendix be purchased by the Clerk of the House, at the
usual pi ice, foi each member of the present llouse who
has never received the same.
Mr. McPHERSON". 1 objcct.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER , from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker sTgned the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 72) to increase the pay of
privates of the regular Army and of the volun-
teers in the service of the United States, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 60) relative to appeals to the
Supremo Court of the united States.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (H.-R. No. 103) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay the volunteers who, under the
command of Charles W. White, and by order of
Brigadier General T. A. Morris, enlisted to pro-
tect the railroad bridge and other property in the
vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county, Maryland;
and
Abill (H. R. No. 105) to provide for the pay-
ment of Arnold Willett, for bread, &c., and Henry
Worth, for wood, supplied to the United States
volunteers in Maryland,
extension of the session.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the session be ox-
tended thirty minutes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The clock has been
stopped five or ten minutes.
Mr. COLFAX. The Senate desires that ex-
tension.
There was no objection,and it wassoordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Will that nllow'tiie clock to
goon? [Laughter.]
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they hud examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 103) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay volunteers who, under the
command of Churles W. White, and by order of
Brigadier General T. A. Morris, enlisted to pro-
tect the railroad bridge and other property in the
vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county, Maryland;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 105) to provide for the pay-
ment of Arnold Willett, for bread &c., and Henry
Worth, for wood, supplied to the United States
volunteers in Maryland.
the house clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That inasmuch as the clock lias refused to go
by the House, the House refuses to go by the clock.
Objected to.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary, notifying- the
House that he had approved and signed an act
(H. R. No. 86) to punish certain crimes against
the United States.
holt's letter.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I again ask for the read-
ing of Secretary Holt's letter, giving the reasons
for assembling a military force in this city.
There was no objection; and the reading of the
letter was ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, before the
Clerk proceeds to read that letter, I will inform
the House that this morning the news from Ken-
tucky is to the effect that she is wholly for the
Union; that, as she was one of the first to come
into it, she will be one of the last to leave it.
[Protracted applause upon the floor and in the gal-
leries.]
The Clerk then read the letter referred to, and
published in the preceding portion of the day's
proceedings.
message f 0m the president.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Nicolay, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R.No. 103) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay the volunteers who, under
the command of Charles W. White, and by order
of Brigadier General T. A Morris, enlisted to pro-
tect the railroad bridge and other property in the
vicinity of Oakland, Allegany county, Maryland;
and
An act (H. R. No. 105) to provide for the pay-
mentof Arnold Willett,for bread,&c.,and Henry
Worth, for wood, supplied to the United States
volunteers in Maryland.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to the resolution
for the extension of the session thirty minutes.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the House to permit me
to make an explanation in reference to the reso-
lution introduced by me yesterday, and which I
understand is regarded as offensive to some mem-
bers-of this House.
Objection was made.
A Member. Mr. May was not allowed to
explain.
Mr. DIVEN. Then I ask that he be allowed
to make ail explanation. I want to say that I
meant nothing personally offensive by the word-
ing of that resolution. I meant simply to con-
demn a principle, and not to question the motives,
the integrity, or honesty of anybody who advo-
cated that principle.
Mr. MAY. 1 was not here when the resolu-
tion was offered, or I should have adverted to its
terms at the time. The gentleman's explanation
is entirely satisfactory.
Mr. DIVEN. While the vote was being taken,
an alteration of the terms of the resolution was
being prepared; but it was too late.
Mr. COX. It is the desire of members around
here to make a clean thing of the matter that
transpired yesterday. At the time the gentleman
from Now York offered his resolution, it excited
a general flash of indignation on this side of the
House. The gentleman says now that there was
nothing personal in it. But members on this side
who have consistently supported the war policy
of the Administration, and who have also been
desirous, at all times, of a proper and honorable
peace, believing that the war was to be conducted
with a view to peace and union, and members,
too, who had other motives and other objects in
view, all looking to pacification, felt that the res-
olution was « personal indignity offered to them.
This feelinginduced the resolution which I offered.
I take, however, the present opportunity of say-
ing that, as the gentleman from New York has
withdrawn all that was obnoxious in his resolu-
tion, I would, if it were in my power, wipe out
the whole of mine.
secretary holt's letter.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that five thou-
sand copies of the letterof Hon. Joseph Holt, just
read, be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
