1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Michigan that his resolution could
not lie acted on at this time. It mustgo, by law,
to the Committee on Printing.
COMMITTEE TO' WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. KELLOGG- of Illinois. I move that a
committee be appointed to wait on the President
of the United States, and ascertain whether he
has any further communication to make to the
House.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Kel-
logg of Illinois, Fenton, and Crisfield, were
appointed such committee.
NORTHWESTERN INTERESTS.
Mr. COLFAX. Would it be in order to hear
the gemleman from Minnesota [Mr. Aldrich] in
inference to the condition of our northwestern
frontier ?
Mr- STEVENS. And of the Red River of the
North?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will make none.
There was no objection.
Mr. ALDRICH. Thegentleman from Missouri
desires to know if thegentleman from Ohio objects?
Mr. VALLAND1G HAM. Which gentleman
from Ohio ?
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman in the aisle,
[Mr. Vallandigham.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I belong to the
Northwest myself, and object to nothing that
concerns her interests.
Mr. COX. I would like to know the effect of
the new tat iff on whisky in the Red River coun-
try. [Laughter.]
The .SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
any personalities to be indulged in.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say at the out-
set, to my ftiends from Ohio, these young men,
worthy young men, educated young men, talented
young men, young men, Mr. Speaker—can I have
the Speaker's ear?—[roars of laughter]—I was
saying, Mr. Speaker, with due solemnity, [con-
tinued laughter,] to the young men here from
Ohio, one standing in the aisle—where he has
stood nearly all the session—on the frontier,
[great laughter] 
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes gentlemen
will preserve the decorum due to the occasion.
Mr. ALDRICH. The other one scribbling
away as he ought not to do. They are worthy
young men, talented young men; but the trouble
is they are laboring under a mental hallucination
of the mind. [Uproarious laughter.] But before
11 get to the Red River of the North, Mr. Speaker,
: let me say to the gentleman from Lancaster, Penn-
sylvania—the worthy chairman of the Committee
| of Ways and Means  ^
I A Voice. Committee of mean ways.
| Mr. ALDRICH". Sometimes they are mean
| ways, especially when they oppose anything for
' the Red River of the North, as they sometimes
have done, which was very much to be regretted,
i I have almost forgotten what I was going to say.
i [Laughter.]
I Mr. STEVENS made some suggestion.
| Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman has reminded
me that my light-haired young friend from Indi-
i ana [Mr. Porter.] sometimes gets off the track,
I and votes against appropriations for the Red River
| of the North. That, too, is very much to be re-
: gretted. But the gentleman from Lancaster him-
! self, [Mr. Stevens,]—the place where " J. B."
, comes from—a young man who ought to know
' what is right, and ought to vote what is right,
| sometimes gets off the track, too. Mr. Speaker,
: we of the Noithwest, living on the buffalo trail
between the Atlantic and Pacific, have asked fa-
vors at the hands of this House. Sometimes we
have been favored, and sometimes we have not.
When we asked an appropriation of $200,000 for
a mail route from the MississippitoPugetSound,
, thegentleman from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, said
! there was nothing there to transport except rab-
, bit skins. [Laughter.] But that gentleman aint
The gentleman ought to come into our
country and look at it, as you have done, Mr.
Speaker, and as my friend from Indiana, this nice
young man, [Mr. Colfax,] has done. He un-
derstands all these things. But what was to me
more surprising than anything else, that nice
young man, as chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, when the Senate had
voted to give us $300,000 for an overland mail
route,opposed it. [Mr.HuTCHiNs, "Louder."]
The gentleman from Ohio will recollect that I in-
formed his colleague last session that my lur%s
were weak, [laughter,] and that I could not speak
loud." Here is my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Blair, of
Missouri,] who has also been out to my country,
and who told me himself, individually, that he
found Christians out there. [Loud laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will suspend
his remarks, to permit a committee to report.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will yield for my friend
from Illinois; not for any other man.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
committee appointed by this House to confer with
the President, and ascertain if he had any further
communication to make to this House, have dis-
charged thatduty;andare authorized by the Pres-
ident to say that he has no further communica-
tion to make to the House this session.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of the House of
Representatives, the clock isevidently out of order.
[Laughter.] The hour having arrived fixed by
the two Houses of Congress for their adjourn-
ment,! declare this House adjourned sine die.
Mr. ALDRICH. Mr. Speaker, I wish to know
if I am cut off?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be en-
titled to the floor at the commencement of the
next session of Congress, as unfinished business.
[Laughter.]
THE END.
