APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Felloio- Citizens of the Senate and
House of Representatives:
Having been convened on an extraordinary oc-
casion, as authorized by the Constitution, your
attention is not called to any ordinary subject of
legislation.
At the beginning of the present presidential
term, four months ago, the functions of the Fed-
eral Government were found to be generally sus-
pended within the several States of South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Florida, excepting only those of the Post
Office Department.
Within these States all the forts, arsenals, dock-
yards, custom-houses, and the like, including the
movable and stationary property in and about
them, had been seized, and were held in open
hostility to this Government, excepting only Forts
Pickens, Taylor, and Jefferson, on and near the
Florida coast, and Fort Sumter, in Charleston
harbor, South Carolina. The forts thus seized
had been put in improved condition, new ones
had been built, and armed forces had been organ-
ized and were organizing, all avowedly with the
same hostile purpose.
The forts remaining in the possession of the
Federal Government in and near.these States were
either besieged or menaced by warlike prepara-
tions, and especially Fort Sumter was nearly sur-
rounded by well-protected hostile batteries, with
guns equal in quality to the best of its own, and
outnumbering the latter as perhaps ten to one.
A disproportionate share of the Federal muskets
and rifles had somehow found their way into these
States, and had been seized to be used against the
Government. Accumulations of the public reve-
nue, lying within them, had been seized for the
same object. The Navy was scattered in'distant
seas, leaving but a very small part of it within
the immediate reach of the Government. Officers
of the Federal Army and Navy had resigned in
great numbers; and of those resigning, a largo
proportion had taken up arms against the Gov-
ernment. Simultaneously, and in connection with
all this, the purpose to sever the Federal Union
was openly avowed. In accordance with this
purpose, an ordinance had been adopted in each
of these States, declaring the States, respectively,
to be separated from thrc National Union. A
formula for instituting a combined government of
these States had been promulgated ;and this illegal
organization in the character of confederate States,
was already invoking recognition, aid, and inter-
vention, from foreign Powers.
Finding this condition of things, and believing
it to be nn imperative duty upon the incoming
Executive to prevent, if possible, the consumma-
tion of such attempt to destroy the Federal Union,
a choice of means to that end became indispensa-
ble. This choice was made, and was declared in
the inaugural address. The policy chosen looked
to the exhaustion of all peaceful measures, before
New Sekibs—No. 1.
a resort to any stronger ones. It sought only to
hold the public places and property not already
wrested from the Government, and to collect the
revenue, relying for the rest on time, discussion,
and the ballot box. It promised a continuance of
the mails, at. Government expense, to the very
people who were resisting the Government; and
it gave repeated pledges against any disturbance
to any of the people, or any of their rights. Of
all that which a President might constitutionally
and justifiably do in such a case, everything was
forborne, without which it was believed possible
to keep the Government on foot.
On the 5th of March, (the present incumbent's
first full day in office,) a letter of Major Ander-
son, commanding at Port Sumter, written on the
28th of February, and received at the War De*
partment oil the 4th of March, was, by that De-
partment, placed in his hands. This letter ex-
pressed the professional opinion of the writer,
that reinforcements could not tje thrown into that
fort within the time for his relief, rendered neces-
sary by the limited supply ofprovisions, and with
a view of holding possession of the same, with a
force of less than twenty thousand good and well
disciplined men. This opinion was concurred in
by all the officers of his command, and their mem-
oranda oil the subject were made inclosures of
Major Anderson's letter. The whole was imme-
diately laid before Lieutenant General Scott, who
at once concurred with Major Anderson in opinion.
On reflection, however, he took full time, consult-
ing with other officers, both of the Army and the
Navy; and, at the end of four days, came reluct-
antly, but decidedly, to the same conclusion as
before. He also stated at the same time that no
sueh sufficient force was then at the control of the
Government,orcould be raised and brought to the
ground within the time when the provisions in
the fort would be exhausted. In a purely military
point of view, this reduced the duty of the Ad-
ministration in the case, to the mere matter of
getting the garrison safely out of the fort.
It was believed, however, that to so abandon
that position, under the circumstances, would be
utteily ruinous; that the necessity under which it
was to be done would not be fully understood;
that by many it would be construed as a part of
a voluntary policy; that at home it would dis-
courage the friends of the Union, embolden its
adversaries, and go far to insure to the latter a
recognition abroad; that, in fact, it would be our
national destruction consummated. This could
not be allowed. Starvation was not yet upon the
garrison; and ere it would be reached Fort Pickens
might be reinforced. This last would be a clear
indication of policy, and would better enable the
country to accept the evacuation of Port Sumter
as a military necessity. An order was at once
directed to be sent for the landing of the troops
from the steamship Brooklyn into Fort Pickens.
This order could not go^by land, but must take
the longer and slower route by sea. The first
return news from the order was received just one
I week before the fall of Fort Sumter. The news
itself was that the officer commanding the Sabine,
to which vessel the troops had been transferred
from the Brooklyn, acting upon some quad arm-
istice of the late Administration, (and of the ex-
istence of which the present Administration, up
to the time theorder was dispatched, had only too
vague and uncertain rumors to fixattention,) had
refused to land tli<5 troops. To now reinforce
Fort Pickens before a crisis would be reached at
Fort Sumter was impossible—rendered so by the
near exhaustion of provisions in the latter-named
fort. In precaution against such a conjuncture,
the Government had a few days before com-
menced preparing an expedition, as well adapted
as might be, to relieve Fort Sumter, which expe-
dition was intended to be ultimately used or not,
according to circumstances. The strongest an-
ticipated case for using it was now presented; and
it was resolved to send it forward. As had been
intended in this contingency, it was also resolved
to notify the Governor of South Carolina that he
might expect an attempt would be made to pro-
vision the fort; and that, if the attempt should
not be resisted, there would be no effort to throw
in men, amis, or ammunition, without further no-
tice, or in case of an attack upon the fort. This
notice was accordingly given; whereupon the fort
was attacked and bombarded to its fall, without
even awaiting the arrival of the provisioning ex-
pedition.
It is thus seen that the assault upon and reduc-
tion of Fort Sumter was in no sense a matter of
self defense on the part of the assailants. They
well knew that the garrison in the fort could by
no possibility commit aggression upon them.
They knew—they were expressly notified—that
the giving of bread to the few brave and hungry
men of the garrison was all which would on that
occasion be attempted, unless themselves, by re-
sisting so much, should provoke more. They
knew that this Government desired to keep the
garrison in the fort, not to assail them, but merely
to maintain visible possession, and thus to pre-
serve the Union from actual and immediate dis-
solution—trusting, as hereinbefore stated, to time,
discussion, and ihe ballot-box, for final adjust-
ment; and they assailed and reduced the fort for
precisely the reverse object—to drive out the vis-
ible authority of the 'Federal Union, and thus
force it to immediate dissolution. That this was
their object, the Executive well understood; and
having said to them in the inaugural address,
"You can have no conflict without being your-
selves the aggressors," he took pains not only
to keep this declaration good, butalso to keep the
case so free from the power of ingenious soph-
istry that the world should not be able to mis-
understand it. By the affair at Fort Sumter, with
its sui rounding circumstances, that point was
reachcd. Then and thereby the assailants of the
Government began the conflict of arms, without
a gun in sight or in expectancy to return their lire,
save only the few in the fort, sent to that harbor
years before for their own protection, and still
ready to give that protection in whatever was
lawful. In this act, discarding all else, they have
forced upon the country the distinct issue, " im-
mediate dissolution or blood."
And this issue embraces more than the fate of
these United States. It presents to the whole
family of man the question, whether a constitu-
