APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[July 4,
37th Cong. ...1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
tional republic, or democracy—a Government of
the people by the same people—can or cannot
maintain its territorial integrity against its own
domestic foes. It presents the question, whether
discontented individuals, too few in numbers to
control administration, according to organic law,
in any case, can always, upon the pretenses made
in this cose, or on any other pretenses, or arbi-
trarily, without any pretense, break up their Gov-
ernment, and thus practically put an end to free
government upon the earth. It forces us to ask:
" Is there, in all republics, this inherent and fatal
weakness?" "Must a Government, of neces-
sity, be too strong for the liberties of its own peo-
ple, or two weak to maintain its own existence?"
So viewing the issue, no choice was left but to
call out the war power of the Government; and
so to resist force employed for its destruction, by
force for its preservation.
The call was made, and the response of the
country was most gratifying, surpassing in una-
nimity and spirit the most sanguine expectation.
Yet none of the States commonly callcd slave
States, except Delaware, gave a regiment through
regular State organization. A few regiments have
been organized within some others of those States
by individual enterpiise, and received into the
Government service. Of course, the seceded
States, so called, (and to whidi Texas had been
joined about the time of the inauguration,) gave
no troops to the cause of the Union. The border
States, so called, were not uniform in their action,
some of them being almost/or the Union, while in
others—as Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee,
and Arkansas—the Union sentiment wits nearly
repressed and silenced. The course taken in Vir-
ginia was the most remarkable—perhaps the most
important. A convention, elected by the people
of that State to consider this very question of dis-
rupting the Federal Union, was in session at the
capital of Virginia when Fort Sumter fell. To this
body the people had chosen a large majority of
pro/mat Union men. Almost immediately after
the full of Sumter, many members of that ma-
jority went over to the original disunion minority,
and, with them, adopted an ordinance for witli-
diawing theStatc from Ihc Union. Whether this
change was wrought by their great approval of
the assault upon Sumter,or theirgroat resentment
at the Government's resistance to that assault, is
not definitely known. Although tlicy submitted
the ordinance, for ratification, to a vote of the
people, to be taken on n (lay then somewhat more
than a month distant, the convention and the
Legislature, (which was also in session at the
same time and place,) with leading men of the
State, not members of either, immediately com-;
menced acting as if the State were already out of
the Union. They pushed military preparations
vigorously forward all over the State. They
seized tlie United States armory at Harper's
Ferry, and the navy-yard at Gosport, near Nor-
folk. They received—perhaps invited—into their
State large bodies of troops, with their warlike
appointments, from the so-called seceded States.
They formally entered into a treaty of temporary
alliance and cooperation with the so-called "c.011-
fedeiato States,' and sent membeis to their con-
gress at Montgomery; and, finally, they per-
mitted the insurrectionary government to lie
transferred to their cnpital at Richmond.
The people of Virginia have thus allowed this
giant insurrection to make its nest within her bor-
ders; and this Government has 110 choice left but
lo ileal with it to/jcre it finds it. And itjias the
less regret, as the loyal citizens have in due form
claimed its protection. Those loyal citizens this
Government is bound to recognize and protect as
being Vnginia.
In the border States, so called—in fact, the mid-
dle States—there are those who favor a policy
which they call " armed neutralitythat is, an
arming of those States to prevent the Union forces
passing one way, or the disunion the other, over
their soil. This would be disunion completed.
Figuratively speaking, it would be the building
of an impassable wall along the line of separation—
and yet not quite an impassable one; for, under
toe guise of neutrality , it would tie the hands of I
the Union men, and freely pass supplies from '
among them to the insurrectionists, which it could
not do as an open enemy. At a stroke it would
take all the trouble off the hands of secession,ex-
cept only what proceeds from the external block-
ade. It would do for the disunionists that which
of all things they most desire—feed them well and
give them disunion without a struggle of their
own. It recognizes 110 fidelity to the Constitu-
tion, no obligation„to maintain the Union; and
while very many who have favored it are doubt-
less loyal citizens, it is, nevertheless, very inju-
rious in effect.
Recurring to the action of the Government, it
may be stated that at first a call was made for
seventy-five thousand militia; and rapidly follow-
ing this a proclamation was issued for closing the
ports of the insurrectionary districts by proceed-
ings in the nature of a blockade. So far all was
believed to be strictly legal. A-t this point the
insurrectionists announced their purpose to enter
upon the practice of privateering.
Other calls were made for volunteers to serve
for three years, unless sooner discharged, and also
'for large additions to the regular Army and Navy.
These measures, whether stiictly legal" or not,
were ventured upon under what appeared to be a
popular demand and a public necessity; trusting
then as now that Congress would readily ratify
them. It is believed that nothing has been done
beyond the constitutional competency of Con-
gress.
Soon after the first call for militia, it was con-
sidered a duty to authorize the commanding gen-
eral in proper cases, according to his discretion,
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, or, in other words, to arrest and detain,
withoutresorttothe ordinary processes and forms
of law, such individuals as he might deem dan-
gerous to the public safety. This authority has
purposely been exercised but very sparingly.
Nevertheless, the legality and propriety of what
has been done under it are questioned, and the
intention of the country lia^i been called to the prop-
osition that one who is sworn to " take care that
the laws be faithfully executed" should not him-
self violate them. Of course some consideration
was given to the questions of power and propri-
ety belore this matter was acted upon. The whole
ot the laws which were required to be faithfully
executed were being resisted, and failing of exe-
cution in nearly one third of the States. Must
they lie allowed to finally fail of execution,even
had it been perfectly clear that by the use of the
moans necessary to their execution some single
law, made in such extreme tenderness of the citi-
zen's liberty, that practically it relieves more of
the guilty than of the innocent, should to a very
limited extent be violated ? To state the question
moie dnectly: are all the laws but one to go un-
executed, and the Government itself go to pieces,
lest that one be violated? Even 111 such a ease,
would not the oliieial oath be broken if the Gov-
ernment should be overthrown, when it was be-
lieved that disregarding the single law would tend
to preserve it? But it was not believed that this
question was presented. It was not believed that
any law was violated. The ptovision of the Con-
stitution that " the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended unless when, in
cases of rebellion or invasion, the public safety
may require it," is equivalent to a provision—is a
provision—that such privilege may be suspended
when, in case of rebellion or invasion, the public
safety docs require it. It was decided that we have
a case of rebellion, and that the public safety does
require the qualified suspension of the privilege of
the writ which was authorized to be made. Now,
it is insisted that Congress, and not the Execu-
tive, is vested with this power. But the Consti-
tution itself is silent as to which or who is to ex-
ercise the power; and as the pi o vision was plainly
made for a dangeious emergency, it cannot be
believed the framers of the instrument intended
that in every case the danger should run its
course until Congress could be called together;
the very assembling of which might be prevented,
as was intended in this case, by'the rebellion.
No more extended argument is now offered, as
an opinion, at some length, will probably be pre-
sented by the Attorney General. Whether there
shall be any legislation upon the subject, and if
any, what, is submitted entirely to the better judg-
ment of Congress.
The forboaiance of this Government had been
so extraordinary, and so long continued, as to
lead some foreign nations to shape their action as
if they supposed the early destruction of our na-
tional Union was probable. While this, 011 dis-
covery, gave fhc Executive some concern, he is
now happy to say that the sovereignty and rights
of the united States are now everywhere practi-
cally respected by foreign Powers; and a genera!
sympathy with thecountry is manifested through-
out the world.
The reports of the Secretaries of the Treasury,
War, and the Navy, will give the information m
detail deemed necessary and convenient for your
deliberation and action; while the Executive and •
all the Departments will stand ready to supply
omissions, or to communicate new facts consid-
ered important for you to know.
It is now recommended that you give the legal
means for making this contest a short and a de-
cisive one; that you place at the control of "the
Government, for the work, at least four hundred
thousand men, and £400,1100,000. That number
of men is about one tenth of those of properages
within the regions where, appaiently, all are
willing to engage; and the sum is less than a
twenty-third part of the money value owned by
the men who seem ready to devote the whole. A
debt of $600,000,000 now, is a less sum per head
than was the debt of our Revolution when we
came out of that struggle; and the money value
in the country now bears even a greater propor-
tion to what it was then, than does the popula-
tion. Surely each man has as strong a motive
now to preserve our liberties, as each had then to
establish them.
A right result, at this time, will be worth more
to the world than ton times the men and ten times
the money. The evidence reaching 11s from the
country leaves no doubt that the material for the
work is abundant, and that it needs only the hand
of legislation to give it legal sanction, and the
hand of the executive to give it practical shape
and efficiency. One of the greatest perplexities
of the Government is to avoid receiving troops
faster than it can provide for them. In a word,
the people will save their Government if the Gov-
ernment itself will do its part only indifferently
well.
It might seem, at first thought, to be of little
difference whether the present movement at the
South be called "secession"or "rebellion." The
movers, however, well understand the difference.
At the beginning they knew they could never
raise their treason to any respectable magnitude
by any name which implies violation of law.
'I hey knew their people possessed as much of
moral sense, as much of devotion to law and or-
der, and as much pride in, and reverence for, ihe
history and Government of their common coun-
try, as any other civilized and patriotic people.
Ihey knew they could make no advancement
directly in the teeth of these strong and noble
sentiments. Accordingly they commenced byaii
insidious debauching of the public mind. They
invented an ingenious sophism, which, if con-
ceded, was followed by perfectly logical steps,
through all the incidents, to the complete desti ac-
tion of the Union. The sophism itself is, that
any State of the Union may, consistently with the
national Constitution, and therefore lawfully and
peacefully,^withdraw from the Union without the
consent of the Union or of any other State. The
little disguise that the supposed right is to be
exercised only for just cause, themselves to be
the sole judge of its justice, is too thin to merit
any notice.
With rebellion thus sugar-coated they have V
been drugging the public mind of their scction
for more than thirty years, and until at length
they have brought many good men to a willing-
ness to take up arms against the Government the
day after some assemblage of men have enacted
the farcical pretense of taking their State out of
the Union, who could have been brought to no
such thing the day before.
This sophism derives much, perhaps the whole,
of its currency from the assumption that there is
some omnipotent and sacred supremacy pertain-
ing to a State—to each State of our Fedetal Union.
Our States have neither more nor less power than
that reserved to them in the Union by the Con-
stitution—no one of them ever having been a State
