1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 "7 th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
out of the Union. The original ones passed into
the Union even before they cast off their British
colonial dependence; and the new ones each came
into the Union directly from a condition of de-
pendence, excepting Texas. And even Texas, in
its temporary independence, was never designated
a State. The new ones only took the designation
of States on coming into the Union, while that
name was first adopted for the old ones in and by
the Declaration of Independence. Therein the
'' United Colonies" were declared to be " free and
independent States;" but, even then, the object
plainly was not to declare their independence of
one another, or of the Union, but directly the con-
trary; os their mutual pledge, and their mutual
action, before,at the time, and afterwards, abund-
antly show. The express plighting of faith by
each and all of the original thirteen in the Articles
of Confederation, two years later, that the Union
shall be perpetual, is most conclusive. Having
never been States, either in substance or in name,
outside of the Union, whence this magical omnip-
otence of "State rights," asserting a claim of
power to lawfully destroy the Union itself? Much
is said about the "sovereignty " of the States; but
the word, even, is not in the national Constitu-
tion; nor, as is believed, in any of the State con-
stitutions. What is " sovereignty," in the polit-
ical sense of the term ? Would it be far wrong to
define it " a political community, without a po-
litical superior?" Tested by this, no one of our
States, except Texas, ever was a sovereignty.
And even Texas gave up the character on coming
into the Union; by which act she acknowledged
the Constitution of the United States and the laws
and treaties of the United States made in pursu-
ance of the Constitution to be, for her, the su-
preme law of the land. The States have their
status in the Union, and they have no other legal
status. If they break from this, they can only do
so against law and by revolution. The Union,
and not themselves separately, procured their in-
dependence and their liberty. By conquest, or
purchase, the Union gave each of them whatever
of independence and liberty it has. The Union
is older than any of the States, and, in fact, it
created them as States. Originally some depend-
ent colonics made the Union, and, in turn, the
Union threw off their old dependence for them,
and made them States, such as they are. Not one
of them ever had a State constitution independent
of the Union. Of course, it is not forgotten that
all the new States framed their constitutions before
they entered the Union; nevertheless, dependent
upon, and preparatory to, coming into the Union.
Unquestionably the States have the powers and
rights reserved to them in and by the national
Constitution; but among these, surely,are not in-
cluded all conceivable powers, however mischiev-
ous or destructive; but, at most, such only as were
known in the world, at the time, as governmental
powers; and certainly a power to destroy the
Government itself had never been known as a
governmental—asa merely administrative power.
This relative matter of national power and State
rights, as a principle, is no other than the princi-
ple of generality and locality. Whatever concerns
the whole should be confided to the whole—to
the General Government; while whatever con-
cerns only the State should be left exclusively to
the State. This is all there is of original principle
about it. Whether the national Constitution in
defining boundaries between the two has applied
the principle with exact accuracy, is not to be
questioned. We are all bound by that defining,
without question.
What is now combated, is the position that
secession is continent with the Constitution—is
lawful and peaceful. Itis not contended that there
is any express law for it; and nothing should ever
be implied as law which leads to unjust or absurd
consequences. The nation purchased with money
the countries out of which several of these States^
were formed; is it just that they shall go off
without leave and with out refunding? The nation
paid very large sums (in the aggregate, I believe,
nearly a hundred millions) to relieve Florida of
the aboriginal tribes: is it just that she shall now
be off without consent, or without making any
return? The nation is now in debt for money
applied to the benefit of these so-called seceding
States in common with the rest; is it just cither
that creditors shall go unpaid, or the remaining
States pay the whole ? A part of the present na-
tional debt was contracted to pay the old debts of
Texas: is it just that she shall leave and pay no
part of this herself?
Again: if one State may secede, so may an other;
and when all shall have seceded, none is left to
pay the debts. Is this quite just to creditors? Did
we notify them of this sage view of ours when
we borrowed their money? If we now recognize
this doctrine.by allowing the seceders to go in
peace, it is difficult to see what we can do if others
choose to go, or to extort terms upon winch they
will promise to remain.
The seceders insist that our Constitution ad-
mits of secession. They have assumed to make
a national constitution of their own, in which, of
necessity, they have either discarded or retained
the right of secession, as they insist it exists in
ours. If they have discarded it, they thereby
admit that, on principle, it ought not to be in
ours. If they have retained it, by their own con-
struction of ours they show that, to be consistent,
they must secede from one another whenever they
shall find it the easiest way of settling their debts,
or effecting any other selfish or unjust object. The
principle itself is one of disintegration, and upon
which no Government can possibly endure.
If all the States, save one, should assert the
power to drive that one out of the Union, it is
presumed the whole class of seceder politicians
would at once deny the power, and denounce the
act as the greatest outrage upon State rights. But
suppose that precisely the same act, instead of
being called "driving the one out," should be
called " the seceding of the others from that one:"
it would be exactly what the seceders claim to
do; unless, indeed, they make the point that the
one, because it is a minority, may rightfully do
what the others, because they are a majority, may
not rightfully do. These politicians are subtile
and profound on the rights of minorities. They
are not partial to tiiat power which made the Con-
stitution, and speaks from the preamble, calling
itself " We, the People."
It may well be questioned whether there is, to-
day, a majority of the legally-qualified voters of
any State, except perhaps South Carolina, in
favor of disunion. There is much reason to be-
lieve that the Union men are the majority in many,
if not in every other one, of the so-called seceded
States. The contrary has not been demonstrated
in any one of them. Itis ventured to affirm this
even of Virginia and Tennessee; for the result of
an election held in military camps, where the
bayonets are all on one side of the question voted
upon, can scarcely be considered as demonstrating
popular sentiment. At such an election, all that
large class who are at once for the Union, and
against coercion, would be coerced to vote against
the Union.
It may be affirmed, without extravagance, that
the free institutions we enjoy have developed the
powers and improved the condition of our whole
people, beyond any example in the world. Of
this we now have a striking and an impressive
illustration. So large an army as the Govern-
ment has now on foot was never before known
without a soldier in it but who had taken his
place there of his own free choice. But more than
this: there are many single regiments whose mem-
bers, one and another, possess full practical knowl-
edge of all the arts, sciences, professions, and
whatever else, whether useful or elegant, is known
in the world; and there is scarcely one fiom which
there could not be selected a President, a Cabinet,
aCongress,and perhaps a court,abundantly com-
petent to administer the Government itself! Nor
do I say this is not true also in the army of our
late friends, now adversaries,in this contest; but
if it is, so much better the reason why the
Government which has conferred such benefits
on both them and us should not be broken up.
Whoever, in any section, proposes to abandon
such a Government, would do well to consider,
in deference to what principle it is that he does it;
what better he is likely to got in its stead;
whether the substitute will give, or be intended to
give, so much of good to the people' There are
someforeshadowingsonthissubject. Ouradversa-
ries have adopted some declarations of independ-
ence, in which, unlike the good old one, penned by
Jefferson, they omit the words "all men are ere-"
ated equal." Why? They have adopted a tem-
porary national constitution, in the preamble of
which, unlike our good old one, signed by Wash-
ington, they omit" We, the People,"and substi-
tute "We, the deputies of the sovereign and in-
dependent States." Why? Why this deliberate
pressing out of view the rights of men and the
authority of the people?
This is essentially a people's contest. On the
side of the Union, itis a stiuggB for maintaining
in the world that form and substance of govern-
ment whose leading object is to elevate the con-
dition of men; to lift artificial weights from all
shoulders; to clear the paths of laudable pursuit
for all; to afford all an unfettered start ana a fairt
chance in the race of life. Yielding to partial and*
temporary departures, from necessity, this is the
leading object of the Government for whose ex-
istence we contend.
I am most happy to believe that the plain people
understand and appreciate this. It is worthy of
note, that while in this the Government's hour
of trial, large numbers of those in the Army and
Navy who have been favored with the offices
have resigned and proved false to the hand which
had pampered them, not one common soldier or
common sailor is known to have deserted his
flag.
Great honor is due to those officers who re-
mained true dospite the example of their treach-
erous associates; but the greatest honor, and most
important fact of all, is the unanimous firmness
of the common soldiers and common sailors.
To the last man, so far as known, they have suc-
cessfully resisted the traitorous efforts of those
whose commands, but an hour before, they obeyed
as absolute law. This is the patriotic instinct of
plain people. They understand, without an ar-
gument, that the destroying the Government
which was made by Washington means no good
to them.
Our popular Government has often been called
an experiment. Two points in it our people have
already settled—the successful establishing and the.
successful administering of it. One still remains
—its successful maintenance against a formidable
internal attempt to overthrow it. It is now for
them to demonstrate to the world that those who
can fairly carry an election can also suppress a
rebellion; that ballots are the rightful and peace-
ful successors of bullets; and that when ballots
have fairly and constitutionally decided, there can
be no succcssful appeal back to bullets; that there
can be no successful appeal except to ballots
themselves, at succeeding elections. Such will
be a great lesson of peace; teaching men that
what they cannot take by an election, neither
can they take by a war; teaching all the folly of
being the beginners of a war.
Lest there be some uneasiness in the minds of
candid men as to what is to be the course of the
Government towards the southern States afler the
rebellion shall have been suppressed, the Execu-
tive deems it proper to say, it will be his purpose
then, as ever, to be guided by the Constitution and
the laws; and that he probably will have no dif-
ferent understanding of the powers and duties of
the Federal Government relatively to the rights
of the States and the people, under the Constitu-
tion than that expressed m the inaugural address.
He desires to preserve the Government, that it
may be administered for all, as it was adminis-
tered by the men who made It. Loyal citizens
eveiy where have the right to claim this of their
Government, and the Government has no right to
withhold or neglect it. Itis not perceived that, in
giving it, there is any coercion, any conquest, or
any subjugation, in any just sense of those terms.
The Constitution provides, and all the States
have accepted the provision, that " the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of Government." But if a
State may lawfully go out of the Union, having
done so, it may also discard the republican form
of Government; so that to prevent its going out
is an indispensable means to the end of maintain-
ing the guarantee mentioned; and when an end is
lawful and obligatory, the indispensable means
to it are also lawful and obligatory.
It was with the deepest regret that the Execu-
tive found the duty of employing the war power
