1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
37th Cong....1st
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
was framed, indeed, with reference to a very dif-
ferent condition of affairs. The receipts for the
last quarter of the fiscal year, just closed, were
only §5,527,246 33; and, though a very consider-
able improvement in the revenue may be confi-
dently anticipated during the current fiscal year,
should no change be made in the rates of duties,
it will be inadequate, beyond doubt, to thedemands
of the Treasury, which should be provided for
without resort to loans.
These demands, as has been already stated,
will roach the sum of $79,887,849 34—a sum not
greater, perhaps, than maybe reasonably expected
in more prosperous years from a well-adjusted
tariff of duties, with the aid of the revenue from
lands and from miscellaneous sources, though
greater than can now be expected from any tariff.
The disorders of business incident to the dis-
turbed condition of political affairs will be gradu-
ally redressed as new channels open to receive the
tra'de obstructed in former courses, and new em-
ployments engage the industry displaced from
former pursuits. With this revival of trade and
industry the revenue will improve, even though
the restoration of peace may be delayed beyond
our present hope.
It is hardly to be doubted,'moreover, that the
great body of the citizens of the States, now in-
volved ill the calamities of insurrection, will ere
long become satisfied that order and peace, and
. security for all rights of property, and for all per-
sonal and political rights in the Union and under
the Constitution, are preferable to the disorder
and conflict and insecurity necessaiily incident to
attempts to subvert government, break up insti-
tutions, and to destroy nationality by force and
violence. When, under the influence of this rea-
sonable conviction, the people of the several States,
now constrained by the criminal folly of political
partisans into civil war against the Union, shall
jti their turn constrain these partisans to loyalty
to law and obedience to the Constitution, it is not
unreasonable to expect that with restored union
will come, not merely renewed prosperity, but
prosperity repewed in a degree and measure with-
out parallel in the pastexperience of our country
While recommending the changes in the exist-
ing tariff and the other revenue measures which
seem to him necessary, the Secretary indulges,
therefore, a confident expectation that they will
ultimately prove wholly adequate to all reasona-
ble demands for ordinary expenditures, for pay-
ment of interest, and for reductioiirof debt; and
that they will, moreover, by establishing national
credit on sure foundations, contribute in no in-
considerable degree to that revival %of trade and
industry which, by its healthful reaction, will, in
turn, essentially promote the increase.and secu-
rity of the revenue.
The sources of the revenue most promptly to
be made available must be sought doubtless ill the
articles now exempt from duty or but lightly
taxed. Nearly all these articles have heretofore
contributed in full measure tothe national income.
It was only when the debts contracted in former
wars for the establishment of our national in-
dependence, or the vindication of our national
rights, had been fully paid, and the revenue had
increased largely beyond any legitimate uses of
the Government, that it was thought proper to re-
move the duties on some of them and largely
reduce the duties on others. That intelligent pa-
triotism which cheerfully sustained the former
charges will even more cheerfully .sustain those
made necessary now for the preservation of our
national Union and the maintenance of the sov-
ereignty of the people.
Of the articles now lightly taxed, sugar, and of
those wholly exempt from duty, tea and coffee,
are the most important. The Secretary must le-
spectfully proposes to (Jongress that a duty of two
ami a half cents per pound be laid on brown sugar;
of three cents per pound on clayed sugar; of four
cents per pound on loaf and other refined sugar;
of two and one half cents per pound on sirup of
sugar-cane; of six cents per pound on candy; of
six cents per gallon on molasses; and of four cents
per gallon on sour molasses; and it is also pro-
posed that a duty of five cents per pound be im-
posed on coffee, fifteen cents per pound on black
tea, and twenty cents per pound on green tea.
From these duties it is estimated that an addi-
tional revenue of not less than $30,000,000 annually
may be raised; while tho burden of this revenue
upon our own people will be to some considerable
degree mitigated by participation on the part of
the foreign producers.
Without going here into other details of less
importance, the Secretary thinks it proper to add,
in general, that from proposed duties on articles
now exempt, and from changed duties on articles
now either lightly burdened or so heavily taxed
that the tax amounts to a prohibition, a further
increase of revenue to the amount of §7,000,000
may be anticipated; and that the improving con-
dition of trade and industry warrant a just expect-
ation that the revenue from the duties of the
present tariff, not affected by the proposed changes,
will not fall short of $30,000,000. He estimates,
therefore, the total revenue from imports during
the present year at §57,000,001), to which may
be added tho sum of $3,000,000 to bo derived
from sales of public lands and miscellaneous
sources, making the total revenue for the year
$60,000,000. • \
^ While, therefore, there is every reason to be-'
lieve that under a modified tariff, when the pros-
perity of the countiy shall be fully restored, an
annual revenue of not less than $80,000,000, and
probably more, may be realized, it will be ne-
cessary, in order to sustain fully the public credit,
to provide for raising the sum of §20,000,000
for the current year at least, by direct taxes,^or
from internal duties or excises, or from both. The
Constitution requires that the former be appor-
tioned among the States, in the ratio of Federal
population; the latter need only be uniform
throughout the United States. Taxes on real
estate, and perhaps general taxes on personal
property, must therefore be apportioned. 'Iaxes,
on distilled liquors, on banlc notes, on carriages,
and similar descriptions of property, must not be
higher in one State than taxes on the same arti-
cles in another State.
The Secretary submits to the superior wisdom
of Congress the determination of the question
whether resort shall be made to direct taxes or to
internal duties, or to both, for the supply of the
probable deficiency of that portion of the public
resources, which, upon the principles already
explained, must be furnished by taxation.
The value of the real and personal property of
the people of the United States, according to the
census of 1860, is §16,102,924,116, or, omitting
fractions, $16,000,000,000. The vrilue of the real
property is estimated at $11,272,053,881, and the
value of the personal properly is estimated at
§4,830,880,235. The proportion of the proper-
ty of both descriptions in the United States, ex-
cluding those at present under insurrection, is
$10,900,758,009, of which sum $7,630,530,605
represents, according to the best estimates, the
value of the real, and $3,207,227,404 the value of
the personal property. A rate of one eighth of
one per cent, ad valorem on the whole real and
personal property of the country would produce
a sum of $20,128,667; a rate of one fifth of one
per cent, on the real and personal property of the
States not under insurrection, would produce the
sum of $21,808,516; and a rate of three tenths of
one per cent, on the real property alone, in these
States, would produce $22,891,590; either sum
being largely in excess of tlie amount required.
In some of the States the revenue for all pur-
poses of State, county, and municipal expendi-
ture is raised in "this manner;and the assessments
of real and personal property levied on valuations
made under State authority form a certain and
convenient method of collection. If such valua-
tions existed in all the States it would not be
difficult, through the assumption and payment by
the several States of their several proportions of
the tax, or through the cooperation of the State
authorities in its collection, or through Federal
agencies created for tho purpose, but using the
s"ate valuations to assess and collect the levy for
national purposes. .
It is the absence of such valuations m some ot
tho States, and the uncertainty of effective co-
operation in all, which make the employment of
ail extensive and complicated Federal machinery
for the collection of direct taxes necessary, and
supply the basis of the most serious objections
against the mode of levying internal revenue.
It has been objected, and not without apparent
reason, to a resort to direct taxes at this time, that,
in consequence of the disturbed condition of the
country, the apportionment required by the Con-
stitution cannot be made. The Secretary, how-
ever, adopts the opinion, that the constitutional
requirement will be satisfied if Congress, in the act
levying the tax, shall apportion it among the
several States in the required Manner. The tax
cannot become unconstitutional, because it may
be difficult., or even temporarily impossible, to
collect itasapportioned. If it were otherwise, the
objection would be fatal to internal duties as well
as to direct taxes; for in the present condition of
the country itis impossible, whatever uniformity
may be observed in the law imposing such duties,
to make them uniform in the collection.
Internal duties may be collected more cheaply
than direct taxes, by fewer agents, with less in-
terference with the finances of the States. _ They
may also be made to bear mainly upon articles of
luxury, and thus diminish, to a certain extent,
the burden imposed by duties on imports upon
the classes of the people least able to bear them.
It lias been already shown that a light direct
tax, from which, the Secretary ventures to sug-
gest, very small properties may be properly and
advantageously exempted, will produce tho sum
needed forrevenue. In the judgment of the Secre-
tary the needed sum may also be obtained from
moderate charges on stills and distilled liquors,
on ale and beer, on tobacco, on bank notes, on
spring carriages, on silver ware and jewelry,and on
legacies. If both sources of revenue be resorted to
to the extent suggested, the amount required from
loans will be proportionally diminished, and the
basis of the public credit proportionally enlarged
and strengthened.
Whether both these modes of .taxation be re-
sorted to under present emergencies, or only one
of them, the Secretary will but illy perform lm
duty to Congress or the people if he omits to urge
the great importance—the absolute necessity, in-
deed—of such full provision of annual revenue as
will manifest to the world a fixed purpose to
maintain inviolate the public faith by the strictest
fidelity to all public engagements.
It will not, perhaps, be thought out of place if
the Secretary suggests here that the property of
those engaged in'insurrection or in giving aid and
comfort "to insurgents may properly be made to
contribute to the expenditures made necessary by
their criminal misconductas apart of the punish-
ment due to the guilt of involving the nation in
the calamities of civil war, and thereby bringing
distress upon so many innocent citizens. Con-
gress may justly provide for the forfeiture of the
whole or part of the estates of offenders and for
the payment of the proceeds into the publicTreas-
ury.
Before dismissing the subject of the proper pro-
vision for ordinary expenditures, including inter-
est on public debt and a proper amount for a
sinking fund, the Secretary respectfully asks the
consideration of Congress for the question,
whether the current disbursements of Government
may not be themselves diminished ? He ventures
to suggest that a considerable saving may be judi-
ciously effected by a reduction, for the time ftt
least, often per centum upon salaries and wages
paid by the Federal Government, in cases where
such reduction will not interfere with existing
contracts; and that a further saving, perhaps not
less considerable, may be effected by the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege and the reduction
of postal expenses. Retrenchment in other direc-
tions will doubtless suggest itself to the reflection
of Congress; and it is most respectfully recom-
mended that every retrenchment compatible with
the vigor and efficiency of the public service be
promptly and effectively made.
The Secretary has already said that on the sup-
position that $80,000,000 may be raised by tax-
ation in themodes proposed, or derived from sales
of public lands and miscellaneous sources, it will
still be necessary, in order to meet the extraor-
dinary demands of the present crisis, to raise the
sum of $240,000,000 by loans.
A comparison of the acts by which loans nave
