APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 4,
37th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
been already authorized, and of the loans actu-
ally made, will show what resources of this de-
scription are available under existing laws.
The act of June 22, 1860, authorized the bor-
rowing of 121,000,000 at an interest notabove six
per cent. Under this authority, Mr. Secretary
Cobb, in October, 1860, negotiated a loan of
810,000,000; but, from causes not necessary to be
here specified, the takers of $2,978,000 failed to
make £0od their offers. The amount realized
was therefore only #7,022,000; leaving for future
negotiation, under the act,the sum of #13,978,000.
The act of the 8th of February, 1861, author-
ized another loan of #25,000,000, on bonds at six
per cent., and permitted the acceptance of the best
bids, whether above or below par. Under this
act, in February, 1861, Mr. Secretary Dix dis-
posed of bonds to the amount of $8,006,000, at
rates varying Trom 90.15 to 96.10 for each #100,
and realizing the sum of $7,243,500 35, leaving to
be negotiated the sum of #16,994,000.
The actof March 2, 1861,commonly called the
tariff act, authorized another loan of #10,000,000,
at on interest not exceeding six per cent., and also
authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
Treasury notes in exchange for coin or payment
of debts for the amount of any bids not accepted
under the act of February 3, 1861, and for the
amount of any loans restricted to par not taken
under proposals authorized by theactof January,
1860, or by the tariff act itself.
Under the acts of February and March, 1861,
the present Secretary in April, 1861, disposed of
#3,099,000in bonds, at rates varying from ninety-
four per cent, to par, and #4,901,000 in Treasury
notes, at and above par, realizing for the #8,000,000
offered the sum of #6,814,809 80 to the Treasury;
and in May, 18G1, lie further disposed of #7,310,000
in bonds, at rates varying from eighty-five to
ninety-three per cent., #1,684,000 in Treasury
notes at par, realizing for the #8,994,000 otfered
the sum of #7,922,553 45.
The present Secretary also invited proposals,
at par, for #13,978,000, being the balance of the
loan authorized by the act of June, 1860. No
bids wore received, except three lor #12,000 in
the aggregate, which, having been made under
misapprehension, were permitted to be withdrawn
or applied as offers for Treasury notes at par, or
for bonds under the act of February, 1861, at
eighty-five per cent. The Secretary has since,
under the authority of the act of March, 1861,
issued Treasury notes to oll'eiers at par, and in
payment to public creditois, to the amount of
#2,584,550.
The only authority now existing for obtaining
money by loans is, therefore, found in the actof
March 2, J861, which authorizes the issuing of
bonds bearing an interest of six per cent.; or, in
default of offers at par, the issue or payment of
Treasury notes, bearing the same rate of interest,
at par, to the amount of #10,000,000. And in
the act of June 22, 1860, as modified by the act
of March 2, 1861, under which Treasury notes
at six per cent, may be issued or paid to creditors
at par, to the amount of #11,393,450; making an
aggregate of loans authorized in some form of
$21,393,450. This authority, under existing cir-
cumstances, is no further available than as cred-
itors may desire to accept payment in Treasury
notes at six percent.; which is not to be expected,
except perhaps as an alternative to delays, of
which a just or prudent Government will not,
unless under extreme necessity, permit the occur-
rence.
It needs no argument to work the conviction
that, under the existing laws, little or nothing of
the required sum can be realized. The magni-
tude of the occasion requires other measures.
As the contest in which the Government is now
engaged is a contest for national existence and the
sovereignty of the people, it is eminently proper
that the appeal for the means of prosecuting it
with energy to a speedy and successful issue,-
should be made, in the first instance at least, to the
people themselves. And it is highly desirable, in
order that the circle of contribution may be widely
extended, to make the burden press as lightly as
practicable upon each individual contributor,and,
if possible, to transmute the burden into a ben-
efit.
To attain these desirable objects the Secretary
submits to Congress the expediency of opening
subscriptions for a national loan of not less than
#100,000,000, to be issued ill the form of Tieasury
notes, or exchequer bills, bearing a yearly inter-
est of seven and three tenths per centum, to be paid
half yearly, and redeemable at the pleasure of the
United States after three years from date.
The sum of #100,000,000 is named as the
amount for which it now seems expedient to rely
on a subscription of this kind; but it is not in-
tended to restrict loans in this form to any pre-
cise limit short of the entire sum which may be
required, in addition to the sums to be realized
from other sources, for all the purposes of the
y ear.
The interest of seven and three tenths is sug-
gested because it is liberal to the subscriber, con-
venient for calculation, and, under existing cir-
cumstances, a fair rate for the Government.
It is beneficial to the whole people that a loan
distributed among themselves should bo made so
advantageous to the takers as to inspire satisfac-
tion and lippes of profit rather than annoyance
and fears of loss; and if the rate of interest pro-
posed be somewhat higher than that allowed in
ordinary times, it will not be grudged to the sub-
scribers when it is remembered that the interest
on the loan will go into the channels of homo cir-
culation, and is to reward those who come for-
ward in the hour of peril to place their means at
the disposal of their country.
The convenience of calculation incident to the
rate proposed is quite obvious; for, the interest
being equal to one cent a day on fifty dollars, it
is only necessary to know the number of days
since the date of a note or of the last payment of
interest to determine, at a glance, the amount due
upon it. To increase still further this facility of
calculation, it is proposed also to issue the Treas-
ury notes of this loan in sums of fifty, one hun-
dred, five hundred, one thousand, and five thou-
sand dollars, with the amount of interest for
specified periods engraved on the back of each
note. The facility thus secured to the holder of
determining the exact amount of the note and in-
terest, without any trouble of computation, will
materially enluuictkits value for all purposes of in> 
vestment and payment. /
While the rate proposed is thus liberal and
vcment,, the Secretary regards it also as, und^r
existing circumstances, fair and equitable to tlip
Government. The bonds of the United States*
bearing an interest of six per cent., and redeem-'
able twenty years after date, cannot be disposed
of at current market rates, so that the interest on
the amount realized will not exceed seven and
three tenths per cent.; nor is there any reason to
believe thatTreasury notes, bearing an interest of
six per cent., receivable for public dues and con-
vertible into twenty ycais' six per cent, bonds,
can be disposed of m any large amounts, so that
the interest of the sum realized will fall much, if
at all, short of the rate proposed. For the differ-
ence of interest, if tiny, between such notes and
those of the proposed national loan, the Secietaiy
thinks that the absence of the feature of receiva-
bility for public dues in the latter is a sufficient
compensation. .
To secure the widest possible circle of contri-
bution, the Secretary proposes, in addition to the
inducements just mentioned, that books be opened
at the office of the Treasury of the United States
in Washington, at the offices of the assistant treas-
urers and depositaries ot public moneys, and at
the offices of such postmasters and other selected
persons in such cities and towns of the Union as
may be designated; that subscriptions be received
for fifty dollars, or any sum being the multiple
of fifty dollars; that the sums subscribed be paid
in cash, or, if the subscriber prefer, in install-
ments of one tenth at the time ot subscription and
one tenth on the 1st and loth days of each month
thereafter, the first installment to be forfeited in
ease of non-payment of subsequent installments;
that interest accrue, and be paid as it becomes due,
on all sums paid in from the day of payment; and
that Treasury notes be issued, if required, for all
payments cxeept first installments, and for these
on final payment.
The Secretary cannot doubt that for a loan so
beneficial and so advantageous, secured, both as
to interest and principal, by adequate provisions
of revenue, an appeal to the people will be an-
swered with promptitude and liberality.
In addition to the sums to be raised by national
loan, the Secretary proposes, in case it shall be
found inexpedient to provide the whole amount
needed in that mode, that bonds or certificates ol
debt of the United States be issued to lenders m
this country, or in any foreign country, at rates
not lower than par, for sums of five hundred, one
thousand, and five thousand dollars, or of one
hundred, five hundred, and one thousand pounds
sterling, not exceeding in the aggregate one hun-
dred million dollars, or, if expressed in the cur-
rency of Great Britain, not exceeding twenty
million pounds sterling. He proposes further
that these bonds or certificates be made redeemable
at the pleasure of the Government after a period
not exceeding thirty years after a common date,
not later than the 1st day of January, 1862, ind
bear an interest not exceeding seven per cent ,
payable in London orat the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, with exchange at such rate as will
make the payment equivalent to the payment in
London.
If the ample prevision already recommended
for the punctual payment of interest and final re-
demption of the principal be made by Congress,
the Secretary entertains a very confident expect-
ation that it will be found practicable to negotiate
a very considerable part of this loan, if not the
whole, in our own country, at favorable rates;
and that whatever part, if any, may be wanted
from capitalists in other countries, will be readily
obtained.
For whatever sums may be needed to supply
the full amount required for the service of the
fiscal year, and as an auxiliary measure to those
already proposed, the Secretary recommends that
provision be made for the issue of Treasury notes
for ten or twenty dollars each, payable one year
after date, to an amount not exceeding in the ag-
gregate #50,000,000. These notes should bear
interest at the rate of three and sixty-five hun-
dredths per cent., and be exchangeable, at the will
of the holder, for Treasury notes or exchequer
bills, payable after three years, bearing seven and V
three tenths per cent, interest; or, should it be ^
found more convenient, they may be made re- ;
deemablc on demand in coin, and issued without J
interest. In either form, Treasury notes of these '
smaller denominations may prove very useful, if ;
prudently used in anticipation of revenue certain
to be received. . .
'•x.The greatest care will, however, be requisite to
prevent the degradation of such issues into an
irredeemable paper currency, than which no more
certainly fatal expedient for impoverishing the
musses and discrediting the Government ot any
country can well be devised.
In connection with the general subject of rev-
enue, the Secretary thinks it his duty to invite
the attention of Congress to the condition of for-
eign commerce, and of the commerce between the
States as affected by the existing insurrection.
At the ports of several States of the Union the
collection of lawful duties on imports has been
forcibly obstructed and prevented for several
months. This condition of affairs, and the ad-
mission of foreign merchandise into those^ports
without payment of duties to the United btates,
have given opportunity to many frauds on the
revenue, and must necessarily occasion great and
harmful disturbance of the regular commerce ol
the country. .
It is the province of Congress to apply the
proper remediesfor these evils, and the Secretary
be°-s leave to suggest that proper remedies may be
found in closing'the ports where the collection of
duties is so disturbed, or by providing for such
collection on ship-board, or elsewhere beyond the
reach of such obstructions. Every independent
nation exercises the right of determining what
ports within its territorial limits shall be and what
ports shall not be open to foreign commerce; and
nothing can be clearer, where one or more poits
may be temporarily in the possession of insurgents
against the Government, than that suitable icgu-
lations may be prescribed by the proper author-
ity to guard the revenue against diminution by
