APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 4,
37th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. oi? Reps.
and passed, after some little delay, over the ob-
structions that had been sunk in the channel to
prevent her removal.
This unfortunate calamity at Norfolk not only
deprived the Government of several vessels, but
of a large amount of ordnance and stores which
had there accumulated. In preventing the ship-
ping and property from passing into the hands
of the insurgents, who had gathered in consider-
able force in that vicinity under General Tallia-
ferro, Commodore Paulding, the officers, and those
under them, performed their duty, and carricd
out, so far as was in their power, the wishes
of the Government and the instructions of the
Department.
EXTRAORDINARY MEASURES.
The demonstration at Norfolk was but one of
a series of measures that occurred at that juncture.
Simultaneously with it, Baltimore appeared in
insurrection, and by force and violence destroyed
the railroad communication and cut off mail and
telegraphic facilities between the scat of Govern-
ment and the States north. In this crisis it be-
came necessary to act with promptness and vigor.
There could be neither hesitation nor delay when
the Government and the country were imperiled,
and the Department took measures accordingly.
Believing that the emergency not only justi-
fied, but absolutely required that all the public
armed vessels should be forthwith completed and
equipped for service, orders were given to that
effect; and,in addition thereto, the commandants
of the navy-yards in Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia were directed to purchase or charter,
arm, equip, and man steamers which, upon ex-
amination, might be found fit, or easily converti-
ble into armed vessels suitable for the public ser-
vice, in order to support the Government and
enforce the laws.
To carry into effect the proclamations whereby
communication with the ports of the insurgent
States was interdicted, and an embargo or block-
ade declared, it became necessary to concentrate
almost all the naval force of the country upon the
Atlantic coast, at and south of the Chesapeake
bay anj in the Gulf of Mexico. This extensive
line of sea-board, embracing an extent of neaily
three thousand miles, with its numerous harbors
and inlets, was deemed too extensive for a single
command, and the naval force to carry into effect
the proclamation and execute the laws has con-
sequently been arranged into two squadrons. The
command of the first"of them, the Atlantic squad-
ron, has been confided to Flag-Officer Silas H.
Stringliam, and the second, or Gulf squadron, is
under command of Flag-Officer William Mervine.
Before either of the.se gentlemen could appear
on the station assigned him, Flag-Officer Pender-
grast, in command of the Home squadron, estab-
Jtshed non-intercourse, and gave notice to for-
eigners of an embargo or effective blockade, at
Hampton Roads, on the 30th of April. It is due
to this officer to say that he has rendered essential
and active service not only before but after the
arrival of his senior on that station.
Flag-OfficerStringham reached Hampton Roads
with the Minnesota, his flag-ship, on the 13tb of
May, and entered upon his duties with such force
as the Department, in so brief a period, was able
to place at bis disposal; and illegal commerce by
the insurgents, in disregard of national laws, is
almost entirely suppressed.
The Niagara, which arrived at Boston from
Japan on the24thof April, was immediately dis-
patched to New Yoik for necessary repairs, be-
fore proceeding offChai-leston lmrbor, whither her
energetic commander was directed and promptly
repaired, to prevent illegal commerce from that
port. In the mean time, information reached the
Department of large shipments of arms and muni-
tions of war in Europe, destined for New Orleans
and Mobile. Believing it of primary importance
that this shipment should, if possible, be inter-
cepted and its landing prevented, Captain McKean
was directed to proceed to the Gulf for that pur-
posc;andtheHarrietLanowasordcrcd to Charles-
ton to take the place of the Niagara before that
port.
Flag-Officer Mervine left Boston in the Missis-
sippi ill advance of his flag-ship the Colorado,
and arrived in the Gulf on the 8th of June. Pre-
vious to his arrival an embargo or blockade of
the Mississippi river and some of the principal
ports on the Gulf had been commenced, and has
been since vigorously maintained and enforced.
As the Constitution declares that " no prefer-
ence shall be given by any regulation of commerce
or revenue to the ports of one State over another;"
and also that " no State shall, without the consent
of the Congress, lay any imposts or duties on
imports or exports, except what may be abso-
lutely necessary for its inspection laws; and the
net produce of all duties and imposts shall be for
the use of the Treasury of the United States;" and
as in several of the States the insurgents had, in
utter disregard and violation of these express pro-
visions of the Constitution and laws, assumed to
give a preference by unauthorized regulations of
commerce or revenue to the ports of certain States
over the ports of other States, and had assumed,
without consent of the Congress, to lay imposts
or duties on imports and exports; and that, too,
not for the use of the Treasury of the United
States, but to deprive it of revenue, it became a
duty of paramount necessity, acting under the
express authority of the act of 1807, authorizing
the use of the Navy in " causing the laws to be
executed," to suppress, by an armed naval force
before the principal ports, these illegal and uncon-
stitutional proceedings; to assert the supremacy
of the Federal laws, and to prevent any prefer-
ence, by commercial regulation, to the ports of
any of the States.
In carrying into effect these principles, and in
suppressing the attempts to evade and resist them,
and in order to maintain the Constitution and ex-
ecute the laws, it became necessary to interdict
commerce at those ports where duties could not
be collected, the laws maintained and executed,
and where the officers of the Government were
not tolerated or permitted to exercise their func-
tions. In performing this domestic municipal
duty, the property and interests of foreigners be-
came to 'some extent involved in our home ques-
tions, and, with a view of extending to them every
comity that the circumstances would justify, the
rules of blockade were adopted, and, as far as
practicable, made applicable to the oases that oc-
curred under this embaigo or non-intercourse of
the insurgent States. The commanders of the
squadrons were directed to permit the vessels of
foreigners to depart within fifteen days, as in
c?ses of actual effective blockade, and their ves-
sels were not to be seized unless they attempted,
after having been once warned off, to enter an
interdicted port in disregard of such warning.
The questions presented under this extraordi-
nary conjunctuic of affairs were novel, and, not
having been in all their extent anticipated by our
laws, some further penal legislation, especially in
relation to the law of forfeiture, may be needed to
meet the exigency, and lender the Government
more effective.
STEAM GUNBOATS AND SLOOPS.
The necessity of an augmentation of our Navy,
in order to meet the crisis, aid in suppressing in-
surrection, and assist in causing the laws to be
executed at all the ports, was immediately felt,
and a class of vessels different in some respects
from any that were in the service, to act as sen-
tinels on the coast, was required. On the spur of
the moment transport steamers were secured; but,
though made capable of sustaining a small arma-
ment, they were not such vessels as would per-
form continuous duty off the harbors in all weath-
ers. They will, it is believed, answer a temporary
purpose for the summer months, but a stronger
and different description of vessel is necessary for
the autumn and winter. The Department, besides
purchasing, has, therefore, contracted for the
building of twenty-three gunboats, each of about
five hundred tons burden; and has made prelim-
inary arrangements for seveial larger and fleeter
vessels, which shall not only aid in preventing
illegal commerce, but be made particularly ser-
viceable m suppressing depredations on that which
is legal. Both of these classes are of sizes inferior
to the sloops-of-war ordered by the last Congress.
The Department, in carrying the order of the
last session into effect, directed the construction
of two vessels at each of the four yards, making
eight instead of seven to be built. In consequence
of the great activity and heavy demands at all the
yards to equip and prepare every available vessel
for service, the construction of these sloops has
been retardejl, but is now being prosecuted with
vigor, and we may expect they will be completed
at the earliest possible period.
The authority for these purchases and contracts
is to be found in.the necessities and condition of
the country and the times. The action of the
Department may require the sanction of Congress
to give it validity. If it shall be asserted that an
error has been committed in thus providing for
the wants of the service and of the Government,
a much greater error would have been committed,
it is believed, in the omission to have made such
provision under the existing necessities.
VESSEI.S IN SERVICE.
Of the 69 vessels, carrying 1,346 guns., herein-
before mentioned as available for service on the
4th of March last, the sloop Levant has been given
up as lost in the Pacific; the steamer Fulton was
seized at Pensacola; and one frigate, two sloops,
and one brig were burnt at Norfolk. These ves-
sels carried 172 guns; the other vessels destroyed
at Norfolk were considered worthless, and are not
included in the list of available vessels.
These losses left at the disposal of the Depart-
ment 62 vessels, carrying 1,174 guns, all of which
are now, or soon will be,in commission, with the
exception of the—
Vermont, (bliip-of-the-Unc) 84
Brandywine, (frigate) 50
Decatur, (sloop,) at San Francisco 16
John Hancock, (steam tender,) at San Franciaco 3
•There have been recently added to the Navy, by
purchase, 12 steamers, carrying from 2 to 9 guns
each, and 3 sailing vessels. There have been
chaitcicd 9 steamers, carrying from 2 to 9 guns
each. By these additions the naval force in com-
mission has been increased to 82 vessels, carrying
upwards of 1,100 guns, and with a complement
of about 13,000 men, exclusive of officers and
marines. There are also several steamboats and
other small craft which are temporarily in the
service of the Department.
Purchases of sailing ships have been made for
transporting coals to the steamers that are per-
forming duty as sentinels before the principal
harbors. It would be inexpedient, and attended
with much loss of time, as well as great addi-
tional expense, to compel the steamers, when
short of fuel, to leave their stations and proceed
to the nearest depot, distant in most cases several
hundred miles, to obtain a supply. In the ab-
sence of any proper or suitable stations or build-
ings for storing eoals,hulks have been provided,
to be anchored at some convenient place for the
use of the squadron.
The squadron on the Atlantic coast, under the
command of Flag-Officer S. H. Stringliam, con-
sists of 22 vessels, 29G guns, and 3,300 men.
The squadron in the Gulf, under the command
of Flag-Officer William Mervine, consists of 21
vessels, 282 guns, and 3,500 men.
Additions have been made to each of the squad-
rons, of two or three small vessels that have been
captured and taken into the service. The steam-
ers Pawnee and Pocahontas,and the flotilla under
the late Commander Ward, with several steam-
boats in charge of naval officers, have been cm-
ployed on the Potomac iiver, to prevent"commu-
nication with that portion of Virginia which is in
insurrection. Greatservice has been renderedby
this armed force, which has been vigilant in inter-
cepting supplies, and in protecting transports and
supply-vessels in their passage up and down the
Potomac.
The flotilla on the 27th ultimo met with a seri-
ous and sad loss in the deatli of its gallant com-
mander, James H. Ward, who died at his post,
while covering the retreat of his men from the as-
sault of an overpowering rmmber of rebel ene-
mies. In the death o,f Commander Ward the
Navy lias lost a brave officer, who has enriched
it by military and scientific contributions, served
it faithfully in varied spheres, and promised much
for it in the future.
The squadron in the Pacific, under the com-
mand of Flag-Officer John B. Montgomery, con-
sists of 6 vessels, 82guns, and 1,000 men.
The West India squadron is under the com-
mand of Flag-Officer G. J. Pendergrast, who has
