1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong.... 1st Se
Beport of the Secretary of llt£ Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
been temporarily on duty, with his flag-ship, the
Cumberland, at Norfolk and Hampton Roads,
since the 23d of March. He will, at an early day,
transfer his flag to the steam frigate Roanoke, and
proceed southward, having in charge our interests
on the Mexican and Central American coasts, and
in the West India Islands.
The East India, Mediterranean, Brazil, and
African squadrons, excepting one vessel of each
of the two latter, have been recalled.
The return of these vessels will add to the force
for service in the Gulf and on the Atlantic coast
about 200 guns and 2,500 men.
RESIGNATION ANJ> DISMISSAL OP OFFICERS.
Since the 4th of March, two hundred and fifty-
nine ofKcer.s of the Navy have resigned their com-
missions or been dismissed from the service. This
diminution of officers, at a time when the force
was greatly enlarged, and when the whole naval
armament of the country was put in requisition,
lias compelled the Department to send many of
our public vessels to sea without a full complement
of officers. To some extent this deficiency has
been supplied by gentlemen formerly connected
\yith the Navy, who had retired to civil pursuits
in peaceable times, but who, in the spirit of true
patriotism, came promptly forward in the hour of
their country's peril and made voluntary tender
of their services to sustain the flag and the coun-
try. The Department gladly availed itself of the
tender thus patriotically made, and received these
gentlemen into the service m the capacity of act-
ing lieutenants. The alacrity with which they
presented themselves for duty in any position the
' Government might assign them, when others who
had been the trusted and honored recipients of
Government favors were deserting the standard,
was no less honorable to them than to the profes-
sion which they adorned and the country which
they loved.
ENLISTMENT OF SEAMEN.
The authorized increase of enlistment and the
immediate establishment of naval rendezvous at
all the principal sea-ports, with an abbreviation of
the term of enlistment, enabled the Department to
recruit a sufficient number of seamen to man the
vessels added to the service with almost as much
rapidity as they could be prepared, armed, and
equipped. Only one or two ships have experi-
enced any detention for want of a crew, and none
beyond two or three days. At no period of our
history has the naval force had so great and rapid
an increase, and never have our seamen come
forward with more alacrity and zeal to serve the
country.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY.
The Naval School and public property at An-
napolis attracted the attention of the disloyal and
disaffected, about the period when the conspiracy
culminated. Some demonstrations were made to-
wards seizing the property, and also the frigate
Constitution, which had been placed at Annapolis
in connection with the school, for the benefit of
the youths who were being educated for the pub-
lic service. Prompt measures rescued the frigate
and Government property from desecration and
plunder; and the young men, under the superin-
tendence and guidance of Captain Blake, contrib-
uted in no small degree to the result. As it was
impossible, in the then existing condition of affairs
in Annapolis and in Maryland, to continue the
school at that point, and as the valuable public
property was in jeopardy, it became necessary
to remove the institution elsewhere. Newport,
Rhode Island, presented many advantages, and
the War Department tendered Fort Adams for the
temporary occupation of the students, which was
at once accepted; and the school, with the frigate
and other public property, was removed thither.
Although the numbers at the school are reduced
by the resignation of nearly every student fiom
tlie insurrectionary region, and a call of the elder
classes to active professional duty, the younger
classes that remain form a nucleus to reestablish
and give vitality to the institution.
Some legislation will ho necessary, not only in
relation to what has been done, but with a view
to the future continued success of the school, which
has already accomplished so much towards the
efficiency and elevation of the Navy. By the ex-
isting law the appointment of students can be
made only upon the recommendation of the mem-
ber of Congress from the district in which the
applicant resides; and in case he omits to make
selection of a suitable person, there is no way pro-
vided to fill the vacancy. In consequence of this
regulation the school has not its authorized num-
ber, for nearly one third of the districts neglect
or refuse to be represented at the Academy, and
there is no legal way of supplying this deficiency
from other districts, although the applications are
numerous.
Congress must provide for this deficit; and it is,
moreover, worthy of consideration, whether, for
a period at least, the numbers in the school should
not be increased, until a full complement of offi-
cers is supplied.
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT.
In the ordnance branch of the service there lias
been great activity, and the works at the navy-
yard in this city have been in constant operation
day and night to meet, as far as was possible, the
extraordinary demands that have ueen made.
When the late commandant of the Washington
yard, on the 22d of April, declined further con-
nection with the Government, and was dismissed
the service, it was believed the true interest of
the country would be promoted by placing the
yard and foundery in charge of the efficient and
capable officer whose reputation in connection
with ordnance is national. If his rank did not,
according to usage, entitle him to the position,
his merit did. To obviate difficulty, and place
that branch of the service in proper working con-
dition, I would recommend that there be ap-
pointed an officer, to bo known as the director of
ordnance, who shall,under the Department,have
the immediate supervision of the manufacture,
description, and supply of ordnance for the Navy
in all us details.
THE OBSERVATORY.
The Observatory, for many years under the
superintendence of an officer who had gained
distinguished reputation in connection with the
institution, was abandoned by him in a very ab-
rupt manner on the 20th of April. On receiving
intelligence that he had, without previous inti-
mation of his intention, deserted the post that
had been confided to him, a gentleman eminently
adapted to the place, who had, moreover, been
early identified with the Observatory, was at once
placed in the position. It gives me pleasure to
say that in many respects the change has bcBti
an improvement, while I trust that neither the
country nor the cause of science will.experience
any detriment therefrom.
THE NAVY RATION.
A change or modification of the tow regulating
the Navy ration seems necessary to meet the ex-
isting condition of tilings. Nearly the whole of
the present naval strength of the country is em-
ployed on* a particular service, which extends
along the coast, an effective forcc being stationed
at each of the principal harbors. It is important
that the vessels should remain on duty at their
stations as long as possible, to guard the coast and
prevent illegal commerce. That they may do this
satisfactorily, it is essential that the crews have
frequent supplies of fresh provisions and other
necessaries conducive to health. The Department
has already so far innovated as to send forward a
cargo of fresh supplies, and it proposes to con-
tinue thus tosupply the crews of the squadron until
the insurrection is suppressed. Provisions and
stores will in this manner be dispatched with sup-
plies of all kinds that may be required for the sub-
sistence and health of the crews. Communication
with each of the principal stations will be estab-
lished by these dispatch boats, which will carry
to and receive from the squadrons letters, convey
recruits, bring home invalids; and while perform-
ing these services will also discharge coast guard
duty.
INCREASE OF SURGEONS.
Ail increase of the number of surgeons and as-
sistant surgeons is also recommended , in con-
formity with the suggestions of the chief of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery. A copy of his
report is herewith transmitted. The deficiencies
that at present exist will doubtless soon be filled,
but the full complement allowed by the existing
law is inadequate to the present'requirements of
the service.
ACTING PAYMASTERS.
The additional number of vessels employed
called for additional paymasters beyond the numi
ber limited by law, and the Department, undo*
the existing necessity, appointed acting paymas-
ters. Where this appointment has been neees-
sary, it lias usually been connected with that of
captain's clerk, who has been required to give
bonds for the money and property intrusted to
his hands, and his confidential relations with his
commanderhave been such that it has been deemed
a further security. I would recommend that there
be an increase of the corps of paymasters, or per-
haps it may be well to have a class of assistant
paymasters at a less compensation and with less
responsibility. The minor appointment may be
made a preliminary step to the more important
office of paymaster.
INCREASE OF THE MARINE CORPS.
It became necessary to enlarge the marine corps
in order that it should correspond in some degree
with the general increase of other branches of the
service. Under the authority of the act of Con-
gress of 1849, two additions have been made to
this corps, which now consists of 2,500privates;
but the officers, except the force composing the
staff, remain the same in point of numbers as
when the corps consisted of but 1,000 men. This
number is altogether insufficient; and it is there-
fore recommended that there be an additional
number created; and, if the session is sufficiently
prolonged, an entire reorganization of the corps
may be expedient.
MASTERS AND MASTERS' MATES.
There has been, from necessity, a largo number
of acting masters and masters' mates appointed
from the commercial marine to meet the wants
of the service. These officers, generally of great
experience and intelligence, and occupying the
highest position in the merchant scrvice, have
voluntarily come foiward and offered themselves
for useful duty on hoard our public Vessels, whoro
they are contributing to the efficiency of the
Navy.
IRON-CLAD STEAMERS, OR FLOATING BATTERIES.
Much attention has been given within the last
few years to the subject of floating batteries, or
iron-clad steamers, Other Governments, ami
particularly Prance and England, have made it a
special object in connection with naval improve-
ments; and the ingenuity and inventive faculties
of our own countrymen have also been stimulated
by recent occurrences toward the construction of
this class of vessels. The period is perhaps not
one best adapted to heavy expenditures by way
of experiment, and the time and attention of some
of those who arc most competent to investigate
and form correct conclusions on this subject are
otherwise employed. I would, however, recom-
mend the appointment of a proper and competent
board to inquire into and report in regard to a
measure so important; and it is for Congress to
decide whether, on a favorable report, they will
order one or more iron-clad steamers, or floating
batteries, to be constructed, with a view to per-
fectprotection from the effects of presentordnance
at short range,and makean appropriation for that
purpose.
It is nearly twenty years since a gentleman of
New .Tersey, possessing wealth and talent, pro-
jected the construction of a floating battery, and
the Government aided the work by a liberal ap-
propriation. The death of this gentleman a few
years since interrupted the prosecution of this
experiment; and application has been recently
made by his surviving brother, the authorities of
New Jersey, and others, for additional means to
carry it forward to completion. The amount asked
is of such magnitude as to require special.inves-
tigation by a competent board, who shall report
as to the expediency and practicability of the ex-
periment before so large an expenditure should
be authorized.
INCREASE IN CLERICAL FORCE.
An increase of the clerical force of the Depart-
ment is indispensable, ami its organization may
be in some respects modified and improved. The
