10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
37rn gong....1st Sess.
Repcmk of the Secretary of War.
Senate & IIo. op Reps.
present session having been called for special pur-
poses, it may be deemed inexpedient to enter upon
general legislation; but the greatly increased labor
renders it necessary that there should be a tem-
pory increase of clerks, and I would, in this con-
nection, and as a part of this improvement and
addition, recommend an Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, on whom might be devolved many of the
details that now occupy no inconsiderable portion
of the time of the Secretary, and from which he
might be relieved.
united states sloop levant.
The Levant sloop-of-war, Commander William
E. Hunt, of the Pacific squadron, sailed from
Panama in May, 1860, for the Sandwich Islands,
for the purpose of inquiring, at the suggestion of
the Department of State, into the disbursement at
those islands of the fund for the relief of destitute
American seamen. She reached her destination
safely, and the investigations were conducted by
Commander Hunt at the ports of .Honolulu, La-
haina, and Hilo. The last official intelligence re-
ceived by the Department from the Levant was a
communication from Commander Hunt, dated
Hilo, September 3, 1660. He expected to take
his departure in a short time for Panama. Not
arriving at that port by January, Flag-Officer
Montgomery dispatched the steamers Saranac
and Wyoming in search of her. The latter vis-
ited the Sandwich Islands and various localities
on the route, making every possible inquiry for
her. But no tidings of her were obtained, although
it was definitely ascertained that she had sailed
from Hilo on the lsth of September, 1860, direct
for Panama. Ail hopes for her safety have long
since been abandoned, and it now devolves on
Congress, as in previous instances, to make such
legislation as may bo just and proper for the ben-
efit of the families ot the lamented officers and
crew who perished with her.
slavers captured.
The following captures of vessels engaged in
the slave trade have been made since those men-
tioned in the last annual report of this Depart-
ment:
Bark Cora, captured on the coast of Africa,
September 26, 1860, by the United States sloop
Constellation, Captain J. S. Nicholas, with a
cargo of 705 Africans, 694 of which were deliv-
ered to the United States agent at Monrovia.
Brig Bonitn, captured on the coast of Africa,
October 10, 1S60, by the United States steamer
ban Jacinto, Captain T. A. Dornin, with a cargo
of 7.50 Africans on board, 616 of which were de-
livered to the United States agent at MoniT>vm.
Brig Tuccoa, captured on the coast of Cuba,
December 20, 1860, by the United States steamer
Mohawk, Lieutenant Commanding T. A. M.
Craven.
Bark Mary Kimball, captured on the const of
Cuba, December 21, I860, by the United States
steamer Mohawk, Lieutenant Commanding T.
A.M. Craven.
Ship Nightingale, captured on the coast of Af-
rica, April £1, 1861, by the United States sloop-
of-wai Saratoga, Commander Alfred Taylor, with
961 Africans on board, 801 of which were deliv-
ered to the United States agent at Monrovia.
The Cora and Nightingale were sent to New
York; the Bonita to Charleston,and subsequently
to Savannah; and the Tuccoa and Mary Kimball
to Key West, and delivered into the custody of
the proper officers.
conclusion.
In discharging the duties that pertain to this
Department, and which have devolved upon it
during the-brief period it has been intrusted to
my hands, I have shrunk from no responsibili-
ties; and if, in some instances, the letter of the
law has been transcended, it was because the pub-
lic necessities requned it. To have declined the
exercise of any powers but such as were clearly
authorized and legally defined, when the Govern-
ment and the country were assailed and their ex-
istence endangered, would have been an inexcus-
able wrong and a cowardly omission. When,
therefore, the Navy was called into requisition to
assist not only in maintaining the Constitution
and to help executc the laws, but to contribute m
upholding the Government itself against a great i
conspiracy, I did not hesitate, under your direc-
tion, to add to its strength and efficiency by char-
tering, purchasing, building, equipping, and man-
ning vessels, expanding the organization, and
accepting the tender of services from patriotic in-
dividuals, although there be no specific legal en-
actment for some of the authority that has been
exercised.
Submitted herewith are supplemental estimates
from the several bureaus to meet deficiencies in
the appropriations for the naval service for the
fiscal year just closed, and for the year ending
June 30, 1862.
The appropriations for the fiscal year ending
30th of June, 1862, amount in the aggregate to
$13,168,675 86. The estimates now submitted
amount to $30,609,520 29. For a detailed state-
ment of these estimates I refer to the reports of
the chiefs of the bureaus.
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
The President of the United States.
report of tlie secretary of war.
War Department,
Washington, July 1, 1861.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the following
report of the operations of this Department.
The accompanying statements of the Adjutant
General will show the number, description, and
distribution of the troops which are now in ser-
vice.
It forms no part of the duty of this Department
to enter upon a discussion of the preliminary cir-
cumstances which have contributed to the present
condition of public affairs. The secession ordi-
nance of South Carolina was passed on the 20th
of December last, and from that period until the
majesty of the Government was made manifest,
immediately after you had assumed the Chief
Magistracy, the conspirators against its Consti-
tution and laws have left nothing undone to per-
petuate the memory of their*infamy. Revenue
steamers have been deliberately betrayed by their
commanders, or, whore treason could not be
brought to eonsummute the defection, have been
overpowered by rebel troops at the command ot
disloyal Governors. The Government arsenals
at Little Rock, Baton Ilouge, Mount Vernon,
Apalachicoln, Augusta, Charleston, and Fayette-
ville, the ordnance depot at San Antonio, and all
the otlier Government works in Texas, which
served as tjio depots of immense stores of arms
and ammunition, have been surrendered by the
commandcrs, or seized by disloyal hands. Forts
Macon, Caswell, Johnson, Clinch,Pulaski, Jack-
son, Marion, Barrancas, Me.Kee, Moigan, Gaines,
Pike, Macomb, St. Phillip', Livingston, Smith,
and three at Charleston; Oglethorpe barracks,
Barrancas banacks, New Orleans barracks, Fort
Jackson, on the Mississippi, the batte1-y at Bien-
venue, Dupre, and the worksat Ship Island, have
been successively stolen from the Government, or
betrayed by their commanding officers. The cus-
tom-houses at New Orleans, Mobile, Savannah,
Charleston, and other important points, contain-
ing vastamounts of Government funds, have been
treacherously appropriated to sustain the cause
of rebellion. In like manner the branch mints at
New Orleans, at Charlotte, and at Dahlonega,
have been illegally seized, in defiance of every
principle of common honesty and of honor. The
violent seizure of the United States Marine Hos-
pital at New Oilcans was only wanting to com-
plete the catalogue of crime. The inmates, who
had been disabled by devotion to their country's
service, and who there had been secured a grate-
fill asylum, were cruelly ordered to be removed,
without the slightest provision being made for
their support or comfort. In Texas, the large
forces detailed upon the frontier for the protection
of the inhabitants against the attacks of maraud-
ing Indians, were ignominiously deserted by their
commander, Brigadier General Twiggs. To the
infamy of treason to his flag was added the
crowning crime of deliberately handing over to
the armed enemies of his Government all the
public property intrusted to his charge, thus even
depriving the loyal men under bis command of all
means of transportation out of the State.
A striking and honorable contrast witlmhe re-
creant conduct of Brigadier General Twiggs, and
other traitorous officers, has been presented in the
heroic and truly self-sacrificing course pursued
by Major Robert Anderson, and the small and
gallant band of officers and men under his com-
mand at Fort Sumter; and also by Lieutenant
Adam J. Slemmer, his officers and men, at Fort
Pickens. In referring, with strongest commen-
dation, to the conduct of these brave soldiers, un-
der the trying circumstances which surrounded
them, I only echo the unanimous voice of the
American people. In thisconnection,itisapleas-
urable duty to refer to the very gallant action of
Lieutenant Roger Jones,at Harper's Ferry, and
the handsome and successful manner in which he
executed the orders of the Government at that
important post.
Tile determination of the Government to use its
utmost power to subdue the rebellion, has been
sustained by the unqualified approval of the whole
people. Heretofore, the leaders of this conspiracy
have professed to regard the people of this coun-
try as incapable of makinga forcible resistance to
rebellion. The error of "this conclusion is now
being made manifest. History will record that
men who, in ordinary times, were devoted solely
to the arts of peace, were yet ready on the instant,
to rush to arms in defense of their rights, when
assailed. At the present moment, the Govern-
ment presents the striking anomaly of being em-
barrassed by the generous outpouring of volun-
teers to sustain its action. Instead of laboring
under the difficulty of monarchical governments,
the want of men to fill its armies, (which, in other
countries, hag compelled a resort to forced con-
scriptions,) one of its main difficulties is to keep
down the proportions of the Army, and Jo pre-
vent it from swelling beyond the actual force
required.
Thecommandingoffioersof the regiments in the
volunteer service, both for the three months' ser-
vice and for the war, have,in many instances, not
yet furnished the Department with the muster-
rollsof their regiments. For want of these returns,
it is impossible to present as accurate an enumer-
ation of the volunteer force accepted and in the
field as could be desired. Under the proclamation
issued by you on the 15th of April last, the Gov-
ernors of different States were called upon to de-
tach from the militia under their command a cer-
tain quota, to serve as infantry or riflemen, for
the period of three months, unless sooner dis-
chaiged. The call so made amounted in the aggre-
gate to ninety-four regiments, making 73,391 offi-
cers and men. Of the States called upon, the
Governors of Virginia, North Carolina, Tennes-
see, Arkansas, Kentucky, and Missouri peremp-
torily refused to pomply with the requuementa
made by the Department. All the other States
promptly furnished the number required of them,
except Maryland, whose Governor, though mani-
festing entire readiness to comply, was prevented
from so doing by the outbreak at Baltimore.
Ill the States of Virginia, Delaware, and Mis-
souri, notwithstanding the positive refusal of their
executive officers to cooperate with the Govern-
ment, patriotic citizens voluntarily united together,
and organized regiments for the Government ser-
vice. Delaware and Virginia furnished each a
regiment, both of which are on duty in the field.
In a similar patriotic spirit, the loyol people of
Missouri raised a force of 11,445 office is and men,
making', in round numbers, twelve organized rcgi-
mcnts, to sustain the Government and to put down
rebellion in that State. And so, also, the ci'izens
of the District of Columbia, emulating these hon-
orable examples, furnished no less than 2,823 offi-
cers and men, making in all four full regiments,
all of which arc yet in the field, doing active and
efficient service. Thus, notwithstanding the re-
fusal of disloyal Governors to respond, the Gov-
ernment, instead of having been furnished with
only the number of troops called for under your
proclamation of the 15th April last, has received,
and has now in service, under that call, in round
numbers, at least 80,000.
Under your second proclamation, of the 4th of
May last, calling for volunteers to serve during
the war, there have been accepted, up to this date,
two hundred and eight regiments. A number of
other regiments have been accepted, but on condi-
