10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 19,
37th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Executive Usurpation—Mv. B-ciyard.
Senate.
before some proper couit, where it may be examined
whether he be detained for a lawful cause."
Such was the law of England long before our
Revolution, when we were colonies of England;
such is the principle that was meant to be em-
bodied in the Constitution of the United States by
that restriction against the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus—a restriction, not on the power
ofthe President, for he never had it; but an ex-
ception to the powers granted to Congress; and
the effect is to make it mandatory on Congress to
pass a law providing for the issuance of the writ
by the judiciary, because the issuing of the writ
and the execution of the writ are judicial matters
from beginning to end, and always have been. It
belongs to that department of our Government in
which the Constitution vests the judicial power of
the country. Congress have the right to suspend
it irv certain cases, but that very right of suspen-
sion renders it compulsory on them, if they do
not mean to violate the Constitution, to provide by
law, in such courts as they saw fit to establish, the
power and impose the duty to issue and enforce
this great writ. They did make such provision
by law, in 1789, among the first acts after the or-
ganization of the Government under the Consti
tution. The fourteenth and fifteenth sections of
the judiciary act-give to the Supreme Court and
its judges, in all cases of commitment, the power,
and impose the duty, to inquire into the cause of
commitment, by 5nd through the writ of habeas
corpus. The power is theie by law, and the law
has not been suspended. On what principle is it
that any President of the United States can sus-
pend or disobeyfi law of the United States? The
great doctrine proclaimed has been that it was his
duty to execute the laws in the seceding States.
Is he to execute the laws by violating the laws, as
a first step of action, in the States which have not
seceded? What power"fias the President of the
United States to suspend a law of the land? What
king of England can do it, unless it is expressed
in the law itself that he lias such discretionary
power? No such discretion is given, and the
fourteenth and fifteenth sections of your judiciary
act require the court to issue this writ, on appli-
cation, whenever a party is confined, and determ-
ine whether the commitment is legal. If the im-
prisonment is not lawful, it is tile duty of the
court or judge to discharge him.
If Congress mean to affirm that this power is in
the President of the United States, I want it to go
forth to this nation that they have virtually sus-
E ended the writ of habeas corpus, not by law, but
y affirmative resolution; exercising a judicial au-
thority which is not vested in them—an affirma-
tion declaring that the President, in this country,
can trespass upon the liberty of the citizen in a
manner which would have cost any lting of Eng-
land his crown for the last two hundred years,"if
he had dared to exercise such a power.
I submit, therefore, that if the President had
the power, being the exerciseofa high discretion
founded upon the condition ofthe nation, of course
it wouid be incapable of delegation. If, as I be-
lieve, the power exists in Congress, neither can
Congress delegate it. If the exigencies of this
country mid the public safety, in your opinion,
require that you should now suspend the habeas
corpus act, you may, as they do in England, de-
scribe the States or parts of States into which the
writ shall not run during the time limited in the
law. In England, I can find not a single instance
on record where the suspension has ever been for
more than one year. During the contest with her
colonies, the attempt was made to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus by legislation, with provis-
ions which would have involved the suspension
in England as well as here; but the Opposition,
after discussing the question, forced the ministers
to abandon that portion of the bill, because they
found that the majority of the lawyers supporting
them were opposed to so extended a suspension.
The bill was, therefore, modified so as to suspend
the writ in the rebellious colonies and on the high
seas; that is, they authorized the apprehension of
persons on suspicion in the rebellious colonies and
on the high seas, and their confinement, at the
discretion of the king, until the 1st of January,
1778, not quite a year from the passage of the bill.
Here it is not the passage of a bill; it is not the j
exercise of a high discretion where, after full con-1
sideration, you decide that the public safety re-
quires this great remedy—which is the only rem-
edy to preserve the liberty of the citizen—shall be
suspended, and where and for what length of time
it shall bo suspended; but you affirm an act of the
President, done in his discretion, not in yours, in
the past, which is clearly unconstitutional, and
which you have not tlio power to affirm. By
affirming his act, as he claims the power, you are
virtually assenting, on the part of the Legislature,
to the claim of power on the part of the President;
and thus the constitutional division of powers,
which is the security of our Government as a free
Government, is to be abandoned.
I shall'read one or two extracts from-judicial
decisions to show the uniform construction by
judicial exposition. There can be no question
that," in the case of Bollman and Swartout, the
Supreme Court decided, in distinct terms, that the
power was in the Legislature, and the Legislature
not having exercised any power to suspend the
writ, even though insurrection existed, the court
were bound to execute the law, and the evidence
not being sufficient, they discharged the prisoners.
They positively affirmed the power to be in the
Legislature; and I had never heard,until the claim
was made by the present Executive, of a solitary
lawyer in the United States who ventured to doubt
that the power was in Congress, and not in the
President. In my judgment, a received construc-
tion of more than half a century, and a settled
opinion of the profession, is always strong evi-
dence of what the law really is.
The essential requisites for the lawful depriva-
tion of the liberty of the citizen, are clearly and
distinctly stated by the Supreme Court in ex
parte Buford, 3 Cranch, 451:
" The judges of this court arc unanimously of opinion
that the wairant of commitment was illegal tor the want
of stating some good cause ceitain, supported by onth."
Where, let me ask, would be the liberty of the
citizen, if the President can arrest at liis discre-
tion, and refuse to obey the writ of habeas corpus ?
Who is to decide whether there is a good cause
certain, supported by oath?
It is absolute power. This is" not a land of
freedom and of free institutions longer, when you
have passed the resolution now before you.
•The history of the habeas corpus act and its
uses are well stated by the court in Watkins's
case, Judge Marshall delivering the opinion, after
stating the existence of the right at common law,
says:
"The English judges being originally under the influence
of the crown, neglectful to issue tins writ where the Gov -
ernment entertained suspicions which would not be sus-
tain^ by evidence; and tiie writ, when issued, was some-
times disregarded or evaded, and great individual oppres-
sion, in consequence of delays ill btingmg prisoners to
trial. To remedy tin's evil, the celebrated habeas corpus act
of 31 Charles II was enacted," &c.—3 Peters, 203.
That writ is the writ to which the court refer as
securing to the people a judicial investigation; a
writ of right which cannot,in the language ofthe
House of Commons, t%vo hundred and fifty years
ago, be lawfully denied, though the arrest be by
the command ofthe king. That right is to be aban-
doned in the Republic of the United States, in the
face of an express provision in the Constitution
limiting your legislative powers, which prevents
you from suspending it, except in a political ex-
igency of invasion or rebellion, where the public
safety requires it; of which you are to be the
judges, and you alone. As to the meaning of the
words "due process of law," as securing the rights
of the citizen, I might refer to the opinion of a very
able and distinguished judge of ourown country}
Mr. Justice Curtis, who, in a case which had no
political bearings whatever, gave an exposition of
the meaning of the words "law of the land,"as
existing in the constitution of Pi.hode Island, which
is analogous to "due process of law" in ourown
Constitution.
Now, sir, let me notice for a moment some one
or two ofthe somewhat singular views presented
in the extraordinary opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral. On page 5 of the Opinion, he says:
" As to the first question, I am clearly of opinion that, in
a time like the present, when the very existence of the na-
tion is assailed by a groat and dangerous insurrection, the
Presidenthas the lawful discretionary power to arrest and
hold in custody persons known to have criminal intercourse
with the insurgents, or persons against whom there is prob-
able cause for suspicion of such criminal complicity."
Here is a strange confusion of ideas. Every
lawyer knows what "probable cause" means.
Probable cause is something more than suspicion;
it is a state of facts established upon oath, from
which prima facie an inference of guilt can be
rationally made. Who ever heard before of the
term " probable cause "applied to mere suspicion
and not to the fact of guilt itself? There must be
probable cause of guilt, and without that sup-
ported by oatli, the court will discharge. There
must also be authority for the arrest and commit-
ment, or the court will discharge. If an offense
be not charged, if there is no oath, or the oatli
does not show probable cause in support of the
charge as in the case of Swartout ana Bollman,
the court will discharge.
I might ask,further, in connection with this idea
of probable cause, who is to decide it? What is
this writ of habeas corpus ? Is the President to
execute it, because it is his duty to see that the
laws are executed, oris it a judicial function. As
I have read to you from the representations to the
crown, made m 1704, in the British House of
Lords, the party is to be taken before some court,
in order that the mattermay be inquired into, and
if no probable cause of guilt is shown he must be
discharged. The matter is to be judicially inquired
into, and by your Constitution the judicial power
is vested in the courts of the United States, and not
in the Executive. Who, then, is to determine the
existence of probable cause? The tribunal, the
authority to investigate and decide, seems to have
been lost sight of by the learned Attorney General.
The learned Attorney General, after giving his
opinion on the first point; assumes that the Pres-
ident has the legal discretionary power to arrest
and imprison persons who are guilty of holding
criminal intercourse with men in a great and dan-
gerous insurrection, or persons suspected, with
"probable cause," of such criminal complicity;
and writes the words with marks of quotation to
show that it is their legal meaning in which he
uses them, "persons suspected with 'probable
cause' of such complicity." Is there, I repeat,
a lawyer in the land who does not know that
probable cause is more than suspicion, that it
implies prima facie evidence of guilt sufficient to
hold the party for trial according to the law of the
land, and that it stands contradistinguished from
suspicion; that suspicion is no ground whatever
for commitment upon arrest, unless sustained by
an affidavit showing probable cause, not of sus-
picion, but of guilt. What is suspicion, Mr.
President? Opinion, no more. Lord Bacon has
well said: " Suspicions among thoughts are like
bats among birds; they always fly in the dark."
The suspicion of an Administration, or of any
man, can never be just ground for depriving a
citizen of his liberty. In this country there must
be probable cause of guilt, of offense against the
laws, and shown by affidavit with sufficient cer-
tainty, in order to justify the incarceration of his
person; and we have no free country when that
ceases to be the law. Either enmity or timidity
will suspect without cause; and power, too, will
suspect where it wishes to crush an opponent.
Unhappy indeed is the country where personal
vengeance and political animosity can satiate itself
by the imprisonment of its object upon suspicion.
Let me ask what constitutes the difference be-
tween the lettre de catchet in the rei£:n of Louis
XIV and an arrest by the President of the United
States, because he chooses to declare there is a
state of insurrection, and arrest at his discretion,
or at the discretion of any subordinate officer, on
suspicion of guilt? What constitutes the differ-
eace between the Bastile and Fort MeHenry or
any other fort of the United States ? Louis XIV
said "I'etat e'est wtoi;"and he exercised the power
of committing any subject of Prance to the Bas-
tile to lay there in a dungeon for one year or ten
at his discretion. The individual might be for-
gotten, or ho might be the subject of personal an-
imosity, and it was so most frequently. But, at
least, that act of arbitrary power had this restric-
tion: it was always done under the immediate
order of the sovereign. The President of the
United States claims a similar power, not only to
be exerted by himself, but by any subordinate to
whom he chooses to delegate the authority; not
only to suspend the habeas co7-pus act, but to arrest
and incarcerate on suspicion at discretion; and the
