18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 19,
37th Cong.... 1stSess.
Executive Usurpation—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
in Fort McHenry, without charge, without sus-
picion, without anything but the failure of im-
plicit obedience to the military despot of the par-
ticular district. Not thrown into a dungeon; not
manacled, that we know of; but certainly unlaw-
fully incarcerated. The treatment, however, of
these or any other prisoners confined in your forts
unlawfully, must depend upon the humanity or
inhumanity, the likes and dislikes, of the officer
in command of the prison.
You propose to affirm all these acts by your
resolution. You propose to keep these men in
prison at the will of the Executive, in the face of
the Constitution, for no cause stated in the proc-
lamation of the officer who ordered the arrest,
having the semblance of justification. Their sole
offense consisted in a refusal to delegate the pow-
ers intrusted to them by the laws of Maryland to
a military commander of the United States, and
yield implicit obedience to his will. Such is the
course of military power always. It is an arbi-
trary power, and despotic in its nature. 1 make
no particular charge against the officer who issued
that order, because, 1 understand, he issued it
under the direction of the War Department. I
impugn nobody's motives; but 1 state the facts;
and I state the /'acts as a gross violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States—as an outrage upon
the personal liberty of the citizen, which, though
it falls upon Mr. Gatchell and his associates to-
day, may be brought home, gentlemen, to your-
selves ata future period, if you affirm this power,
because the judicial authority has been put atde-
fiance, and the civil authority trampled upon, by
military violence, and the answer is, that the writ
of habeas corpus has been suspended by the Pres-
ident. Affirm the legalityof that suspension, and
of course the same answer will be given in the
future; and we all know, that the military power,
sustained by the Executive and by the vote of
Congress, will be irresistible, unless the whole
people of the United States should arise en masse
against such despotism.
Ardent as may be a man's views in favor of
this war, harshly as he may tftink of the rebels,
and determined as he may be to prosecute it to Us
utmost extent, until the South unconditionally
submits, if he cherishes the principle of civil lib-
erty, he cannot sustain this action of the Presi-
dent which violates the laws of the land, and
abolishes all security for personal liberty to every
citizen throughout what are called the loyal Stales,
while it conduces, not in the slightest degree, to
the subjugation or submission of the South. It
touches not you now, who support and advocate
the course and measures of existing power, but
touches only those who are opposed to these
measures; but by your approval, you take the first
step for the subversion of a republican form of
government, and it is the first step only which
costs. The future progress towards absolutism
will be rapid. Where is the necessity for the ex-
ercise of such a power, except in those States that
have seceded? There I concede to you that, having
suspended the laws by civil war, they must take
the consequences of the action of military power,
if you choose to declare or recognize war. The
laws of the United States are suspended in those
States, and the courts are closed; but can the civil
be justly and constitutionally subordinated to the
military power in other States, because of oppo-
sition or disaffection to the Government5 I)o
you suppose thatby suspending the writ of habeas
co7yus, and authorizing the seizure of the person
of an individual on suspicion, that you will ever
reach the right man ? You may drown all open
opposition; but is the man who boldly speaksout
in opposition to the measures of an Administra-
tion the man who is to be feared as a conspirator ?
Sir, the conspiritors, if such there be, under pro-
fessions of adhesion, ardent adhesion to existing
power, will cloak the conspiracy by which they
mean to destroy it. The slightest knowledge of
human riatuie must lead to this conclusion. "The
conspirator enters into no open opposition to the
Government. With the nearly unanimous sup-
port that you have, for the present at any rate,
throughoutall the States that nave not withdrawn
fiom the Union, you have nothing to fear, because
there may be ^ opposition to your measures, or
there may be, if you please, disaffected men in all
the States. Your Government is not so weak
that the disaffection of a few can overturn it if
supported by the people.
Look back to our own experience in history.
During the revolutionary war there were Whigs
and Tories, but the writ was never suspended.
During Burr's conspiracy in 1807, though a single
military officer arrested persons without law in
New Orleans, he did not undertake to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus. The Executive never
approved his conduct, or claimed this power in
himself, Ofthe three arrested, two had been sent
off to the North before the writ was served; and
the court in New Orleans, as to those two, held
the answer sufficient that they were no longer in
his custody; the third was discharged in the court
there. Two were brought hei£, Bollman and
Swartout: The President immediately handed
them over to the judicial authorities with the
affidavits to sustain the charge against them. The
circuit court committed them for trial for treason,
and on a habeas corpus before the Supreme Court,
that court on revision held that the charge was
not shown with sufficient certainty in the affida-
vits, and discharged them. Mr. Jefferson never
recommended, as has been said here, that the
habeas corpus law should be suspended. There is
not a line or a word in his message recommending
such action. He stated thefact that he had com-
mitted these men to judicial custody, and that he
left to Congress to devise such measures as in
their judgment they thought proper under the
exigencies of the case. The Senate of the United
States, in secret session—no one knows how; no
one can tell what influences operated on them, for
there is no record of any debate—passed in one
day, through its three readings, a bill to suspend
the writ of habeas coiyus; but when it came into
the House of Representatives, the House of Rep-
resentatives, to mark its view of the outrageous
character of such an act, rejected it on its first
reading, after a long debate, by a vote of 113 to
14! Yet there was a wide-spread conspiracy then,
and it was in that part of the country where the
Government was weakest; but no man at that
day ventured to claim for the President, nor did
he himself claim, the right to exercise such a
power.
Then came the war of 1812. Was there no op-
position or disaflection to the Government then?
Was there not opposition to a very large extent
during that war? Was there not great disaffection
during tluit wai? Did the Congress of the United
States suspend the writ of habeas corpus? Did the
President of the United States undertake to arrest
citizens and hold them in confinement at his will,
claiming the right that because war existed and
communications were known to have been made
to the enemy by persons disaffected to the Gov-
ernment, therefore he might lawfully arrest any
citizen on suspicion without proof of probable
cause, and detain him in prison indefinitely? No,
sir; civil liberty was too much cherished in that
day. Our immediate ancestors, even, knew too
well what were the benefits of free government,
and how insidious were the appioaches and how
great the curse of a despotism, to break down
the Constitution under an imaginary necessity,
when the Government was quite strong enough to
subdue all treason, or all offenses againstits laws
within all the States in which the courts were open
for the prosecution of offenses without resorting
to this arbitrary exercise of power. Yet in that
war we were contending against a formidable
enemy, and there was serious disaffection; and the
nation and the Government not half so powerful
as it now is. It seems that power now too readily
converts convenience into necessity.
Mr. President, human nature is the same in all
ages and in all countries. Power always tends to
corruption, and especially when concentrated in
a single person; and it is that tendency which re-
quires, in ail free governments, the "division of
power among separate and independent depart-
ments for the prevention of its abuse—legislative,
executive, and judicial; and it is only by main-
taining the balance between these depositories of
power that a government of laws can be peipetu-
ated. Could you suppose a god to descend upon
earth for its government, it would be wiser to sub-
mit to his government than to attempt to govern
ourselves; but, while humanity has its inherent
frailtica,the experience of mankind has vindicated
the great truth that, by thfcconcentration of power
in the hands of the one or the few, a government
of laws-—which alone is a free government—must
degenerate into a government of will. When a
discretionary power over not only the property,
but the liberty of the citizen or subject is vested
in, or can be exercised by, one man, uncontrolled
by fundamental laws for their preservation, capa-
ble of enforcement by a separate and independ-
ent department, freedom, no longer exists; and
whether the person who exercises that discretion-
ary power be called a monarch, a dictator, or a
president, the governmentis equally a despotism.
A despot may happen to have sufficient intelli-
gence and virtue to consult the general interest of
his subjects, and may govern with justice and
equity ; but, with the corrupting influence of
power, the security is but frail for continued good
government. 1 speak with no allusion to the pres-
ent President, who may be as little affected by the
possession of discretionary power as any man;
but to no man, and under no emergency, should
a free people ever trust uncontrolled discretionary
power over their personal libei ty. The power to
imprison at discretion, by military force, vested
in one man or a few men, is incompatible with re-
publican institutions; be it a dictator or a Council
of Ten, the end is either despotism or oligarchy.
An honorable Senator has told us that he would
be willing at this time to yield almost unlimited
power to the Executive. Sir, if you pass this res-
olution, you give unlimited power to the Presi-
dent of the United States; you take away the last
remnant of liberty in this country. You abandon
to him the great judicial right which protects the
liberty of the citizen, in the face ofthe Constitu-
tion, without judging of the exigency for your-
selves, or avowing to the people, by direct legis-
lation, that you have parted with that right*
Suppose that Abraham Lincoln was aman of great
force of will, of great military talent, great ambi-
tion, and with sufficient capacity as a statesman
to govern and discreetly control the career of his
ambition in the pursuit of permanent power: I
ask you if a Cromwell or a Bonaparte were in-
vested with the powers you now propose to place
in the hands of the President of the United States,
if the liberties of this country would not lie at his
feet? Sir, for one, without regard to the man, I
will look upon any one in reference to the grant
of such unlimited power, as a Cromwell or a
Bonaparte. I cannot expect from the past history
of humanity, that the next eighteen centuries will
produce the equal of George Washington.
Sir, are there not dangers if this power is
intrusted to the Executive, apart from the idea
of any attempt to obtain supreme and permanent
command'5 Every one knows that opposition is
not readily brooked by power. We have seen
that the citizen lias been arrested on mere suspi-
cion, and without even the charge of suspicion in
some cases as I have shown you. Will not the
next step be to destroy the liberty of canvassing
with freedom the measures ofthe Administration;
a right which is secured by our Constitution ?
Will not the press die under the discretionary
power of arrest? If that is not sufficient, and there
should be a lingering few in this Chamber who
venture to question any one act of the existing
Administration,may not the power be applied to
them, and not only rebellion be crushed out in
the seceded States, but the last hope of liberty
crushed otit, by destroying the right of the Rep-
resentative of the people to boldly question the
acts of power be they those of a President, a judge,
or a Congress ?
Sir, I could dilate on this subject to a much
greater extent; but can see that few honorable
Senators opposed to me have listened to my warn-
ings, nor will they probably have read my re-
marks until they pass this resolution. I suppose
I must give up the faint hope I entertained, that
this resolution, so utterly unnecessary to have
been introduced, even on your own theory, can
or will be defeated. It will pass; but, in my judg-
ment, when you pass it, you prostrate the liber-
ties of this country and destroy the rights of its
citizens as free citizens. You must carry with
you the fact that you have no condoning power,
no pardoning power. You may declare an act to
be legal or constitutional; but if it is not, you
cannot make it so; you may legalize for the
