1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CQNG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
37th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the tJnion—Mr. Latham,.
Senate.
future many acts which have been done, you can-
not for the past. You cannot vest power legally
by a resolution, under the Constitution, where the
Constitution does not vest it. You have no judi-
cial authority so to dpcree; but you may, in the
face of the Constitution, by bringing the Legisla-
ture into accord with the Executive in the asser-
tion of an unconstitutional power, subvert the
liberties of your country. No one has asked you
— and we know we are powerless for that purpose
—to censure the President of the United States;
but I tell you frankly, when the people of this
country pass from the state of excitement which
now exists, as your resolution cannot condone
any act which may have been done in violation
of the Constitution by the Executive, a subse-
quent Congress can deal legally with this question,
by the action of the House of Representatives as
an impeaching body, and the action of the Senate
in deciding on that impeachment. I may not then
be a member of this body, and I trust I shall not.
I will not attempt to predict what the action of a
subsequent Congress may be on those extraor-
dinary acts of the Px'esident which you now not
only determine to approve, but declare to be valid.
But the very face of your resolution implies that
you think they are not within his constitutional
powers. By specific legislation you may give
effect to all the acts mentioned in the approving
resolution, except in the case of the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus; and in regard to that,
you do not venture to declare to the people of this
country by open legislation the effect and object
of your resolution—Be it enacted by the authority
of the Senate and House of Representatives, that
the writ of habeas corpus shall be suspended within
certain limits prescribed in the law and for a cer-
tain duration of time. Yet that is the only legiti-
mate mode of legislation when the necessity arises,
and the only constitutional mode in which such a
power can be exercised.
DEFENSE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. M. S. LATHAM,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In the Senate, July 20,1861.
The Senate having under consideration the joint icsolu-
tion (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm certain acts of the
President ofthe United States for suppressing Insurrection
and icbelhon— v
Mr. LATHAM said: Mr. President, when I
took my seat at the opening of tins session of
Congress, I was perfectly content to perform my
duty by merely casting my vote on the several
bills which might be presented. Whatever might
be the consequences of my acts, or the responsi-
bility assumed, it was a question between my con-
stituents and myself, and I hold myself amenable
to them. There is, however, such a marked dis-
crepancy, not only in the recorded votes, but in
many of the sentiments uttered by those gentle-
men with whom I have always been m political
affiliation, that it may be proper tu make known
to this body, as well as to the country, the rea-
sons for this difference.
It is the painful duty of many gentlemen on
this floor, in the present trying crisis, to differ
with those with whom their political relations
have been of the most cordial character; and even
those whom we have recognized as party leaders.
Mr. President, I listened on Wednesday with
raaiked pleasure to the eloquence of my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] whom I
have always delighted to support and honor. I
listened also yesterday to the legal argument made
by the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard.] With many of the sentiments uttered
by both of these gentlemen I cordially agree.
But, sir, I was pained, after they had taken their
seats, that 1 had not heard from the lips of either,
one single word of denunciation of the breaches,
infractions, and outrages committed upon the
Constitution of our country by those States ar-
raying themselves in hostility to it. Gentlemen
can find almost infinitesimal flaws on the part of
the constituted authoiities ofthe Government, but
not one single woid in condemnation of those
who arc boldly trampling under foot the Constitu-
tion of the country itself. It may well be quoted;
"Why behoklest thou the mote in thy brother's
eye, butconsiderest not the beam that is in thine
own eye?"
' So far as the acts of the President of the United
States which are to be indorsed by this joint res-
olution are concerned, the Senate is probably con-
versant with the view which I took on a former
occasion in regard to them. I hold the line of
demarkation in indorsing the conduct of the Ex-
ecutive to be this: whatever imperious necessity
required lnm to do to support the Government,
to enforce the laws, and secure obedience to the
constituted authorities, it was right and. proper he
should do, even though in the doing he may have
committed a technical infraction of the authority
delegated to him. Wherever there was not that
imperious necessity, I do not justify him. So far
as the violation of the writ of habeas coiyus in the
State of Maryland was concerned, I refuse to give
him my sanction for that act. I refuse it because
that State has shown, by the return of her dele-
gates to the other House, her allegiance to the
Government of the United States; and though
there may be many citizens in her midst who sym-
pathize with the disloyal spirit of the southern
States; though there may have been disgraceful
mobs and riots in the city of Baltimore; unless
there was clear evidence that the judiciary of that
State was tainted with that disloyalty, and were
unwilling to do their duty, under the Constitu-
tion, in acting upon these writs of habeas corpus,
I would not justify any officer in the suspension
of that sacred privilege. No Senator for one mo-
ment doubts the loyalty of the Chief Justice of the
United States, who issued the writ; or, if he does,
he has never made it known upon this floor. His
character is pure, spotless, and untainted; his life
has been one of devotion to his country and the
enforcement of its laws; and now, in his honored
old age, he could scarcely stigmatize a long list of
years of service by refusing to obey those laws and
those principles of justice which he has sworn to
carry out. Hence 1 regard the act of the President
of the United States m suspending the writ of habeas
corjms, as this joint resolution says, " between the
city of Philadelphia and the city of Washington,"
as an unnecessary violation of the powers pos-
sessed by him under the Constitution; and, as a
conscientious guardian of the liberties of the peo-
ple, 1 refuse him my indorsement for that act.
So, too, as to the increase ofthe regular stand-
ing Army of the country. The purposes for which
he was striving could have been as easily accom-
plished by the volunteer force of the country;and
therefore the exercise of power in increasing the
regular standing Army was not warranted by the
exigencies. I decline, therefore, my indorsement
for this act also. But, sir, ns to the other acts of
the Government—ordering the blockade; calling
out of the volunteers of the Country; suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus in Florida, it being in
open rebellion to your Government; and all the
other acts enumerated in this joint resolution—he
has my hearty approval; and I now say, as the
repiesentative of a sovereign State and a loyal
people, that if he had not exercised those powers,
I would have vpted to impeach him as unworthy
the place he occupies, and most derelict in his
duties to the Government. Seeing a settled determ-
ination on the part of those States in rebellion
to march upon and destroy your capital, (as was
announced by the Secretary of War of the south-
ern confederacy,)—to wipe from the map the coun-
try of the United States, if he had not resorted to
every power and every means within his contiol
to sustain that Government he would have de-
served the execi ation and scorn of all living men,
as well as of posterity.
The golden maxim is, " Do unto others even
as you would they should do unto you." Mr. Lin-
coln being the constitutionally elected Piesident
of the United States, the people, through the me-
dium prescribed by the Constitution, had declared
that he was vested with the authority of Govern-
ment, which he is now exercising. When the re-
sult of that election was known in November, as
a citizen, and as I esteemed every good citizen
should, I gave my acquiescence to the voice of the
people, and considered him entitled to the support
of all good citizens in the administration of that
Government; taking it for granted that if any had
cause of complaint against his political tenets,
that same Constitution pointed out the methud of
their remedy.
Now, sir, bringing this home to myself, I gave
my support cheerfully and willingly to my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky. Anxious to see
him elevated to the position now occupied by Mr.
Lincoln, whatever 1 could do in my humble abil-
ity to secure that end—satisfied that he stood on
a platform that was right and proper, according
to my honest convictions—was done, and done
faithfully. Had he been elected to the Presidency
of the United States, and the New England States,
led by Massachusetts, had pursued the course of
these southern States; if they had said, " we are
unwilling to belong to a Government which pro-
poses to protect the institution of slavery, or lec-
ognizes it in any capacity; we are tired of what
these gentlemen call the copartnership—the com-
pact; we wish to break it up and erect a Govern-
ment of our own;" if they had seized upon the
forts and arsenals and other public property of the
whole country—had arrayed themselves in hostil-
ity to the Government, and Greeted an alien one
within our own, I believe he, and I know I, should
have felt it my bounden duty to use all the pow-
ers possessed, to see to it that the laws were there
enforced, the public property retaken, and the
dignity and honorof yourGovernmentsustained.
The rule is not changed because my party and
friend did not happen to be the successful ones.
Mr. President, a great deal has been said
throughout the whole of this contest, against the
power of your Government to enforce its laws by
the use ol the strong aim; a great deal about its
being in contravention of the spirit of the fathers
of the Republic to seek to coerce these States into
obedience to the laws of the country, and to force
the restoration of the public property which they
have seized. Last winter, in common with many
of my political associates, I also openly advocated
the doctrine as a question of policy, that this
Government should not attempt coercion against
these States; that it was better to wait for icason
and judgment to reassert their sway, rather than
use the power which I never once denied was
really possessed of asserting its authoiity by the
strong military arm. Further, it was the settled,
fixed policy of your Government, up to a certain
period, to pursue this course,until it was definitely
ascertained that it would only result in what we
were trying, with all our ability and might, to
prevent.
After the election of Mr. Lincoln, on the Gth
day of November last, South Carolina's Senators
never appeared upon this floor, ller convention
met on the 17th of that month, and on the 20th—
long before Mr. Lincoln was to be inaugurated,
long anteriorto thetimewhen this party, to whose
principles they were so much opposed, was to be
vested with the power of your Government—de-
clared that they no longer owed allegiance to the
United States. They seized at once upon the
arsenal in the city of Charleston, and Forts Moul-
trie and Pmckney were taken possession of. Did
the Government of the United States attempt to
retake this property, to reassert its title over these
respective forts and this arsenal which had been
thus unlawfully,illegally, and unconstitutionally
seized upon? South Carolina by that act had
done what the world in arms could not have done
with impunity. The Government quietly and
tacitly submitted to it, trusting to the restoration
of cooler judgment to these excited and misguided
people.
This very act of unwillingness to exorcise the
strong power of the Government against South
Carolina in the assertion of her right to property
thus unlawfully seized, was but the signal for all
of those States which have since followed her
footsteps, one after the other, to pursue the same
line of conduct. In Georgia your forts were seized
upon; in Alabama the same thing; in Louisiana
your arsenal at Baton Rouge, your mint in the
city of New Orleans, and whatever other property
lay within their territory; and no act on the part
of your Government was attempted to protect or
defend this property. In Texas—where you had
troops, troops who had seen scrvice, men who
had gallantly defended the flag of our country in
many a hard fought battle upon the plains of
Mexico; when theTexans demanded a surrender
ofthe forts held by them, rather than precipitate
the country into civil war, quietly folded the flag
i of their country about Hs staff, leaving the State
I loth-Hi complete possession—an agreement made
