LAWS OP THE UNITED STATES.
rUBLIC ACTS OF THE TIIIKIY-SEVEKTH CONGBESS
OP THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the Gity of Washington, m the District of Columbia, on
Thursday, the Ath day of July, A. D. 1861, and ended on Tuesday, the 6th day of August, A. D. 1861.
Abraham Lincoln, President. Hannibal Hamlin, Vice President, and President of the Senate. Solomon Foot
was elected President of the Senate, pro tempore, on the 18th day of July, and continued so to act until the
close of the session. Galusiia A. Gbow, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
[The Index to the Laws follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter I.—An Act to refund and remit the
Duties on Arms imported by States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain■ Congi ess
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he isjiereby, authorized and directed to
refund and remit the duties and imposts on all
arms imported into the United States since the first
day of May last, or which may be imported before
the 1st day of January next, by or for the account
of any State: Provided, The Secretary of the
Treasury shall be satisfied that the said arms are
intended, in good faith, for the use of the troops
of any State which is or may be engaged in aid-
in" to suppress the insurrection now existing
ajrainst the United States.
Approved, July 10, 18G1.
Chap. II.—An Act to provide for the payment
of the Militia and Volunteers called into the
service of the United States from the time they
were called into service to the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ufAmerkain Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of five millions
seven hundred and sixty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary to enable the
Government to pay the militia and volunteers
called into service of the United States, being an
additional amount required for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one.
Approved, July 13, 1861.
Chap. III. An Act further to provide for the
Collection of Duties on Imports, and for other
purp.oses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and TTnuse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerieam Congress
assembled, That whenever it shall, in the judg-
ment of the President, by reason of uulawlul com-
binations of persons in opposition to the laws of
the United States, become impracticable to exe-
cute the revenue laws and collect the duties on
imports by the ordinary means, m the ordinary
way, at any port of entry in any collection dis-
trict, he is authorized to cause such duties to be
collected at any port of delivery in said district
until such obstruction shall cease; and in such
ease the surveyors at said ports of delivery snail
23
be clothed with all the powers, and be subject to
all the obligations of collectors at ports of entry;
and the Secretary of the Treasury, with the ap-
probation of the President, shall appoint such
number of weighers, gaugers, measurers, inspec-
tors, appraisers, and clerks as maybe necessary,
in his judgment, for the faithful execution of the
revenue laws at said ports of delivery, and shall
fix and establish the limitswithin which such ports
of delivery are constituted ports of entry, as afore-
said; and all the provisions of law regulating the
issue of marine papers, the coasting trade, the
warehousing of imports, and collection of duties,
shall apply to the ports of entry so constituted,
in the same mannei as they do to ports of entry
established by the laws now in force.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if, from
the cause mentioned in the foregoing section, ill
the judgment of the President, the revenue from
duties on impoits cannot be eflectually collected
at any port of entry in any collection district, in
the ordinary way, and by the ordinary means,
or by the course provided in the foregoing sec-
tion, then and in that case he may dnectthat the
custom-house for the disti ict be established in any
secure place within said district, either on land oi
on boaid any vessel in said district orat sea near
the coast; and in such ease the collector shall re-
side at such place, or on shipboard, as the case
may be, and there detain all vessels and cargoes
arriving within or approaching said district, until
' the duties imposed by law on said vessels and
their cargoes are paid m cash: Provided, That if
the owner or consignee of the cargo on board any
vessel detained as afoiesaid, or the master of said
vessel shall desire to enter a port of entry in any
other district in the United States where no such
obstructions to the execution of the laws exist,
the master of such vessel may be permitted so to
change the destination £>f the vessel and cargo m
his manifest, whereupon the collector shall de-
liver him a written permit to proceed to the port
so designated: And provided further, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall, with the approba-
tion of the President, make proper regulations for
the enforcement on shipboard of such provisions
of the laws regulating the assessment acd collec-
tion of duties as in his judgment may be neces-
sary and practicable.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, lhat it shall
be unlawful to take any vessel or cargo detained
as aforesaid from the custody of the proper offi-
cers of the customs, unless by process ot some
court of the United States; and m case of any
attempt otherwise to take such vessel or cargo by
any force, or combination, or assemblage of per-
sons, too great to be overcome by the officers of
the customs, it shall and may be lawful for the
Picsidont, or such person or persons as ho shall
have empowered for that purpose, to employ such
part of the Army or Navy or militia of the Uni-
ted States, or such force of citizen volunteers as
may be deemed necessary for the purpose of pre-
venting the removal of such vessel or cargo, and
protecting the officers of the customs in retaining
the custody thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That if, in
the judgment of the President, from the cause
mentioned in the first section of this act, the duties
upon imports in any collection distuct cannot be
effectually collected by the ordinary means, and
in the. ordinary way, or in the mode and manner
provided in the foregoing sections of this act, then
and in that case the President is hereby empow-
ered to close the port or ports of entry in said dis-
trict, and in such case give notice thereof by proc-
lamation; and thereupon all rightof importation,
warehousing, and other privileges incident to ports
of entry shall cease and be discontinued at such
j port so closed, until opened by the order of the
i President on the cessation of such obstructions;
! and if, while said ports are so closed, any ship or
! vessel from beyond the United Slates, or having on
' board any articles subject to duties, shall enter
or attempt to enter any such port, the same, to-
gether with its tackle, apparel, furniture, and
caigo, shall be forfeited to the United States.
] Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when-
[ over the President, in pursuance ofthe provisions
of the second section of the act entitled "An act
1 to provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws ofthe Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions, and to repeal the act now in force
for that purpose," approved February twenty-
eight, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, shall
have called forth the militia to suppress combma-
tious against the laws of the United States, and
to cause the laws to Ufe duly executed, and the
insurgents shall have failed to disperse by the time
directed by the President, and when said insur-
gents claim to act under the authority of any State
or States, and such claim is not disclaimed or re-
pudiated by the persons exercising the functions
of government in such State^ or States, or in the
part or parts thereof in which said combination
exists, nor such insurrection suppressed by said
State or States, then and in such case it may and
shall be lawful for the President, by proclamation,
