1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laivs of the United States.
37th Cong.... 1stSess.
carriage, wharfage, purchase and repair of boats,
compensation to judges-advocate, per diem for
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
for constant labor, house rent in lieu of quarters,
burial of deceased marines, printing, stationery,
postage, telegraphing, apprehension of deserters,
oil, candles, gas, repair of gas and water fixtures,
water rent, forage, straw, barrack furniture, fur-
niture for officers' quarters, bed sacks, spades,
shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools, keep of a
horse for the messenger, pay of matron, washer-
woman, and porter at the hospital headquarters,
repairs of fire-engine, purchase and repair of en-
gine hose, purchase of lumber for benches, mess
tables, bunks,repairs to public carry-all,purchase
and repair of harness, galleys and cooking-stoves
for mess rooms, stoves where there are no grates,
gravel for parade grounds, repair of pumps, fur-
niture for staff and commanding officers' offices,
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and for other
purposes, twelve thousand dollars.
NAVY-YARDS.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For repairs of all kinds, ten thousand dollars.
Boston.
For machinery, completing machine shop,
drainage, masting shears, repairs, and painting,
one hundred and fifty-four thousand one hundred
dollars.
JVeto York.
Forhoistingapparatusforprovision stores, four
thousand six hundred and fifty dollars.
For dredging channels, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs of dry-dock, six thousand dollars.
For water pipes, hydrants, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For floor for mold loft, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For bilge blocks for dry-dock, three thousand
dollars.
For new derrick, including foundation, twenty-
one thousand nine hundred and eighty-eight dol-
lars.
For floor to third story of machine shop, and
columns to support, three thousand dollars.
For railroad through new store, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For caisson to launching ways, eight thousand
five hundred juid forty-one dollars.
For repairlRf all kinds, twenty-eight thousand
four hundred and thirty dollars.
For removing small shears, one thousand dol-
lars.
   Philadelphia.
For repairs of floating-dock, forty thousand
dollars.
Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, forty-four thousand
four hundred and forty-seven dollars.
Marc Island.
For repairs to floating-dock, and other repairs
in the yard, sixty thousand dollars.
For machinery for machine shop, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
naval asylum.
Philadelphia.
For the extension of mam sewer, eight hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses at the several navy-
yards, to meet extraoidinary demands for the
remainder of the current and the next fiscal year,
one hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and they are hereby, appro-
priated for arrearages for the year ending thirtieth
of .Tune, eighteen hundred and sixty-one:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the INavy, three hundred and tlurty-mne thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For the chaiter of vessels, their purchase, fit-
ting for war service, reservations due on existing
contracts, the fitting out of the ships of war, three
million eight hundred and sixty-six thousand dol-
lars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, including
incidental expenses, ninety thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising in
newspaperst books,maps, models,and drawings,
purchase and re pair of fire-engines and machinery,
repairs of and attending to steam-engines in navy-
yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timber wheels,
and the purchase and repair of workmen's tools,
postage of public letters, fuel, oil, and candles for
navy-yards and shore stations, pay of watchmen
and incidental labor not chargeable to any other
appropriation, transportation to and laborattend-
ing the delivery of provisions and stores on for-
eign stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, travel-
ing expenses of officers and others under orders,
funeral expenses, store and office rent, fuel, com-
missions and pay of clerks to navy agents and
storekeepers, flags, awnings, and packing boxes,
premiums and other expenses of recruiting, ap-
prehending deserters, per diem pay to persons
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
other services authorized by law, pay to judges-
advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in distress, and for bills of
health and quarantine expenses of vessels of the
United States Navy in foreign ports, ten thou-
sand dollars; and the Secretary of the Navy is
hereby authorized to expend so much of the sums
remaining in the Treasury on the first of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to the credit of
" printing and publication of sailing directions,
wind and current charts, astronomical observa-
tions, and hydrographical surveys," as maybe
necessary for completing the unfinished work left
at the Observatory by the late Superintendent:
Provided, That the expenditures under the fore-
going appropriations shall be so accounted for as
to show the disbursements by each bureau under
each respective appropriation.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That no pat-
ented arLiele connected with marine engines shall
be hereafter purchased or attached to, or used in
connection with any steam vessel of war, until the
same shall have been submitted to, and officially
recommended in writing for purchase and use by
a competent board of naval engineers.
Approved, July 18, 1861.
Chap. IX.—An Act to authorize the employment
of Volunteers to aid in enforcing the Laws and
protecting Public Property.
Whereas certain of the forts, arsenals, custom-
houses, navy-yards, and other property of the
United States, have been seized, and other viola-
tions of law have been committed and are threat-
ened by organized bodies of men in several of the
States, and a conspiracy has been entered into to
overthrow the Government of the United States:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIousc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of tfmericain Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized to accept the services of volunteers,
either as cavalry, infantry, or artillery, in such
numbers, not exceeding five hundred thousand,
as he may deem necessary, for the purpose of
repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection, en-
forcing the laws, and preserving and protecting
the public property: Provided, That the services
of the volunteers shall be for such time as the
President may diiect, not exceeding three years
nor less than six months, and they shall be dis-
banded at the end of the war. And all provisions
of law applicable to three years volunteers shall
apply to two years volunteers, and to all volun-
teers who have been, or may be, accepted into
the service of the United States, for a period not
less than six months, in the same manner as if
such volunteers were specially named. Before
receiving into service any number of volunteers
exceeding those now called for and accepted, the
President shall, from time to time, issue his proc-
lamation, stating the number desired, either as
c^alry, infantry, or artillery, and the States from
which they are to be furnished, having reference,
m any such requisition, to the number then in
service from the several States, and to the exi-
gencies of the service at the time, and equalizing!
as far as practicable, the number furnished by the
several States according to Federal population.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That |he said
volunteers shall be subject to the rules and regu-
lations governing the Army of the United States,
and that they shall be formed by the President
into regiments of infantry, with the exception of
such numbers for cavalry and artillery as he may-
direct, not to exceed the proportion of one com-
pany of each of those arms to every regiment of
infantry, and to be organized as in the regular
service. Each regiment of infantry shall have
one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major,
one adjutant, (a lieutenant,)'one quartermaster,
(a lieutenant,) one surgeon and one assistant sur-
geon, one sergeant-major, one regimental quarter-
master-sergeant, one regiment^ commissary-ser-
geant, one hospital steward, two principal musi-
cians, and twenty-four musicians for a band, and
shall be composed of ten companies, each com-
pany to consist of one captain, one first lieuten-
ant, one second lieutenant, one first sergeant, four
sergeants, eight corporals, two musicians, one
wagoner, and from sixty-four to eighty-two pri-
vates.
Sec. 3. Jlnd hi it farther enacted, That these
forces, when accepted as herein authorized.shali
be organised into divisions of three or more brig-
ades each; and each division shall have a major-
general, three aides-de-camp, and one assistant
adjutant-general with the rank of major. Each
brigade shall be composed of four or more regi-
ments, and shall have one brigadier-general, two
aidcs-dc-camp,one assistant adjutant-general with
the rank of captain, one surgeon, one assistant
quartermaster, and one commissary of subsist-
ence.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further enacted, ThatthePres-
ident shall be authorized to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, for the com-
mand of the forces provided for in this act, a num-
ber of major-generals, not exceeding six, andjt
number of brigadier-generals, not exceeding eigh-
teen, and the other division and brigade officers
required for the organization of these forces, ex-
cept the aides-de-camp, who shall be selected by
their respective generals from the officers of the
Army or volunteer corps: Provided, That the
President may select the major-generals and brig-
adier-generals provided for "in this act from the
line or staff of the regular Army, and the officers
so selected shall be permitted to retain their rank
therein. The Governors of the States furnishing
volunteers under this act shall commission the
field, staff', and company officers requisite for the
said volunteers; but, in cases where the State au-
thorities refuse or omit to furnish volunteers at
the call or on the proclamation of the President,
and volunteers from such States offer their ser-
vices under such call or proclamation, the Presi-
dent shall have power to accept such services,
and to commission the proper field, staff, and
company officers.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, and privates or-
ganized as above set forth, shall, in all respects,
be.placed on the footing, as to pay and allow-
ances, of similar corps of the regular Army: Pro-
vided, That the allowances of non-commissioned
officers and privates for clothing, when not fur-
nished in kind, shall be three dollais and fifty
ccnts per month, and that each company officer,
non-commissioned officer, private, musician, and
artificer of cavalry, shall furnish his own horse
and horse equipments, and shall receive forty
cents per day for their use and risk, except that
in case the horse shall become disabled or shall
die, the allowance shall cease until the disability
be removed or another horse be supplied. Every
volunteer non-commissioned officer, private, mu-
sician, and artificer, who enters the service of the
United States under this act, shall be paid at the
rate of fifty ccnts in lieu of subsistence, and if a
cavalry volunteer, twenty-five cents additional, in
lieu of forage, for every twenty miles of travel
from his place of enrollment to the place of mus-
ter; the distance to be measured by the shortest
usually traveled route; and when honorably dis-
charged an allowance at the same rate from the
place of his discharge to his place of enrollment,
and in addition thereto, if he shall have served
for a period of two years, or during the war, if
sooner ended, the sum of one hundred dollars:
Provided, That such of the companies of cavalry
