28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
37th Costs 1st Sess.
Laios of the United States.
herein ^provided for, as may require it, maybe
furnished with horses and horse equipments
in the same manner as in the United States
Army.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That any vol-
unteer who may be received into the service of
the United States under this act, and who may be
wounded or otherwise disabled in the service,
shall be entitled to the benefits which have been
or may be conferred on persons disabled in the
regular service, and the widow, if there be one,
and if not, the legal heirs of such as die or may
be killed in service, in addition to all arrears of
pay and allowances, shall receive the sum of one
hundred dollars.
Sec. l.And be it further enacted, That the bands
of the regiments of infantry and of the regiments
of cavalry shall be paid as follows: one fourth of
each shall receive the pay and allowances of ser-
geants of engineer soldiers; one fourth those of
corporals of engineer soldiers; and the remaining
half those of privates of engineer soldiers of the
first class; and the leaders of the band shall re-
ceive the same pay and emoluments as second
lieutenants of infantry.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That the wag-
oners and saddlers shall receive the pay and allow-
ances of corporals of cavalry; the regimental
commissary sergeant shall receive the pay and
allowances of regimental sergeant-major; and
the regimental quartermaster-sergeant shall re-
ceive the pay and allowances of a sergeant of
cavalry.
Sec. 9. And be it further cnacted, That there
shall be allowed to each regiment one chaplain,
who shall be appointed by the regimental com
mander on the vote of the field officers and com
pany commanders on duty with the regiment at
the time the appointment shall, be made. The
chaplain so appointed must be a regular ordained
minister of a Christian denomination, and shall
receive the pay and allowances of a captain of
cavalry, and snail be required to report to the
colonel commanding the regiment to which he is
attached, at the end of cach quarter, the moral
and religious condition of the regiment, and such
suggestions as may conduce to the social happi-
ness and moral improvement of the troops.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted^ That the gen-
eral commanding a separate department or a de-
tached army is hereby authorized to appoint a
military board or commission, of not less than
three nor more than five officers, whose duty it
shall be to examine the capacity, qualifications,
propriety of conduct, and efficiency, of any com-
missioned officer of volunteers within his depart-
ment or army, who may be reported to the board
or commission; and upon such report, if adverse
to such officer, and if approved by the President
of the United States, the commission of such offi-
cer shall be vacated: Provided always, That no
officer shall be eligible to sit on such board or
commission whose rank or promotion would in
any way be affected by its proceedings, and two
membcis at least, if practicable, shall be of equal
rank of the officer being examined. And when
vacancies occur in any of the companies of vol-
unteers, an election shall be called by the colonel
of the regiment to fill such vacancics, and the men
of each company shall vote in their respective
companies for all officers as high as captain, and
vacancics above captain shall be filled by the votes
of the commissioned officers of the regiment, and
all officers so elected shall be commissioned by
the respective Governors of the States, or by the
President of the United States.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That all let-
ters written by soldiers in the service of the Uni-
ted States may be transmitted through the maiis
without prepayment of postage, under such reg-
ulations as the Post Office Department may pre-
scribe, the postage thereon to be paid by the
recipients.
Sec. 12. And be it further eriacled, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to introduce among the volunteer
forces in the scrvicc of the United States, the sys-
tem of allotment tickets now used in the Navy,
or some equivalent system, by which the family
of the volunteer may draw such portions of his
pay as he may request.
Approved, July 22, 1863.
Chap. X.—An Act authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to remit Fines and Penalties in-
curred in certain cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the person or persons entitled to receive
the same, the amount of such fines or penalties as
have been incurred and paid by the owners or
masters of vessels since the first day of December,
eighteen hundred and sixty, in consequence of
their failure* to produce to collectors of the cus-
toms the clearances or other papers prescribed
and required by the laws of the United States
regulating the issue of marine papers, and the
foreign and coasting trades: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be satisfied in
each case that there was no willful negligence, or
any intention of fraud on the part of the person
or persons incurring the fines or penalties afore-
said, and that they were unable to obtain the re-
quisite papers, by reason of there being no officer
of the customs at the port.of departure authorized
to issue marine papers, or to grant clearances
under the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, author-
ized to pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the person or per-
sons entitled to receive the same, the sum' ot five
hundred dollars, that being the amount of a fine
improperly exacted by the collector of the customs
at the port of Norfolk, Virginia, in the month of
November, eighteen hundred and sixty, of the
master of the India, a Russian vessel.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thattho Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, author-
ized to remit, in whole or in part, on such condi-
tions, and under such regulations,not inconsistent
with law, as he may prescribe, the additional duty
secured by the bond given for the transportation
of merchandise from a port in one collection dis-
trict to a port in another collection district, pre-
scribed by the sixth section of the act entitled " An
act to extend the warehousing system by estab-
lishing private bonded warehouses, and for other
purposes," approved the. twenty-eighth day of
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-lour: Provided,
That it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of theTrcasurv that the failure to trans-
portand deliver'thc merchandise aforesaid accord-
ing to the conditions of the bond, occurred without
willful negligence or fraudulent intent on the part
of the obltgois.
Approved, July 24, 1861.
Ciiap. XI.—An Act making additional Appropri-
ations for sundry Ciwl Expenses of the Gov-
ernment. for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and Ap-
propriations of Arrearages for the year ending
thirtieth of Juno, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ike United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of J une, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
viz:
For purchase or construction Qfsteam or sailing
revenue cutteis, cquiping the same, and expenses
connected therewith, four hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For repair of the Potomac, Navy Yard, and
upper bridges, and the roads appurtenant thereto,
ten thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol water-closets,
public stables, water-pipes, broken glass, and
locks, one thousand dollars.
For fuel, m part, of the President's House, six
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor,one thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Al-
lowing sums be, and they are hereby, appropri-
ated, in like manner:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
twenty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, twenty-five thousand dollars.
„ For publication -in pamphlet form and in the
newspapers of the States and Territories the laws
of the first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
nine thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, in like manner, for the year ending the
thirtieth of June,eighteen hundred and sixty-one:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House,
the public grounds around them, and around the
executive offices, eight thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor, four hundred dol-
lars.
. Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury are
hereby directed to allow to Asbury Dickens, late
Secretary of the Senate, in the settlement of his
accounts, credit for a payment to Mrs. E. A.
Richardson, of four hundred dollars, under a res-
olution of the Senate of the second of March, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, July 24,1861.
Chap. XII.—An Actin relation toforwardingSol-
diers' Letters.
Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
asse7nbled, That all prepaid letters to soldiers in
any regiment in the service of the United States,
and directed to them at a point where they have
been stationed, may be forwarded, whenever
practicable, to any other point to which they may
have been ordered, without further charge thereon.
Approved, July 24, 1861.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to provide for the tempo-
rary increase of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That for and during the present insur-
rection the Secretary of the Navy shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized to hire, purchase, or
contract for such vessels as may be necessary for
the temporary increase of the Navy of the United
States, and he is also hereby authorized to furnish
any vessel or vessels which may be purchased or
contracted for, with such ordn^lfce, ordnance
stores, and munitions of war, as may be necessary
to enable such vessel or vessels to render the most
efficient service, pursuant to the orders which
maybe given to their respective commanders.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further cnacted, That the tem-
porary appointments made, or which may be
made, by the Secretary of the Navy, of acting
lieutenants, acting paymasters, aciii £ assistant
surgeons, acting masters, and masters' mates, are
hereby ratified and confirmed as temporal y acting
appointments, until the return of the vessels in
which they arc respectively employed, or until
the suppression of the present insurrection, as
may be deemed necessary; and the rate of com-
pensation allowed for the several grades specified
is hereby legalized and approved.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of carrying into effect the foregoing act,
and to suppress piracy, and render more eftecti\e
the closing of the ports of the insurgents, there
be appropriated and placed at the disposal of the
Navy Department the sum of three millions of
dollars.
Approved, July 24,1861.
Ciiap. XVII.—An Act in addition to the Act to
authorize the employment of Volunteers to aid
in enforcing the Laws and protecting Public
Property, appioved July twenty-second, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCcngrcss
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the
services of volunteers, either as cavalry, infantry,
or artillery, in such numbers as the exigencies of
the public service may in his opinion demand,
to be organized as authorized by the act of the
twenty-second of July, eighteen hundied and
