30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 27,
37th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical En-
gineers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest
Executive Building:
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
Mint of the United States at Philadelphia.
For transportation of bullion from assay office
to the Mipt for coinage, forty thousand four hun-
dred and seventy-four dollars and eighty-three
cents.
Independent Treasury.
For increased establishment of office, of Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States at New York,
seven thousand two hundred" dollars; being for
additional clerks and compensation to clerks in
said office.
For additional compensation of clerk of Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States at St. Louis,
three hundred dollars.
government of the territories.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nevada.
For salaries of govei nor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand seven hunt!red dollars.
Fur contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollar*.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dolku s.
For compensation of the district attorney for
the Territory of Dakota, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For compensation of the district attorney for
the Territoiy of Nevada, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For compensation of the marshal for the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the marshal for the Ter-
ritory of Nevada, two hundred dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of the
Territory of Colorado, fuel, furniture, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, two
thousand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of the
Territory of Nevada, furniture, fuel, books, sta-
tionery, and other incidental expenses, two thou-
sand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of the
Territory of Dakota, furniture, fuel, books, sta-
tionery, and other incidental expenses, two thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys, two
thousand five bundled dollars.
For incidental expenses of the seveial land
offices, two thousand dollars.
For the support and maintenance of the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, five thousand
dollars.
For the pay of eightadditional first-class clerks
in the Na\y Department, nine thousand six bun-
dled dollais.
For the salary of Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, four thousand two hundred dollars.
For the yearly compensation of the two labor-
ers employed m the library of Congress, which
is hereby fixed at five hundred dollars each, be-
ginning July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, one thousand dollars.
Sr.c. 2. And be it further enacted* That the fol-
lowing sum be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, m like manner, for the year ending the
thiitieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
For the support and maintenance of the peni-
tentiary in the District of Columbia, seven thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-one dollars and
eighty cents.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the sum
of ten thousand one hundred and fifty dollars
appropriated for the contingent expenses of the
office of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department, in "An act makingappropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two," approved February twentieth, eigh-
teen hundred "and sixty-one, shall be applied, so
far as may be necessary, to pay for stationery,
horse for the use of the office, lights, washing,
towels, ice, and miscellaneous items, in addition
to the items mentioned in said appropriation.
Approved, July 27, 1861.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act to provide for the pay-
ment of the Police organized by the United
States for the City of Baltimore, and to enable
the Mint to furnish small Gold Coins, an<f to
provide for the manufacture or purchase of
Field Signals.
Be it cnacled by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That for the maintenance of said police
there is hereby appropriated, out of«my money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 52. And be it farther enacted, That of said
sum not more than twenty thousand dollars shall
be expended in any one month for said purpose,
and that the same shall cease when tin; said police
are dismissed from service by the United States:
Jlnd provided, That the disbursements of the
amount hereby allowed shall be made only with
the sanction and by the authority of the com-
manding general of that military department.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there be
and hereby is appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the fol-
lowing sums, viz:
To enable ihe Mint to furnish such small gold
coins as may be irquned foi the public service,
forty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
For the manufacture or purchase of apparatus
and equipments for field signals, five thousand
dollars.
Approved, July 27, 1861.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to increase the present
Military Establishment of the United States.
Ik it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall bo added to the regu-
lar Army, as now authorized by law, nine regi-
ments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and
one regiment of artillery; each regiment of in-
fantry to consist of not less than two nor more
tlmn thicc battalions, as the exigencies of the
public service may, in the opinion of the Prcs-
jdontof the United States, demand; each battal-
ion to consist of eight companies; each company
to consist of* one captain, one first and one sec-
ond lieutenant, one first sergeant, four sergeants,
eight corporals, two musicians, and as many pri-
vates, not exceeding eighty-two, as the President
of the United States may, according to the re-
quirements of military service, direct. The regi-
ment of cavahy hcieby authored shall consist
of not more than three battalions of not more than
two squadrons each; and each squadron shall
consist of two companies, each company to bo
composed of one captain, one first and one second
lieutenant, one first sergeant, one quartermaster-
sergeant, four sergeants, eight corporals, two
musicians, two farriers, one saddler, one wagoner,
and as many privates, not exceeding seventy-
two, as the President of the United States may,
according to the lequirements of the military ser-
vice, direct. The regiment of artillery hereby
authorized shall consist of not more than twelve
batteries; and each battery shall consist of one
captain, one first and one second lieutenant, one
first sergeant, one quartermaster-sergeant, four
sergeants, eight corporals, two musicians, two
artificers, one wagoner, and as many privates,
not exceeding one hundred 'and twenty-two, as
the President of the United States may, accord-
ing to the requirements of the military service,
direct. And there may He added to the aforesaid
battery organization, at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, having due regard to the public necessities
and means, one first and one second lieutenant,
two sergeants, and four corporals.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the field
and staff commissioned and non-commissioned
officers of the regiments hereinbefore authorised
shall be as follows: To each regiment of infantry,
one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one regimental
adjutant, one regimental quartermaster and com-
missary, one drum major, or leader of the band,
and two principal musicians; and to each battalion
of infantry, one major, one battalion adjutant,
one battalion quartermaster and commissary, one
sergeant-major, one quartefmaster-sergeant, one
commissary sergeant, and one hospital-steward;
the regimental and battalion adjutants, and quar-
termasters and commissaries, to be taken from
the lieutenants of the regiments and battalions,
respectively: To the regiment of cavalry, one
colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one regimental
adjutant, one regimental quartermaster and com-
missary, and two chief buglers; and to each bat-
talion of cavalry, one major, one battalion adju-
tant, one battalion quartermaster and commis-
sary, one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-ser-
geant, one commissary-sergeant, one hospital-
steward, one saddler sergeant, and one veterinary
sergeant; the regimental adjutant and the regi-
mental and battalion quaitermastcrsand commis-
saries to be taken from the lieutenants of the
regiments and battalions, respectnely: To the
regiment of artillery, one colonel, one lieutenant-
colonel, one major to every four batteries, one
adjutant, one regimental quartermaster and com-
missary, to be taken from the lieutenants of the
regiment, one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-
sergeant, one corrfmissary-sergeant, two princi-
pal musicians, and one hospital-steward; and the
bands of the regular regiments shall consist of
not more than twenty-four musicians for each
regiment of infantry and artillery, and sixteen
musicians for each regiment of mounted troops.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added to the Army of the United States
the following general officers, namely: Four ma-
jor-generals, with three aides-de-camp each, to
be taken from captains or lieutenants of the Army,
and six brigadier-generals, with two aides-de-
camp each, to be taken from the lieutenants of
the Army.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers and enlisted men raised in pursuance of the
foregoing sections shall receive the same pay,
emoluments,and allowances, and be on the same
footing, in .every respect, with those of corre-
sponding grades and corps now in the regular
service. The regimental bands will be paid as
follows: one fourth of each, the pay and allow-
ances of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one fourth,
those of corporals of engineer soldiers; and one
half, those of engineer soldiers of the fust clas>s.
The drum-major, or leader of the band, the pay
and emoluments of a second lieutenant of infan-
try. The saddler sergeants, vcteiinary sergeants,
company quartermaster-sergeants, and drum-ma-
jors, will receivc the pay and allowances of ser-
geants of cavalry. The battalion adjutant and
battalion quartermasters and commissaries will
receive the emoluments now provided bylaw for
regimental adjutants.
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted, That the term
of enlistments made and to be made m the yeais
eighteen hundred and sixty-one and eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, in the regular Army, in-
cluding the force authorized by this act, shall be
for the period of three years, and those to be
made after January one, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, shall be for the term of five years, as
at present authouzed, and that the men enlisted
in the regular forces, after the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall be entitled
to the same bounties, in every respect, as those
allowed or to be allowed to the men of the vol-
unteer forces.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the in-
crease of the military establishment created or
authorized by this act is declared to be for ser-
