1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....1st Sess,
vice during the existing insurrection and rebellion;
and within one year after the constitutional au-
thority of the Government of the United States
shall be reestablished, and organized resistance to
such authority shall no longer exist, the military
establishment may be reduced to a number not
exceeding twenty-five thousand men, unless oth-
erwise ordered by Congress.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States shall cause regiments,
battalions, and companies to be disbanded, and
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates to be discharged, so as to reduce the
military establishment as is provided by the pre-
ceding section: Provided, That all of the officers
of the regular Army who have been or may be
detached or assigned to duty for service in any
other regiment or corps shall resume their posi-
tions in the regular Army, and shall be entitled
to the same rank, promotion, and emoluments as
if they had continued to serve in their own regi-
ments or corps.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the en-
listments for the regiments authorized by this act
shall be in charge of the officers detailed for that
purpose who are appointed to said regiments from
civil life; and that in the mean tune the officers
appointed to the same from the regular Army
shall be detailed by the commanding general to'
such service in the volunteer regiments now in the
field as will, in his judgment, give them the great-
est military instruction and efficiency; and that
the commanding general may, in his discretion,
employ said officers with any part of the regular
forces now in the field until the regiments author-
ized by this act shall have been fully recruited,
and detail any of the officers now in the regular
Army to service with the volunteer regiments now
in the field, or which may hereafter be called out,
with such rank as may be offered them in said
volunteer regiments, for the purpose of imparting
to them military instruction and efficiency.
Approved, July 29, 18G1.
Chap. XXV.—An Act to provide for the Sup-
pression of Rebellion against and Resistance to
the laws of the United States, and to amend the
Act entitled "An Act to provide for calling forth
the Militia to execute the laws of the Union,"
&c., passed February twenty-eight, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America ill Congress
assembled, That whenever, by reason of unlawful
obstructions, combinations, or assemblages of per-
sons, or rebellion against the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, it shall become im-
practicable, in the judgment of the Piesident of
the United States, to enforce, by the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings, the laws of the
United States within any State or Territory of the
United States, it shall be lawful for the President
of the United States to call forth the militia of any
or all the States of the Union, and to employ such
parts of the land and naval forces of tho-United
States as he may deem necessary to enforce the
faithful execution ofthe laws of the United States,
or to suppress such rebellion in whatever State or
Territory thereof the laws of the United States
m..y be foicibly opposed, or the execution thereof
forcibly obstructed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever, in the judgment of the President, it may be
necessary to use the military force hereby directed
to be employed and called forth by him, the Pres-
ident shall forthwith, by proclamation, command
such insurgents to disperse and retire peaceably
to their respective abodes, within a limited time.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the mi-
litia so called into the sei vice of the United States
shall be subject to the same rules and articles of
war as the troops of the United States, and be
continued in the service of the United States until
discharged by proclamation of the President; Pro-
vided, That such continuance in service shall not
extend beyond sixty days after the commence-
ment of the next regular session of Congress,
unless Congress shall expressly provide by law
theiefor: And provided further, That the militia
so called into the service of the United States
shall, during their time of service, be entitled to
the same pay, rations, and allowances for cloth-
ing, as are or may be established by law for the
Army of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every
officer, non-commissioned officer, or private of
the militia, who shall fail to obey the orders of
the President of the United States in any of the
cases before recited, shall forfeit a sum not ex-
ceeding one year's pay, and not less than one
month's pay, to be determined and adjudged by
a court-martial; and such officcr shall be liable to
be cashiered by a sentence of court-martial, and
be incapacitated from holding a commission in
the militia for a term not exceeding twel ve months,
at the discretion of the court; and such non-com-
missioned officer and private shall be liable to lm-
piisonmcn(,.by a like sentence, on failure of pay-
ment of the fines adjudged against them, for one
calendar month for every twenty-five dollars of
such fine.
Sec. 5. And be it farther en/tcted, That courts-
martial for the trial of militia shall be composed
of militia officers only.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all fines
to be assessed as aforesaid shall be certified by
the presiding officer ofthe court-martial, and shall
bo collected and paid over according to the pro-
visions and in the manner prescribed by the sev-
enth and eighth sections of the act of February
twenty-eight, seventeen hundred and ninety-five,
to which this is an amendment.
Sen. 7. And be it further enacted, That the mar-
shals of the several districts of the United States,
and their deputies, shall have the same powers in
executing the laws of the United States as sheriffs
and their deputies in the several States have by
law in executing the laws of the respective States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That sections
two, three, and four of the act entitled " An act
to provide for calling forth the militia to cxecutc
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections,
and repel invasions, and to repeal the act now in
force for those purposes," approved February
twenty-eight, seventeen bundled and ninety-five,
and so much ofthe residue of said act and of all
other acts as conflict with this act, are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, July 29, 1861.
Ciiap. XXVII.—An Actauthorizing the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and fixing the Salary of the same, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United Statesof America in Congress
assembled, That the President shall appoint, in
the Department of the Secretary of the Navy, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
competent person, who shall be called the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy, whose salary shall be
four thousand dollars, payable in the same man-
ner as the salary of the Secretary of the Navy,
who shall perform all such duties in the office of
the Secretary of the Navy, belonging to that De-
partment, as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Navy, or as may be required by law, and
who shall act as Secretary of the Navy in the
absence of that officer.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be
added to the clerical force of the Navy Depart-
ment eight additional clerks, with a salary of
twelve hundred dollars each per annum.
Approved, July 31, 18G1.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act making an Appropria-
tion to pay the expenses of transporting and
delivering Arms anil Munitions of War to the
loyal Citizens of the Statesof which the inhab-
itants now are or hereafter maybe in Rebellion
against the Government of the United States,
and to provide for the expense of organizing
them into Companies, Battalions, Regiments,
or otherwise, for their own protection against
domestic Violence, Insurrection, Invasion, or
Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two millions of dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended, under the direction of
the President of the United States, in supplying
and defraying the expenses of transporting and
delivering such arms and munitions of war as in
his judgment may be expedient and proper to
place in the hands of any of the loyal citizens
residing in any of the States of which the inhab-
itants are in rebellion against the Government of
the United States, or in which rebellion js or may
be threatened, and likewise for defraying such
expenses as may be properly incurred in organ-
izing and sustaining, while so organized, any of
said citizens in to companies, battalions, regiments,
or otherwise, for their own protection against do-
mestic violence, insurrection, invasion, or rebel-
lion.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act making an Appropria-
tion for the purchase of Arms for the Volun-
teers and Regular Troops of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of ten millions of dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended under the direction of the
President of the United States, for the purchase
of arms for the use of the volunteers ana regular
troops of the United States.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
Chap. XXX.—An Act providing a Commission
to examine and report as to the Compensation
of all Officers of the Government, ana for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of scaling, equal-
izing, and reducing the compensation of the va-
rious officers of the Government, a Board of Com-
missioners is hereby organized, to be composed
as follows; Of two members of the Senate, to be
appointed by the Presiding Officer of the Senate;
three members of the House of Representatives,
to be appointed by the Speaker of the House;
one officer of the Navy and one officer of the
Army, to be appointed by the President. That
said Hoard shall examine and report, as soon as
practicable: first, a fair and just compensation for
each officer of the Government; second, such pro-
visions of law as will regulate the expenditure of
all indefinite and contingent appropriations, in-
cluding those for the courts of the United States;
third, regulations for the more economical collec-
tion of the revenue; fourth, what officers or em-
ployments, if any, may be dispensed with without
detriment to the public service.
Sec . 2. And be il further enacted, That said Com-
mission have leave to report by bill or bills, or
otherwise, to each House at the next session of
Congress, and have leave to employ a clerk, at a
compensation not to exceed four dollars per day
for the time actually needed.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
Ciiap. XXXI.—An Act to increase the Medical
Corps of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the mcdical corps of the Navy
shall consist of eighty surgeons, and one hun-
dred and twenty passed and other assistant sur-
geons.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act in addition to an Act
entitled " An Act further to provide for the col-
lection of Duties on Imports, and for other
purposes," approved July thirteenth, A. D.
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the power of the President to de-
clare the inhabitants of any State, or any part
thereof, in a state of insurrection, as provided in
the fifth section of the act to which this is an ad-
dition, shall extend to and include the inhabitants
of any State, or part thereof, where such insur-
rection against the United States shall be found
by the President at any time to exist.
Approved, July 31, 1861.
