1861.] APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong.... 1st Se®.
withdrawn in three years, to be regarded as aban-
doned to the Government, and sold under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, and the proceeds paid into the Treas-
ury: Provided, That merchandise upon which the
owner may have neglected to pay duties within
three months from the time of its deposit may be
withdrawn and entered for consumption at any
time within two years of the time of its deposit
upon the payment of the legal duties, with an
atldition of twenty-five per centum thereto: Pro-
vided, also, That merchandise upon which duties
have been paid, if exported to a forei'gn country
within three years, shall be entitled to return
duties, proper evidence of such merchandise hav-
ing been landed abroad to be furnished to the
collector by the, importer, one per centum of said
duties to be retained by the Government.
Sec. G. ./I: id be it further enacted, That the act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment of
outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved March two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, be, and the same is hereby,
amended as follows—that is to say: first, in sec-
tion six, article first,after the words'' in cordials
and," strike out " liquors"and insert" liqueurs;"
second, in the same section, after the word "rep-
resent," insert, " Provided also, That no lower
rate or amount of duty shall be levied, collected,
and paid on brandy, spirits, and all other spirit-
uous beverages, than that now fixed by law for
the description of first proof, but shall be increased
in proportion for any greater strength than the
strength of first proof;" third, in section seven,
clause fifth, the words "on screws, washed or
plated, and all other screws, of iron or any other
metal," shall be stricken out, and the words " on
screws of any other metal than iron" shall be
inserted; fourth,section twelve, article first, after
the words "eighteen cents," where they, first
occur, insert "or less;" fifih, section thirteen,
article second, after the word "manufacturer,"
insert " except hosiery;" sixth, in the same sec-
tion, article third, strike out " wool" wherever it
occurs, and insert in each place " worsted;" sev-
enth, in section fourteen, article first, after the
words "ten per centum," insert "ad valorem;"
eighth, in section fifteen, before the word " yarns",
insert " hemp;" in the same section, after the
word " sheetings" insert" of flax or hemp;"and
strike out"jutegoods,"andin lieu thereof insert
"jute yarns;" ninth, in section twenty-two, strike
out the words " unwrought clay, three dollars per
ton;" tenth, in section nineteen, strike out" com-
positions of glass or paste not set, intended for
use by jewelers;" eleventh, in section twenty-
two, strike out " compositions of glass or paste,
when set;" twelfth, in section twenty-three, ar-
ticle sheathing metal, strike out " yard" and in-
sert " foot."
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed:
Provided, That the existing laws shall extend to,
and be in force for, the collection of the duties
imposed by this act for the prosecution and pun-
ishment of all offenses, and for the recovery, col-
lection, distribution, and remission of all fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectually
as if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture, pro-
vision, clause, matter, and thing to that effect in
the existing laws contained, had been inserted m
and reenactcd by this act.
Sec. 8. «/J nd be it farther enacted, That a direct
tax of twenty millions of dollars be, and is hereby,
annually laid upon the United States, and the
same shall be, and is hereby, apportioned to the
States, respectively, m manner following:
To the State ofMaine, four hundred and twenty
thousand eight hundred and twenty-six dollars.
To the State of New Hampshire, two hundred
and eighteen thousand four hundred and six and
two third dollars.
To the State of Vermont, two hundred and
eleven thousand and sixty-eight dollars.
To the State of Massachusetts, eight hundred
and twenty-four thousand five hundred and eigh-
ty-one and one third dollars.
To the State of Rhode Island, one hundred and
sixteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-three
and two third dollars.
To the State of Connecticut, three hundred and
eight thousand two hundred and fourteen dol-
lars.
To the State of New York, two million six
hundred and three thousand nine hundred and
eighteen and two third dollars.
To the State of New Jersey, four hundred and
fifty thousand one hundred and thirty-four dol-
lars.
To the State of Pennsylvania, one million nine
hundred and forty-six thousand seven hundred
and nineteen and one third dollars.
To the State of Delaware, seventy-four thou-
sand six hundred and eighty-three and one third
dollars.
To the State of Maryland, four hundred and
thirty-six thousand eight hundred and twenty-
three and one third dollars.
To the State or Virginia, nine hundred and
thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty and
two third dollars.
To the State of North Carolina, five hundred
and seventy-six thousand one hundred and nine-
ty-four and two third dollars.
To the State of South Carolina, three hundred
and sixty-three thousand five hundred and sev-
enty and two third dollars.
To the State of Georgia, five hundred and eigh-
ty-four thousand three hundred and sixty-seven
and one third dollars.
To the State of Alabama, five hundred and
twenty-nine thousand three hundred and thirteen
and one third dollars.
To the State of Mississippi, four hundred and
thirteen thousand eighty-four and two third dol-
lars.
To the State of Louisiana, three hundred and
eighty-five thousand eight hundred and eighty-
six and two third dollars.
To the State of Ohio, one million five hundred
and sixty-seven thousand eighty-nine and one
third dollars.
To the State of Kentucky, seven hundred and
thirteen thousand six hundred and ninety-five
and one third dollars.
To the State of Tennessee, six hundred and
sixty-nine thousand four hundred and ninety-
eight dollars.
To the State of Indiana, nine hundred and four
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five and one
third dollars.
To the State of Illinois, one million one hun-
dred and forty-six thousand five hundred and fif-
ty-one and one third dollars.
To the State of Missouri, seven hundred and
sixty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-
seven and one third dollars.
To the State of Kansas, seventy-one thousand
seven hundred and forty-three and one third dol-
lars.
To the State of Arkansas, two hundred and
sixty-one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six
dollars.
To the State of Michigan, five hundred and one
thousand seven hundred and sixty-three and one
third dollars.
To the State of Florida, seventy-seven thou-
sand five hundred and twenty-two and two third
dollars.
To the State of Texas, three hundred and fifty-
five thousand one hundred and six and two third
dollars.
To the State of Iowa, four hundred and fifty-
two thousand and eighty-eight dollars.
To the State of Wisconsin, five hundred and
nineteen thousand six hundred and eighty-eight
and two third dollars.
To the State of California, two hundred and
fifty-four thousand five hundred and thirty-eight
and two third dollars.
To the State of Minnesota, one hundred and
eight thousand five hundred and twenty-four
dollars.
To the State of Oregon, thirty-five thousand
one handled and forty and two thiid dollars.
To the Territory of New Mexico, sixty-two
thousand six hundred and forty-eight dollars.
To the Territory of Utah, twenty-six thousand
nine hundred and eighty-two dollars.
To the Territory of Washington, seven thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-five and one third
dollais.
To the Territory of Nebraska, nineteen thou-
sand three hundred aiid twelve dollars.. ..
To the Territory of Nevada, four thousand five
hundred and ninety-two and two third dollars.
To the Territory of Colorado, twenty-two thou-
sand nine hundred and jive and one third dollars.'
To the Territory of Dakota, throe thousand
two hundred and forty-one and one third'dollars.
To the District of Columbia, forty-nine thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-seven and one third
dollars.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That for the
purpose of assessing the above tax arid collocting
the same, the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized to divide, respect-
ively, the States and Territories of the United
States and the District of Columbia into conveni-
ent collection districts, and to nominate and, by
and with the advice of the Senate, to appoint an
assessor and a collector for each such district, who
shall be freeholders and resident within the same:
Provided, That any of said States and Territories,
as well as the District of Columbia, may, if the
President shall deem it proper, be erected into one
district: And provided further, That the appoint-
ment of said assessors and collectors, or any of
them, shall not be made until on or the sec-
ond Tuesday in February, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That before
any such collector shall enter upon the duties of
his office, he shall execute a bond for such amount
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, with sureties to be approved as suffi-
cient by the Solicitor of the Treasury, containing
the condition that said collector shall justly and
faithfully account for to the United States, and
pay over, in compliance with the order or regu-
lations of the Secretary of the Treasury, all public
moneys which may come into his hands or pos-
session ; which bond shall be filed in the office of
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, to be by
him directed to be put in suit upon any breach of
the condition thereof. And such collectors shall,
from time to time, renew, strengthen, and in-
crease their, official "bonds, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct.
Sec. 1]. And be it farther enacted. That each of
the assessors shall divide his district into a con-
venient number of assessment districts, within
each of which he shall appoint one respectable
freeholder, to be assistant assessor; and each as-
sessor and assistant assessor so appointed, and
accepting the appointment, shall, before he enters
on the duties of his appointment, take and sub-
scribe before some competent magistrate, or some
collector, to bo appointed by this act, (who is
hereby empowered to administer the same,) the
following oath or affirmation, to wit: "I, A B,
do swear, or affirm, [as the case may be,] that i
will, to the best of my knowledge, skill, and
judgment, diligently and faithfully execute the
office and duties of assessor for, [naming the
assessment district,] without favor or partiality,
and that I will do equal right and justice in every
case in which I shall act as assessor." And a
certificate of such oath or affirmation-shall be
delivered to the collector of the district for which
such assessor or assistant assessor shall be ap-
pointed. And every assessor or assistant assessor
acting in the said office without having taken the
said oath or.affirmation shall forfeit and pay one
hundred dollars, one moiety thereof to the use
of the United States, and the other moiety thereof
to him who shall first sue for the same; to be re-
covered, with costs of suitrin any court having
competent jurisdiction. I
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted,That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall establish regulations
suitable and nesessary'for carrying this act into
effect, which regulations shall be binding on each
assessor and his assistants in the performance of
the duties enjoined by or under Shis act, and shall
also frame instructions for the said assessors and
their assistants; pursuant to which instructions
the said assessors shall, on the first day of March
next, direct, and cause the several assistant as-
sessors in the district to inquire after and con-
cerning all lands, lots of ground, with their
improvements, buildiugs, and dwelling-houses,
made liable to taxation under this act, by refer-
ence as well to any lists of assessment or collec-
