42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
37th Com.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
draught and great speed; and that forthe purpose
aforesaid twelve hundred thousand dollars be,
and the same hereby is, appropriated.
Approved, August 5, 1861.
Chap. LIY.—An Act making Appropriations for
Fortifications, and for other purposes.
■Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars for contingencies of fortifications,
to be used and applied under the direction, of the
Secretary of "War.
-Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
commissioned officer of the Army, Navy, or ma-
rine corps, who,having tendered his resignation,
shall, prior to due notice of the acceptance of the
same by the proper authority,and without leave,
quit his post or proper duties with the intent to
remain permanently absent there from,.shall be
registered as a deserter, and punished as such.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That flogging
as a punishment in the Army is hereby abol-
ished.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That for re-
moving stables and other obstructions from the
grounds around the Washington Infirmary, used
as an Army hospital, and grading said grounds
to securc proper drainage of the same, the sum
of five thousand dollars be, and the same is here-
by, appropriated, to be expended under the di-
rection of the surgeon general of the United States
Army.
Approved, August 5,1861.
Ciiap. LV.—An Act in relation to the office of
Attorney of the United States for the Southern
District of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid to the attorney
of the United Status for the southern district of
JN"cw York, quarterly, a salaiy at tiie late uf six
thousand dollars per annum, and such additional
sum as shall be necessary, together with the costs
and fees now allowed by law, to pay such amount
as shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior
for the proper expenses of the office, including
salaries of assistants and clerks.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ac-
counts of said attorney, from and after the fourth
day of April last, shall be adjusted and settled in
the same manner as the same would have been
adjusted and settled had this act been in operation
on and after that day.
Approved, August 6, 1863.
Chap. LYI.—An Act to punish certain Crimes
against the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stalcb of America in Congress
assembled, That if any person shall be guilty of
the act of recruiting soldiers or sailors in any State
or Territory of the United States to engage in
armed hostility against the United States, or who
shall open a recruiting station for the enlistment
of such persons, either as regulars or volunteers,
to serve as aforesaid, shall be guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and upon conviction in any court
of record having jurisdiction of the offense, shall
be fined a sum nut le^s than two hundred dollars
nor more than one thousand dollars,and confined
and imprisoned for a period not less than one
jjear nor more than five years.
Sec. 2. And be it further enaclcd, That the per-
son so enlisted, or engaged as regular or volun-
teer, shall he fined in a like manner a sum of one
hundred dollars, and impi isoned not less than one
nor more than three years.
Approved, August C, lfc'61.
Ciiap. LYII.—An Act to promote the efficiency
of the Engineer and Topographical Engineer
Corps, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives^' the Un ited States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shaii be added to each of the
corps of engineers, and topographical engineers,
by regular promotion of their present officers,
two lieutenant colonels and four majors.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added to the corps of topographical en-
gineers one company of soldiers, to be commanded
by appropriate officers of said corps, to have the
same pay and rations, clothing, and other allow-
ances, and to be entitled to the same benefits in
every respect as the company created by the act
for trie organization of a company of sappers and
miners, and pontoniers, approved May sixteenth,
[fifteenth,] eighteen hundred and forty-six. The
said company shall be subject to the rules and
articles of war, and shall have the same organi-
zation as the companies of engineer soldiers at-
tached to the corps of engineers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That vacan-
cies hereafter occurring among the commissioned
officers of the volunteer regiments shall be filled
by the Governors of the States respectively in the
same manner as original appointments. And so
much of the tenth section of the act approved
July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, as is inconsistent herewith be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to aj5point two additional inspectors general
for the United States Army; said inspectors gen-
eral to have the same rank and receive the same
pay and allowances as now provided by law for
inspectors geneial.
Sec. 5. And bell further enacted, That so much
of the first section of the act approved August
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, as author-
izes the appointment of civilians to superintend
the national armories be,and the same is hereby,
repealed, and that the superintendents of these
armories shall be appointed hereafter from offi-
cers of the ordnance department.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Ciiap. LV1II.—An Act to authorize an Increase
in the Corps of Engineers and Topographical
Engineers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
scnlalivesofthe. United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be added to each of
the corps of engineers and topographical engi-
neers, by regular promotion of their present offi-
cers, two lieutenant colonels and four majois.
Sec. 2. And be il further enacted, That there
shall be added to the corps of topographical en-
gineers one company of soldiers, to be com-
manded by appropriate officers of said corps, to
have the same pay and rations, clothing, and other
allowances, and to be entitled to the same bene-
fits in every respect as the company cieated by
the act for the oignmzation of a company of sap-
pers and mineis and pontoniers, approved May
sixteenth, [fifteenth,] eighteen hundred and forty-
six. The said company shall be subject to the
rules and articles of war, and shall have the same
organization as the companies of engineer sol-
diers attached to the corps of engineers.
Sec. 3, And be il further enuctcd< That the
President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to appoint twoadditional inspectors general
of the United States Army, to ha\e the same lank
and receive tin: same pay and allowances as now
provided by law for inspectors geneial.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Cn\r. L1X.—An Act to provide for holding the i
District and CircuitCourts in Judicial Districts '
during a temporary vacancy oi the Judgeship, j
Be it, enactcd by the Senate and House of Ilepre- \
sentutivesof Ike United Stalesof Amcrica id'Congress '
assembled, That in case of a vacancy in the office
of dlstijet judge of any judicial district of the
United States in any Sta'ein which there are two
judicial districts, it shall be lawful for the distiict
judge of the other district in said State to hold the
district court or circuit court in case of sickness
or the absence of tiie circuit judge, and discharge
all the judicial duties of the district judge of such
vacant district so long-as such vacancy shall con-
tinue; and all the acts and proceedings in said
courts, or by or before the said district judge of
the adjoining district, shall have the same force,
effect, and validity as if done and transacted by
and before a judge appointed for such district.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Chap. LX—An Act to confiscate Property used
for Insurrectionary Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That if, during the present or any fu-
ture insurrection against the Government of the
United States, after the President of the United
States shall have declared, by proclamation, that
the laws of the United States are opposed, and. the
execution thereof obstructed,by combinations too
powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course
of judical proceedings, or by the power vested in
the marshals by law, any person or persons, his,
her, or their agent, attorney, or employe, shall
purchase or acquire, sell or give, any property
of whatsoever kind or description, with intent to
use or employ the same, or suffer the same to be
used or employed, in aiding, abetting, or promot-
ing such insurrection or resistance to the laws, or
any person or persons engaged therein; or if any
person or persons, being the owner or owners of
any such property, shall knowingly use or em-
ploy, or consent to the use or employment of the
same as aforesaid, all such property is hereby
declared ttfbe lawful subject of prize and capture
wherever found; and it shall be the duty of the
President of the United States to cause the same
to be seized, confiscated, and condemned.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That such
prizes and capture shall be condemned m the dis-
trict or circuit court of the United States having
jurisdiction of the amount, or in admiralty in any
district m which the same may be seized, or into
which they may bo taken and proceedings first
instituted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the At-
torney General, or any district attorney of the
United States in which said property may at the.
time be, may institute the proceedings of con-
demnation, and in such case they shall be wholly
for the benefit of the United States; or any person
may file an information with such attorney, in
which case the proceedings shall be for the use
of such informer and the United States in equal
parts.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever hereafter, during the present insurrection
against the Government of the United States,
any person claimcd to be held to labor or service
under the law of any State, shall be required or
permitted by the person to whom such labor or
service is claimcd to be due, or by the lawful agent
of such pei son, to take up arms against the United
States, or shall be required or permitted by the
person to whom fuch labor or service is claimed
to be due, or his lawful agent, to work or to be
employed in or upon any foit. navy-yard, dock,
armory, ship, intrenehmcnt, or in any military
or naval service whatsoever, against the Govern-
ment and lawful authority of the United Slates,
then, and in every such case, the peison to whom
such labor or service is claimed to be din; shall
foifcit his claim to such labor, any law of tiie
State or ot the Unih d States to the eoutrai y not-
withstanding. And whenever theicafier the pei-
son claiming such labor or service shall seek to
enforce his claim, if shall be a full and sufficient
answer to sifh chum that the person whose ser-
viceor labor is claimed had been employed in
hostile service against the Government of the Uni-
ted Suites, contrary to the provisions of tins act.
Approved, August G, 1861.
Cii\p. LXI.—An Act relative to Appeals to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That m all cases of appeal which have
been or may heieafter be duly taken by both par-
ties from the judgment or decree of any district or
circuit court to the Supreme Couit of the United
States, a transcript of the record filed in the Su-
preme Court of the United States by either party
on his appeal may be used on both appeals; and
whenever in such cases one record shall have
been, or may hereafter be, filed by either party
