1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37txi Cong....'1st Sess.
in the said Supreme Court, both appeals shall
be heard thereon by the court in the same manner
as if records had been filed by the appellants in
both cases.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the dis-
trict attorney of the United States of any district
in California may transcribe and certify to the
Supreme Court of the United States the records
of the district court of his proper district in all
land cases wherein the United States is a party,
upon which appeals have been or may be taken
to the Supreme Court of the United States; and
records so certified bysuch district attorney under
his hand, and filed in the Supreme Court of the
United States, shall be taken as true and valid
transcripts, to the same intent and purpose as if
certified by the clerk of the proper district court;
and the said district attorneys for the districts of
California shall be authorized to employ such
clerks, not exceeding three in number, as may be
necessary to transciibe such records, at a com-
pensation, for each of such clerks, not exceeding
one hundred and fifty dollars per month, which
shall be paid out of the appropriation for special
and other extraordinary expenses of California
land claims; and it shall be the duty of the clerk
of any district court in California, on request of
the district attorney of that district, to deliver to
him the records in the cases before-mentioned on
which appeals have been or may be taken, for the
purpose of having them transcribed; and upon
refusal or failure to do so, such clerk shall foi.1 it
and pay to the United States the sum of five thou-
sand dollars for each offense, to be recovered in
an action of debt in any court of competent juris-
diction; and such clerk shall, moreover, be inca-
pable of holding his said office of clerk, or any
office under the United States.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
Chap. LXII.—An Act to cieate a Metropolitan
Police District of the District of Columbia, and
0to establish a police therefor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerieain Congress
assembled, That the Corporations of Washington
and Georgetown, and the county of Washington,
outside of the limits of said corporations, are
hereby constituted, for the purposes of this act,
into one district, to be called " The Metropolitan
Police District of the District of Columbia."
Sec. 2. .find be it further enacted, That imme-
diately upon the passage of this act, and thereafter
from time to time, as required by this act, there
shall be appointed by the Piesident of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, five Commissioners of Police, who shall
be the chief officers of the said " Metropolitan
Police District," and whoshall severally possess
and perform therein the powers and duties au-
thorized and enjoined by this act. The said com-
missioners, together with the mayors of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, ex officio, shall
form the board of police for the said district, and
a majority of them shall constitute a quorum of
such board for the transaction of business.
Sec. 3. And beit farther enacted, That three of
said commissioners shall be appointed from the
city of Washington, one from Georgetown and
one from the county of Washington at large, for
tiie term of three years, and until their successors
are appointed and qualified, unless so oner removed
by the President. The said commissioners shall
meet at such time and place as may be designated
by the President of the United States; and after
being duly qualified, by taking and subscribing
an nails or affirmation before some peison duly
authoii/.ed to administer oaths m said district, to
suppoi t the Constitution of the United States, and
faithfully to discharge the duties ot his office, shall
proceed to discharge such duties as [are] pre-
scribed by this act.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the offi-
cers of the board of police shall be a president
and a treasurer, who shall each be selected fiom
among said commissioners by themselves, who
shall discharge such duties as Uie board may
prescribe. The treasurer shall give a bond, with
two sureties, to the satisfaction of said board,^in
the penal sum of ten thousand dollars, for the
faithful discharge of the duties of his office. The
board may also appoint a clerk, to hold his office
during the pleasure of the board, and to receive
a compensation to be fixed by the board, not to
exceed the rate of one thousand dollars per an-
num, and who shall perform such duties as may
be required by said board of police.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the board of police hereby consti-
tuted, at all times of the day and night, within
the boundaries of the said police district, to pre-
serve the public peace; to prevent crime, and ar-
rest offenders; to protect the rights of persons
and of property; to guard the public health; to
preserve order at every public election; to remove
nuisances existing in the public streets, roads,
alleys, highways, and other places; to provide a
proper police force at every fire, in order that
thereby the firemen and property may be pro-
tected; to protect strangers and travelers at steam-
boat and ship landings and railway stations; to
see that all laws relating to the observance of
Sunday, and regarding pawnbrokers, mock auc-
tions, elections, gambling, intemperance, lottery
dealers, vagrants, disorderly persons, and the
public health, are promptly enforced, and to en-
force and obey all laws and ordinances of the
city councils of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown which are properly applicable to
police or health, and not inconsistent" with the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the du-
ties of the board of police shall be more espe-
cially executed under the direction and control
of said board, and according to rules and regu-
lations which it is hereby authorized to pass,
from time to time,forthe proper government and
discipline of its subordinate officers, by a police
force for the whole of said police district, and au-
thorized to do duty in any part thereof, without
regard to residence or corporation lines.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
police force shall consist of a superintendent of
police, ten sergeants of police, and such number
of police patrolmen as the board may deem ne-
cessary, not exceeding, for the regular service,
one hundred and fifty. The said offices hereby
created for the said police force shall be severally
filled by appointment from the board of police;
and each person so appointed shall hold office
only during such time as he shall faithfully*ob-
serve and execute all the rules and regulations of
the said board, the laws of the United States, and
the laws or ordinances existing within the dis-
trict, enacted by the city or county authorities
within the same, and which laws or ordinances
apply to such part of the district where the mem-
bers of the police force may be on duty.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the qual-
ifications, enumeration, and distribution of duties,
mode of trial, and removal from office, of each,
officer of said police force shall be particularly
defined and prescribed by rules and regulations
of the board of police, in accordance with the
Constitution and laws of the United States appli-
cable thereto: Provided, however, That no person
shall be so appointed to office, or hold office in
the police force aforesaid, who cannot read and
write the English language, or who is not a citi-
zen of the United States, <jr who shall ever have
been indicted and convicted of crime: And pro-
vided, That no person shall be removed therefrom
except upon written charges preferred against
him to the board of police, and after an oppor-
tunity shall have been afforded hnu of being
heaid m his defense.
Sec. 9. And be it farther cnactid, That the mem-
bers of the said police force shall possess, m every
; pai t of the District of Cokwnbia, all the common
law and statutory powers of constables, except
I for the service of civil process; and any warrant
i for search or arrest, issued by any magistrate of
: said District of Columbia, may be executed in
any part of said District by any member of said
police force, without any backing or indorsement
. of the said warrant, and according to the terms
H thereof; and all the provisions of law in relation
1! to the giving and taking of bail in said District
li shall apply to this act. The superintendent of
li police and the sergeants of police, having just
i' cause to suspect that any felony has been, or is
1 bein-, oris about to be, aommitted within any
II building, or on board of any ship, boat, or vessel
withip the said District, may enter upon the satlffe
at all hours of day or night, to take all necessary
measures for the effectual prevention or detection
of all felonies, and may take then and there .into
custody all persons suspected of being concerned '
in such felonies, and also may take charge of all
property which he or they shall have then arid
there just cause to suspect has been stolen.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the
board of police may divide -the said District into
precincts, not exceeding ten, and may assign one
sergeant of police to each of said precincts.1 -The
board may, from time to time, establish a station
or sub-station in each precinct'for the accommo-
dation of the police force on duty therein. It may,
from time to time, detail and change, without re-
gard to or limitation of residence, the sergeants
or patrolmen to such parts of the District, or to
such of the police or criminal courts, and to the
public offices of the Government of the United
States, orof-the citiesofWashington and George-
town, as it may deem advisable. Itshall promul-
gate all regulations and orders through the super-
intendent of police, who shall take the place of
the Mayor of the city of Washington or George-
town, as being the head of the police departments
or force in the said cities, but always subject to
the orders and regulations of the board of police;
and it shall be the duty of the police force to re-
spect and obey the said superintendent of police,
as the head and chief of the same, subject to the
rules and regulations and general orders of the
board of police.
Sec. 11. And be it further cnacted, That the
board of police, whenever it shall see fit, shall, on
the application of any person or persons, show-
ing the necessity thereof, appoint and swear any
additional number of patrolmen to duty at any
place within the said District, at the charge and
expense of the person or persons by whom the
application shall be made, (but not to exceed the
yearly sum provided for patrolmen of the force
provided by this act as the general police force,)
and the patiohnen so appointed shall be subjcct
to tile orders of the board of police, and shall obey
the rules and regulations of the board, and coir-
form to its general discipline and to such otlier
special regulations as may be made, and shall
wear such dress or emblem as the board may
direct, and shall, during the term of their holding
appointment, possess all the powers, privileges,
and duties of the patrol force heretofore prescribed.
The persons so employed may be removed at an y
time by the board of police, without assigning
cause thereof, upon one month's notice of the in-
tention so to do, given to the person or persons
who applied for the appointment aforesaid.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
board of police may also, upon any emergency
of riot, pestilence, invasion, insurrection, ordunng
any day of public election, ceremony, or celebra-
tion, appoint as many special patrolmen, without
pay, from among the citizens, us it may deem ad-
visable, and for a specified time; and during the
term of service of such special patrolman, he shall
possess all the powers mid privileges, and per-
t'oim all the duties, of the patrolmen of the stand-
ing police force of the District. Andsuch special
patrol shall wear an emblem, to be presented by
the police commissioners.
Sec. 13. Andbcitfurther enacted, That no mem-
ber of the police force, under penalty of forfeiting
the pay which may be due to him,shall withdraw
or resign from the police force, unless he shall
have given one month's notice thereof, in writing,
to the superintendent of police; and no person who
shall ever have been removed from the police force
! established by this act, for cause, shall be reap-
| pointed by the board of police to any office in the
| said police force.
Sec. 14. Anibe it farther enacted, xhatall stolen
property taken by the members of the police force
shall be kent in a place and by a person to be des-'
i«-nated by the board of police. Every such article,
of property shall be entered m a book kept foi the
; purpose, together with the name of the owner, if
| ascertained^ anil the name of the place where found,
and of the person from whom taken, with the gen-
i eral circumstances, and the date of its receipt,
! and the name of the officer recovering the same.
| The board of police shall also cause to be kept
! general complaint books5 m which shall be en-
