44
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August 6,
STtii Cong. .., 1st Sess.
Laws of the, United States.
tered every complaint preferred upon personal
knowledge of the circumstances thereof, with the
name ana residence of the complainant. It shall
also cause to be kept books of registry of lost,
■ missing, or stolen property, for the general con-
venience of the public and of the police of the
district. It shall also cause to be kept books of
records of the police, wherein shall be entered
the name of every member of the police force,
► with his time and place of nativity, and the time
when he became a citizen if he was born out of
the United States; his age; his former occupa-
tion; number and residence of family; the date
of appointment or dismissal from office, with the
cause of the latter. And in every such record
sufficient space shall be left against all such en-
tries, wherein to make record of the number of
arrests made by such member of the police force,
or of any special services deemed meritorious by
the commissioner. It shall also cause to be kept
in proper books the accounts of the treasurer of
the board, and number of the several meetings
thereof, and all receipts of moneys, or warrants
or checks for moneys, shall be written in books
kept for the purpose, and the said receipts signed
by the person or persons in every case receiving
money, warrants, or checks from the treasurer.
All such books shall be, at all business hours,
and when not in actual use, open to public in-
spection. The board of police shall also cause
to be keptand bound all police returns and reports
of the district.
Sec. 15. Am I be it further enacted, That, it shall
be the duty of the common councils of the cities
of Washington and Georetown to provide at the
expense of said cities, respectively, all necessary
accommodations within their respective limits,
for the station-houses required by the board of
police, for the accommodation of the police force,
for the lodging of vagrants and disordeily per-
sons, and for the temporary detention of persons
arrested for offenses, and the same suitably to
.warm and light. In case tho said common coun-
cils, or either of them, neglect or refuse to do so,
after having been thereto requested by the hoard
of police, then tho said board may make then-
own provisions in the premises, and the same,
when made, shall become a proper charge and
debt for the expenses and disbursements thereof
against the said city or cities whose common
councils have so neglected or refused to make
provision as aforesaid.
Sec. 1G. Andbeit further enacted, That in every
case of arrest, the same shall be made known
within six hours thereafter to the sergeant of
police on duty in the precinct in which the arrest
is made, by the person milking the same; and it
shall be the duty of the said sergeant of police,
within twelve hours after such notice, to make
written return thereof, according to the rules and
regulations of the board of police, together with
the name of tho party arrested, the offense, the
place of arrest, and the place of detention. The
board of police shall provide suitable accommo-
dations within said district for the detention of
witnesses who are unable to furnish security for
their appearance in criminal proceedings, and
such accommodations shall be in premises other
than those employed for the confinement of those
charged with crime, fraud, or disorderly conduct;
and it shall be the duty of fill magistrates, in com-
mitting witnesses, to have regard to the rules and
regulations of the board of police in reference to
their detention.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That all tol-
egraphicapparatus, public police property, books,
records, and aceouterments, now in the posses-
sion of the police departments of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, are hereby given
for tho use of the board of police herein author-
ized; but the ownership of tile same, and the use
thereof as aforesaid, shall be according lo the laws
or ordinances which the city couneiK of said
cities, respectively, m which said properly is sit-
uated, have enacted or may hereafter enact.
Sec. 18. And be it farther enacted, That tho
necessary expenses incurred in the execution of
criminal processes within the sanl district shall
be chargcabie to the United States, as under ex-
isting laws.
Sec. 19. A,ul be il furthei unacted, That the
board of health, or proper health officer of the
city of Washington or of Georgetown, shall have
power to call upon any of the police force of the
District to a number not exceeding six, to aid
him, upon any necessary emergency, in enforcing
the powers and duties conferred upon their office
by law; and it shall be the duty of any such num-
ber of police so called upon to obey him; but such
service shall not continue longer than twenty-four
hours. The board of police shall at all times
cause the ordinances and laws of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown to be properly en-
forced; and it shall be the duty of said board, at
all times, when consistent with the rules and reg-
ulations of the board, and with the requirements
of this act, to furnish all information desired and
comply with all requests made by the city coun-
cils of said cities, or by the Mayors thereof.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the
board of police is hereby invested with all the,
powers now conferred by law upon the Mayors
of Washington or of Georgetown in respect to
ordering military assistance in aid of the civil au-
thorities to quell riots, suppress insurrection, pro-
tect the property, and preserve the public tran-
quillity. The board of police shall have power
to issue subpenas, attested in the name of its pres-
ident, to compel before it the attendance of wit-
nesses upon any proceeding authorized by its
rules and regulations. Each commissioner of po-
lice, the superintendent of police, and the clerk of
the board of police, are hereby given power to
administer, take, receive, and subscribe all affirm-
ations and oaths to any witnesses summoned and
appearing in any matter or proceeding authorized,
as aforesaid, and to any depositions necessary by
the rules and regulations of the board of police.
Any willful and corrupt false swearing by any
witness or person making deposition before any
of tho officers last mentioned, to any material fact
in any necessary proceeding under the said rules
and regulations,shall be deemed perjury,and pun-
ished in tho manner now prescribed by law for
such offense.
Sec . 21. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be a misdemeanor, punishable by imprisonment
in the county jail or penitentiary not exceeding
two years, or by a fine not exceeding five hun-
dred dollars, for any person without justifiable or
excusable cause, to use personal violence upon
any: elector in said district, or upon any member
of the police force thereof when in the discharge
of his duty, or for any such member to neglect
making any arrest for an offense against the law
of the United States committed in lus presence,
or for any person, not a member of the police
force, to falsely represent himself as being such
member, with a fraudulent design.
Sue. 22. And be it farther cnacted, That the
treasurer of the beard of police Mhul! receive a
.stated salary of six hundred dollars per annum,
and each commissioner shall receive an allowance
of five dollars per day for each day of actual at-
tendance upon the meetings or business of the
board, not to exceed, however, to each commis-
sioner (the treasurer excepted) two hundred and
fifty dollars per annum; and no other compensa-
tion shall be paid or allowed to the meuibeis of
the board. The supeiintendent. of police shall
receive a salary of fifteen hundred dollars per
aumim, each sergeant*of police six hundred dol-
lars per annum, and each police patrolman forty
dollars per month,as compensation for their ser-
vices, respectively.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the first meeting of the board of police,
under tho provisions of this act, it shall possess
all the power and authority heretofore conferred
by law upon the auxiiiai y guaid of the city of
Washington, established by an act entitled "An
act to establish an auxiliary watch for the pro-
tection of public and private property m the city
of Washington,"approved August twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and all acts in
amendment thereto, and said auxiliary guard or
watch is hereby abolished; and said board of po-
lice shall also possess all the power and authority
heretofore conferred by law upon the Mayor or
any other officer or officers of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown lespectivcly, as the heads
thciein of the respective police departments or
organizations of those cities, which power or au-
thority shall relate to or in any way be connected
with the police government or police discipline
within either of said cities; and from and after
the said first meeting and due organization of said
board of police, the duty and authority and power
of each and all of the aforementioned officers in
relation to the police government, appointment,
and discipline, shall wholly cease and vest as
aforesaid in the said board of police constituted
by this act,except that the Mayors of Washing-
ton and Georgetown shall be, with the commis-
sioners, members ex officio of the board of police,
and entitled to one vote each at every session
thereof when present at its meetings.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the su-
perintendent of police shall make to the board of
police quarterly repoits in writing of the state of
the police district, with such statistics and sug-
gestions as he may deem advisable for the im-
provement of the police government and disci-
pline of said district; and the board of police shall
annually, on or before the first Monday in No-
vember, report in writing the condition of the
police within said district to the Secretary of the
Interior.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the board of police, or of the police force,
shall reccive or share in, for his own benefit,
under any pretense whatever, any present, fee,
or emolument, for police services, other than the
regular salary and pay provided by this act, ex-
cept by consent of the board of police.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That all re-
wards, fees, proceeds of gifts, and emoluments
that may be allowed by the board of police to be
paid and given for extraordinary services of any
member of the police force, and all moneys arising
from tho sale of unclaimed goods, shall constitute
the*4 policeman's fund," of which the board of
police shall be the trustee, and may invest as they
shall see fit. And whenever any member of the
police force, in the actual discharge of his duty,
shall become bodily disabled, his necessary ex-
penses, on the certificate of a competent surgeon,
stating the manner, cause, and condition of rife
injury, and approved by the board of police,
during the time of his disabling, as a foresaid, con-
tinues, may become a c.hargc upon the said fund.
Hut the board of police may discontinue saul
allowance for any satisfactory reason.
Sec. 27. And be it further cnuctcd, That the
board of police shall require and make suitable
provisions respecting security to be entered into
by the superintendent of police and by the ser-
geants of police, and for the taking by members
of the police force of an oath of office, and the
registry of the same, which uath of offtcc may
be takeij before any commissioner of police, who
is heicby empowered to administer the same.
See. 2S. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby,appropriated,out of any money
in tin- Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purpose of carrying-this act into effect, in-
cluding the payment of salaries and all other ne-
cessary charges and expenses of the " Metropol-
itan Police," for the year ending June thiity,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, in addition "to
the balance of tho appropi tation made by the act
appioved Febiuury twenty, eighteen hundred
and sixty," for the compensation of the auxil-
iary guard, and otic lieutenant, and for fuel, oil,
and lamps, and for twenty policemen," which
balance is hereby (luccted to be apple d to the
purposes of this act, the sum of sixty thousand
dollars.
Sec. 21). And be it further enacted, That all
statutes, parts of statutes, and provisions of law
inconsistent with the provisions of tins act, are
hereby repealed.
Approved, August 6, 1861.
ClIAr. LXII1.—An Act to increase the Pay of the
Privates in llie Itrgular Army, and of the Vol-
unteeis in the s'-rviceof the XJnited States, and
for other purposes.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativcsofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That tho pay of the privates ill tho
regular Army and volunteers ill the service of the
United States be thirteen dollars per month for
three years from and after the passage of thisact
and until otherwise fixed by law.
