APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
Appropriations, New Offices, &c.
S^TH OOKG.... 1ST SESS.
tenant General, or of any major general ot the Army com-
manding forces of the United States in the field, may ap-
point such number of aides-de-camp, in addition to those
now authorized by law, as the exigencies of the service
may require ; such aides-de-camp to have respectively, the
rank dudauthoiityuf captains, majors, lieutenant colonels,
or colonels of the regular Army, as the Piesident may di-
rect, and receive the pay and allowances as now provided
by Jaw for officers ot cavalry of corresponding rank.
By the act to provide for the payment of the po-
lice organized by the United Suites for the city
of Baltimore, and to enable the Mint to furnish
small gold coins, and to provide for the manu-
facture or purchase of field signals. Approved
July 27, 1861-
For maintaining a police for the city of Baltimore, (the
number, rank, and pay not stated.) The act appropriates
an aggregate sum of one hundied thousand dollars.
By the act to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States. Approved July
29, 1861-
Four major generals, with three aides-de-camp each.
Six brigadiei generals, with two aides-de-camp each.
There is added to the Army nine regiments of infantiy,
consisting of nine colonels, nine lieutenant colonels, nine
icgimental adjutants and twenty-seven battalion adjutants,
to be taken from the lieutenants of the regiments and bat-
talions, respectively; nine regimental quartermasters and
commissaries, and twenty-seven battalion quartermasters
and commissaries, twenty seven majors, two hundred and
sixteen captains, two hundred and sixteen.first and second
lieutenants, twenty-seven sergeant majors, twenty-seven
quartermaster sergeants, twenty-seven commissary ser-
geants, twenty-seven hospital stcwaids, two hundred and
sixteen first sergeants, eight hundred and sixty-four ser-
geants, seventeen hundred and twenty-eight corpoiab, nine
drum nwjors, eighteen principal musicians, four hundred
and thirty-two musicians, and seventeen thousand seven
hundred and twelve puvates.
There is added also a regiment of cavalry, consisting of
one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, thiee majors, one re-
gimental and three battalion adjutants, one regimental and
three battalion quartermasteis and eomim&^irics, twelve
captains, twelve first and twelve second lieutenants, three
seigeant maiors, three battalion and twelve company quar-
tcimaster seigeants, three battalion commissary seigeants,
tinco hospital stewaid-s, three saddler sergeants, tin ee vet-
erinary sergeants, twelve first sergeants, forty-eight ser-
geants, ninetv-six corporals, twenty-foui musicians, twen-
ty-lour farriers, twelve saddlers, twelve wagoneis, and
ei«ht hundied and sixty-four privates.
There is also added a regiment of artillery, consisting of
one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, three majors, one ad-
jutant, one regimental quartermaster and commi^ary, to
be taken ftom the lieutenants of the regunent; twelve cap-
tains, twelve fiist and twelve second lieutenants, one ser-
geant major, one regimental quarteimaster sergeant, one
commissary sergeant, twelve first sergeants, forty-eight ser-
geants, twelve quartermaster sergeants, mnety-six corpo-
ral", twenty-four artificers, twelve wagoners, one hospital
steward, two principal musicians, and twenty-four musi-
cians, and fourteen hundred and sixty-four puvates.
The President is authorized to add to the battery organi-
zation of the artillery regiment, at his discretion, one fn>t
and one second lieutenant, two sergeants, and four corpo-
^The officers and enlisted men of these regiments shall
receive the same pay, emoluments, and bo on the same
footing, in all respects, with those of corresponding grades
and corps now in the tegular service.
The regimental bands will be paid as follows: one fourth
of each, the pay and allowances of sergeants of engineer
soldier-,; one foui th, those of corporals of engineer soldiers;
rnd one half, those of engineer soldiers of the first class.
The dium-major, or leadei of the band, the pay and emol-
uments of a second lioutencnt of infantry. The saddler
sei^eants,veterinary seigeants,company quartermaster ser-
geants, and drum-majots, will receive the pay and allow-
ances of sergeants ol cavalry. The battalion adjutant and
battalion quartermasters and commissaries will leceivc
the emoluments now piovided by law for regimental adju-
tants.
By the act authorizing the appointment of an
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same. Approved July 31,
1SG1.
The President is authorized, by and with the advice and
oon-ent of the Senate, to appoint an Assistant Secretary of
the Navv, who shall'act a  Secretary of the Navy in the
absence of that officer, at an annual salaiy of tour thousand
d°T?ioi"e shall also be added to the clerical force of the >iavy
Department eight additional clerks, with a salary oi twelve
hundred dollars per annum each.
By the act providing a commission to examine
and report as to the compensation of all officers
of the Government, anu for other purposes.
Approved July 31, 1861.
A board of commissioners composed of two members of
the Senate, three members of the House of Representatives,
one "officer of the N.ivy, and one officer of the Army ; no
compensation provided by the act.
The board ate authorized to employ a clerk, at four dol-
lars per diem for the time actually needed.
By the act to increase the medical corps of the
Navy. Approved July 31, 1861.
There is added to tlie medical corps of the Navy nine-
teen surgeons and torty-one passed and other assistant sui-
geons; pay not stated in the act.
By the act to increase the consular representation
of the United States during the present insur-
rection. Approved August 2, 1861.
The President is authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint consuls at any foreign
pons where he shall deem it advisable, with such compen-
sation, not exceeding fifteen hundred dollars per annum,
as he shall think proper.
By the act concerning the Attorney General and
the attorneys and marshals of tlie several dis-
tricts. Approved August 2, 1861.
The Attorney General may appoint two additional clerks
in his office, at an annual salary of fourteen hundred dol-
lars each.
The Attorney General may employ, at his discretion, at-
torneys and counsollors-at-law to assist the district attor-
neys m the discharge of their duties, at such compensation
as he may agree to pay for such services.
By the act providing for the better organization
of the military establishment. Approved Au-
gust 3, 1861.
The President is authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint an Assistant Secretary
of War, whose salary shall be three thousand dollars per
annum.
The President is authorized to appoint, l>y and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, in addition to those now
authorized by law, five assistant inspectors general,* with
the rank and pay of majors ot cavalry; ten surgeons and
twenty assistant surgeons, with the rank, pay, and allow-
ances now allowed by law.
Ilereafterthcadjutant general's department shall consist
of the following officers:
One adjutant general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general.
One assistant adjutant general, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a colonel of cavalry.
Two assistant adjutant generals, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of cavaliy.
Foui assistant adjutant generals, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments ot a major of cavalry.
Twelve assistant adjutant generals, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a captain of cavaliy.
15y this act the lank, pay, and emoluments of the adju-
tant general are incieas-ed ftom those of a colonel ot cavalry
to those of a bugadier gcncial, and an addition of six is
made to the number of absihtant adjutant gencials, viz: one
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel ol cavalry ;
one with the tank, pav, and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel of cavalry ; and four with the ratik,pay, and emol-
uments. of a captain of cavalry.
Thorp shall be added to the subsistence department four
commissanes of subsistence, each with the rank, pay, and
emoluments ot a major of cavaliy.
Eight commissaries of subsistence, each with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a captain of cavalry, to be taken
from the line of the Army, either of the volunteers or reg-
ular Aimy.
There shall he added to each of the corps of engineers
and topographical engmccis three first and three second
lieutenants.
To the quartermaster's department: One coionel, two
lieutenant colonels, four majors, and twenty captains, with
the rank, pay, and allowances oi oiheors ot cavalry.
AIm) a  many master wagoners, with the rank, pay, and
allowances of sergeants of cavalry, and as many wagoners,
with the pay and allowances of coipoials ot cavalry, as t^e
President may deem necessary.
To the ordnance department: One chief of ordnance,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of the quartermaster
general of the Aimy ; one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
and six second lieutenants.
To the corps of engineers : Three companies ot engineer
soldiers, to be commanded by appropriate officers ol said
corps, with the same pay, rations, clothing, and other al-
lowances as sappers, mineis, and pontonters; each com-
pany to consist of one hundred and fifty men.
To the medical staff of the Army: A corps of medica
cadet65, not to exceed fifty in numbci, with the rank and
pay of the cadets at West Point.
Female nurses may be employed in hospitals at the dis-
cretion of the siugcon general or medical officer in charge,
to iccmve forty ecnts per day and one ration.
Onr chaplain shall be allowed to each regiment of the
Army, to be appointed as the President may direct; pay
not stated.
By the act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes. Approved August 5,1861.
By this* act the President is authorized to divide the
States and Territories of the United States and the District
of Columbia into convenient collection districts, and to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of tho Senate,
an assessor and a collector for each district; each assessor
shall appoint an assistant assessor; the assessors shall also
constitute a board, with authority to appoint a clerk or
clerks, but not more than one lor each collection district.
Each pressor shall receive two dollars per day wlulo
making the necessary arrangements and giving the neces-
sary instructions to the assistant assessor; three dollars per
day while employed in hearing appeals, and one do jar lor
every hundred taxable persons returned on his tax lu>fc.
Each assistant asses-sor shall reccivc two dohai^perday
while actually employed, and one dollar for every hundred
taxable persons returned by him to the assessor.
Each of the assessors constituting the boaid ofasfcssois
*15vthe act to promote the efficiency ot the engineer
and topographical engineer corps, and for other purposes,
approved August 6,1861$ two additional inspectors general
are authonzed.
shall rcceive three dollars per day for actual attendance,
and ten cents a mile for traveling expenses.
Each clerk of the board of assessors shall receive two
dollars a day for actual attendance, and fees for certain
services.
Each collector may appoint a deputy, and shall reccive
for his own services and that of his deputy a commission
of four per centum upon the first hundred thousand dollars,
one per centum upon the second hundred thousand dollars,
and one half of one per centum upon all sums above two
hundred thousand dollars; these commissions in no case
to exceed four thousand dollars for a principal and two
thousand dollars for an assistant.
The President, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, may appoint one principal assessor and one principal
collector in cach of the States and Territories and in the
District of Columbia, to collect the intornai duties or In-
come tax, and each of those otFioeis may, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, appoint as many assist-
ants as the public service may require.
The principal assessors and collectors each to rcceive a
compensation not exceeding two thousand five hundred
dollars per annum, and their assistants each twelve hun-
dred dollars per annum.
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to appoint
one or more depositaries in each State for the deposit and
safe-keeping of the moneys arising from internal duties or
income tax, who may also be empowered to perform the
duties of a disbursing agent of the Government. Compen-
sation not stated in the act.
The President, upon the nomination of the Secretary of
the Treasury, may appoint in the Treasury Department a
commissioner of taxes, at an annual salary of three thou-
sand dollars.
There shall be assigned to the office of the commissioner
of taxes the necessary clerks (number not stated) whose
aggregate salaries shall not exceed six thousand dollars per
annum.
By tlie act to promote the efficiency of the engi-
neer and topographical engineer corps, and for
other purposes. Approved August 6, 1861.
There shall be added to each of the corps of engineers
and topographical engineers, by regular promotion of their
present ofliceis, two lieutenant colonels and four majors;
pav not stated.
There shall be added to the corps of topographical engi-
neers, one company of soldiers, with the same pay and
allowances, and in all ic«peet> on till footing with the
company of sappers and miners and pontoniers.
ThePicsident is authorized to appoint two additional
inspectors general of the Aimy, with tlie same rank, pay,
and allowances as are now provided by law for inspectors
general.
By the act to authorize an increase in the corps
of engineers and topographical engineers. Ap-
proved August 6, 1861.
There shall be added to cach of the corps of engineers
and topographical engineers, by regular promotion of their
present officers, two lieutenant colonels and four majors.
•There shall be added'to the corps of topographical engi-
neers one company of soldiers, with the pay and allow-
ances, and m all icspeets on the same footing with the
company of sappers and miners and pontoniers.
The President is authorized to appoint two additional
inspectors general of the Army.
[Note to the above act.—The provisions of this act are
precisely the same as those contained in the " act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the engineer and topographical engi-
neer corps, and for other purposes," approved August 6,
1861.]
By the act relative to appeals to the Supreme
Court of the United States. Approved August
6, 1861.
Tile distiict attorneys for the district of California are
authorized to employ not exceeding three clerks, at a com-
pensation of one hundred and fifty dollars per month, to
transcribe the records of land cases in which the United
States are parties, to be cei tified to the Supreme Court of the
United States in cases of appeal.
By the act to create a metropolitan police district
of the District of Columbia, and to establish a
police therefor. Approved August 6, 1861.
The President is authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, five commissioners of
police, who shall he the chief olBcers of the " metropolitan
police district," and they shall appoint a president, a treas-
urer, and a clerk. The cleric shall receive an annual salary
of one thousand dollars.
The police force shall consist of a superintendent of po-
lice, ten sergeants of police, and such number of police
patrolmen as the board may deem necessary for the regular
service, not exceeding one hundred and fifty.
Each commissioner of police shall be allowed five dollars
per day for each day of actual attendance upon meetings,
not to exceed the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars per
annum. „ „ . .
The treasurer shall rcceive an annual salary of six hun-
dred dollars.
The superintendent of police shall receive an annual
salary of fifteen hundred dollars.
Each sergeant of police bhall receive six hundred dollars
per annum. , ,,
Each patrolman shall be allowed forty dollars per month.
By a joint resolution authorizing the appointment
of examiners to examine a steam floating bat-
tery at Hoboken, New Jersey. Approved July
24, 1861.
The Secretary of the Navy is authorized to appoint a
hoard of examiners to examine the steam iron battery now
building at Hoboken, New Jersey j compensation not stated.
