52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SfiH Cong.... 1st Sess.
App-oprialions, New Offices, &c.
III.—Offices, the salaries of which have
been increased, with the amount of such
increase.
By the act relative to the revenue marine, to
fix the compensation of the officers thcieof,
and for other purposes. Approved July 25,
1861.
By this act the pay of captains of revenue cutteie, when
on duty,is increased from twelvehundred to eighteen hun-
dred dollars per annum.
Fiist lieutenants, on duty, fiom nine hundred and sixty
to fourteen hundred dollar per annum.
Second lieutenants, on duty, from eight hundicd and
sixty to twelve hundred dollais per annum.
Third lieutenants, on duty, fiom seven hundred and
ninety to nine hundred dollars per annum.
By the act making- additional appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending Juno 30,
1862, and appropriations of arrearages for the
year ending June 30, 1881.
For additional compensation of cleik of assistant treas-
uier of the United States at St. Louis*, three hundied dol-
lars.
By the act to increase the consular representation
of tire United States during the present insur-
rection. Approved August 2, 1861.
The Piesident is authorized, during the present insurrec-
tion, to iuerease the compensation of any consuls in foreign
poits,if he shall deem it necessary; not in any case to
cxceed the sum of fifteen hundred dollais.
By th<* act in relation to the officc of attorney of
the United States for the southern district of
JNe\v York. Approved August G, 1861.
Tiie salaiy of the attornpy of the United States foi the
southern district of New York is fixed at^ix thon-aiul dol-
lars per annum, and such additional sum as may be neces-
sary to pay the proper expenses of his office, including clerk
hue.
By the act to increase the pay of the privates in
the regular Army and of the volunteers in the
service of the United States. Approved August
G, 1861.
By this act the pay of the privates in the regulai Army
and volunteers in the service of the United States is in-
creased to thiitoon dollars a month, for three years alter the
passage of the act.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will lie furnished subscribers at the next regular session, which will
be a long one, for six dollars a copy.
Subscribers for this session who have not received, or who have lost any numbers, either of the Congressional
Globe or the Appendix, can get them by inclosing to us three cents for each missing number.
