1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
members also. If this territorial government
of this District is to be organized and carried
on in this way, I am for saying to them, "You
can elect your Delegate here and run the ad-
ministration in the District by appointments
exclusively Republican, and see how far you
•will be able to succeed with the help only of
Republican votes in Congress.'' If we will
only stand by, and I do not know whether our
friends on this side will do it or not, in accord-
ance with the suggestion I have made, and
make them look to their friends to sustain the
measures for this District, I do not think it
will last very long. I believe you will find
some of them crawling upon their bellies in
our direction asking for our assistance.
I have been much more amiable in thes?
remarks than I intended when I first resolved
to speak on this bill; but I have been post-
poned for two or three days in what I had to
say, and I am not to day in the mood to talk
about many of the abuses that I have seen upon
some other occasions. I say this by way of
apology to some of my friends who have heard
me discuss these topics, or at least a portion
of them, elsewhere.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of my friend
if he does not think he has come up to his
promise?
Mr. NIBLACK. That is, to make a meaner
speech than either the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bdtler] or the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargeh ?]
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman has
kept his promise.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] no doubt made a very
mean speech last week, as did also the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I
thought somebody should, if possible, make a
meaner one than they had. If I have suc-
ceeded in that attempt, it is beyond my ex-
pectations. They have higher characters than
I have for truth and morality, and what they
say will be more readily believed by the coun-
try, perhaps, than what I say. Nevertheless,
in the absence of any other gentleman making
the effort, I have felt impelled to say some
things on the subject of this bill. Sir, I do not
think it fair to allow these Republican gen-
tlemen to have a monopoly of this debased
literature. [Laughter. ]
Now, sir, everything that has been done
here during last month, in this present session
of Congress, has been done or attempted to be
done according to the smallest and meanest
party standard that was ever erected by any
part of the American people. These gentle-
men had to slander one half the people of the
country, including Democrats of the North,
day by day, for the purpose of working their
friends up to a point of sufficient 
Mr. COX. Meanness.
Mr. NIBLACK. My friend suggests "mean-
ness;" I will not say that, bat will say—to
that point of fury which was necessary for the
adoption of this extraordinary legislation.
Some of their friends turned out under the
firm resolve that they would not be whipped
in by any such process. But the President
came to tlje rescue. He is always ready for
any party emergency when he is told what is
necessary, and by that little message which he
sent in to Congress he brought my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the other
gentlemen who had been acting with him on
that side to their bended knees. And now,
I suppose, their daily prayer is to be forgiven
and to be taken back into the President's con-
fidence. I understand the President has got
a good memory in these matters. It is true,
he has forgiven the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] for something he said
about him some years ago. But it required
jquch hard work and no doubt a good deal of
repentance for that gentleman to be reinstated
into favor. To obtain that end lie had to go
through something like the valley and shadow
of political death before he reached that most
42d Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 38.
happy and exalted position in the President's
regard.
But, Mr. Speaker, in all seriousness, aside
from this mere badinage, which everybody
understands, the gentlemen who intended to
inaugurate the government of this District have
made a great mistake, and the mistake has
been made by men who ought to have known
better. It is a mistake about a very small mat-
ter, to which importance has been attempted
to be attached, which makes it even a greater
mistake than if it had been committed in refer-
ence to some more grave matter about which
men would ordinarily differ. 1 do not propose
to be always illiberal with the people of this
District, because the men appointed over them,
not elected by them, have made these mistakes.
But I want to put these gentlemen to the
test sufficiently to demonstrate to them that
they have mistaken the line of policy which
ought to have been adopted, so that those who
may come after them may not commit similar
blunders. And while the effect of all this may
be to punish the people of the District tem-
porarily, and to withhold from them what they
otherwise would get, and what they, perhaps,
ought to have, I think the little punishment
which might be inflicted upon them by this
course will be of value to them in the end,
and they will so appreciate it.
I am opposed to giving the President an
appropriation for the purpose of attempting
to reform the civil service, not because I do
not think it ought to be reformed, but because
I have no faith that this Administration, sur-.
rounded as it is, impelled as it is by the influ-
ences which have the ascendency in the Gov-
ernment, will make that bona fide and non-
partisan effort at reform in the condition of
the civil service which, I think, the condition
of the service requires if the reform is to be
made at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did not the gentleman
approve of the action of the last Congress in
reference to the civil service? Both he and I
were on the special committee which had charge
of that subject, if my memory serves me rightly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I did not approve of that
action at all. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] refers to.the special commit-
tee on the civil service, of which Mr. Jenckes,
of Rhode Island, was chairman. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and
myself were the minority on the committee on
that question, and with him I opposed the
report of the majority in the committee and
opposed it here in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. That was the bill which
we acted upon here. Iuthequestion Iaddressed
to the gentleman I had reference to the reso-
lution agreed upon in the special committee
when I was not present. The obj-ect of my
inquiry was to ascertain whether that resolu-
tion did not meet the gentleman's approbation.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was notin the committee-
room when the resolution was considered. It
was shown to me afterward, in the House. I
said I would make no objection to it, but I
cared nothing about it and had .no confidence
in it.
Sir, it is only a few months ago since a mem-
ber of the Cabinet lost his commission, was
compelled to resign, as the public understands
it, because of his honest efforts to inaugurate
civil service reform in' his Department. One
of those efforts was to protect his clerks against
assessments for political purposes, because he
believed that, as a class, they were not able to
pay those assessments, and that the effect of
them was demoralizing, as everybody will
agree that it is.
Why, sir, this Administration seems to
regard the clerical force in all the Depart-
ments as of more importance as a reserve
voting force than for anything else. When
you go to one of these Departments and in-
quire for a clerk who has charge of a particu-
lar matter, half the time you will find that he
is on leave of absence, and has gone home to
his State to vote; and that is not all. Only a
week ago the Morning Chronicle of this city,
which is understood, to some extent at least,
to be the organ of the Administration, and
which certainly gives the Administration its
earnest support—two months ago it w&s its
organ, and perhaps is so still—called on all
these clerks to come forward and register as
voters here. It intimated that many of them
were claiming residences in the States which
they were not entitled to claim, and that even
if they had nominal residences in the States
they ought to be registered here, and it inti-
mated further that all those who did not take
this hint would be weeded out as drones.
Now, I think no previous Administration
ever got quite down to that point. I think
that all the other Administrations, that all
the Democratic Administrations, and those
of President Lincoln and President Johnson,
recognized the necessity of having a class of
quiet old clerks in the Departments, continu-
ing there from Administration to Administra-
tion, who did not take any particular part in
party politics, and who were regarded as a
sort of depository of important information
very necessary for the successful discharge of
the duties in the various Departments. No
Administration before that I have heard of
required to bring that class of men to the front,
or regarded them as liable to be knocked down
like ten-pins if they did not vote in a particu-
lar manner. And I say in this presence that
I have no words to express my contempt for all
such efforts as this to whip forward innocent,
defenseless people into a position and a course
of action which will probably result sooner or
later in crushing them out and compelling
them to lose their places.
The idea-of giving money for the promotion
of civil service reform to an Administration
that permits this thing right under its own nose
and eyes here in this District, where every
member of the Cabinet has an opportunity
of witnessing what is done, is so supremely
ridiculous and so unjust that I shall not be a
party to any such proceeding. We are taught
not to oast our pearls before swine; and I
would consider $10,000 appropriated for this
purpose to be expended by this Adminis-
tration as belonging very much to that cate-
gory. Why, sir, the President would doubtless
want the Army and Navy to help him enforce
such a provision of law, and would consult the
Attorney General to know whether he had
power to call in such aid. The President
knows little about the civil service at best.
What knowledge he has—and of course he
has a good deal of knowledge of some kinds—
is of a military character. He does not know
how to do anything in Government matters
without the Army and Navy. If we make this
appropriation of §10,000 he will be wanting
to use the Army and Navy to carry into effect
this provision of law, and we all know that
the civil service cannot be reformed by any
such admixture of the military element.
Mr. Speaker, I have said only about half of
what I ought to have said, and have said that
in a much more feeble way than the occasion
requires. I shall not detain the House longer.
I see by the looks of gentlemen around me that
they think I have said too much already. I am
afraid they will not sustain me in what I have
said. [Cries of "Go on! "] My hour is pretty
nearly expired; and I know that my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] does not believe much
more than half of what I have been saying.
He has charge of this bill, and I know lie wants
to get to work on it by sections.
I know that privately he would acknowledge
the truth of very much of what I have said ;
but, in the presence of the House, and espe-
cially in the presence of his colleague, [Mr.
Bdtler,] his courage on many of these ques-
