1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
the facts. On the 18th of Jane, 1866, the
House passed a joint resolution, which I will
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" He it resolvedby the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in Congress assembled. That the provisions of
the act of July 4,1864, entitled 'An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and for other
purposes,' be, and the same are hereby, construed to
extend to the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson,
ol the State of West Virginia."
Mr. MAYNARD. On the 28th of July, 1866,
Congress passed anotherjoint resolution, which
I ask the reporters to incorporate with my
remarks. *
The joint resolution is as follows:
"Be it resolved, &c„ That the privileges of the act
of the 4th of July, 1864, entitled 'An act to limit
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,' is hereby
extended to the loyal citizens of the State of Ten-
nessee."
One of the privileges of those acts was that
for supplies furnished to quartermasters in the
loyal States application might be made to the
commissary or quartermaster's department for
compensation.
Under the provisions of those two joint res-
olutions many claimants, both of those two
counties of West Virginia and of the State of
Tennessee, presented their claims and have
been prosecuting them to this time before the
Departments, and some of them have passed
into the Third Auditor's and the Second Comp-
troller's bureaus, &c., and are nearly ready to
be paid.
The act of March 3,1871, was passed author-
izing the appointment of commissioners forthe
purpose of examining the claims of loyal per-
sons residing in the seceding States. Gentle-
men have seen published the opinion emanat-
ing from the Attorney General's Department
declaring that the effect of that act of March
3, 1871, is to withdraw from the Departments
ali thoseclaims and refer them to this commis-
sion. I respectfully suggest to those gentle-
men of this House who were members of the
last Congress, and to my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Washburn,] the chairman'of
the Committee of Claims of the last House,
and who prepared the original provision creat-
ing that commission, (I am sorry to observe
that that gentleman is not now in his seat,) that
such was not the intention of those who favored
such appropriation; certainly, nothing was
further from my supposition than that such a
construction would be given to that part of
the act of March 3, 1871. The effect of that
construction must be to throw back claimants
who have just got their claims along in the
Departments to the point of allowance and
settlement and compel them to begin their
work over again.
Therefore, in addition to the amendment
which I have already suggested, at the proper
time I propose to offer an amendment, which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the joint resolution of June 18,
1866, in regard to claims from the counties of Berke-
ley and Jefferson, in the State of Virginia, and
the joint resolution of July 28, 1866, in regard to
claims from the State of Tennessee, and the
joint resolution of December 23, 1869, as amended by
the act of March 3,1871, in regard to claims for
steamboats and other vessels, shall not be with-
drawn or impaired by any construction of the law
creating commissioners of claims to examine claims
arising in States proclaimed in insurrection, and
that jurisdiction upon all claims presented to the
proper Department before the 3d of March, 1871,
shall remain as before the passage thereof.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all general
debate upon the pending amendments of the
Senate to this bill be now closed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] having charge of this sub-
ject, the House will first consider the amend-
ments of the Senate in which concurrence
is recommended; then such amendments in
which concurrence with amendments is rec-
ommended; and lastly, such amendments in
reference to which non-concurrence is recom-
mended. The Clerk will now read the amend-
ments in which concurrence is recommended,
and, unless there be objection, they will be
considered as concurred in.
The first four amendments were to make the
first paragraph of the bill read as follows:
That in order to carry into effect the provisions
of an act entitled "An act granting pensions to cer-
tain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812, and the
widows of deceased soldiers," approved February 15,
1871, there be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the payment, during the remainder of the
present fiscal year, of two clerks of class three, four
clerksot class two, nineteen clerks of class one, and
two assistant messengers in the Pension Office, to be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior, $8,260;
for office-rent, furniture, and contingent expenses of
said office for the same period, SO,500; and for the
payment, during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872, of four clerks of class three, eight clerks of
class two, forty-eight clerks of class one, and three
assistant messengers in said offioe, to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior, $77,360; and for
office-rent, furniture, stationery, and contingent
expenses of said office during thesaid year, $7,000, &c.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman who has this bill in charge [Mr.
Dawes] one question. I find that iu this par-
agraph provision is made for ninety additional
officers and employes. Has the gentleman in-
formed himself that that many will be required
for the purpose indicated?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can conceive
at once that by the new law a large amount of
additional labor is devolved upon the Pension
Bureau. It is calculated that about six mil-
lion dollars will be taken out of the Treasury;
the most of it probably within a few months.
The rush for pensions under the act in refer-
ence to the war of 1812 will be very great.
The sole object is to enable the Department
'as rapidly as possible to discharge the addi-
tional business thus devolved upon it. If all
this force is not required we must have confi-
dence in the bureau that it will not be employed.
Mr. RANDALL. So far as I can see, there
is no limit upon the time for which these ninety
officers and employes are to be appointed.
Mr. DAWES. It is impossible to fix such
a limit; for it would be equivalent to fixing
a limit to the period within which application
must be made for these pensions. Some con-
fidence must be placed in the Department that
it will not employ these officers longer than is
necessary.
Mr. BANDALL. I do not make any further
objection.
The amendments were concurred in.
The twelfth amendment, in which the com-
mittee recommended concurrence, was to in-
sert the following:
For contingent expenses under the actof August
6,1846, for the collcction, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue, $50,000: Pro-
vided, That no part of said sum shall be expended
for clerical services."
Mr. RANDALL. This amendment appro-
priates a very large sum of money, and the
purposes of the appropriation are stated so
indefinitely that I would like to hear some
explanation.
Mr. DAWES. The estimate of the Depart-
ment for this purpose was originally $100,000.
During the last Congress $50,000 ^as appro-
priated, and afterward there were diverted
from this fund all the proceeds from transfer
drafts and other items, so that the Treasury
Department found it impossible to get along
with the §50,000 to which the committee, in
the last Congress, cut down the estimate.
Mr. RANDALL. Then you have granted
to the Department the amount of the original
estimate.
Mr. DAWES. "We have granted the amount
of the original estimate ; but all the proceeds
from transfer drafts, amounting to an indefi-
nite sum, have been diverted.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me a very
large sum of money.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
considered as concurred in if there be no
objection.
There was no objection.
The fourteenth amendment, in which the
committee recommended concurrence, was to
insert the following:
For salary of the Governor of the District of
Columbia, $3,000.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would like to know _
from the chairman of the committee upon what
theory we are called upon to appropriate
money for the salaries of the Governor, the
secretary, and the Legislature of the District
of Columbia. When the so-called territorial
bill was passed last winter one of the reasons
in its favor urged by its friends was in this
form: ''This will rid us of the entire trouble
and expense of the government of this Dis-
trict; give the people of the District this law
and they will navigate for themselves; they
will not come to trouble us any more." Yet
I find that, in addition to the appropriations
which we formerly made, we are now expected
to pay the officers, a thing which I believe we
did not do before.
Mr. DAWES. We did not pay the officers
before, because they did not exist. The gen-
tleman helped to make the law creating these
officers.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Officers for the
government of the District existed before.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman helped to
make a law which enacted that there should
be a Governor, and that we should pay him
$3,000 a year. The gentleman was a party
to that legislation. My colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Beck] points me to the section
in the law.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I did not know there
was a specific provision that we should pay the
salaries of these officers.
Mr. DAWES. I read from section thirty-
eight of the law:
" That the officers herein provided for, who shall
be appointed by the President, by and with tho
advicc and consent of the Senate, shall be paid by
the United States by appropriations to be made by
law."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Does that apply to
the territorial Legislature also?
Mr. DAWES. It applies to all these officers.
Has my friend labored under the delusion that,
having made a Territory, he has not got to pay
for the luxury? From time immemorial, when
we have created Territories we have provided
for a Governor, Legislature, and other officers,
and have paid them from the Treasury of the
United States. And territorial Governors
have always been appointed by the President.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. As the gentleman
seems to imply that what I have suggested is un-
reasonable, I beg to say that I can see a very
good reason why we should pay the Govern-
ment officers out in the western Territories,
where settlements are scattered, where the
people are comparatively poor, and where,
perhaps, there could not be any organized
government if it was not sustained from tho
fountain-head here. But there is a great dif-
ference between such a Territory and the com-
munity in this District, which is compact and
as rich as other city communities.
Mr. DAWES. I agree to that; but the gen-
tleman kept silent when the law was passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I did not keep
silent; I objected to its passage.
Mr. HOAR. 1 desire to put an inquiry to
my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.] When the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall exercise
exclusive legislation over the District of Co-
lumbia, do we perform that duty by hiring
somebody else to do it for us in violation of the
Constitution?
Mr. DAWES. That question was so ably
argued by my colleague [Mr. Hoar] at the
last session, that I will not undertake to dis-
cuss it now.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I did not under-
stand from the gentleman whether there is a
