1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
The nineteenth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows:
For the repairs of the damages caused by fira upon
the cadet-barracks at West Point, $10,000.
Mr. KENDALL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
For the expenses of the Sutro tunnel commission,
including pay of assistants, instruments, and inci-
dentals, $15,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Let us work half an hour
longer; put off the motion to adjourn until
half past four.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I asked the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] some time
ago to indicate some reasonable hour for the
close of to day's session, and he would not do
so. I thought I would bring him to terms by
moving that the House now adjourn. Since
he has indicated the hour of half past four for
adjournment, and is always so obliging and
gentlemanly, I will withdraw that motion.
The question recurred upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Kendall.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise the point of
order that this amendment is for an appropri-
ation which is not in pursuance of law.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that Congress at
its present session has passed a joint resolu-
tion, which has been approved by the Presi-
dent, appointing a commission for this pur-
pose ; and I suppose that this appropriation
is necessary for that purpose.
Mr. BURCHARD. My understanding of
that law was that no compensation was to be
paid to these commissioners.
Mr. SPEEK, of Georgia. It is evident that
this amendment will lead to an extended
debate. I think, therefore, that we had better
now adjourn.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask that the law be
read creating this commission.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act authorizing the President to appoint com-
missioners to examine and report upon the Sutro
tunnel in the State of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United States is
hereby authorized and requested to appoint a board
of three commissioners, two of whom shall be offi-
cers of engineers of the Army and one a mining or
civil engineer, to examine and report upon the
Sutro tunnel in the State of Nevada, authorized to
be constructed by an actof Congress approved July
25, 1866, with special reference to the importance,
feasibility, cost, and time required to construct the
same: the value of the bullion extracted from the
mines on the Comstock lode; their present and prob-
able future production; also the geological and prac-
tical value of said tunnel as an exploring work, and
its general bearing upon our mining and other na-
tional interests in ascertaining the practicability of
deep mining.
Approved, April 4,1871.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Does the Chair
hold that I have a right to move that the
House adjourn?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; but the Chair
understood the gentleman to waive his motion
to that effect.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I do not; I
move that the House now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion for a few minutes. It
is not half past four yet.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Yery well; I
will withdraw the motion for a few minutes.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Kendall.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr." Burchard] insist upon his point
of order upon the pending amendment?
Mr. BURCHARD. Certainly I do.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask to be heard for one
moment in support of my amendment. I need
not remind old members upon this floor of
the importance of this commission to our
whole State of Nevada, and, indeed, to the
people of the whole country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
debate his amendment while the point of order
is pending. Does the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Burchard] waive the point?
Mr. BURCHARD. I do not; and I wish
to make another point—that this amendment
is not germane to the amendment of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. On which ground does
the gentleman rest his point of order?
Mr. BURCHARD. On both. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois makes the point of order that the appro-
priation proposed in the amendment is not in
pursuance of law. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move to amend the nine-
teenth amendment of the Senate by adding to
it the following:
And provided further, That the sum of $200,000, or
as much thereof as may be necessary, be, and hereby
is, appropriated to enable the Secretary of War to
pay tor making and testing a sea-coast rifle gun upon
a plan which has been recommended by a board of
Army officers, and approved by himself and the chief
of ordnance, said sum to bo derived from the sale
of condemned or obsolete ordnance or ordnance
stores.
I ask that a letter of the chief of ordnance
on this subject may be read.
Mr. AMBLER. I raise a point of order on
this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and he will remark that points
of order must be raised as soon as amendments
are read. Gentlemen who desire to raise points
of order on amendments must not allow them
to be debated. If there is no objection the
nineteenth amendment of the Senate will be
considered as concurred in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
concurrence in this amendment. I wish to
have read in connection with this subject a
paragraph from the New York Tribune. If
its statements are based on fact—and they
purport to come from those well informed in
reference to the subject—then it is time to
stop appropriations for West Point.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The investigation made last session into the riot
at the WestPoiat Military Academy, which resulted
in the adoption by the House of resolutions declar-
ing the opinion of that body as to the course the
Secretary of War should pursue in the premises, has
proved entirely fruitless. No attention has been
paid to the action of the House, and as several weeks
have since elapsed, it is not expected that any will
be. Flickinger, one of the three cadets who were
driven away by the mob of the first class, lias been
reappointed by his member of Congress, and will
reenter the Academy in June. The other two, Baird
and Barnes, have not been reinstated, nor can it be
learned that any measures have been taken to pun-
ish the persons engaged in the lynching affair. The
Secretary of War felt under no obligation to regard
the House resolutions, because they recommended
him to do what the law would not permit, namely,
to convene a court of inquiry, which can be only
done by the President; and the President is under-
stood to have said that the resolutions of the House
were of no more consequence than the doings of a
town meeting, which is technically true, inasmuch
as such resolutions have none of the force of law.
Apart from anything the House has done, however,
it does not appear that there is any reason why
means have not been taken to vindicate the disci-
pline of the Army and punish those who so grossly
violated it. It was certainly the duty either of the
President, Secretary of War, General-in-Chief, Su-
perintendent of the Academy, or some other officer
or official, to order an investigation, and bring to
justice the cadets who willfully violated the Articles
of War and the rules of the Academy: and it appears
to be equally certain that the person upon whom
this duty devolved has failed to perform it, without
any apparent cause for the neglect."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the state
ments made in the article just read are incor-
rect, then I hope some gentleman will correct
them. If they are true, then it is time that
we should stop all appropriations for the West
Point Academy.
Mr. BECKi This amendment of the Sen-
ate, appropriating $10,000 for repairs of the
damages caused by fire upon the cadet barracks
at West Point, is one eminently proper to be
adopted. Upon a full investigation of all the
facts we, at the last session of Congress, appro-
priated $60,000—the sum named in the esti-
mate of General Schriver, which I hold in my
hand—for a proper tire-proof building, which
certainly cannot be erected for any smaller
sum. The Senate, however, not having the
estimates before them, or overlooking this mat-
ter in some way, cut down the appropriation
to $40,000. Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, who rep-
resented the House upon the committee of
conference, concurred with the Senate; and
now General Schriver, the superintendent of
that building, comes back and assures us
that unless we now appropriate an additional
$10,000, making up the sum which the House
appropriated at the last session, this building
cannot be finished. The House at the last
session saw the propriety of this appropria-
tion. I will not take time to read the estimate
of General Schriver, but I have it before me,
and every one will admit it to be correct. I
hope that theamendment of the Senate will not
be embarrassed by any matter not germane
to it.
If the President or other officers of the Gov-
ernment have done wrong by not conforming
their action to the resolution of the House, I
am ready to condemn them ; but I do hope
that this House will not be prevented by a mat-
ter of this kind from adopting this very proper
amendment for the repairs of those barracks.
You cannot allow this building to go to destruc-
tion. The least we can do is to keep it in
repair, and this will be added to the appropri-
ations now remaining unexpended in order to
keep the building from going to destruction.
Even if you were hereafter to abolish the
Academy at West Point, you want this build-
ing put in such shape as to bring something to
the Government, if it shall ever come to be
disposed of. That discussion, however, must
be postponed to some other time.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is exhausted.
The amendment was concurred in.
printing of census reports.
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported back the follow-
ing concurrent resolution of the Senate with a
substitute:
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring,) That there
be printed one hundred and sixty thousand addi-
tional copies of the preliminaryreport of the United
States census for 1870, of which fifty thousand shall
be for the use of the Senate, one hundred thousand
shall be for the use of the House, and ten thousand
for distribution under the direction of the Census
Bureau.
The substitute was read, as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed twenty-five
thousand copies of the first volume ot the census of
1870, fifteen thousand five hundred copies of which
shall be fortheuse of the House of Representatives,
seven thousand copiesof which shall be for the use of
the Senate, and twenty-five hundred copies of which
shall be for the use of the Census Bureau; also ten
thousand copies of the second volume of the census
of 1870, sixty-five hundred copies of which shall be
for the use of the House of Representatives, twenty-
five hundred copies of which shall be for the use of
the Senate, and one thousand copies of which shall
be for the use of the Census Bureau; also fifteen
thousand copies of the third volume of the census
of 1870, eighty-five hundred copics of which shall
be for the use ol the House of Representatives, four
thousand copies of which shall be for the use of the
Senate, and twenty-five hundred copies of which
shall be for the use of the Census Bureau.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to know
why a discrimination is made between these
different volumes in the number of copies of
each ordered to be printed. It seems to me,
if we are to have them printed at all, we should
have complete sets.
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS. The reason is
this: the first volume will contain that matter
which is believed to be of the most general
interest, that referring to population. The
second volme, of which the smallest number
is ordered, will contain matters with reference
to mortality. The third volume will contain
matter referring to the industrial interests of
the country. The number is apportioned in
the ratio recommended by the Superintendent
of the Census, and in the ratio adopted in print-
ing the volumes of the preceding census, as
we have been informed by the Superintendent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What will be
