1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
repealing certain taxe3 now pending in the Senate
as will simplify, revise, and reduce both the inter-
nal taxes and the dutios on imported goods now in
force, and in such manner that the aggregate ofsuch
taxes shall not exceed the sums required to execute
the laws relating to the public debt and the current
expenditures of the Government, administered with
the strictest economy, and so that such taxes may
also bedistr.buted so as to impose the least possible
burden upon the people.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the bills referred
to in the resolution of the Senator from Ohio
be referred to the Committee on Finance—
the House bills on the table relating to taxa-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they have been
referred.
Mr. SCOTT. One has been; but the other
two, repealing the duties on coal and salt, have
not been referred. If there be no objection,
I submit a motion that, they be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the bills from the
House of Representatives on the table of the
Senate, reducing taxes, maybe referred to the
Committee on Finance, who are charged with
the investigation of that subject during the
recess by the resolution just adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What bills are those?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply inquired what
bills they were.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
they are the bills in regard to the duties on
coal and salt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer to have those
bills remain here, so that we may act upon
them if an opportunity presents itself. I object
to their being referred. We shall have time
enough to act on them probably while the
pending bill is in the other House, if the Sen-
ate shall pass it with amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, the Chair cannot entertain it at this
time.
guano discoveries.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire leave to report a
bill from the Committee on Commerce, and
ask that it be considered now if there be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland asks unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee on Com-
merce. It will be subject to objection after
the nature of the bill reported shall have been
disclosed.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 128)
to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of the United
States who may discover deposits of guano,"
approved August 18, 185(5, which Mr. Viokers
proposed to report from the Committee on
Commerce with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I remember that subject;
it is one which is open to dispute. I do not
know on which side of it I shall be after hear-
ing it discussed ; but it is a bill that ought not
to pass without consideration. I think, there-
fore, I must, object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, andthe bill is left unreported.
business of tiie session.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I offer the following
. resolution:
Resolved, That the order of the Senate limiting
the legislative business to be considered by the Sen-
ate at its present session he amended by adding
thereto the following words: "and also House bill
No. 380, on the subject of the removal of political
disabilities."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the present consideration
of the resolution, and it will lie over under the
rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
South Carolina desires to have action on that
matter this ihoraing—and I am in favor of
action myself—I would suggest that I be allowed
to call up a resolution which was laid on the
table some days ago, to rescind the order re-
stricting the business of the session, and that
being up he can offer his amendment. In that
way he can bring it up this morning if he
desires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
insisted on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was inquiring of the
Senator from South Carolina whether he de-
sired to have it acted on this morning?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I propose to call it up
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I hare no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is fair, and now
everybody may take notice.
printing of census report.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the concurrent res-
olution of the Senate for printing additional
copies of the preliminary report of the United
States census for 1870, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The resolution and amendment were referred
to the Committee on Printing.
enforcement of fourteentii amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 820) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the first amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was in section two, line
nine, to strike out the words "against the will
and," and in line ten to strike out the words
" of the United States" and insert " thereof;"
so as to read, " or delay the execution of any
law of the United States, or by force to seize,
take, or possess any property of the United
States contrary to the authority thereof, or by
force, intimidation," &c.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I do
not propose to trespass long upon the atten-
tion of the Senate. Having but recently taken
a seat in this Chamber I had not intended to
participate in the discussion of any question
that should come before the Senate at the pres-
ent session. The very extraordinary provis-
ions of this bill, however, as well as the char-
acter of the debate which has preceded its
introduction, will perhaps justify, if it does not
demand, a departure from the course I had
intended to pursue.
The discussion which has taken place in this
Chamber upon the resolution of the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Jir. Sherman] has been
purely of a partisan character, and must have
convinced the country, as I am sure it has sat-
isfied the Senate, that this session has been
held principally for the purpose of devising
some measures still further to oppress the
southern States and prevent a fair expression
of their condemnation, at the next presidential
election, of the present Administration and the
Republican party that sustains it.
When it became known that this session of
Congress was to be held, many persons indulged
the hope that something would be done to re-
lieve the people of the country from the oner-
ous burden of taxation weighing heavily upon
them. But in this expectation they have been
disappointed. Although we have been in ses-
sion for nearly six weeks no legislation look-
ing to the interest of the country has been
proposed by the majority on this floor. The
whole time has been spent in adjusting dis-
sensions in the Republican ranks and uniting
the party in a crusa'de against the people oi'
the South.
Nothing has been done or attempted to re-
vive the prostrate commerce of the country, or
to encourage industry and labor against the
exactions of monopolies and capital. Public
and private interests have alike been ignored
or treated as questions unworthy of consider-
ation in the American Senate. The minority
on this floor have >ainiy attempted to procure
from the Republican sideofthisChaniber some
recognition of the true interests and neces-
sities of the country. Its voice lias been un-
heeded and disregarded. The interest of party
has been regarded as paramount, in importance
to every other consideration, and by caucus
arrangement, as we believe, almost everything
else has been regarded as of secondary consid-
eration. In fact, by a resolution introduced by
the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony,] by direction, as there is rea-
son to suppose, of a party caucus, or at least
with its knowledge and consent, all questions
which promised relief to tbecountry have been
excluded from consideration in this Chamber
at the present session.
In vain the distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] sustained by most of
the Democrats on this floor, attempted to save
from the operation of that resolution the House
bill removing the duty on salt. His arguments,
as well as the arguments on this si.le of the
Chamber, demonstrated that the tax on that
article of prime necessity to every family in
the land, amounting to near nine million dol-
lars, was collected out of the people, not for
the benefit of the Treasury, but to protect
monopolies and capital engaged in its produc-
tion. If the necessities ofthe Treasury required
it. and the duties collected from salt went into
the Treasury and not into the pockets of the
capitalists engaged in its manui'acture, there
would be some reason for continuing theimpo-
sition of the duty. The Treasury, however,
does not require the $600,000 received from
that source. With $100,000,000 constantly
in the Treasury Mr. Boutwell might dispense
with that amount and still boast of a monthly
reduction of the public debt by means of the
taxes drawn from the labor and business of the
country.
Equally futile were the efforts of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Blaiii] and others to
induce the Senate to consider the bill, sent here
by the House, repealing the duty on coal. No
argument, no entreaty could induce the Radi-
cal majority on this floor to reUx tSie inexora-
ble decree of their caucus to consider only mat-
ters pertaining to party schemes. The relief
ot the peoplelroni the burdens of taxation has
been regarded as too trifling a matter for a
moment's consideration by the Republican
members of the Senate. Notwithstanding it
was shown that the tax upon salt and coal
amounted to nearly twenty million dollars, and
that less than two millions of tha' amount went
into the Treasury, the majority have refused
to heed the appeal of the people for relief
from exactions imposed and perpetuated for
the special benefit of particular and local
interests.
The Senator from California, [Mr. Casser-
ly,] aided by every Democratic Senator, ap-
pealed to the majority to consider at, the present
session the repealof the income tax demanded
by the people in every section of the country,
but the appeal was in vain ; caucus decrees, im-
posing "honorable obligations," in the lan-
guage of Senators, had determined otherwise.
This session was not held for the interest of the
country, but in the interest of party, and no
measure, except of a party character, however
important to tbe people, could be entertained.
We have been here since the 4th of ig&rch, and
nearly the whole time has been cajpiuiaed in
devising schemes of this character.
After an incubation of five weeks this measure
has been brought forward, not with any expecta-
tion, not, I repeat, with any desire by its dis-
cussion or adoption to advance the interest of
the country, but as a desperate scheme to prop
the falling fortunes of a desperateparty. What
does it propose ? Without stopping at. present
to look at the details of this bill, its general
purpose and object is to authorize Federal
