600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
interference in the internal affairs of the States
of this Union. Can this be rightfully done ?
Has Congress the constitutional power to divest
the States of the right to tegulate their own
local affairs?
In order to understand the source of con-
gressional power we of course must look at
the Constitution ; outside of the authority con-
ferred by that instrument it cannot be justly
claimed that Congress possesses any more
power to bind the States of this Union than
any other body of men. All our acts, unwar-
ranted by the letter or spirit of the grants of
power therein contained, are usurpations and
nullities. Such has been the theory of our
Government from its foundation; nor has any
other doctrine, until recently, been advocated
even by the friends of centralized power.
"Whatever latitude of construction may have
been insisted upon in the interpretation of
its provisions, it has at all times been con-
ceded that, unless authorized bj express grant
or by necessary implication from the power
expressly granted, neither Congress nor any
other department of the Government could
rightfully exercise any power, however bene-
ficial, apparently, the exercise of such power
might be. To this theory the practice of the
Government, until recently, has been con-
formed. Congress has not claimed any other
powers than those supposed to be found in the
Constitution, and if it has at any time trans-
cended its authority the Supreme Court has
not failed, when called upon, so to declare.
The Constitution, then, beingthe source of
all rightful power in Congress, does it contain
any warrant for the interposition of Federal
power in the internal affairs of the States; and
if so, what is the limitation upon that power?
Prior to the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion the States were separate and independent
communities, having no relation to each other
except as they became united by the Articles
of Confederation, principally for mutual pro-
tection and defense against a common enemy.
After the independence of the States had been
acknowledged they entered into a more per-
fect union by the adoption of the Constitu-
tion. In that instrument, which is the only
bond of union between the States, the powers
granted to the General Government are enum-
erated, and except such as are expressly denied
to the States, alt other powers are expressly
reserved to the States and to the people. Some
of the powers granted to the General Govern-
ment can only be exercised in certain contin-
gencies, as in the provision in reference to the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. There
the contingency upon which Congress may sus-
pend the privilege of the writ is the require-
ment of the public safety in cases of rebellion
or invasion. Of the same nature was the power
given in the fourth sectiou of article four to
the General Government to protect the State
against domestic violence. It is a power which
can only be exercised upon the application of
the Legislature, or the Governor of a State when
the Legislature cannot be convened. Here is
a positive inhibition against Federal interfer-
ence except upon invitation ofthe State author-
ities. This provision was not inserted as an
unmeaning clause in the Constitution, but as
a barrier and protection against the interfer-
ence of Federal power in the internal affairs
of theStates. It was a subjectthat had engaged
the attention of at least some of the members
of the Convention that formed the Constitu-
tion, and was intended as a guarantee to the
States against the intervention of the central
Government except by their permission and
request.
Soon after the Declaration of Independence,
I think some time m the latter part of the year
1776, a proposition was made in Congress, then
sitting in Philadelphia, to interfere in the local
affairs of the State which I have the honor in
part to represent upon this floor. Some dis-
satisfaction occurred in Sussex county in that
State, and some ill-feeling was manifested there
in reference to some of the acts of Congress.
A proposition was made in the continental Con-
gress to send a military force into the State
of Delaware for the purpose of overawing any
dissatisfaction that might exist in the lower
part of that State. Against such a proposition
one of our distinguished citisens at that time,
a gentleman who became known and was known
to the country in his day, Mr. George Bead,
protested, and wrote to Mr. Robert Morris, of
Pennsylvania, in reference to that subject.
I propose to read that correspondence for
the purpose of showing that at that early day
the people of the States would not consent that
the central power should interfere in any respect
with the affairs of the people of a State unless
they were specially invited so to do by the
State authorities. I will read the c rrespond-
ence to which I refer, which took place be-
tween Mr. George Read, of my own State, and
Mr. Robert Morris, both of whom afterward
were members of the Convention that framed
the Constitution:
New Castle, November 5.1776.
Sir : A report prevails here this morning that Con-
gress have ordered four companies of one of the Vir-
ginia battalions to Lewistown, on some intelligence
supposed to have been transmitted by Henry Jisher
to the council of safety of your province. Upon
inquiry I find that Mr. Rush, Secretary to the Pres-
ident, told the under-sheriff of this county so yes-
terday morning. I must own I can with difficulty
believe that Congress vrould take a step of this kind,
upon any application other than from the legislative
or executive bodies of this State, especially as the
Congress must know that the General Assembly is
now sitting at New Castle, who, it is to be presumed,
are the best judges of the necessity or propriety of
such a measure; but if such is the fact, take the
most speedy way to prevent its being carried into
execution.
s it may be attended with bad
consequences, as I well know the Legislature of this
State will look upon it as an ill-timed interference
with their internal affairs. As to Harry Fisher, he
may be qualified for the post assigned him by your
council of safety, and they may give him what credit
they think fit in that line, but they ought to be care-
ful of giving credit to his intelligence of the political
conduct or sentiments of the people of Sussex or any
other county in this government. More injury to the
common cause was done by sending down the rifle
battalion of your province last summer than most
people are aware of. I would not have it increased
by a repetition of insult. Let me hear from you by
the messenger, who is sent for the purpose, and you
will oblige yours, &c., ^ ,t.
GEORGE BEAD.
Hon. Robert Morris, Philadelphia.
To that letter Mr. Morris replied on the next
day, as follows:
Philadelphia, November 6, 1776.
Dear Sir: You will not wonder that I should be
obliged to answer your favor of the 5th instant in a
great hurry, after detaining the bearer some time
before I could even sit down to write.
It seems thero is some foundation tor the report
you heard, although not strictly true. I was not in
Congress when Dr. Rush brought the account from
the council of safety, but I am told he moved for
some continental troops being ordered down, which
was opposed by several members upon the very
principles you would wish, and finally the motion
was rejected; but as a Virginiaregimentwas ordered
up from the Eastern Shore, they were directed to
halt at Dover for the further orders of Congress, on
the supposition that your government would apply
for them if they should think it necessary.
This I believe to be the true state of facts, and, as
my sentiments are totally with you, I am ready to
obey your commands, or do anything you desire, if
in my power; being very sincerely, dear sir, your
obedient servant,
ROBERT MORRIS.
Hon. George Read, es<i., New Castle.
I have read this correspondence to show
that the subject of Federal interference with
the local affairs of theStates was one that had
engaged the attention of the men who formed
the Constitution long before its adoption.
This provision of the Constitution has been
until recently observed in practice by the Gov-
ernment. Prior to the administration of Mr.
Lincoln no President dared to disregard it.
His administration and the administration of
President Grant have the honor, if honor it
be, of setting at naught this salutary provision,
and invading the rights of the States, not to
suppress disorder, not to protect those States
against domestic violence, but for the purpose
of determining the result of their local elec-
tions, and for no other purpose whatsoever.
That this clause of the Constitution was in-
tended as an inhibition in terms on the power
of the Genex-al Government to interfere at its
pleasure in the internal affairs of the States I
presume will not be questioned. But, say our
Republican friends, the Constitution must now
be read in the light of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and the bill under consideration is en-
titled " An act to enforce the provisions of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes."
They seem to regard the fourteenth amend-
ment as conferring power on Congress to do
all and every act which it may desire; as in
effect modifying, if not abrogating, other pro-
visions of the Constitution.
There has been no adjudication defining t'ue
extent of congressional authority in all re-
spects under that amendment, and it may be
difficult to tell precisely the full measure of
power which it confers. But I cannot con-
ceive that it can possibly have the effect to
enlarge the powers of Congress beyond the
grant given in express terms in the amend-
ment itself. By what kind of construction it
can be supposed to supersede or annul a plain
provision of the Constitution upon a distinct
and different subject I am at a loss to determ-
ine. No rule of construction that has been
recognized by any court or enunciated by any
constitutional lawyer will warrant such a con-
clusion. Chief Justice Marshall, referring to
the grants of power contained in the Consti-
tution, in Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 Wheaton, says:
"We know of no rule for construing the extent
of such powers other than is given by the language
of the instrument which confers them, taken in con-
nection with the purposes for which they were con-
ferred."
Applying this rule of interpretation to the
fourteenth amendment, it certainly cannot be
maintained that it warrants the intervention
of the Federal power in the domestic concerns
of the States proposed by this bill.
The general purpose and intendment of the
fourteenth amendment was to secure the recog-
nition of citizenship to the negro race and pro-
tect them against unjust legislation in the State
discriminating injuriously against these rights.
But for this object the fourteenth amendment
would never have been adopted. If you look
at the various provisions of the amendment
they converge to this one point. I do not pro-
pose to examine them in detail, but it may be
safely affirmed that this was the objeet to be
secured by the amendment. The grant of
power to Congress in the amendment is to
enforce by appropriate legislation its provis-
ions. Until there is unjust discrimination,
therefore, in the protection given by the laws
of a State, Congress may not interfere by appro-
priate legislation in its affairs. Until this con-
tingency happens, congressional interference,
whether by appropriate legislation or other-
wise, would be usurpation unwarranted by any
provision of the Constitution or the amend-
ment thereto under consideration. I shall not
enter into the question of what is meant by
" appropriate legislation," because no case has
arisen requiring such legislation by Congress.
It is not contended that in any of the southern
States any unjust discrimination exists in their
laws requiring appropriate legislation, whether
by that term is meant the moral coercion of
law or the coercion of force authorized by law.
There is nothing, therefore, in the Constitu-
tion which justifies the passage of this bill;
on the contrary, its general purpose and object
is in violation of that instrument. It cannot
be justified bv precedent or sustained by any
authority in Congress to enact it, and I have
been impressed with the labor and effort^ of
Senators by a circuity of reasoning to^ find
somewhere in the range of fancy a justifica-
tion for the proposed interference with the
rights of the States.
The Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Fhk-
lingiujysejS,] after in vain attempting to sup-
port the right of Congress to interfere in
matters purely pertaining to the States and ex-
clusively uhd«r their control, as if not satisfied
