1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
So I assert that the evidence in the report
of the Senator from Pennsylvania and in the
minority report does not warrant the conclu-
sion of the resolution offered by the Senator
from Ohio, that organized bands of lawless
men now exist there. That they did exist, I
am free to admit, and I am free to denounce
them as unlawful assemblages of men for the
purpose of doing violence ; and I am glad that
they have been broken up. But if I were
asked, sitting as a juror upon a trial where this
was the issue to be decided according to the
evidence contained in the report, " Do you
believe that those organizations now exist in
North Carolina V" I should be compelled to
say no, according to my understanding of the
testimony.
A great deal has been said against these
organizations, and I think too much cannot
be said against them ; but why do not Senators
turn and speak against the acts of the Union
Leagues? Have not the negroes banded in
those Leagues been guilty of burning houses
and of committing other depredations? And
yet where is the Senator who has uttered words
of condemnation against them ?
Much has been said, too, to repel the insinu-
ation made against carpet baggers who have
fone down to the South. The Senator frcm
few Jersey [Mr. Frelinghutsen] spoke of
the right of the cobblers of Massachusetts
' and of the masons of New Jersey to go where
they pleased in pursuit of their fortune. No-
body questions that right. Kvery man in this
country has a right to go and pursue his for-
tune in any section of the Union that he may
desire, and nobody objects to his doing so. It
is not against, that class of men who go for
worthy purposes ; it is not against respectable
men who go to better their fortunes in the
southern States, that the people use this term,
because there are many such men, and they
would be welcome in any community in the
southern States. The southern people would
be glad to have them go down there and blend
their interests with theirs, take down their
capital and their energies and use them to
help build up the desolated South. But it is
against another class of men, men who are
bankrupt in fortune and in character at home,
who went down into the southern States for the
purpose of stirring up animosity between the
races ; that is the class of men against whom
the people of those States protest. They are
the real carpet baggers indeed ; and, sir, I say
there is no character beneath high heaven that
is more contemptible than such a man who goes
down there, and, for the purpose of promoting
his own political fortunes, seeks to stir up
enmity and strife between the races in that sec-
tion, endangering the peace and the happiness
of society.
I would not know what word to use to brand
such a man, because he is worthy of eternal
infamy. Sir, I have sometimes read with in-
dignation of the vampire that at night steals
into the chamber and sucks the life-blood of
the sleeping victim. Sometimes in my con-
templative moments I have thought of the
grave-worm that fattens on the dead and feeds
on corruption. But, sir, my indignation at
the one and my abhorrence at the other sub-
side as I remember that they have but obeyed
the instincts of their being. But these carpet-
baggers, bankrupt in fortune, destitute of any
reputation at home, go down intothe southern
States, stir up strife and animosity against the
people there who have raised up these colored
people and feel more kindly to them than any
other class of the community; and my indigna-
tion aud contempt and abhorrence and disgust
can know no abatement for a character so con-
temptible. And yet gentlemen speak about
the carpet-baggers and compare them to the
Pilgrim Fathers 1 Sir, these carpet-baggers
are the veriest scoundrels that God ever made.
They are a burlesque upon humanity, and they
deserve to be denounced anywhere; and for
otie, even in the American Senate, I will
denounce them as the most unworthy class of
men in this whole country.
But, then, this interference is in the name
of the Constitution! That is the language of
the honorable Senator from Ohio; aud 1 speak
of his resolution because it is the basis and is
au epitome of ail the reasons that have been
or can be assigned for the passage of this
measure. This action is to be had, this bill is
to be passed, because there is great anxiety
to protect the rights " expressly guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States to all
its citizens." I confess that it is refreshing
to hear Republican Senators speak about the
guarantees of the Constitution. Almost, every
guarantee of that sacred instrument for per-
sonal liberty has been stricken down in their
hands. Since they came into power personal
liberty has been treated as a matter of very
little concern. You may take up Ihe first ten
amendments of the Constitution, which were
inserted for the special purpose of protecting
the personal liberty and the rights of the cit-
izen against central power, and you will find
that during the administration of Mr. Lincoln
almost every guarantee of personal liberty was
stricken down in the dast. It is refreshing
now to hear Republican Senators and the Re-
publican party speaking of the guarantees, of
the rights secured by the Constitution!
They are now worshiping this Constitution,
paying devotion and adoration to this Consti-
tution that has almost perished in their keep-
ing. It reminds me, I say, of an incident in
history. When Constantine had died in his
palace in the suburbs of' Nieoinedia he was
taken by his friends to his palace at Constan-
tinople; he was placed upon a golden bed ;
the vestments of royalty were placed upon
him and a crown on his head ; and his court-
iers and admirers came at the appointed hour
and bowed down and adored their emperor
and master; they worshiped the dead Constan-
tine. And so the Republican party—of course
Republican Senators will not understand me
as speaking against them personally, but I
speak of them as representing the Republican
party—after they have stricken down the Con-
stitution, come now and do honor to its life-
less form, something similar to the action
of the courtiers of Constantine !
I repeat that you have no authority under
the Constitution to enact this law, and that
if you had there is no occasion for the exer-
cise of such authority. If crime exists the
States have ample power to prevent and pun-
ish it. Their courts are open, and it is a
slander upon the southern people and their
administration of justice to say that they tol-
erate the commission of crime in their midst
with impunity. Why, then, do you propose to
trench upon the rights of the States by passing
this bill? I answer, to promote party inter
est. You are afraid the southern States will
cast their electoral vote against your party in
1872; and you wish to interfere in their inter-
nal affairs that you may control their elections
by military power and prevent such a result.
This scheme has been concocted for that pur-
pose. Am I not warranted in such a conclu-
sion? Look at the fact. Your President sent
his annual message to Congress on the 6th day
of December last. No facts then existed which
warranted him in recommending congressional
interference in southern affairs. Yet, on the
16th day of the same month, this Senate passed
a resolution callingonthePresidentforinform-
ation in reference to outrages in the South.
This was the first step in the scheme that has
since been fully developed. Who does not
believe that the object of that resolution was
to have an excuse for Federal interference in
the States ?
The President replied to that resolution some
time in Jannary, and two or three days after-
ward the committee, of which the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania was chairman, was
appointed. That committee sat with closed
doors, a kind of Star-Chamber, investigating
the affairs of North Carolina ; and yet the men
of North Carolina who would have upheld her
honor, who would have defended her against
the foul aspersions that were being madeagainst
her by those who came here as witnesses, were
excluded, or at least that committee held secret
sessions with closed doors, perhaps for con-
venience. I do not charge the committee with
sitting with closed doors for the purpose of
doing injustice; it may have been a matter of
convenience ; and yet such was the effect of it.
Then its labors were suddenly terminated with
witnesses here subpenaed hy the minority mem-
bers of the committee who were not privileged
to testify because the labors of the committee
were brought to a sudden close and its report
brought in.
This was another step. As soon as that
report had been brought into the Senate and
ordered to be printed, there followed quick
upon its heels the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio as a further step in this scheme.
Then followed the discussion, a discussion of
two weeks, upon that resolution. Why was
such a protracted discussion had upon that res-
olution? After the Senator from Ohio had
spoken and he had been replied to by my col-
league, [Mr. Bayard,] and the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Scott] had spoken and he
had been replied to by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] we were perfectly willing
to allow the discussion to cease; but it was
protracted, and for what purpose? Was it not
to fire the northern mind ? Was it not to pre-
pare the people of the country for the passage
of this obnoxious bill? Will not that be the
interpretation put upon this protracted discus-
sion on a simple resolution to instruct the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill?
Why, sir, it is very obvious.
The principal business of this session has
been to make political capital, by heated parti-
san discussion to excite the country in order
that the vindictive feelings of the citizens of this
country may be 'stirred up against each other,
and thereby the Republican party be continued
in power.
Mr. President, after that resolution had been
under discussion there was a faltering in the
Republican ranks as to the passage of this bill
or a similar bill. It was manifested in the
action of the House of Representatives iti
sending to the Senate four or five different
resolutions proposing an adjournment of Con-
gress. Something must be done, and the de-
termination was had to pass some till, and tho
potent influence of the President of the United
States was invoked. In came a special mes-
sage from the President of the United States
asking Congress to confer upon him mors ab-
solute power than that which he already has.
Why, sir, had he not power enough? He had
more power than Washington had; he had
more power than General Jackson had; he had
more power than any President that ever pre-
ceded him had; and yet he makes the modest
request that there shall be an enlargement of
his powers!
He had, as I before remarked, power enough
last fall to interfere in the election of New
York, and to point the guns of the Unitec
States at that city. He had power enough,
according to his own interpretation of his pow-
ers, to call outthe marines and interfere in the
election in the city of Philadelphia. He had
almost unlimited power, according to his own
interpretation. Why, then, should he come
here and ask foran enlargement of his powers?
I repeat, it was to bring up the faltering mem-
bers of the Republican party to help carry out
and fix this party scheme. That was the object.
The potent influence of the President was in-
voked, aud he sent in his special message, and
this bill is before us. It never would have been
here had it not been for the message of the
President of the United States.
But that is not the only evidence that it
is a party scheme. The resolution of the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island; [Mr.
