1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
desolations of war, she has sought peace,
which has been refused her by the authors of
her ruin; but she has been unable to com-
mand it or to protect her peaceable citizens
through her own tribunal. She has found her
authorities assailed and weakened by those
who have conspired to outrage her people.
The Senator from Delaware well said, " the
distrust of the civil authorities causes and
encourages crime." Those who create such
distrust, by repeated slander and abuse, arc
responsible for the crimes that result. It is
unfortunate for a people when criminals be-
come so numerous and strong that they may
escape punishment by defying the constituted
authorities; but it is more unfortunate still
when they may openly denounce the authori-
ties, and, by calumny and falsehood, create
the distrust which causes and encourages crime.
Such has been the misfortune of many of the
southern States. To what end have their
judges been denounced as corrupt and incom-
petent? To what end have their legislative and
executive officers and magistrates been ridi-
culed and maligned ? To what end have more
than eighty thousand of the men of North
Carolina been falsely accused of forming secret
leagues for the purpose of theft, robbery, and
arson ? Was it to honor the State? Was it to
raise the southern people in the estimation of
the country? Was it to invite capital and
immigration to their borders? Was it to
persuade the nation that further interference
in their affairs is unnecessary? Was it to
strengthen the arm of State authority in the
suppression of crime, in the protection of life
and property, and in the enforcement of the
laws? Was it not, rather, to shield certain
criminals, regardless of the honor of the
States, at the expense of their .peace and
prosperity, and reckless of the consequences
of national interference, thus rendered neces-
sary l'or the protection of the rights and liber-
ties of American citizenship? Who can mea-
sure the magnitude of that assurance which
enables such enemies of a State to claim to
be its friends?
Every true man feels jealous of the honor
of his country. He feels some degree of per-
sonal shame at the commission of any crime
by one of his fellow-citizens. He cannot deny
or conceal it without a violation of public duty,
but he cannotadvert to it without mortification.
He naturally shrinks from the accusation of
saying or doing aught to the dishonor of his
own people. When, until now, were criminals
so bold as to seek to avail themselves of this
sensitiveness of honorable men to escape the
punishment and disgrace due their crimes?
This feeling, natural to all honorable citizens,
is understood by theKu Klux conspirators and
their apologists just well enough for them to
know with what force it may bo used to deter
good men from exposing them to the public
indignation which they deserve. They may
thus deter many sensitive to censure.
But it would be unfortunate, indeed, if they
could thus silence all good men in the south-
ern States. They have underestimated the
force of that elevated sense of public duty
which has impelled some southern men to
stem the current of sectionalism, defy the
taunts and slanders of their country's enemies,
uphold the rights and liberties of all alike, and
dare perform their duty in the face of all op-
position, however malignant or however sus-
tained. They have been encouraged by the
refusal of such men to notice the coarse attacks
of the partisan press, or the noisy malice of
petty slanderers, who imagine they have gained
importance when they have assailed their supe-
riors and escaped with contempt instead of
rebuke. They are unable to understand that
men actuated by elevated motives and intent,
upon the performance of high duties to their
!,ountry may have neither the inclination nor
the time to pause for the purpose of beating
off the snappers and snarlers that beset their
way. If there be any friend of the southern
42d C< ,Ta. 1st Sess.—No. 39.
people who would separate their interests from
the interests of party, who would tell them the
plain truth in plain words and counsel them
from the actual situation of affairs as it plainly
appears in this Capitol, the time has come
when he can no longer be silent.
The southern people have lately been regarded
by the nation as rebels and conquered enemies.
The leniency of the policy pursued toward
them is generally believed by the conquerors
to have been presumed upon and abused.
They are held responsible for the blood and
treasure lost by the nation in maintaining
against them its life and integrity. The
nation needs and demands peace and quiet,
that industry and thrift may repair its losses.
A further disturbance of the public peace by
any portion of the southern people will be
regarded with severity and met with measures
prompted by the nation's estimate of the
occurrences of the past.
The reconstruction policy, by which the
political and civil equality of all citizens is
made a constitutional right, is meant to be
enforced as a measure of national safety. If
there be not sufficient constitutional power to
enforce it effectually through the courts, or
should the courts be obstructed or in any wise
fail in its enforcement, the military power will
be used, even to the extent of a suspension
of the habeas corpus, military tribunals, the
quartering and subsisting of troops upon com-
munities, and any other measure that may be
deemed appropriate and necessary.
He deceives the South who holds out the
hope that the practical and complete enforce-
ment of the fourteenth amendment will be
abandoned by the Government, or allowed to
any considerable extent to be resisted in any
locality in the southern States. There is no
party in the North that would dare to defend
such resistance to the enforcement of the four-
teenth amendment, or countenance any attempt
on the part of the southern people to render it
practically of no effect. All indirect intima-
tions and hints that the southern people would
have northern support in local resistance to its
provisions are illusory and deceptive.
Colored men have been made citizens of the
United States in express terms by the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment. Previously
there was no express declaration that even
white men were citizens of the United States.
National citizenship, with all itsincident rights,
has now been expressly established and de-
clared. In addition, every native-born or nat-
uralized resident of a State has been declared
by the national Constitution to be a citizen of
that, State. The State is prohibited.from deny-
ing in any manner to such citizen within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
The Constitution of the United States, which
is the highest of all laws, guaranties to the
colored citizens civil and political equality with
the whites. If the States shall fail to secure
and enforce this right of the colored man, and
deny to him protection in the free exercise and
enjoyment of it as a citizen of the State, then
the United States, by virtue of his national
citizenship, must and will, by appropriate
legislation, by all the power of its courts, by its
land and naval forces, extend oyer him within
the States the shield of the national authority.
That man is an enemy to the southern people
who instigates or encourages them to any con-
duct inviting sueii Federal interference. The
colored people of the South, protected in their
rights only by the national arm, would soon
consider the southern whites as their natural
enemies, and, instead of contributing to the
common wealth and interests of society, would
become an element of continued mischief and
disorder. The Ku Ivlux organizations, by
defiance and evasion of the State authority,
have already taken the initiatory steps, and
unless speedily suppressed will bring upon the
South the incalculable calamities which the
situation threatens.
I yet hope it is possible to cscape more vio-
lent means by a prompt resort to the ordin-
ary Federal tribunals of justice. Unless that
resort be promptly and efficiently taken there
is no hope of escaping for another year the
application of the most stringent and ruinotfs
military measures.
It is due to the southern people that the pur-
poses of the Government should be plainly
declared, and the measures to which it would
feel authorized, in any event, to resort fully
indicated. The hesitation and delay of the
United States Government gave courage and
volume to the early stages of the rebellion,
and caused it to assume the gigantic propor-
tions which culminated in such loss to one sec-
tion and such utter ruin to the other.
I should be recreant in duty to my country
as an American Senator, recreant to my obli-
gations to the State which I represent, false to
the peace and welfare of the people in whose
sectional interests, feelings, and sympathies I
participate, if I should allow myself to be
deterred, by any circumstances or considera-
tions, from expressing my honest convictions,
giving my candid counsels, and aiding with my
local knowledge and information the proper
solution of a subject involving so vitally the
fundamental principles and ultimate safety of
the Republic.
Congress has been indisposed to beneficent
legislation toward the South, because of the
unsettled and threatening aspect of its affairs.
I am not prepared to say what would be the
remedial effect of general amnesty. The dis-
qualifications for office imposed by the four-
teenth amendment have never seemed to me
productive of any good result. They have
been the pretext for an attitude of eullenness
toward the Government, and even for resist-
ance to its policy, by organized crime and vio-
lence. I have favored the removal of these
disabilities, upon principles of public policy,
that there might be no pretext left for un-
friendliness to the Government on the part of
any of its citizens. They attach to but a few
thousands. Let them be removed.
But, sir, we must not forget that other class
of American citizens who are under far greater
disability in the exercise of their rights in the
southern States. The disabilities imposed by
the Ku Klux Klan upon tens of thousands of
the supporters of the Government should be
removed also. The nation should treat all
classes with perfect fairness and justice and
compel all to obey its laws and to respect the-
rights of their fellow-citizens.
Let its policy be even-handed justice in con-
ferring the amplest rights and liberties upon
all, and strong-handed protection of all in the
free exercise and enjoyment of those rights
and liberties. Thus only can it secure, upon
the one hand, the love of the people, and upon
the other, respect for its authority and power.
Thus only can the great Republic accomplish
the ends for which it was founded. Thus only
can it "establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty ' throughout its
extended domain.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bom-
| max in the chair.) The question is on agrec-
I ing to the first amendment of the Committee
i on the Judiciary, Is the Senate ready for the
' question?
■ ilr. CASSERLY. I ask to have that aroend-
i inent read.
' The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
; was in section two, line nine, to strike out the
| words "against tiie will and," and inline ten
! to strike out the words" of the United States,"
i and insert the word "thereof;" so that the
: clause will read :
' Or by force to seize, take, or possess any property
> of the United States contrary to the. authority
!; thereof.
* Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatamendmeutisneces-
j! sary to make the bill conform to the existing
! law. The bill down to that point is in a pres-
il cut statute, and unless the amendment is
