610
THE CONGRESSIONAX GLOBE.
April 12}
adopted we shall have changed the law for the
worse.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to submit some
remarks on this bill, but I prefer not to do it
now. If there is any other Senator who
wishes to speak I will give way to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio wish to proceed?
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] desires
to speak, and it was expected that he would
speak after the Senator from North Carolina
had closed. I have sent to his committee-
room ; and I presunje he will be here in a
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no Sen-
ator desires to continue discussion the Senate
will proceed to vote upon the amendments.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. THURMAN. If any other Senator is
prepared to speak and wishes to speak I will
give way. If there is not, I will say what I
have to say on this bill at this time, or yield to
an adjournment, at the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be guided, in the
charge of the bill, by the wishes of my honor-
able friend. We intend to vote on this bill
to-morrow, and if he prefers to occupy the
time to-morrow with the expectation that we
are going to dispose of the subject then, it will
be entirely agreeable to me to adjourn now.
I leave it entirely to his discretion.
Mr. THURMAN. With the expectation of
voting to-morrow ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; with the expecta-
tion of disposing of the subject to-morrow. If
with that expectation my Mend would prefer
to have us adjourn now, it will be entirely
agreeable to me.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not suppose it is
possible that we can get a vote on this bill to-
morrow, unless we resort to the very disagree-
able expedient of sitting the bill out; but I
think we can get a vote upon the bill on Fri-
day without having any night session at all. I
do not believe, from what I have been told by
Senators desiring to speak, that we can get a
vote on the bill to morrow. If we can, I should
be very glad, and I should have no objection ;
and I have no objection to going on now or
speaking in the morning, just as the Senate
prefer. -
Mr. EDMUNDS. I prefer that my friend
should exercise his own choice, with the in-
tention on our part of disposing of the bill to-
morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that we had bet-
ter adjourn and the Senator can speak in the
morning hour to-morrow. We meet at eleven
o'clock, and a large number of speeches may
be delivered by seven or eight o'clock in the
evening, and perhaps by eight or nine o'clock
we can get the vote.
Mr. THURMAN. That may be. Does the
Senate wish an executive session i I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we had better
have an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio yields to the Senator from New York,
who moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. THURMAN. I made the motion myself.
TheYICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio himself makes the motion. He would
retain the right to the floor in either event.
The question is on the motion for an executive
session.
The motion was agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY. While the doors are being
closed t ask unanimous consent to introduce
a bill of which no notice has been given, with
a view of referring it to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not with-
in the restrictive rule, but the title of the bill
will be reported, and if there is no objection
it will be received and referred.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 814) for the relief
of Martha J. Thurston; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the act (S. No. 21) to
pay members of certain military organizations
therein named.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After ten minutes spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened ;
and (at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 12, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
bridge across missouri river.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce for present con-
sideration a bill to authorize the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river at or near
St. Joseph, Missouri.
The bill was read for information, and is as
follows:
Be it enacted. &c.. That it shall be lawful for the
St. Joseph Jiridge-liuilding Company, acorporation
organized for that purpose under the general corpo-
ration laws of the State of Missouri, to construct a
bridge across the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph,
Missouri, and to lay on and over said bridge railway
tracks for the more perfect connection of any and
all railways that are now or which may hereafter be
constructed to the Missouri river at or near St.
Joseph, or to the river on the opposite side of the
same near St. Joseph; and build, erect, and lay on
and over said bridge, ways for wagons, vehicles of
all kinds, and for the transit of animals, and to pro-
vide ways for foot passengers, and to keep up, main-
tain, and operate said bridge for the purposes afore-
said; and that when said bridge is constructed, all
trains of all railroads terminating at said river, and
on the opposite side thereof, at or near St. Joseph,
Missouri, shall be allowed to cross said bridge for
reasonable compensation, to be made to the owners
of the same, under the limitations and conditions
hereafter named. The owners of said bridge may
also charge and receive reasonable compensation or
tolls for the transit over the said bridge of all wag-
ons, carriages, vehicles, animals, and foot passengers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any bridge
built under the provisions of this act may, at the
option of thccorporations building the same, be built
as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw,
or with unbroken or continuous spans: Provided,
That if the same shall be made of unbroken, con-
tinuous spans, it shall not be of less elevation in any
case than fifty feet above extreme high-watermark,
as understood at the point of location, to the bottom
chord of the bridge, nor shall the spans of said
bridge be less than three hundred and fifty feet in
length, and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
with the current of the river, and the main span
shall be over the main channel of the river, and not
less than threehundred feetin length: And provided
also, That if a bridge shall be built under this act as
a draw-bridge, the same shall be constructed as a
pivot draw-bridge, with a draw overthe main chan-
nel of the river at an accessible and navigable
point, and with spans of not less than two hundred
feet in length in the clear on each side of the cen-
tral or pivot pier of the draw, and the next adjoin-
ing spans to thedraw shall not be less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet; and said spans shall not be less
than thirty feet above low-water mark, and not less
than ten foetaboveextremehigh-water mark, meas-
uring to the bottom chord of the bridge, and the
piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the cur-
rent of the river: And provided also* That said draw
shall be opened promptly, upon reasonable signal,
for the passage of boats whose construction shall
not be buch as to admit of their passage under the
permanent spans of said bridge, except when trains
are passing over the same ; but in no case shall un-
necessary delay occur in opening the said draw
during or after the passage of trains: And provided
further. That the corporation building said bridge
shall have authority to enter upon the banks ofsaid
river, either above or below the point of the loca-
tion of said bridge, fov a distance of geven miles,
and erect and maintain break-waters, or use such
other means as may be necessary to make a channel
for said river and confine the flow of the water to a
permanent channel, and to do whatever may be
necessary to accomplish said object, but shall not
impede or obstruct the navigation of the said river;
and all plans for such works or erections upon the
banks of the river shall first be submitted to the
chief engineer of the United States Army for his
approval.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any bridge
built under this act, and according to its limitations,
shall be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which, also, no
higher charge shall be made for the transmission
over the same of the mails, the troops, and the mu-
nitions of war of the United States than the rate
per mile paid for their transportation over the rail-
roads or public highways leading to the said bridge.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That in case of
any litigation arising from any obstruction or al-
leged obstruction to the free navigation of the Mis-
souri river at or near the crossing of said bridge,
and caused or alleged to be caused thereby, the
cause shall be commenced and tried in the district
courts of either judicial districts of Missouri or
Kansas in which the said bridge or any portion of
such obstruction touches; and the right to alter
or amend this act so as to prevent or remove all
material obstructions to the navigation of said
river by the construction of said bridge is hereby
expressly reserved. And all such alterations, when
required by Jaw, shall be made at the expense of
said bridge company.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object, unless the
bill is recommended by a committee.
Mr. CONGER. I will state to the House
that the bill has been examined by the mem-
bers of the present House who wero members
of the Committee on Commerce of last Con-
gress, and they find that it corresponds in its
terms with what was required in other bridge
bills which were passed daring last session.
I think there can be no objection to its pas-
Mr. BURCHARD. If the gentlemen who
were members of the Committee on Commerce
are satisfied with the bill I withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless there is a provision
that the plans shall be approved by the Secre-
tary of War I shall have to object.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. That is in the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to hear that por-
tion of the bill, and until it is read I reserve
the right to object.
The Clerk read as follows :
And all plans for such works or erections upon the
banks of the river shall first be submitted to the
chief engineer of the United States Army for his
approval.
Mr. POTTER. T would ask the gentleman
who has charge of the bill whether it has been
submitted to the gentleman from Kansas,
[Mr. Lowe?]
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. It has.
Mr. POTTER. Does he approve of it?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. He does.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand the
language in the clause which has been read,
u for such works or erections upon the banks
of the river." Will the gentleman explain it?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I will explain
it to the gentleman. He understands that the
current of the Missouri river at that point, and
in fact at all other points, is constantly chang-
ing. Before any bridge can be constructed
there the flow of the water has to be confined
to a permanent channel. This company asks
permission to go upon the banks of the river
and make such erections as are necessary to
protect the Kansas shore. The river is now
cutting in at the rate of one hundred and sixty
acres of land per night at high water, and the
company asks permission to go to the Kansas
bank to protect the channel of the river. And
the bill provides that the plans shall be sub-
mitted to the chief of engineers of the Array for
his approval, and in another section it is pro-
vided that the construction of the bridge shall
be subject to his approval.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is not in the section
just read
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Then it is in
another section; it was put in by my colleague,
[Mr. Finkelnburg,] a member of the late
Committee on Commerce.
