im.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
Mr. WELLS. I objected to this bill when
it was before the House a few days ago on
account of the length of the spans and height of
the piers proposed in the bill. My colleague
who has charge of the bill has changed the
spans to three hundred and fifty feet, and fifty
feet above high-water if a span bridge, and if
a drawer the drawer to be not less than two
hundred feet. Believing a bridge of that class
will not obstruct the navigation of the river, I
see no objection to the passage of the bill, and
hope it may pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the fourth
section by adding thereto the following:
That the plan on which said bridge is intended to
be built, and shall be built, shall bo first submitted
to and approved by the Secretary ofWar.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am willing
to accept that amendment, although the bill
already provides that the chief of engineers
shall approve the plan.
Mr. KERR. If I have not misunderstood
the bill from its reading, it attempts to give
to a private corporation jurisdiction over a
part of the soil of a State to exercise certain
rights there; I do not know precisely what
they are. It is an attempt by act of Congress
to give jurisdiction over the public domain of
a State to a private corporation in that State.
I must object to the bill on that account; at
least, I think it should be referred to the proper
committee for further examination.
The bill (H. R. No. 883) was then read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering it to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose the amendment
indicated a moment ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KERR. Does my objection to the bill
go for nothing ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman to object to the introduc-
tion of the bill, but, to its passage.
Mr. KERR. I object to its introduction.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too
familiar with the rules of the House to be
reminded that by arguing the merits of the
bill he has waived his right to object to the
introduction of the bill.
Mr. KERR. Then I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 72, noes 53.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Parker, of
Missouri, and Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 58, noes 63.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
The SPEAKER. That motion is notin order
pending the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to withdrawn his motion,
so that I may make the one I have indicated.
He can renew it should my motion fail.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw the motion to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce when
appoij ted.
The motion to refer was agreed to upon a
division—ayes 78, noes 41.
members from connecticut.
Mr. McCRARY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following res-
olution :
Resolved, Thnt Julius L. Strong, Henry II. Stark-
weather, and William II. Barnuni be sworn m as
members of this House from the first, second, and
fourth districts of Connecticut, respectively.
I ask the Clerk to read a certificate which I
send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To whom it may concern ;
I, D. W. Edgeeomb, ehief clerk in the office of the
secretary of the State of Connecticut, and by custom
as such clerk ex officio clerk of the board of canvass-
ers of the said State, do hereby cyertify, by order of
Charles M. Pond, esq., treasurer of the State of Con-
necticut and chairman of the said board of canvass-
ers, as appears by the certificate of the said Charles
M. Pond, treasurer as aforesaid, hereto annexed, that
,Talius L. Strong appears to be elected to represent
the first congressional district of this State in the
Forty-Second Congress of the United States; that
Henry H. Starkweather appears to be elected to rep-
resent the third congressional district of this State
in the Forty-Second Congress of the United States;
that William II. Barnuin appears to be elected to
represent the fourth congressional district of this
State in the Forty-Second Congress of the United
States, by satisfactory testimony outside of the offi-
cial canvass, said official canvass not having as yet
been made.
Done this 11th day of April, A. D. 1871.
D. W. EDGECOMB.
Chief Cleric in the Office of the Secretary
of the State of Connecticut,
and ex-officio Cleric, as above set forth.
I, Charles M. Pond, treasurer of the State of Con-
necticut, and, as such, chairman of the board of can-
vassers, do hereby certify to the facts as above set
forth.
Done this 11th day of April, A. D. 18tl.
CHARLES M. POND,
Treasurer of the State of Connecticut,
State of Coxnecticut,
Office of the Secretary ofState, ss:
I, Thomas M. Waller, secretary of the said State
of Connecticut, and keeper of the seal thereof, do
hereby certify that Charles M. Pond was, at the time
of subscribing the foregoing attestation, treasurer
of the State of Connecticut, and that the signature
of the said Charles M. Pond is genuine.
And I further certify that D. W. Bdgocomb was,
at the time of subscribing the foregoing attestation,
chief clerk in the office of the secretary of this State,
and by custom, as such clerk, clerk of the board of
canvassers, and that the signature of the said D. W.
Edgecomb thereunto is genuine.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
r. „ i hand and affixed the seal of said State, at
[L. S.J ijartford, this 11th day of April, A. D. 1871.
THOMAS M. WALLER,
Secretary of State.
The question was taken upon the resolution,
and it was adopted.
And thereupon, Mr. Julius L. Stroxg and
Mr. HexryH. Starkweather presented them-
selves and qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1862.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the consider-
ation in the House, as in Committee of the
Whole, of the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 19, making appropriations for
the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes. The Clerk will read the pending
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Before that amendment is
read, I wish to inquire whether in the first
paragraph of the text of the bill the act grant-
ing pensions is described as approved Febru-
ary 15, 1871.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that it is.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
that the word "fifteen" may be changed to
" fourteen."
The SPEAKER. That change will be made
if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendment offered yesterday by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Platt,] and which
was pending when the House adjourned.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the nineteenth amendment of the Senate
the following: ,
For repairs of the residence of the commandant at
Fortress Monroe, Virginia, $500.
Mr. DAWES. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted upon a mere outside sugges-
tion. There is no official recommendation in
its favor. There is no ground for it except the
fact that a few gentlemen were entertained
down there.
Mr. PLATT. If debate is in order, I shall
demand the right to explain the amendment.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes thirty-nine, noes
not counted.
Mr. PLATT. I believe yesterday there was
pending a call for tellers.
The SPEAKER. As no quorum has voted
the Chair will order tellers, and will appoint
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dai?es.]
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 61, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG'. I move to amend the pending
amendment of the Senate by adding thereto
the following:
That the sum of $1,440 be appropriated, and the
Secretary of-War is directed to see that this sum is
Slid, to the three cadets, Baird, Flickinger, and
arnes, who were forcibly, illegally, and cruelly
forced from the Military Apademy at West Point,
this being the sum of money which would have been
due them had they been permitted to remain until
June next.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not in pursuance of
existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The nineteenth amendment of the Senate
was concurred in.
The twenty-seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate, in which the committee recommended
concurrence, was read as follows :
Insert the following as a new paragraph:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
folding documents, and materials for the House of
Iteprescntatives, $20,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
the amendment just read by adding the fol-
lowing :
And for the completion of the glass structure for
the culture of medicinal, textile, and economic
plants, on reservation No. 2, $4,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this amendment proposes new legislation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The twenty seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate was concurred in.
The thirty-first amendment of the Senate, in
which the committee recommended concur-
rence, was read as follows:
Insert the following as a new paragraph:
To pay Dexter R. Crocker for carrying the mail
from Canyonville, Oregon, to Yreka, California,
from the 24th of April to the 9th of November, 1853,
$1,625.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is only a claim.
The SPEAKER. A point of order cannot
be raised on amendments of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a claim, having
properly no place in this bill, and I am sur-
prised that the committee recommend concur-
rence.
Mr. DAWES. I will state the reason which
induced the committee to recommend concur-
rence. Although this is a claim in one sense,
it is merely the sum which has been found due
to this man at the Post Office Department for
carrying the mails; but it was found that the
appropriation from which he should have been
paid had beei^ covered into the Treasury by
general law. 1 ask the Clerk to read what was
said in the Senate by Senator Ramsey, chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Offices and
Post Roads. It states the grounds upon which
we allowed the amendment to remain in the
bill. We considered that it would have been
paid by its own force if we had not covered
into the Treasury the appropriation out of which
it was to be paid.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was this mail car-
ried by contract?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
