1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
were improperly and erroneously cov-
ered into the Treasury.
At a subsequent time, in a controversy based
upon one of these seizures, the present Chief
Justice of the United States, at the time acting
in the capacity of circuit judge in his own cir-
cuit, at Charleston, South Carolina, in refer-
ence to this very question, on the 15th of
August, 1869, instructed the jury as follows:
"No agent of the Treasury Department was jus-
tified in receiving, after the 30th of June, 1865, any
captured property, unless theretofore surrendered,
much less was any such officer warranted in making
capture of unsurrendered cotton himself after that
date, with or without military aid. He had no au-
thority to do so. All his powers, as we have said to
you, were derived from the Treasury Department;
and when the Treasury Department withdrew the
general authority, itwas abandoned. If you find for
the plaintiff, it will be your duty to assess the value
of the property at the time of the conversion, with
lawful interest from date."
Now, I want also to call the attention of the
House to the fact that since the date of that
instruction the Supreme Court itself, in the
case of the steamer Cotton Plant, fully
sustained the decision of the Chief Justice,
acting as circuit court judge in the case in
South Carolina. It may therefore now be
taken as the settled law of the country that at
the time these seizures were made, between
the 30th of June, 1865, and the last of Decem-
ber of that year, every seizure so made was
made without authority of law, ought never to
have been made, and that the proceeds of the
cotton so seized and taken, having been cov-
ered into the Treasury, belongs in justice and
in equity to the persons whose property was
so taken and converted. There is involved in
this matter no question of confiscation or legal
capture of property in war. The war was over,
peace restored, restrictions upon commercial
intercourse withdrawn, and the officers stripped
of authority. The officers had, at the time, no
more right to take cotton than to take any
other kind of property. They might as well
have taken horses, or gold watches, or any-
thing else.
I desire further to say in this connection
that this very subject, in the last Congress and
toward the conclusion of that Congress, was
considered by its Committee on the Judiciary,
and favorably acted upon and recommended
to the House. Owing to several circumstances
it was not in the power of the chairman of
that committee, whom I do not now see in his
seat, [Mr. Bingham,] to present it to the
House for consideration. 1 hope there will be
no objection to the consideration of this mat-
ter at this time.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I desire to suggest to my friend
in this connection that the Secretary of the
Treasury caused a bill to be prepared, and
which was sent to us by Mr. Saville and passed
the 15th of March, 1871, the seventeenth sec-
tion of which, looking to this class of cases,
provides:
"That in all cases where money has been errone-
ously covered into the Treasury of the United States,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall have authority,
by warrant and counter-warrant, to correct said
erroneous entry, charging the amount to a general
account, to be known as 'transfer of moneys erron-
eously covered.'"
These accounts, therefore, are now all made
out, showing what is due on each account;
and then it goes on to provide, as follows:
" But nothing heroin contained shall be construed
to authorize the payment from the Treasury of any
moneys thus erroneously covered without specific
authority of law."
Mr. KER.Lt. Without that authority the
Secretary of the Treasury could not go on and
pay off these claims as they have been made
up and audited. That authority, I believe, he
desires, and I think it should be given him
upon every principle of justice. 1 hope no
question of order will be insisted on. I would
not ask this amendment if it were not abso-
lutely just and right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has made a point of
order against this amendment.
Mr. KERR. I hope the pointof order will
not be pressed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 insist
on the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MERRITT. I move to amend by add-
ing to the thirty-seventh amendment of the
Senate the following:
That the appropriation for the survey of ttie
boundary line between Idaho and Utah Territo-
ries. contained in the act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
approved March 3, 1871, is hereby made subject to
present use.
The object of this amendment is to allow
the Secretary of the Interior to expend imme-
diately the amount appropriated by the Forty-
First Congress for the establishment of the
boundary line between Utah and Idaho. A
portion of that boundary line is yet undefined,
and consequently there are one thousand or
fifteen hundred people who claim to belong to
either Territory, according to circumstances.
When the tax collector of Utah comes round
they claim to be citizens of Idaho; when the
tax collector of Idaho comes round they claim
to be citizens of Utah. The boundary is not
yet defined further than by the more declara-
tion in the act organizing the Territory of
Idaho.
Mr. DAVVES. When will the next election
take place?
Mr. MERR1TT. In 1872. This will not
have any political effect at all.
Mr. DAWES. There is no need of this
appropriation taking effect before the 1st of
next July.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I would like to
see this amendment adopted, so that the sur-
vey may be begun this spring.
Mr. DAWES. There has not been the slight-
est intimation from the Department that it is
desirable to commence this work before the
1st of next July. I think we may presume
that the Department will take care of this mat-
ter. If we are to go on adopting propositions
of this kind, we might as well sweep away all
distinction between the fiscal years. It is with
the greatest reluctance that the committee
departed from that distinction in one instance;
and I trust we shall not do so in any other case
without at least some suggestion from the
Department having the matter in charge.
Mr. MERRITT. I have consulted the As-
sistant Secretary of the Interior, who has
expressed his willingness to put this work in
operation at once, if the appropriation be made
subject to present use. But under the exist-
ing law it will not go into effect until the 1st
of July. The best season to make the survey,
is during the months of May, June, and July.
After the water of the rivers has risen it will
be impossible perhaps to make the survey,
because a great portion of the line will be over-
flowed. The amount to be expended is only
$6,400; and I imagine it cannot make much
difference whether it be expended in the months
of May, June, and July, or in the months of
July, August, and September. I have con-
sulted in regard to this question with the Del-
egate from Utah, [Mr. Hoopei'.,] who has no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. These two gentlemen may
thiuk this proposition right, and I dislike very
much to interfere in so small a matter. But
such innovations disturb the whole arrange-
ment of the appropriations, and unless the
proper Department states some necessity for
it 1* must object to the adoption of any such
amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has just
advocated the same proposition in a matter
involving an expenditure of millions.
Mr. DAWES. I have just said that the
exception has been made in one instance with
great reluctance and because of great public
works which must necessarily be commenced
during the present season. The reasons in
that case were strong; but I cannot consent to
having a similar amendment adopted for the
mere sake of convenience in an unimportant
case.
So the amendment was agreed to, there
being—ayes 01, noes 58.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move to amend
the amendment of the Senate by adding the
following:
That in all eases where loyal citizens of the United
States have had their personal property seized, sold,
and the proceeds thereof eovered into theTreasury,
such persons aro authorized to sue for said classes
of property in the Court of Claims, in accordance
with the rules and regulations of said court hereto-
fore prescribed by law.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendme'nt proposes new legislation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to offer the amend-
ment which I send to the desk, and I hope
that no point of order will be made upon it
till I have said a few words in explanation
of it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to the Senate amendment the following para-
graph :
Thatthesumneeessary to pay. in conformity with
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to the soldiers who were mustered into the
service of the United States for three years between
the 1th day of May and the 22d day of July, 1861,
and who were honorably discharged and not entitled
to such bounty uneter existing laws, and to the wid-
ows and children, in the order named, of such as are
deceased, the bounty of S100 contemplated in the
President's proclamation ot May 3.1801. and orders
of the War Department of May, Z861, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
reserve his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I reserve my point of order
until I have heard the statement of the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the House
will bear in mind that this appropriation has
been made by the House already. The bill
making it passed the House and also passed
the Senate, but passed each House at different
periods of time. It passed with great unan-
imity in this. House, and I also believe passed
with great unanimity in the Senate. It is very
clear it is an appropriation which should be
made, and I ask gentlemen of the House to
notice the strong language of the Supreme
Court of the United States in deciding upon
the validity of this claim. Judge Swayne in
that decision, and in answering the Attorney
General, said:
"We may add that it would not comport with the
dignity of the Government thus to break faith with
the gallant men who in that hour of gloom stood
forth to peril their lives for their country."
I think the House of Representatives should
not yield to the Supreme Court in proper
regard for the in en who made sacrifices for
their country in 1801. I do not think we should
break faith with them iu view of the promise
so distinctly made by both branches of Con-
gress. There is no claim against the Govern-
ment and never has been which more earnestly
appeals to the good faith of Congress to sustain
and confirm it. There is nothing which requires
a more detiuite exercise of good faith on our
part.
I trust the gentleman from Massachusetts
will not raise his point of order for another
reason. Congress has already adjudicated the
matter. This House passed a measure making
the appropriation demanded by good faith, and
nothing but a technical objection can rulo out
my amendment. To make the point that it is
not in conformity with existing law, if made
against it, will, in reality, be nothing more
than a technical objection, for both Houses
of Congress, but at dilTerenttimes, have passed
bills on this subject. The appropriation must
be made at some time, and it should be made,
in my judgment, while these men are living
instead of being postponed to some future
