618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
in the Distriot of Columbia as the Secretary of War
shall designate, and that a report of the distribution
of the money hereby appropriated shall be made to
Congress at its next session.
Mr. KERR. I move non-concurrence in
that amendment.
The question being put, " Will the House
concur in the Senate amendment?" there
were—ayes 73, noes 67.
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. Will there be any objection
to my staling what this appropriation is for?
Mr. KERR. I do not object. I shall be
happy to hear the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. During the war, as is well
known, a great many colored people were
driven into this city from the southern States,
and from Maryland, and all around. And the
poor, the old, the decrepit, and those unable
to take care of themselves, fell under the
charge of a lady of benevolence, Mrs. Griffing,
who devoted her time to looking after them.
She has gone about soliciting subscriptions for
them. From time to time Congress has aided
by giving a small appropriation. In this way
she has literally kept them alive. They have
been dependent upon her. Some of them are
nearly a hundred years old. Some of them are
blind. She has devoted her life to them. She has
gone to the market and purchased Indian meal,
and has herself superintended the distribu-
tion of a peck to this family and a bushel to
that, and of the various absolute necessities
of life to these poor people. They are now
without anything to rely upon except what she
gets. She has done this without salary or
compensation, presenting one of the most
remarkable cases of devotion to benevolent
efforts that has ever come under my observa-
tion. I have known her as engaged in this
work for ten years, going from this benevo-
lent man to that, soliciting money to keep
these poor people alive.
I have before me a letter she has written in
support of this appropriation, a letter which
was read in the Senate, in which she says that
many of these poor people are nothing but
skeletons to-day, and unless they can have a
peck of meal or something of that kind doled
out to them for a little while, until the organ-
ization of the territorial government in this
city shall take some charge of them, or she can
go forth on her mission of soliciting charity for
them, they will literally starve here under the
eaves of the Capitol.
They are here in a District of which, by the
Constitution, we are clothed with the exclu-
sive jurisdiction; a class of people that the
iJistnct itself does not feel itself under obliga-
tions to support, because they did not originate
here. I hey came here as a part of the inci-
dents and necessities of the war. They flocked
m here, having no place of settlement any-
where e se, being wanderers on the face of
ijaI ' anc' t'le °'ty government feels it
would be an extraordinary burden upon them
it they were compelled to support them. The
question is whether the United States Govern-
ment, as they are United States citizens, shall
not grant this little pittance to them rather
than let them starve, or whether we will
attempt to impose this unusual burden upon
the District of Columbia. That is the whole
case.
Mr. KERR. I object to this amendment,
because this mode of using money does very
little good, leads to great abuses, is liable to
constant misapplication and perversion, and
the vicious effect of inducing this class of
people to come from all parts of the surround-
ing country to the city of Washington and take
up some sort of an abode here; and besides,
InnL"^ i imProPef t0 sta^, what I cannot
a qpf nf ?•  -rU<i',4 ,fc t!ley are encouraged by
P'° £ h cksters, office-seekers, and
demagogues who live about this capital and
who m my judgment, manage to nick im
ruseythpm ftWS kiDd 0f uaPP«>P«ations and
to use them for purposes that are by no means
such as those the gentleman from Massachusetts
refers to.
Mr. DAWES. That maybe true of others.
It cannot be true of those of whom I have
spoken.
Mr. KERR. I have no doubt that many of
these colored persons are driven in here. I
think there are persons out now in the sur-
rounding counties driving this class of colored
men into the District, in order that next Thurs-
day a week from to-morrow th^y may vote the
Radical ticket here. One of those drivers the
other day, who was down the Potomac trying
to get these people here, was unfortunately
drowned. Such, at least, I am informed is
true, and I have excellent reason to believe
my informant was well advised in the premises.
I think it will be doing better justice to this
District if we cease to offer this kind of in-
ducements or temptations, and thus close the
door against this class of people, and let these
colored people understand that they can better
promote their interests by remaining at home
in their own sections and their own neighbor-
hoods, and pursuing some honest avocations,
as other people elsewhere in the country have
to do. I do not think- there is any honesty
or justice in holding out inducements to this
worthless class of people to come here, to
make this capital of the country a sort of
political poor-house and school for idleness
in which they may be supported at the expense
of all the country in a sort of vagabondage.
I am opposed to this amendment because, in
my judgment, the distribution of this money
will be so conducted as to accomplish no good
end. I have no prejudice against these col-
ored men, but I have a prejudice against idle-
ness, against making the industrious support
the lazy, and against lending the people's
money to aid political place-hunters in this
District.
Mr. NIBLACK. Allow me to remark that
these appeals are generally made just before
the time for holding elections.
^-r- KERR. Yes; that is a most remark-
able fact that I have observed to be often veri-
fied during the last six years. And it is not
only true now in reference to this particular
appropriation, but I invite the attention of the
House to the fact, a little significant in this
day s proceedings, that a moment since an
amendment, evidently far more meritorious
than this, for the relief of certain soldiers who
had served their country, was objected to by
gentlemen on the other side when offered by
my colleague, [Mr. Holmax.]
■ ^r'-R-A-^DALL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to the fact that the Washington Market
Company is compelled to distribute $25,000
to the support of the poor.
_Mr. DAWES. That is, the poor of the Dis-
trict proper.
Mr, RANDALL. I think that is as much
as Congress should give. I have no desire to
So-^nnn1? thiS discussion, but I think
!?<fo,000 is enough for Congress to give to the
poor of this District.
Mr. KERR. I desire to add another word
to what I have already said. I think that in
reference to all subjects of this kind they should
be remitted entirely to the control and regula-
tion of the constituted authorities of the Dis-
trict. If the District, if the people of the Dis-
trict, in the exercise of their discretion or of
their power, see fit to suffer this class of peo-
pie to come in here and obtrude themselves
upon them m this way for support, then they
ought to be required to provide for them and
take care of them out of their own means and
at their own expense, and not seek to make
heir support a charge upon my constituents,
oi those of any of us from other portions of
ofliK i have undoubtedly a full share
of like burdens of their own to bear. f have
no lack of sympathy, Mr. Speaker, for the
poor, the unfortunate, or the worthy poor of
any color; but this business must stop some-
where. There must be some limit, some time
when this District shall be required to bear its
own burdens. It is unjust to the people of
the District itself for the Congress to give any
sort of countenance to the habits of idlers arid
vagrants from other sections to come here for
alms. They never fail to fall under the influ-
ence and control of the political adventurers
who infest this capital. They are by them
always used to carry elections against the
wishes of the better citizens, the bona jide
residents, the tax-payers. Then the officers
so foisted' upon the people, without honest
sympathy with the owners of property, impose
enormous burdens upon them in taxation and
organize dishonest rings to consume their rev-
enues. It is wrong, all wrong, and ought for-
ever to cease.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia
during the last Congress, I undertook to pre-
pare a proper bill for the purpose of requiring
the inhabitants of the District of Columbia lo
support their own poor. It pursuance of that
object I made inquiry, and personally, with
some other members of that committee, visited
those sought to be provided for by this amend-
ment, I saw them, I found oat from conver-
sation with them where they came from ; and
I say to-day that of all the exhibitions of party
zeal that I ever saw, that which would deprive
these people of the benefits of this appropria-
tion, which has now been made for two years,
for the reasons which have been suggested upon
this floor, is the meanest, most contemptible,
that I ever heard of in my life.
Two years ago I saw these people who came
in here, driven in by the exigencies of the wur.
They had been slaves; they were worn out
and useless; among them were the halt, the
maimed, and blind. They were without any
means of support in the world, and came here
where they could live. The gentleman says
the people of the District of Columbia should
not have received them. My answer to that
is that there was no power that could stand
on the borders of the District and say to these
people that they should not come into the Dis-
trict. ^ There is no law, there is no municipal
authority for any such purpose. The District
of Columbia has not the benefit of a pauper
law, such as you have in New England, or as
we have in Illinois, or as is the case in other
States. In New England or in Illinois, when
paupers from one county go into another there
is authority to take them and send them back
where they belong, in order that they may be
supported there. But there is no law by which
you can move these people from the District
of Columbia back into Virginia and Maryland,
irom whence they came.
Mr. KERR. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Is it not precisely as true
of every other section of the country as in this
District that we cannot keep out this class of
people ; that they may come in just when they
please and fasten themselves upon us?
Mr. COOK. That is true. But if we in IHi-
nois, for instance, are bound to receive this
kind of population from Indiana, the latter
State receives from Illinois a corresponding
proportion. This rule does not apply to the
District of Columbia. During the war this
District received large numbers oflhis class of
persons from the surrounding States, while it
sent ou t scarcely any. Many of these old people
are utterly helpless. A more helpless class of
beings I never saw in my life. Many of them
are more than one hundred years old. A lame
number of them are aged, helpless women.'
J hey must be supported by charity or they must
starve. I hey are not properly chargeable
upon the poor fund of the District of Colnm-'
bia. 1 ask gentlemen to mark this fact when
they talk about the District of Columbia sup-
porling Us own poor. This District ought not
to be required to support these people. They
are not of the District of Columbia "1 |1(.y
came here duringt.be war ami were .--ftred from
