620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
ures as they can to keep paupers from being
brought into their midst. They resort to such
penal measures as they can to send away from
them paupers who are in their midst; but
while they are there they do not let them
starve to death. They do not say because
they never should have been brought here or
because they should have been sent away from
here, they shall suffer or perish from starvation
or disease unaided.
Let us deal with this case precisely as every
town or city, according to the ordinary system,
would deal with a similar case. I will unite
with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
and his friends in promoting any legislation
which will send these people to the place where
they ought to be relieved. I will unite with
thein in any penal legislation against the bring-
ing of paupers hereafter into the District for
the purpose of saddling them upon the public.
But will these gentlemen not unite with me
to-day in relieving these perishing, starving,
human beings, made by the same God, the
image of the same Christ, as themselves?
The gentleman from Indiana has said that
these appeals come just before election. There
is one suggestion I will make to gentlemen on
that side of the House. I would say to them,
if you want to prevent any possibility of polit-
ical advantage being gained by anybody by the
extension of this charity, take hold and help
us in extending it. Let Democrats as well as
Republicans record their votes in its favor,
and no man will derive any political capital
from the act.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, as I first
suggested some doubts about this appropria--
tion yesterday, it is perhaps due to myself that
I should make some further explanation in
regard to it. I will not, if I know it, vote
against anything that I consider a proper char-
ity. The doubts which I have suggested in
regard to this appropriation were suggested to
me by citizens of Washington Who are mem-
bers of the Republican party, and therefore
those doubts had no political significance, so
far as the source from which they came was
concerned. The explanation they made of the
matter to me, on Friday last, I believe, in the
committee-room, was this: that we had from
time to time kept up here a system of appro-
priating money in this indefinite way for char-
itable purposes in this District, always protest-
ing that we were not going to do so again, and
continuing to repeat it every year when the
time came around; that an understanding had
therefore gone out all over the country that
this District was a sort of paradise for indi-
gent people, for people who were not able to
work, or possibly were not inclined to work,
and especially for colored people; that, acting
under this impression, whenever a colored man
found himself thrown out of a comfortable
home, or out of employment, or found him-
self under circumstances which were not
agreeable to liim in any respect, he would
make a break directly to the city of Wash-
ington, under the impression that here he
would be taken care of by the Government;
that a large proportion of these people now
in the District who are to be provided for by
appropriations of this character were not sent
here by the war, and were not brought here by
officers of the Government, either civil or mil-
itary, but came here simply of their own voli-
tion, believing that they would be taken care
of here more handsomely than anywhere else.
The very case which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has cited I have
no doubt is a case of that sort. I am assured
by one of the members from Maryland that
they have in that State proper institutions for
taking care of their paupers, and that they
were willing to take care of them themselves.
But it. is probable that the old fellow referred
to by the gentleman from Massachusetts found
himself without a proper home, and perhaps
never taking a thought of or inquiring what
the State of Maryland would do for him, he
gathered up his traps and came to the District,
where he could have everything done for him
in a way much more agreeable than would be
done for him at home.
Now, if all that has been stated here is true,
if the half of it is true, what are we to do about
it? Shall we refuse to vote an appropriation
and in that way endeavor to disperse these
people? Or shall we vote the appropriation
and allow this abuse to go on, the appropria-
tion to be repeated next year ? Sir, I do insist
that if we vote this amount of money, then, as
suggested by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] we should follow it up by
some legislation calculated to regulate the mat-
ter hereafter. Let us have some system about
it; let the authorities of the District of Colum-
bia or the Government, or whoever undertakes
to do it, do this work under some system.
That is the difficulty in my mind in connec-
tion with this matter. I would have no hesi-
tation in voting this amount of money if I
could have any assurance that it would-be
properly expended; and I suppose that if it is
expended by the Secretary of War it will be
properly expended. Bat it will be a mere
temporary relief after all, and next winter we
shall be called upon to make an additional
appropriation for this purpose.
Sir, we have three or four or five systems
of charity in this District which are recognized
by the General Government. We have the
Providence Hospital here for the support of a
class of our paupers. Then we assist from
year to year thePreedmen's Bureau by appro-
priations. And we are now called upon to
make this appropriation, which is only simi-
lar to some formerly made. And then from
time to time we are called upon to set apart
certain commissary stores belonging to the
General Govern ment to be applied to the use of
these people. And so the matter goes on from
session to session without any kind of system,
or without Congress having any kind of in-
formation as to what is done with this money
after it has been appropriated.
That is not all. These appropriations are
called for and made without any estimate being
received from anybody; no Department of the
Governments responsible for this. Therefore,
in all candor, I think the time has arrived when
we ought to agree upon something intelligible
upon this subject by which we can all be gov-
erned, and which we all, both white and black,
can understand. Now, the only difficulty I
have in voting upon this proposition arises
upon the question whether this money is really
needed, and whether if we do not appropriate
it other suitable means will not be provided
for these people. I cannot believe that the
citizens of Washington will allow these poor
people to starve. If they did it would be a
very extraordinary exhibition in this last half
of the nineteenth century.
Mr. ELLIOTT. In order to submit some
remarks upon this question, I move to amend
the amendment by striking out'1 $12,000 "and
inserting "$14,000." Mr. Speaker, it has been
stated on this side of the House by gentlemen
who have spoken upon this amendment that
these destitute and aged persons come here in
consequence of the exigencies of the war. That
they have been in this District for the past two
years is apparent from the fact which I have
heard stated, that this is not the first time an
appropriation of this sort has been acted upon
in this House. ThestatementthattheSe persons
have come into the District by reason of the
exigencies of the war has not been denied by
'gentlemen upon the other side of the House.
The fact, therefore, is established that they are.
here, and that they are aged, infirm, and des-
titute.
It has been stated by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that the District of Co-
lumbia should not allow these people to come
here and then ask the national Government
to support them. Sir, they are here. If they
have keen here two years they are domiciled
here; and I know of no way in which they
could be got rid of, even if this District should
pass a law or ordinance providing for the re-
turn of persons of this class coming into the
District. The fact that they have remained
here long enough to become domiciled deprives
the District, i{i my opinion, of the right to re-
quire their return to the places whence they
came.
Sir, it is humiliating to me to hear expres-
sions such as have been used to-day in relation
to a class of people with whom I am by race
identified; and I think it ought to be humili-
ating to every gentleman on this floor that there
exists in this District, or in any other portion
of the United States, such a class of persons,
especially when we recollect the fact that they
are infirm and destitute, not on account of
their own idleness, or by reason of a system of
barbarism which has existed in this country in
years past—a system under which they have
been abused, scourged,and overworked for the
purpose of putting money into the pockets of
others, and of building up the wealth and mate-
rial prosperity of this great Republic of which
we boast to-day—to say that these people now
in their old age, when misery and want stare
them in the face, should receive no assistance
from this Government, is indeed a humiliating
statement for any gentleman on this floor to
make.
I cannot see in what way it would be an un-
just burden upon the people of the country to
make provision for the proper care of this class
of persons. It seems to me that humanity
alone should dictate this as a matter of duty
to every Representative here; and, in my opin-
ion, the constituency of every gentleman, re-
gardless of political opinion, would far more
readily indorse an appropriation of this kind
than many appropriations which receive the
favor of this House.
Another gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] who spoke on this question stated that
he had been told by Republicans in this Dis-
trict thattheappropriation of $12,000 proposed
in this bill would encourage this class of per-
sons in idleness. Sir, in every State in this
Union there are poor-laws, there is legal pro-
vision for the care of the aged and infirm who
are in need. In all the southern States there
are such laws. Yet, legislation of that kind
has not led to idleness. The statement made
upon the other side of the House, while the
bill for the protection of life and property in
the South was under discussion here the other
day, established clearly the fact that since free
labor has been substituted for slave labor in
the southern States the material prosperity of
those States has been greatly enhanced. This
fact was admitted by gentlemen on the other
side of the House.
If, then, the people with whom I am by race
identified have done so much to increase the
production and advance the wealth of the
country while these poor laws have existed, I
ask, why may not the result be the same in the
District of Columbia? It is no excuse to offer
when an amendment of this kind is pending;
and I hope this amendment will not be made
the subject of party consideration, and that
partisan feelings will not be appealed to to
prevent its adoption, thus doing injustice to
the people of the District.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELLIOT C. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, I gener-
ally consider that charity is not properly sl part
of governmental affairs, and, ordinarily speak-
ing, it is the duty, whether of the House of
Representatives or of the Legislative Assom-
biyof any State, to devote themselves to legis-
lating for the interests of their State or the
country, and not, to lake charge of the char-
ities of the people where they may be located.
I regard that as a general proposition to be
sustained on principle. 1 can coneeivc there
may be exceptions to it, as we all know excep-
tions do occur in practice. Among tho millions
