1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
coolie trade.
Mr. L. MYERS. On Tuesday I introduced
and had referred a biil (H. R. No. 382) sup£,
plemeutary to the acts to prohibit the coolie
trade. X ask unanimous consent that the bill
be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
removal os disabilities.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 212) to relieve from disabilities certain
persons in the second congressional district of
Georgia, be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the select committee in charge of the Pres-
ident's message in relation to the condition of
the South.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
contested election.
'Mr. McCRARY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections:
Ttesolved, That in the contested-clcotion case of
Sehenek vs. Campbell, from the third district of Ohio,
the contestant may amend his notice of contest by
adding thereto an allegation charging fraud in the
election kg|he second ward of the city of II amilton,
Ohio: wirwti amendment shall he served on or be-
fore the 2 )th day of the present mouth, and the sit-
ting member shall reply to the said amendment on
or before May 1; and the time for taking testimony
shall extend sixty days from and after May 1,1871.
jacob we art.
Mr. HALSEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 385) for the relief
of Jacob Weart,, collector of internal revenue,
fifth district of New Jersey ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when appointed.
public building at osiikosh.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, requested to report to this House
his views as to the expediency of erecting a custom-
house and post office budding at Oshkosh, Wiscon-
sin. together with estimates of the cost of such a
building.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object to the passage
of that resolution.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the gentleman will
notobject. Itis merely a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting the words ''and at Quiucy,
Illinois."
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object to the adop-
tion of the resolution.
post route tn georgia.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill for the establishment of a post route in
Georgia.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. '
bridge across tiie missouri.
Mr. KERR. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which, on yesterday,
House bill No. 383, to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river at
or near St. Joseph, Missouri, was ordered" to
be referred to the Committee on Commerce
when appointed.
The question was taken on the motion to
reconsider, and it was agreed to.
The question was upon the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
Ije engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KERR. I understand that the friends
of the bill are now willing to accept two amend-
ments which I shall propose, and which will
entirely remove the objections I urged to this
bill yesterday. I move to amend the last pro-
viso of section two of this bill by striking out
the words ''person or persons or;" also by
striking out the words " shall have authority
to," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" may, if not unauthorized by the provisions
of its charter of incorporation ;" so that the
proviso will read as follows:
And provided further. That the corporation build-
ing said bridge may, if not unauthorized by the pro-
visions of its charter of incorporation, enter upon
the banks oi said river, either above or below the
point of the location of said bridge, and ercct and
maintain breakwaters or use such oiher means as
may be necessary to in,ike a channel for said river
and confine the flow of the water to a permanent
channel, and to do whatever may be necessary to
accomplish said object, but shall not impede or
obstruct tho navigation ot the said river; and the
plans forsuch works or erections upon the banks of
the river sh:ill first be submitted to the chief engi-
neer of the United States Army for his approval.
The amendments moved by Mr. Kerr were
agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the pro-
viso just amended by striking out the words
"chief engineer of the United States Army"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "Sec-
retary of War," for the purpose of making
this bill conform to the provisions of other
bills on the same subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. POTTER. I do not intend to oppose
the passage of this bill, but I want to call the
attention of ihe House to the extreme danger
of passing, without investigation, bills affect-
ing great public interests like the navigation
of great rivers, by introducing them here aud
passing them by unanimous consent.
I shall not oppose this bill because, as I un-
derstand, its provisions have been carefully
examined by gentlemen who were members
of the Committee on Commerce' of the last
House; have been examined by gentlemen
who represent the sections of country to be
affected by this bill, so far as the navigation of
the Missouri river is concerned ; and they have
also been examined by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who objected yesterday
to the passage of this bill.
Iu the Fortieth Congress a bill was intro-
duced in the House to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge over the Ohio river, which bill
was passed by unanimous consent, as was
naked in the case of the bill now before the
House. The result was that lastyear, after that
bridge was nearly completed, application was
made to Congress to have the work stopped,
and a change made in the structure, on the
ground that it was an obstruction of the nav-
igation of the Ohio river. The Committee
on Commerce of this House did report that it
was an obstruction and that the bridge should
be removed or raised. And gentlemen who
were members of the House at the time, will
recollect that this House passed a law by
which the Government of the United States
was subjected to a liability which may reach
$1,000,000, by requiring ati alteration in a
bridge which, but the year before, was au-
thorized without objection by this House. I
shall therefore object hereafter to the passage
of any bill tliat may be introduced here to
bridge any of the great navigable rivers of the
country until such bill shall have been sub-
jected to the examination of a proper com-
mittee, or lherwise had sufficient examination
to show the propriety of its passage. 1 shall
make no objection to this bill, because, as I
have said, I understand it has had such exam-
ination.
Mr. KERR. I hope that this bill will now
be allowed to pass.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it -teas accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
young men's christian association.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have read by the Clerk a communication,
and then to submit a suggestion upon it. I
trust gentlemen will notice the purport of this
communication.
The Clerk read as follows:
yocns men's christian association7,
washington, d. c., April 12,1871.
sir: A general convention of Young Men's Chris-
tian Associations ior the United States and Biitish
provinces is to convone in this oity the 24th ot May
next. One thousand delegates are expected to bo
present. The business sessions will be at Lincoln
Hall; but for the purposes of the public meetings
with which tho convention will open and close, no
church or hall in tho city available is at all adequate
in its capacity.
"We therefore respectfully ask that the use of the
Hail of the House of Representatives be granted for
the two public meetings named. We are aware of
the rule which prevents the granting of the Hall
for other than legislative purposes, but we submit
whether the fact that Congress will not be in session
when the convention assembles, the character of the
meeting itself, as perhaps the largest representative
religious gathering ever convened on tho continent,
including delegates from nearly every considerable
town from llaiifax to New Orleans and San Fran-
cisco, and the unsect.arian character of the organisa-
tion, representing, as it does, most of tho religious
denominations of the country, will not justify the
House, in this instance, in a departure from its rule
on the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants.
CLINTON LLOYD,
II. D. COOKE,
In behalf of the Young Men's
Christian Association of Washington.
Hon. james 6. blaine,
Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I trust I will
be indulged in one word in moving that this
request be granted. I am certain that the
entire country will be gratified if this House
will extend this courtesy to the Young Men's
Christian Association. An association so fruit-
ful of good to the young men of this country is
entitled to such a mark of public favor. I
hope nonobjection will be made; that the high
purpose, national character, and noble results
of this association will be deemed an ample
reason for the House making this exception
to its general rule. I therefore move, Mr.
Speaker, that the Speaker of the House be
authorized to permit the use of this Hall on
the occasions referred to in the communication
which has been read.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the power
of the Chair to submit a motion for any sus-
pension of the rule which forbids the use of
this Hall for any except legislative purposes;
but, of course, unanimous cousent would ac-
complish the object. Is there any objection ?
Mr. WILLARD. I object.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER, The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion in the House, as in Committee of the
Whole, of the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 19, making appropriations for
the payment of additional clerks and messen-
gers in the Pension Office, and for other pur-
poses.
The pending amendment of the Senate, in
which the committee recommended concur-
rence. was to insert the following additional
section :
sec. 35. That the a,ct approved January 22, A. D.
1867, entitled "An act to fix the time for the legular
meeting of Congress," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed after the adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on theamendmentoffered yesterday by thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,]
to strike out the words "alter the adjourn-
ment of the present session of Congress"
and insert the words " provided, that this
