630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
The Constitution of the United States is
based upon the principle that once in four
years the people shall have the right to change
the Administration of the Government, not the
man, bat the Administration,_ Who, for the
nine months after a new Administration shall
come in, shall declare what the policy of I hat
new Administration shall be ? Shall it be the
Representatives of the people, or shall it be
the* one ncan occupying the executive chair in
the White House? Shall the change of policy
be by law or by the arbitrary irresponsible
will of the Executive? lwas surprised, know-
ing the Democratic education of my distin-
guished colleague, who addressed the House
this morning, when he said there should be
no meeting of Congress on the incoming of a
new Administration, but that the policy of the
new Administration should be first declared
before an assembling of Congress. In other
words, it is bis position that the policy of the
new Administration is to be determined by the
President, and not by Congress. Under our
form of government it is the duty of the Pres-
ident to execute the laws passed by Congress,
and not for the President to dictate to Con-
gress what laws shall be passed by the peo-
ple's Representatives.
This bill sent down to us by the Senate is
only another instance given by that body—I
trust I shall use no unparliamentary lan-
guage—of its strong desire to clutch at, to
grasp into its own hands, all the power of this
Government
Mr. BANKS. What gives them that power?
Mr. HOAR. The Senate keeps its hold on
the tenure-of-office bill, a measure passed in
a period of extraordinary public danger, and
under it holds the power of restoring to office,
against the will of the President and after
removal by him, all subordinate civil officers
to whose appointment its consent was origin-
ally needful. Not only this, but its members
claim of the President the right to dictate to
him the persons whom he shall appoint to the
important judicial and administrative offices
within their respective States and claim of
one another as matter of courtesy that no per-
son nominated by the President shall be con-
firmed unless nominated in pursuance of such
dictation.
The President administers the Government,
not of himself, but through his subordinates.
The result of this most unconstitutional claim is
that, the Constitution providing that a majority
of the people,«epeaking through the Electoral
College, may elect the Executive, the powers
of the Executive are in substance transferred
to a -body elected, not by a majority of the
people, but by a majority of the States; to a
body elected, not for executiver but for legis-
lative duties; to a body elected, not by the
people, but by State Legislatures; to a body
not chosen once in four years, but at different
and greater periods; to a body not directly
responsible to the people; to a body whose
members are not liable to impeachment; to a
body meeting for that purpose in secret ses-
sion, where the reasons given by any member
for his action are unknown to the public and
where the votes of the individual members
remain forever unknown, so that they cannot
even be held responsible at the bar of public
opinion.
_ In addition to this extraordinary preten-
sion, constituting, in my judgment, one of the
gravest dangers now menacing the American
Constitution, they now propose to deprive the
Representatives of the people of the power of
meeting for purposes of legislation or inquiry
into public grievances for nine mouths alter
the incoming of every new Administration or
the beginning of the term of office of' every
new House.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of
the repeal of this law, but not exactly for the
reasons given by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar.j but for several reasons
which are much more striking to this side of
the House. In the first place, afteran exhaust-
ing session of over three months, we are unfit
to go to work upon new legislation und to
establish a new policy. That is the argument
of inconvenience. In the next place, 1 do not
wish the gentleman from Massachusetts to have
the opportunity so soon after a presidential
election to declare war, either against a for-
eign Power, Great Britain, Hayti, or the south-
ern peoples by a Ku Klux bill or otherwise.
[Laughter.] I think the best argument made
to this side of the House in favor of the repeal
of this law is the very argument made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. This session,
since the 4th of March, has been pernicious,
pestiferous, in almostevery conceivable degree.
In the next place, it was said by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts farthest from me
that they wanted the policy of the Administra-
tion developed before December. Well, now,
to some extent, I agree to that. Our Govern-
ment is undergoing just now a great many
transitions. We are changing our character-
istics in every way, organically and by admin-
istration. We do not know what one day may
bring forth. But the policy of the Adminis-
tration does not amount to anything in this
House. Your President makes a recommend-
ation. Who follows it? He sends a message
here recommending the resumption of specie
payments. Who, on that side of the House,
brings in a bill to give effect to that recom-
mendation? Nobody acted upon it. My friend
near me from Maine [Mr. Lynch] says he
brought in a bill. So did I. So did the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] the
other day. But the responsibility to do it is
on the other side of the House.
The President wanted the old tariff to be
continued. Yet you cut it down and changed
it. The policy of the White House does not
amount to anything here. The President, at
the tail of a session, sent down a message
recommending free shipping. The House was
not willing to vote for it, and would not remain
in session for that purpose. But when it is a
case of the employment of soldiers, when it is
a question of the employment of force, you
have an extra session togive the President the
sword, and the power, perhaps, of making war.
The same President sent a message here recom-
mending the repeal of the test-oath. But you
know how you laughed at him. He is of no
consequence on that side of the House unless
when he uses the sword for the purpose of
giving you power hereafter. That is all he
amounts to in this Government, when we come
to analyze his position and the character of
this assembly.
I believe the body of our people would rather
we should go away from this? They do not
care much about Congress sitting anyhow.
Your legislation, in your awkward, slip-shod
way of doing it, without committees, repealing
to-day what you did yesterday, disturbs the
business interests of the country. The busi-
ness men of the country would rather have
you go home, and the business men here on
both sides of the House would rather go home;
for we do not do business here in a proper
way. We have done nothing in the proper
way, either hi the House or the Senate, dur-
ing this session, to relieve the people from
taxation. We do nothing for reviving trade.
Our trade is languishing, our resources are
being used up, our bonds are falling flat on
the market. This Congress, as long as it sits,
with its majority on the other side, is dam-
aging the country, and the less we have of it,
] ihink, the better.
Mr. LYNOII. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir.
Mr. L'lNCH. The gentleman from New
York says that we do nothing to relieve taxa-
tion. I wish to ask the gentleman whether
tn the second session of the last Congress
$180,000,000 were not stricken from the taxes
of the people, and whether the gentleman him-
self, with nearly every member of his party,
did not vote against the measure which gave
that relief.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is astray in his
"figures. I suppose he.means 380,000,000.
Mr. LYNCH. I do. Did you vote in favor
of it?
Mr. COX. I voted for a proper discrimina-
tion as to the burdens renting on the country.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] did
not. He did not even stand up fur his own
city, for his own shipping interests. Some
years ago I was in the gentleman's city, ask-
ing the people to vote the honest, straightfor-
ward Democratic vote, in order to strike from
the tariff all iron, copper, hemp, and'other
materials entering into shipping. Bat the
gentleman then did not give me any coun-
tenance. He had not the courage to work
with me when I wanted to take the tariff off
the materials entering into shipping, and lie
has learned nothing since. He is of no use
isolated. He cannot help the shipping unless
he becomes a free-trader.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the gentleman
what answer he got from the electors of Maine
when he went to instruct the people in that
State?
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the amendment
of the House to the concurrent resolution rela-
tive to the printing of extra copies of the pre-
liminary report of the United States census
for 1870.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
the deficiency appropriation bill,'the pending
question being upon the proposition to repeal
the law providing for a session of Congress at
the commencement of the term.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is not for uie to crit-
icise what gentlemen much abler and wiser
than myself have said upon a question of thi3 ,
kind. Still, I feel inclined to say that a great
many things besides the question really at issue
have been discussed here, while some gentle-
men have endeavored to keep that question as
much as possible out of sight.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakfieuj]
says that in looking over the debates of four
years ago, when the law now proposed to be
repealed was enacted, he finds no such reasons
given in the Globe as are now acknowledged
by everybody to have been the real reasons for
this law. Well, sir, I suppose that at some
future time if anybody shall look over the
debates of to-day upon this question, a^ thev
may be published in the Globe, they will find
that the reasons which will be then acknowl-
edged as actuating the minds of members in
their votes upon this provision will not be dis-
closed in the record of the debates. They will
find that great questions of constitutional
liberty have beeu discussed, while the real
question is, at what time do we de.-ire Con-
gress to assemble for business? When should
the first session of Congress for business be-
gin? Should it begin in the spring, when the
hot weather is approaching and when nobody
will stay very long, or be willing to stay very
long? Or should it begin in the fall, when the
cold season is setting in ? That is the question
to be determined.
Those who formed the Constitution supposed
that the cold season was the best for business,
and therefore they provided that the session
should commence in December. They left it,
however, to the wisdom of future Congresses
to determine when it might be necessary for
Congress to meet in the spring for business
and to sil all summer. But never until four
years ago did any Congress find it necessary
to do so. At that time, four years ago, we
found that a spring session was necessary for
the purpose of transacting particular business.
