1 o1?!
it; i i.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
affairs which would bring upon them general
public indignation in any other country.
Particularly ask any Englishman his opin-
ion ot'the interference which this Government
has exercised in regard to the dealings of pri-
vate individuals, the exposure made of their
vnivate affairs, the peremptory seizure and
examination of their private books, and like
inquisitorial action and you will find him justly
mn prispd at the indifference with which our
people have submitted to such outrages, as I,
at least, think they should be styled. I am
uuerly opposed to extending one iota the power
of these Government officials for the purpose
of inquiring into men's private affairs, and for
that reason, upon the mere suggestion that this
amendment has that purpose, I shall vote
against it..
Mi. DAWES. I move to close debate.
Mr. COX. As I understand, the gentleman
from Massachusetts does not undertake to urge
th'.s amendment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. What amount does it pro-
pose to appropriate ?
Mr. DAWKS. There are some great objec-
tions to this amendment, wlfich have been sug-
gested by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.] i have no desire to urge it myself.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the committee, and the Speaker de-
clared that it was disagreed to.
Mr. BECK. As I understand, the limita-
tion is not stricken out.
The SPEAKER. No; the amendment of
the committee making an addition to the sec-
tion was disagreed to. The question now
recurs on the amendment of#ie committee, to
insert the words "not exceeding $15,000."
Mr. BECK. That is precisely what I wish
to understand, and I hope those words will be
incorporated in the section.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
Senate amendment, as amended was then con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to insert
the following amendment:
For paymentof clerksof committees of the House,
under resolution of the House of tlie 10th instant,
$2,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. That had better be added
to the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the Clerk
to read a letter from the Clerk of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office House op Representatives,
Washington, I). C., April 12, 1871.
Dear Sir: It will require an appropriation of
not less than 12,000 to enable me to execute the res-
olution ot' the House passed on the 10th for the pay-
ment of committee clerks for this session. If all the
committee clerks in service daring the last session
of the Forty-First Congress should prove to be en-
titled under this resolution, §2,500 will be required ;
but it is probable we may meet all the valid claims
arising under it with $2,000.
I am, very respectfully, your ob^liont, servant,
edward Mcpherson,.
Clerk of }Iome licpreselltalivea.
Hon. James A. Garfield, M. G.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
The forty-fourth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows:
Sf.c. 13. That the following sum, or so much there-
of as may be necessary, for subsistence of the Ara-
fahoe, Olieyenne. Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche
ndians, who have been collected and located upon
the reservation *et apart fortheiruse and occupation
by the treaties made with them in 1867, &2o0,000.
The SPEAKER. The committee recom-
mend concurrence in that amendment of the
Senate with the following amendment: after
the word •'subsistence" insert the words "for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872," and
strike out ''and titty so that the appropria-
tion will then read k* $200,000.''
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the attention of
the House to one fact, and that is that this
appropriation is not in compliance with the
stipulations of any treaty.
Mr. BECK. That is true. The committee
referred this item to me and requested me to
present the reasons for their action on this
amendment of the Senate, and I hope I shall
have the attention of the House while I do so
as briefly as possible. There are of the Arapa-
hoes and Cheyennessome three thousand souls,
and the Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches
number about forty-seven hundred. The sum
now asked for was omitted by mistake in
the estimates last year. We have placed them
upon the reservations, and this appropria-
tion is for the purpose of their subsistence.
If gentlemen will turn to the statutes they will
find that in 18G9 and 1870 we then appropriated
$230,000 for the subsistence of these same
Indians. The Senate proposes to give $250,000
in this amendment. I went to the Secretary
of the Interior, to the peace commissioners, to
the Indian Office, and to the Senate committee
for information, and I ascertained conclusively
that unless the sum of at least $200,000 is
appropriated, as recommended by the House
committee, there would be trouble with these
Indians upon the frontier. We determined
that it was a good deal better and cheaper for
the Government to feed these Indians than to
fight them. The following letters will give the
House all the information necessary for intel-
ligent action on this amendment:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. O., March 14,1371.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy of a communication of the 13th instant, from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, reporting the
necessity that exists ior an appropriation lor the
purpose of purchasing supplies for the Arapaho,
Cheyenne, Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche Indians,
to enable the Department to subsist them from and
after the 30th of June next.
In view of the facts stated by the Commissioner,
I submit the matter to Congress with the recom-
mendation that the sum of 1250,000, "or so muck
thereof .as may be necessary in furnishing said In-
dians with food and other necessaries of life during
tne fiscal year ending 30th June, 1S72," be appro.-
priated. The necessity for this appropriation is
very great.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. Cornelius Cole, Chatrman Committed on Appro-
priations, United States Senate.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., March 1.4,1871.
Str: I have the honor to state that the appropri-
ation made for the subsistence of the Arapaho,
Cheyenne, Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche Indians,
during the second session of the Forty-First Con-
gress, will doubtless bo exhausted by the 30rh of
June next; and as there was no provision made for
their subsistence in the last appropnation acts for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes lor the year ending June
30, 1872, and lor other purposes, there will be no
money at the disposal ot the Department that can
be used to purchase subsistence for their use lor the
next fiscal year, unle&s Congress makes au appropii-
ation for that purpose during the present session.
Should the feeding of these Indians be stopped after
the 1st of July next, they will again scatter to the
plains—beingcompeilcd to doso to procure food—and
the labor and expense of locating them where they
now are will have been of no use or permanent ben-
efit either to the Government or the Indians; be-
sides, in all probability they will, in view of their
restless condition, commit depredations which would
resultinanotherwar, and cost the Government thou-
sands of dollars, where it would not cost hundreds to
feed them.
In view of the foregoing, I respectfully request the
matter be submitted to Congress, with the view of
having an appropriation ot $250,000 made, to be used,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, in famish-
ing said Indians with food and other necessaries of
life during the fiscal year ending June 30,1672.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. S. PARKKR, Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. DAWES. This was omitted by mistake
in the estimates of last year.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir, it was omitted in the
estimates of last year, and that, is the reason
why it is now necessary to introduce it here in
his deficiency bill.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Thenextaraendmentof the Senate, in which
the committee recommended concurrence with
an amendment, was the fifty-first, as follows:
That the hoard of public works of the District of
Columbia be, and is hereby, authorized to cause
Pennsylvania avenue, from Fifteenth street to tho
east side of Ilock crock, to be improved by parking
and paving, or by paving alone, in pursuance of a
plan to be carefully made by said board and approved
by the President, which shall provide for a uniform
pavement across the whole paved part of said ave-
nue; and the expense thereof shall be paid by the
District of Columbia and the adjoining property-
holders in the proportions provided by the act to
provide a government for said District, excepting
that the expense of said improvement upon which
public reservations abut shall be paid by the United
States; and to defray that expense a sum sufficient
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Provided,
That the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company shall pay the same proportion of xaid im-
provement as is paid for the pavement on that part
of the avenue already paved.
The com mittee's amendment was as follows:
Strike out all of said amendment and substitute
in lieu thereof the following :
That the sum of $10,000, or so much thereof as may
bo necessary, is hereby appropriated for the purpose
of repairing and relaying, where necessary, the pave-
mentou Pennsylvania avenue from Fifteenth street
to the east side of Rook creek: Provided, That a like
sum shall be expended for the same purpose by the
proper authorities of the District of Columbia; And
provided further. That the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company shall, in like manner, re-
pair such portion thereof as they are by theircharter
required to do, the work to be done under the super-
vision of the board of public works for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BRAXTON. I offer the following as
an amendment to the amendment;
To rebuild the wooden bridge at or near the Little
Falls, $60,000, thesame to be constructed under the
direction of the Engineer Bureau of the War Depart-
ment, the material furnished and the work on said
bridge to be let to the lowest bidder, after due adver-
tisement in at least three newspapers, upon plans
and estimates to be prepared by said engineer
department, not to exceed the sum of S60.000.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to this amend-
ment.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I make the point
of order on the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to state to the House
that this appropriation now moved by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Braxton] was
passed in the regular appropriation bill of last
session, but was dropped in the committee
of conference. The original bridge was car-
ried away. The proposition then was to erect
an iron bridge, but tne Committee on Appro-
priations substituted a wooden bridge. This
was stricken out somehow in the committee
of conference, and there is now no bridge
there at all.
Mr. BHAXTON. There is in fact now only
one bridge for traffic leading into Virginia—
that at Georgetown.
Mr. COBURN. I think the people of the
section benefited by the bridge ought to build it.
Mr. F1NKELNBUR.G. I insist on the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The amendmentof thecommittee was agreed
to j and the amendment of the Senate, as
amended, was concurred in.
The nextamendmentof the Senate, in which
thecommittee recommended concurrence with
an amendment, was the fifty-second, as follows:
Sf.c. 21. That to correct an error in the enrollment
of the act approved March 3,1871, making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the ycarending June
30, 1872, Mnd for other purposes, the same be amended
as follows • in section two strike out all of the section
from and including the word " piovided," where it
first occurs, and insert m lieu thereof the following:
And the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
invite, by public advertisement, plans and specifica-
tions for such dock, and to award to any person not
m the naval service, who^e plans may be adopted
bythe Navy Department, a sum not exceeding 85,0u0.
But no plan shall be adopted until it shall first re-
ceive the sanction ot a board of not less than five
experienced officers, to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the. N.ivy, a majority of whom shall be con-
structors and engineers, and one of whom shall bo
an experienced civil engineer; and it shall be tho
duty of said board to consider ail the plans and speci-
fications laid before it, whether the same were pre-
pared in the Navy Department or by parties com-
peting theiewith, and the plans and siecifications
that *ha!i bo adopted shall be opened to the inspec-
tion of all persons who desii e to become bidders, for
at least ninety days before the awarding of said
contract.
The amendment of the committee was as
follows:
Add to tho amendment the following■:
For three assi&tant observers at the Naval Obserr-
