1871.
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
Senate in which the committee recommend
concurrence is the thirty-sixth.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
would a motion to adjourn be in order about
now? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to wait
for one minute.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
thirty-sixth amendmeut of the Senate, in which
the committee recommend concurrence.
The Clerk read as follows :
For completion of the court-house and post office
building at Des Moines, Xowa, $6,856.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CONGER. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
REPORT ON SAN DOMINGO.
Mr. IiELLEY, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the
report of the commissioners to San Domingo be
printed for the use of the House.
ITALIAN OCCUPATION OF ROME.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a communication from the President of
the United States to the House of Represent-
atives.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the House of Rex> ■ ntatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives, in
answer to their resolution of March 31,1871, a report
from the Secretary of State and accompanying docu-
ments" U. S. GRANT.
Washington, April 11,1871.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
nature of the documents ?
The SPEAKER. There is a communica-
tion from Mr. Marsh, our minister to Italy, in
reference to the occupation of Rome by the
king of Italy.
The communication of the President and
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
SAMUEL GARDINER.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Samuel Gardiner, referred to the Committee
on Ventilation and Lighting during the Forty-
First Congress.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence during the remainder
of the session.
GOVERNMENT BUILDING AT ALBANY.
On motion of Mr. PERRY, of. New York,
by unanimous consent, leave was given to with-
draw from the files of the House the papers
relating to the erection of a new Government
building at Albany, New York, which were
before the Committee on Appropriations of the
Forty-First Congress.
S. M. SWENSON.
On motion of Mr. STRONG, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House papers supporting the claim
of S. M. Swenson for the use of property by
the Army of the United States in Texas.
ANNA M. ORNE.
Mr. HALSBY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Anna
M. Orne, of New Brunswick.
NANCY PARKIIURST AND OTHERS.
«Ir. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to have withdrawn
from the files of the House the papers in the
cases of Nancy Parkhurst, Eli Copeland, and
Laura Baker.
PETER M'GOUGH.
Mr. GRIFFITH, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Peter McGough.
BENJAMIN CRAWFORD.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, by unani
mous consent, obtained leave to have with-
drawn from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Benjamin Crawford.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for the remainder of
the session.
KANSAS WAR CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the reimburse-
ment of the State of Kansas for moneys ex-
pended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in the suppression of the rebellion ; and
the same was ordered to be referred to the
Committee of Claims when appointed.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider all
votes of reference this day; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I now insist upon my mo-
tion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of citizens of Ashtabula county, Ohio, asking
that alaw may be enacted granting to soldiers,
sailors, and marines land bounty.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Elizabeth Copeland, asking for arrears of
pension.
Also, the petition of Nancy Parkhurst, for
pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April ID, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved. '
VISITORS TO MILITARY ACADEMY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points as Visitors to the West Point Military
Academy, as required by law, the Senator from
Massachusetts, Mr. Wilson, and the Senator
from Wisconsin, Mr. Carpenter.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Woodhouse, Southmayd & Rudd, asking com-
pensation for loss occasioned by seizure of
certain hides, skins, and wool on board the
schooners Carrie and Arthur, at New York;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Thaddeus C. Hubble, late postmaster at
Orangeburg, South Carolina, representing that
certain post office stamps were stolen from
him on the 26th day of June, 1866, and pray-
ing that he may be relieved from all respons-
ibility for their loss ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
James S. Robinson, of Van Buren, Crawford
county, Arkansas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was '
Ordered, That the claimant have leave to with-
draw the papers in the case of Dr. James B.Sul-
livan from the files of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that
the papers in the case of the Loudoun county
claimants, of Virginia, be withdrawn from the
files in order that they may be presented to
the southern claims commission, recently
organized.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection, and it will be so ordered.
STATUE OF ROGER WILLIAMS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom were referred resolutions and papers
in relation to the statue of Roger Williams,
are ready to report, and have been for some
time; but, at the request of the junior Senator
from that State, Governor Sprague, they have
delayed it from time to time, until they have
been requested by him to postpone making a
report to the Senate until the next session of
Congress, in December. I make this explana-
tion to account for not making a report from
the committee; and 1 will say in conclusion
that the statue in the mean time is uncovered
for the inspection of the public, which it will
well bear.
Mr. ANTHONY. A ridiculous communica-
tion has reached me from home—I almost
feel ashamed to refer to it and to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont the question that I am
about to—that I had in some way, and for some
reason not stated, interfered with the prompt
presentation of the statue of the founder of
our State forwarded to Congress by the Gov-
ernor of Rhode Island. I would thank my
friend from Vermont to state if I have impeded
its presentation in any way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say
that, so far as I know, there has been entire
harmony of action on the part of the Senators
from Ilhode Island. When I inquired of the
Senator who has just taken his seat what would
be his pleasure in relation to the matter, he
responded that whatever was satisfactory to his
colleague would be satisfactory to him. There-
fore, I have consulted his colleague in the
premises altogether, and because the matter
was by him introduced into the Senate.
PROFESSOR HENRY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I again renew the request
I made yesterday morning. I ask the Senate
to act on the joint resolution authorizing Pro-
fessor Henry to receive a slight present from
Sweden. It is in accordance with the practice
of the Government from its foundation. I
understand the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] will interpose no objection this
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine, one of the Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution, asks unanimous consent that the
Senate consider the bill from the House of
Representatives authorizing Professor Henry
to accept a decoration from abroad.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that the Senator
from California [Mr. Cassebly] is opposed to
the adoption of that bill, though he has great
respect for the recipient of this honor, and I
ask my friend from Maine not to call it up in
his absence. I think he \jishes to say some-
thing upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consider-
ation of the bill is objected to, and therefore
it is not before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE.- May I interrupt the Senator
from Massachusetts? Is the question of the
decoration to Professor Henry disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider that bill, it not being
within the restrictive rule.
Mr. COLE, I do not really see what objec-
tion anybody can have to a measure of that
sort. 1 do not think my colleague can have
any serious objection to it. It is a matter
appertaining altogether to the literary and
scientific attainments of Professor Henry, and
if a foreign Government proposes to grant him
