1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
resolution received so unanimously the assent
of the Senate that I supposed the Senator from
California would waive any objection. I have
no objection to a reconsideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to Senators if
it is not better that the motion to reconsider
should be entered, and not have the resolu-
tion reconsidered, so that if we adjourn with-
out considering the motion to reconsider the
resolution may stand.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; I do not wish to
throw it over the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then just enter a motion
to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The entering of
the motion will arrest action under the resolu-
tion until the conclusion of the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want it acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th e motion would
fail at the conclusion of the session if not acted
on by the Senate, and the resolution would
stand.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to make
debate on it; but I want to say that I was
engaged yesterday in the joint Committee 011
Printing at the time the resolution came up.
I was engaged on a matter which detained
me there, one of so much importance, as the
chairman knows, that I felt warranted in tak-
ing the risk of being out of my seat a few min-
utes beyond the hour of eleven.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 certainly do not wish
to take any advantage of the Senator, and I
will enter a motion to reconsider myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered, and it can be called up at any time
during the morning hour after the reading of
the Journal.
BRIG MICHAEL AND ANNA.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I wish to ask
the consent of the Senate to pass a small bill
in regard to the registering of a vessel called
the Michael and Anna at Savannah, which
has passed the other House. The vessel was
a wreck and has beeu repaired, and the own-
ers of it can do nothing with it unless they are
authorized to have a register.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to consideridg the House bill indicated by the
Senator from Georgia?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes ; because I think that
ought to be looked into. We have been very
careful in issuing reregisters to vessels, and
never, I believe, without the report of a com-
mittee. I hope the Committee on Commerce
will look at it, but at present I think we had
better go on with the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Vermont objects.
CENSUS RETURN'S.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tlio Interior be
directed to furnish the Senate a statement of the
population of the United States, giving the repre-
sentative and total population of each State sep-
erately as ascertained by the ninth census.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (IT. R. No.
383) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph,
Missouri, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. THURMAN addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr, BOREMAN addressed the Senate in
favor of the bill. [His speech will be pub-
lished iu the Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
it is not my purpose to enter into a detailed
examination of all the propositions of this bill.
They are too extensive and too enormous in
their character to allow that task to be per-
formed in a single speech. Neither is it neces-
sary that I should do so in relation to the first
and second sections of the bill. My honor-
able friend from Ohio, [Mr. Thurmak,] who
addressed the Senate with so much force and
so much instruction to those who listened to
him on this subject, showed, that so far as it
was necessary to arm the courts with proper
authority to put down the disorders complained
of in the bill, the laws upon the statute-books
were already ample and complete for that pur-
pose. So also said my honorable and ardent
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] who
addressed the Senate upon a cognate subject
some weeks since. He read at length provis-
ions of the acts of Congress in relation to the
subject-matters embodied in this bill, and he
assumed and he showed that they were amply
sufficient so far as it was necessary to clothe
the courts and the civil authority of the coun-
try with power to put down and to suppress
the disorders which have been complained of.
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania used
this emphatic and vehement language: " It is
not, Mr. President," said he in substance,
"that more laws are necessary for the courts.
We want the armed military heel to be shod
more heavily, aud we want muskets loaded
and fired into the mob, and not with blank
cartridges.''
Mr. President, when laws are made to as-
sume a certain degree of efficiency and strin-
gency the whole effect and power of human
legislation is exhausted. They must conform
to popular sentiment, and they must be reason-
able and appropriate to the just exigencies and
demands of the country. If they surpass that
limit, so far as they do surpass them there is
such a revolt of the public mind against the
laws and their execution that their execution
becomes hopeless. It was from this intelligent
view, this reasonable and sensible view of the
nature and extent of- the legislation already
existing upon these subjects, that my honor-
able friend from Pennsylvania reached the
conclusion that the laws were already suffi-
cient for the courts, and there must be laws
granting power outside of the courts which
could operate more directly, with more energy
and more efficiency, than cases in courts argued
and considered and decided by the serene rea-
son and learning of able judges. It is to super-
sede the courts that this bill in its third and
fourth sections is mainly constructed.
When the rights of men, either of person
or of property, are in issne, there is but one
proper course of legislation, and that is : for
the legislative power to pass proper laws to
regulate them and to refer the enforcement
and the execution of such laws to the courts
and to the proper tribunals for execution and
enforcement. Then the power of the Executive,
after judgments have been rendered in the
courts, simply and opportunely applies. It is
to carry into effect, to execute, the judgments
and the sentences of the courts. That is the
legitimate and the only constitutional power
of the President in relation to the rights of
person and of property. All of his powers
outside of that pale are of a political charac-
ter ; and whenever Congress legislates for the
purpose of investing him with powers outside
of that pale, in relation to person and property,
there is a palpable and literal aud substantial
violation of the Constitution.
If I had time and were even disposed to enter
into an examination of the first two sections
of this bill, it has been done so elaborately,
with so much completeness and force, by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, as to make it
altogether unnecessary for me to attempt it.
His exhaustion of that portion of the bill falls
in with my line of argument and relieves me of
any attempt to perform a, duty which he has
performed with so much more ability than I
could hope to do. I shall therefore proceed to
what I consider the most essential parts and
features of this most extraordinary bill.
How came this Senate to be engaged now in
its consideration? The last session of Con-
gress closed about five weeks ago. Within
three days after the commencement of the
present session the House of Representatives
sent a resolution to the Senate proposing to
adjourn within a few days. Immediately after
that message came from the House we received
a verbal annunciation from the President, in
the Senate Chamber, that he did not desire the
Senate to hasten its adjournment. The House
repeated its resolution to adjourn for three or
four successive times, and the Senate as per-
sistently waived all action upon the subject.
And why? It was to introduce legislation in
conformity to the personal features of the
Government of the United States as it now
exists and as it is administered, in conformity
to the behests and the personal wishes of the
President of the United States.
Not satisfied with that, he sends a special
message to the Senate, referred to by my hon-
orable friend from West Virginia who last
addressed the Senate, [Mr. Bokeman,] in
which he draws with distinct emphasis the at-
tention of Congress to this single subject, and
says to them in plains terms, "I desire effi-
cient legislation," importing legislation such
as would conform to his own views in relation
to this particular subject of the disorders that
are said to prevail in some of the States, "and
I have no suggestions to make in relation to
any other matters." Sir, the object of this
bill is to bring the armies of the United States
into contact with the polls of the people at
their elections, and it is so to organize those
armies and so to place them within the power
of the President of the United States, and to
give him a discretionary power and command
over them, as will enable him to control the
result of those elections to any extent that he
may desire or think necessary for the purpose
of carrying the elections.
I venture to assert that if this bill passes, as
it will pass, there will be no effort on the part
of the Government of the United States to
execute it, or to give its provisions any effect
in any State that will unquestionably before-
hand give evidence of its purpose to vote for
the President and for the Radical candidates
for offices. It will only be in States that seem
to be closely divided, where the preponderance
may be in favor of the Democratic party or
slightly in favor of the President and his party,
that the President will attempt to execute this
bill, and for which the bill was intended by
him and by the Congress that sustains it.
Now, sir, I propose to enter somewhat in
detail into the examination of the main fea-
tures of this bill, not those which organize
civil power, not those which clothe the courts
with additional jurisdiction and authority, to
take cognizance of and to try the cases com-
plained of in the debates in the Senate; they,
by the admission of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, are already provided for;
but I propose to notice the extraordinary, un-
constitutional, and abhorrent features of this
bill, that propose action on the part_ of the
President of the United States and his myr-
midons outside of the Constitution.
Mr. President, the planting of negro slavery
in the English colonies of North America was
the germ of the late civil war of the United
States, and the conflict commenced with its
abolition by some of the States shortly after
the Declaration of Independence. This slavery
involved violence, oppression, and crime, and
all the unperverted instincts of man revolted
against it. Opposition to it was coeval with
its origin, has beset it throughout all the ages
of its existence, and will not cease while a
vestige of it remains. But it was sustained
by great forces—the production of a vast
amount of cotton, sugar, rice, and indigo—
