1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
powers, and to bring upon the people of any
State where he may will to exercise them such
terrible consequences, for one, or even _ the
occasional occurrence of comparatively trivial
crimes, the frequent occurrence of which is
inevitable in all communities, is a most strange
and startling fact; and that the bill should pro-
pose to transform, to blow them up into cases
of domestic violence to require the Govern-
ment of the United States to interpose with
arms to protect the people of the States against
their perpetrators, to magnify them, whether
committed against the States or the United
States, into rebellions against the United
States, each one of which requires the extra-
ordinary war remedies of martial law, suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus, and absolute
subordination of the State governments, laws,
and authorities of the States, ought to claim
the most earnest attention, the strongest rep-
robation of the people of the United States.
If this bill becomes a law all these direful
consequences hang upon the will of President
Grant. He would have such cases of domestic
violence and such rebellions made in all or
any States he might select, every week, to his
order by his myrmidons and coconspirators.
He would want but one quality to make him-
self an imperator—intellect; but some suc-
cessor, regular or irregular, will have that,
and then the master will appear. But, Mr.
President, the idea that one, or occasional, or
even many offenses, acts of violence and crime,
whether trivial or serious and grave and
bloody, against the laws of a State, is such
domestic violence as to authorize its Legisla-
ture or Governor to make application to the
Government of the United States for the pro-
tection of the State, is absurd and preposter-
ous ; it is only such resistance to the laws and
authority of a State as is too strong to be put
down by its own power, or that threatens a
serious conflict with it, that permits this appeal
to the United States.
The ordinary commission of crimes in num-
ber and character, and the temporary or occa-
sionally final escape from punishment of cul-
prits by concealment or flight, or the derelic-
tion of courts and juries, make no case of
domestic violence in a State to authorize its
Legislature or Executive to invoke the Gov-
ernment of the United States. But, whatever
may be the nature and extent of the domestic
violence in a State, the President or Congress,
or both together, cannot interpose in it until
applied to by its Legislature or Governor.
This is the shield with which the Constitution
has covered the States against the aggressions
of the United States Government, and also t.he
friendly sword to be used only for their pro-
tection, as it is to be both drawn and sheathed
at the bidding of her highest authorities. The
idea that Congress may not only unbidden, but
in defiance of the State, interpose this sword,
as proposed in this bill, manifests unmistakably
an aggressive and usurping spirit.
There was with many of the ablest members
of the Convention which framed the Constitu-
tion a strong, but wise aversion to any inter-
ference by the Government of the United
States, with military force, in the governments
and affairs of the States. This subject was at
several times lengthily debated in the Conven-
tion, and propositions in different forms were
made to provide for it. The committee of
detail, in its first report of the plan of a gov-
ernment, August 6, 1787, embodied in it as
one of the powers of the Legislature, (Con-
gress,) "to subdue a rebellion in any State,
on the application of its Legislature." (Mad-
ison Papers, vol. 2, page 1232.) On 17th
August, this clause being under considera-
tion—
"Mr. PlNCKNEY moved to strike out 'on the appli-
cation of its Legislature.'" _ * _ * * *
" Luther Martin opposed it as giving a dangerous
and unnecessary power. The consent of the States
ought to precede the introduction of any extraneous
force whatever.
"Mr. Mercer supported the opposition of Mr-
Martin.
"Mr. Ellsworth proposed to add after legis-
lative' ' or executive.'
"Mr. Gouverneur Morris. The Executive may
possibly be at the head of the rebellion. The General
Government should enforce obedience in all cases
where it may be necessary.
"Mr. Ellsworth. In many eases the General Gov-
ernment ought not to be able to interpose, unless
called upon. lie was willing to vary his motion, so
as to read, ' or without it. when the Legislature can-
not meet.'
"Mr.Gerry was against letting loose the myrmi-
dons of the United States on a State without its own
consent. The States will be the best judges in such
cases. More blood would have been spilt in Mas-
sachusetts in the late insurrection if the general
authority had intermeddled.
"Mr. Langdon was for striking out, as moved by
Mr. Pincltney. The apprehension of the national
forco will have a salutary effect in preventing in-
surrections. .
" Mr. Randolph. If the national Legislature is to
judge whether the State Legislature can or cannot
meet that amendment would make the clause as
objectionable as the motion of Mr. Pinckney.
"Mr. Gouverneur Morris. We are acting a very
strange part. We first form a strongman to protect
us, and at the same time wish to tie his hands behind
him. The Legislature may surely be trusted with
sueh a power to preserve the public tranquillity.
"On the motion to add' or without it (application)
when the Legislature cannot meet,'it was agreed to—
New Hampshire, Connecticut, Virginia,South Caro-
lina, Georgia, ay—5 ; Massachusetts, Delaware,
Maryland, no—3; Pennsylvania, North Carolina,
divided. .
"Mr.MADISONandMr.DiCKiNSON moved to insert
as explanatory after 'State,' 'against the govern-
ment thereof.' There might be a rebellion against
the United States. The motion was agreed to, nem.
CO"0n theclauseasamended—New Hampshire. Con-
necticut, Virginia, Georgia, ay—4; Delaware, Mary-
land, North Carolina, South Carolina, no—4; Massa-
chusetts. Pennsylvania, absent. So it was lost."—
The Madison Pavers, 3d vol., pp. 1350,1351.
" On a subsequent day, August30, the section con-
ferring on Congress the power to make provision
to repel 'foreign invasion' being under considera-
tion, the word ' foreign' was struck out, nem. con., as
superfluous, being implied in the term 'invasion.'
" Mr. Dickinson moved to strike out 'on tlio ap-
plication of its Legislature against.' He thought
it of essential importance to the tranquillity of the
United States that they should in all cases suppress
domestic violence, which may proceed irom the State
Legislature itself, or from disputes between the two
branches where such exist. , . „ t>, ,
"Mr. Dayton mentioned the conduct ot illiode
Island, as showing the necessity of giving latitude
to the power of theUnited States on this subject.
"On the question—Ne J ersey, Pennsylvania,Del-
aware, ay—3; New Hampshire. Massachusetts,^Con-
necticut, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, no—8.
"Mr. Dickinson moved to insert the words or
Executive' after the words ' application of its Legis-
lature.' The occasion itself, he remarked, might
hinder the Legislature from meeting.
" On this question—New Hampshire, Connecticut,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, ay—8; Massachusetts,
Virginia, no—2; Maryland divided.
"Mr. L. Martin moved to subjoin to the last
amendment the words 'in the recess of the Legisla-
ture.' On which question—Maryland only, ay.
" The section then read : The United States shall
guaranty to every State in this Union a republican
form of government; and shall protect each of tliein
against invasion; and on application of the Legis-
lature or Executive, against domestic violence."
On the final revision of the Constitution by
the Convention, article four, section four, be-
ing reached, aftgr the word "executive" were
inserted the words 1' when the Legislature can-
not be convened;" and thus this section was
put in the form as it became a part of the
Constitution, in these words:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion; and on
the application of the Legislature, or of the Execu-
tive (when the Legislature cannot bo convened)
against domestic violence."—Madison Papers, vol.
3, PP. 1466,1467, 1559,1590.
The Constitution makes the application of
each State, by its Legislature or Executive, a
precedent condition, a sine qua non to the
interference by the United States with military
force, or in any mode, to protect it against
domestic violence.
The instrument had previously proposedto
confer upon Congress the power "to provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws
of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel
invasions;" and had made it the duty of the
President "to take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed ;" but this power of the United
States to protect a State against domestic vio-
lence is not a congressional or presidential
or only a United States power, but it is a
mixed, a conjoint power of the particular
State and the United States; its operation
has to be initiated by the State, and it cannot
go into effect until its Legislature or Execu-
tive has applied to the United States Govern-
ment to interpose to protect it against domes-
tic violence. It is thus seen that the framers
of the Constitution, the Convention, intended
to provide, and did provide, that neither the
President, or Congress, or both together, should
have any power to initiate a single step in that
direction, This power was carefully organized
that it might be exercised for the protection
and benefit of the States, without their being
endangered or oppressed by the officious in-
terference of the Government of the United
States; and as they have the right to call for
the action of the power within their several
boundaries, they can terminate that action by
requesting its withdrawal.
This is the express remedy which the Con-
stitution has provided for domestic violence
in the States; none other can be devised by
Congress and the President, and they cannot
abrogate, alter, or amend this in any respect
whatever.
Story, treating of this provision in his Com-
mentaries, says:
"It may not be amiss further to observe, in the
language of another commentator, that every pre-
text for intermeddling with the concerns of any State
under color of protecting it against domestic vio-
lence, is taken away by that part of the provision
which renders an application from the Legislature
or executive authority of the State endangered
necessary to be rnado to the General Government
before its interference can be at all proper."
This principle is expressly asserted by the
Supreme Court in the case of Luther vs. Bor-
den, (8 Howard, pages 42, 44.)
The third and fourth sections propose sev-
eral palpable and atrocious violations of the
Constitution, some of which I will name ;
1. The President shall march armies into
any State under the pretext of protecting it
against domestic violence, not only without the
application of its Legislature or Governor, but
wholly irrespective of them.
2. That the President may do this, not only
when such domestic violence may be too form-
idable to be suppressed by the power of the
State, or so much so as greatly to menace its
peace and security, but also in cases where
the violence, unlawful combinations, or con-
spiracies of two or more men had deprived,
or had intended to deprive, a person of any
right, privilege, or immunity named in the act,
and which from any cause had not been pun-
ished by the State authorities,
3. Wherever the unlawful combinations
named in the third section are organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to
be able by violence to overthrow or set at defi-
ance the constituted authorities of such State,
that is, repeat their violence, and are not pun-
ished therefor, in every such case sueh com-
binations shall be deemed a rebellion against
the Government of the United States.
4. The bill proposes to make ordinary crimes
and violence against the laws of the States
crimes and rebellion against the United States,
and to make them the pretext for the Presi-
dent to take military possession of the State,
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, to declare martial law, and to super-
sede the State government by an absolute
military despotism.
I have already shown that the marching of
troops by the President, with or without an
i act of Congress, into a State, on the pretext
| of protecting it against domestic violence,
! without the application of the Legislature or
| Governor, would be a flagitious violation of
| the Constitution ; and to make acts of unlaw-
i ful force, when committed by two or more
