1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
adopt measures which are prohibited by the Consti-
tution, or should Congress, under the pretext of exe-
cuting its powers, pass laws for the accomplishment
of objects not intrusted to the Government, it would
become the painful duty of this tribunal, should a
ease requiring such a decision come before it, to say
that such an act was not the law of the land."
Congress is about to do a much more culpa-
ble thing than to pass such an act as Chief
Justice Marshall thus hypothetically depre-
cated ; it is about to pass one most atrocious
in its provisions and character, upon a claim
of authority which is insufficient to form even
a pretext of being in execution of its constitu-
tional powers.
Mr. President, your party has been in power
for ten years, and has for that long period
wielded not only all the constitutional powers
of the Government, but a vast and tremendous
amount outside and in violent conflict with it.
The Government does not belong to your party
or any party, but to the people of this great
country; and their confiding it to you is the
most important of all trusts. But how deplora-
bly have you abused it. The highest duty
required of you is to administer it faithfully in
conformity to the Constitution, justly, mag-
nanimously, and for the good of all the people
of the United States. The Government so ad-
ministered, it is of but little moment by what
party or what men it may be administered.
The annexation of Dominica and the whole
island, and the passage of this bill are the pet
measures of the President, and of much the
most interest of the few that he has ever recom-
mended to the consideration of Congress. Their
first origin was not in either House of Con-
gress, but the Grant Radicals of both have
been brought by him to their strenuous sup-
port.
No previous Administration approximated
the weakness of the present one, the number
and length of its absences from Washington
city, the frequency of its election excursions
and speeches, its general neglect of duty, and
its unremitting and energetic exertions to bring
the powers and patronage of the United States
Government into conflict with the freedom of
the suffrage of the American people. Two
years of deplorable failure have demonstrated
the incompetency and unfitness of the Pres-
ident for the great and difficult duties of his
office. Changeyour policy, retrace your steps,
repeal your unconstitutional laws, gather up
the broken fragments of the Constitution, and
put them together in the spirit of truth, patri-
otism, and statesmanship, reestablish a con-
stitutional and limited Government and the
rights of the States and the liberties of the
people under it, repudiate the whole Dominica
scheme and this atrocious measure, give quiet
but unmistakable evidence of your purpose to
drop General Grant and to bring out a lofty
patriot and able statesman as your candidate
at the next presidential election, and you may
win back the departing confidence of the peo-
ple : at any rate, you would advance a great
step toward commanding the respect and con-
fidence of one humble individual.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I rise to
suggest to the Senator who has this bill in
charge that we now come to an understanding
as to when the vote shall be taken. I think
that it cannot, with any comfort to anybody,
be taken by sitting the bill out to-night. I
have no complaint to make. I admit that there
has been fair discussion and fair time for dis-
cussion, and yet there are several Senators
who have as much right to be heard on the
bill as any who have spoken, and I believe it
is hardly consistent with the dignity of this
body to try a question of physical strength on
a bill like this. ^ know very well that it is in
the power of the majority to sit the bill out
and take a vote some time to-night, or some
time to-morrow morning, but I submit to the
majority whether it is not better that we should
have a friendly understanding to take the vote
some time to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not take it to-day?
Mr. THURMAN. We cannot take it to-
day  
Mr. CONKLING. Why not?
Mr. THURMAN. Why not? Simply be-
cause there are Senators to speak who will
speak until after midnight. The Senate can
sit here, if it pleases. The Senator from New
York is a young and able-bodied man ; there
are some ofus who are neither young nor able-
bodied ; but whether we are or not, I submit
to the Senate that for the purpose of saving a
few hours it hardly becomes the Senate of the
United States to engage in this business of
sitting out a debate on such a question as this.
I hope there will be unanimous consent to agree
to take the vote of the Senate at four or five
o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am. very glad my hon-
orable friend from Ohio has stated that we
have treated the opposition to this bill with
fairness and have allowed ample and fair
opportunity for discussion. We have designed
to do that on this occasion, and have designed
to do it on all others, both those that have
happened and those that are to happen. But
my friend forgets that we have been here now
since the 4th day of March, and that almost
the exclusive subjects of discussion in this
body have been these very questions in gen-
eral and iii detail, constitutional, as to fact,
as to the powers of the Government, as to the
usefulness and expediency of undertaking to
apply any remedy to ills, or supposed ills, as my
friends would call them; and at last, after all
this discussion, a bill was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary last Monday morning,
and notice was given then that the bill, it being
the only subject which the Senate has the right
to consider without unanimous consent, should
be pushed forward; and it was at the sugges-
tion, I think, of some one of my friends on
the other side that the discussion might go
on upon Monday, the bill being reported on
that day, in order to avoid sitting on Saturday,
when it might have been reported. Notice was
then given that on this day—Wednesday was
first named, but Thursday afterward—we would
endeavor to finish it. The whole of the week
has been devoted to the discussion of this bill,
except the day that my friends on the other
side chose, by their potential voices, to devote
to the dicussionof another subject, against the
wishes of the majority of my friends on this
side, who wished to pusl^ this bill. I do not
speak of that as complaining of anybody; I
only say that it was by the choice of my friends
on the other side that that day was devoted to
another subject.
Mr. CONKLING. And with notice given
at the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And with notice given
at the time, as my friend behind me suggests,
that we must still adhere to the idea of finish-
ing this bill to-day so as to close, if possible,
this session of Congress this week. Now we
have gone on. Our friends on the other side
have occupied, counting by hours, much more
than one half of the whole time, although in
point of numbers they only hold something
less than one third of the whole body of the
Senate. So that the greatest fairness and lib-
erality—I do not speak of liberality in the sense
ofagift, butin the sense of courtesy, of course;
gentlemen have a right to speak as long as
they please—have been shown. Now we have
hoped (and I trust we shall stick to it) that we
may, as a matter of business, comporting with,
instead of being opposed to, the dignity of the
Senate, go on manfully and steadily, talking
to the point, until we have finished our dis-
cussion and then terminate the bill by a vote.
I have not occupied any of the time of the
Senate, except a very few moments in a mere
simple explanation of what the bill was ; and
I only expect to occupy a very brief time of
the Senate, as it may be my duty in charge of
the bill, in replying to some of the objections
that have been made to it. I hope, therefore,
that my friends will not think themselves either
coerced or treated with discourtesy if we ask
them to attend with us and finish this bill
to-night..
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Demo -
cratic members on this floor were guilty of the
great crime of supposing that before consider-
ing a bill which might put the States of Ala-
bama and Georgia under martial law it was
right that the question whether Alabama and
Georgia should be represented on this floor
ought to be decided by the Senate. They
were not able to cany the proposition to con-
sider the rights of the claimants to seats from
Alabama and Georgia on this floor by their
own votes. There were Republican Senators
on this floor who thought that Alabama and
Georgia ought to have their full voice in this
body if the men sent by them here were enti-
tled to seats. I confess we thought so too.
We thought that was a question of high priv-
ilege, and we thought if ever there was a time
when such a question as that ought to be de-
cided, it was when abill which might place those
States under the power of the military, with
the suspension of the habeas corpus, was pend-
ing before the Senate. I have no apology to
make for the votes we gave on that occasion.
Mr. CASSBRLY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will suggest to him that sixteen mem-
bers of the majority voted with the ten or
eleven members of the minority here to bring
about that result which the Senator from Ver-
mont complains of.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not go into the
numbers; I care nothing about that. It is
sufficient that without their votes we had no
power to bring that question before the Sen-
ate. I still think it was properly brought
before the Senate, and I still think it ought to
have been decided before we took up another
subject.
I cannot agree, either, with the Senator from
Vermont in counting the Senate and saying
that there are so many Democratic Senators
here and so many Republican Senators, and
the Democratic Senators have occupied so
much time on a bill like this, which a Repub-
lican Senator on this floor, and one whoso
voice is as potential in this country as that of
any other man, says is a question whether we
shall revolutionize our Government. I cannot
agree that the Senator from Vermont shall
count the Republican side of the Senate and
the Democratic side of the Senate and assume
that all on the Republican side are in favor of
the bill and all who are on the Democratic
side are opposed to it and limit the time of
debate according to numbers. How the Sen-
ate will stand on this bill can only be told
when the vote shall be taken. The people can-
not know, the Senate cannot know, who are
for this bill and who are against it, except so
far as members here have expressed their
views, until the vote be taken. Therefore, I
do not admit that the Senator from Vermont
has a right to say that every Republican Sen-
ator will vote for this bill, and every Demo-
cratic Senator will vote against it.
Mr. ED M UNDS. I did not say that.
Mr. THURMAN. No; but the Senator
counts the Senate, and ho counts how many
Republican Senators there are, and how many
Democratic Senators there are, and says that
we have occupied as much time as the majority
on this floor. Yes, the majority on general
questions, but be has no right to say the ma-
jority on this bill. I trust that there are men
of the Republican party on this floor who will
not vote for such a bill as this. At all events,
whether that be so or not, no man has a right
to assume that they will. _ But if it were so I
utterly deny, on the question of the length of
debate, the correctness of this idea of measur-
ing the time that may be occupied by the mem-
bers of the Senate, by counting the Senate,
and finding how many of them are Democrats
and how many of them are Republicans.
Mr. President, I am very sorry to have to
make such remarks as these. I would rather
