1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
its shell, to escape the application of those mas-
ter principles which are truly national. The
Declaration of Independence with its immortal
truths was in abeyance; the Constitution itself-
was interpreted always in support of Slavery.
I never doubted that this interpretation was
wrong, not even in the days of Slavery; but it
is doubly, triply wrong, now that the Declara-
tion of Independence is at last regarded, and
that the Constitution not only makes Slavery
impossible but assures the citizen in the enjoy-
ment of Equal Rights. I do not quote these
texts, whether of the Declaration or the Con-
stitution. You know them by heart. But
they are not vain words. Vital in themselves,
they are armed with all needful powers to
carry them into execution. As in other days
Slavery gave its character to the Constitution,
filling it with its own denial of Equal Rights,
and compelling the National Government to
be its instrument, so now do I insist that
Liberty must give its character to the Constitu-
tion, filling it with life-giving presence and
compelling the National Government to be its
instrument. Once the Nation served Slavery
and in this service ministered to State Rights;
now it must serve Liberty with kindred devo-
tion, even to the denial of State Rights. All
this I insist is plain according to rules of inter-
pretation, simple and commanding.
Iu other days, while the sinister influence
prevailed, the States were surrounded by a
Chinese wall so broad that horsemen and
chariots could travel upon it abreast; but that
wall has now been beaten down, and the citizen
everywhere is under the protection of the same
Equal Laws, not only without distinction of
color but also without distinction of State.
What makes us a Nation? Not armies, not
fleets, not fortifications, not commerce reach-
ing every shore abroad, not industry filling
every vein at home, not population thronging
the highways ; none of these make our Nation.
The national life of this Republic is found in
the principle of Unity and in the Equal Rights
of all our people ; all of which being national
in character are necessarily placed under the
great safeguard of the Nation. Let the national
unity be assailed, and the nation will spring to
its defense. Let the humblest citizen in the
remotest village be assailed in the enjoyment
of Equal Rights, and the Nation must do for
that humblest citizen what it would do foritself.
And this is only according to the original prom-
ises of the Declaration of Independence, and
the more recent promises of the constitutional
amendments, the two concurring in the same
natioual principles.
Do you question the binding character of
the great Declaration? Then do I invoke the
constitutional amendments. But you carinot
turn from either, and each establishes beyond
question the boundaries of national power,
making it coextensive with the national unity
and the Equal Rights of all originally declared
and subsequently assured. Whatever is an-
nounced in the Declaration is essentially
national, and so also is all that is assured.
The principles of the Declaration, reenforced
by the constitutional amendments, cannot be
allowed to suffer. Being common to all, they
must be under the safeguard of all ; nor can
any State set up its local system against the
universal law. Equality implies universality ;
and what is universal must be national. If
each State is left to determine the protection
of Equal Rights, then will protection vary
according to the State, and Equal Rights will
prevail only according to the accident of local
law. There will be as many equalities as
States. Therefore, in obedience to reason, as
well as solemn mandate, is this power in the
Nation.
Nor am I deterred from this conclusion by
any cry of centralism, or it may be of imperial-
ism. These are terms borrowed from France,
where this abuse has become a tyranny, sub-
jecting the most distant communities even
in the details of administration to central
control. Mark, if you please, the distinction.
But no such tyranny is proposed among us;
nor any interference of any kind with mat-
ters local in character. The Nation will not
enter the State, except for the safe-guard
of rights national in character, and then only
as the sunshine, with beneficent power, and,
like the sunshine, for the equal good of
all. As well assail the sun because it is cen-
tral—because it is imperial. Here is a just
centralism; here is a generous imperialism.
Shunning with patriotic care that injurious
centralism and that fatal imperialism, which
have been the Nemesis of France, I hail that
other centralism which supplies an equal pro-
tection to every citizen, and that other impe-
rialism which makes Equal Rights the supreme
law, to be maintained by the national arm in
all parts of the land. Centralism! Imperial-
ism! Give me the centralism of Liberty.
Give me the imperialism of Equal Rights.
And may this national Capitol, where we are
now assembled, be the emblem of our Nation.
Planted on a hill-top, with portals opening
North and South, East and West, with spa-
cious chambers and with arching dome crowned
by the image of Liberty ; such is our imperial
Republic; but in nothing is it so truly imperial
as in that beneficent Sovereignty which rises
like a dome crowned by the image of Liberiy.
Nor am I deterred by any party cry. The
Republican party must do its work, which is
nothing less than the regeneration of the Nation
according to the promises of the Declaration
of Independence. To maintain the Republic
in its unity, and the people in their rights, such
is this transcendent duty. Nor do 1 fear any
political party which assails these sacred prom-
ises, eveh ifit falsely assume the name of Dem-
ocrat. Ho w powerless their efforts against these
immortal principles! For myself I know no
better service than that which I now announce.
Here have I labored steadfastly from early life,
bearing obloquy and enmity, and here again I
pledge the energies which remain to me, even
if obloquy and enmity survive.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I beg to
ask the Senator from Massachusetts whether
he intends to vote for this bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it has not
been a long time since we heard the President
of the United States arraigned, and in my judg-
ment justly arraigned, by the Senator from
Massachusetts, for usurping the war power
against the black people of the republic of
Hayti, but the Senator from Massachusetts
seems to be wholly insensible when a bill pro-
poses to confer upon the President the power
to make war on the white people of America.
He speaks of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. Why, sir, does he not remember that
the Declaration of Independence preceded the
adoption of the Articles of Confederation, and
that those articles were so completely a league
between the States that no law could be passed
which did not receive the votes of a majority
of the States in Congress, Delaware having as
much power as New York in the government
of the country? Where was then any unity as
a nation produced by the Declaration of Inde-
pendence? Where, then, was the unity, 1 ask,
when Delaware was as potent as New York?
Mr. President, this will not do. The Sen-
ator says we are now a nation, and a nation
means unity, and a nation means national pro-
tection for the rights of the individual man.
What are his riglils ? His rights to life, to
liberty, and to property ; and if this is a na-
tion in the protection of his rights to life, to
liberty, and. to property, it will require more
than rhetoric to say that there is any such
thing as a State government left. Then, sir,
we have an imperial Government in fact, an
imperial Government that gentlemen may flat-
ter themselves with thinking is in the interest
of liberty, but that history, philosophy, rea-
son, common sense, tell us is in the interest
of despotism.
Why, sir, there never was a usurpation in
the world that was not justified under some
plausible pretext. There never was a despotic
government in the world formed or existed
that there was not some plausible pretext for
its existence. Sir, you have heard it said again
and again that there was more individual free;
dom in France under Louis Napoleon than in
the United States. You can hear it this day
in Russia, that there is more individual free-
dom there than there is in the United States.
You can hear it said everywhere where des-
potism exists, where all powers are concen-
trated in one Government or in one man, that
there is more individual freedom; and so there
is more individual freedom unless you question
the acts of the Government. There is more
individual freedom in France or in Austria or
in Turkey this day when you only touch the
interests of the individual and leave the Gov-
ernment untouched, than there is in the United
States. But the idea of freedom that we de-
rived from our English ancestors, the idea of
freedom that has been so dear to the Amer-
ican heart, is not simply the freedom of indi-
vidual action, but the freedom to question the
rulers of the Government and to hold them to
account; and whenever you make this Gov-
ernment one imperial united Government and
submit to it the protection of all the rights of
the individual, you have a despotism worse
than this world ever saw.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Is the Senate ready
for the question ? The Secretary will report
the first amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are about to
vote 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate seems
to have been ended, and the Chair was about
to put the question on this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state my ob-
ject in calling for the yeas and nays. The
first amendment is a verbal amendment, a
proper amendment, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
refer Senators to the amendment on the second
page in the ninth and tenth lines of the second
section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a verbal amend-
ment and a proper one to make, I think, if we
are to amend the bill at all. It improves the
phraseology of the bill; it does not change its
meaning in the least. The bill would amount
to the same thing whether this verbal amend-
ment were adopted or not. My own judgment
has been against amending the bill, and I think
this is the best opportunity to make that test.
I should vote for this amendment if we were
going to amend the bill, because I think it
improves the phraseology. There certainly
cannot be any objection to this amendment on
the part of any one who is disposed to amend
the bill at all.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment is in
line nine of the second section, is it not V
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lines nine and ten of
the second section. It does not change the
character of the bill in the least. Being my-
self of opinion that it was better not to make
the amendments which are proposed by the
committee, although this particular amend-
ment is proper enough if any were to be made,
I shall vote against this amendment, and 1
hope the Senate will do the same thing. Some
of the amendments, however, which are pro-
posed by the committee, as I stated on a
former occasion, in my judgment essentially
change the character of the bill, and 1 hope
they will not be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little amazed at
the observations of my friend from Illinois,
What his reasons are for opposing amendments
to a bill of the House of Representatives that
is sent here, which are proper in themselves or
