652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
necessary in themselves, he has not thought fit
to state to us. What there is peculiar about
this bill that should deprive us of the ordinary
right and duty of making it as perfect as pos-
sible, I am unable to comprehend. While I
think this amendment is of no great import-
ance, it is of importance enough to keep the
law, of which I believe my friend from Illinois
was the original author and which is now on
the statute-book, as it is now; for the House
bill as it stands does make a change in the
meaning of that law which this amendment is
designed to correct.
But all that I rose to say was that I trust
the friends of the general scope of this bill, as
the House has sent it to us, will stand by the
committee in making it as perfect as possible
within that scope, and will not allow them-
selves, upon any idea that does not seem to be
of great weight with them, to follow the body
of the opponents of the bill in rejecting all
amendments. When I say "opponents of the
bill," my friend from Illinois will understand
that I do not mean him by any means.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the roll-
call is commenced, the Chair will state, as the
Chief Clerk is absent at the moment, that the
amendment is in section two, line nine, to
strike out the words " against the will and,"
and in line ten to strike out the words "of
the United States" and insert "thereof;" so
as to read " or delay the execution of any law
of the United States, or by force to seize, take,
or possess any property of the United States
contrary to the authority thereof, or by force,
intimidation," &c. The roll will be called on
the amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to call the. roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (who had not voted when
his name was called.) My object in asking for
the yeas and nays was to see whether the Sen-
ate was disposed to amend the bill. I think
that this is a proper amendment if the bill is
to be amended at all; and that being the sense
of the Senate, I vote "yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 41,
nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter. Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Porueroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
(Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stockton, Thurinati, Tram-
bull, Wilson, and Wright—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cooper, Davis of West Vir-
cinia, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Stevenson, and
Yiekers—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron. Davis of
Kentucky, Fen ton, "Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Patter-
son, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, West, and Win-
dotn—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the second
amendment will be disagreed to for the rea-
sons stated so forcibly by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] the other day. It is
an amendment that proposes that men shall be
punished for touching the property of an officer
of the United States while engaged in his duty,
although he may be so engaged in one State
and his property may be five hundred miles
off, and the act complained of may have no con-
nection whatever with the discharge of his
official duties. I hope that amendment will
be disagreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I should
like very much to make a motion, if we are to sit
here to-night, that we take a recess until half
past seven o'clock if it be agreeable all around.
Mr. ANTHONY. Are not the Senators on
the other side of the Chamber willing to accede
to the proposition which I made some time
since, that the Senator in charge of the bill
take the floor to conclude the debate to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. 1HURMAN. Make the hour four
o'clock and we will agree to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. They will not agree to
that on this side.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
agree to take the vote to-morrow ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; I hope there
will be no objection to taking the vote to-mor-
row. I trust some arrangement will be made
to-day to do that. There has been thus far no
indication on the part of any person here, or
of any number of Senators, to talk against
time. The debate has been legitimate upon
the bill thus far. We ought not to punish
ourselves by sitting here through the night
when there is no disposition to prolong the
time unnecessarily. Why can we not agree
on some time to take the vote to-morrow ?
Mr. POMEROY. Say to-morrow at three
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say to-morrowat three
o'clock, or let us agree that the Senator from
Vermont shall take the floor at three o'clock.
He ought to have an opportunity to close the
debate, and I presume he desires it. I hope
some hour will be agreed upon when the
debate shall cease except so far as he desires
to close it.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest this: that we
meet to-morrow at ten o'clock, that the Sen-
ator from Vermont take the floor at four
o'clock, and at the close of his speech we take
the vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say three o'clock. The
Senator from Vermont does not like to take
the floor so late as four o'clock. Say three
o'clock. That will give five hours for general
debate to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Say two o'clock. Let us
meet at ten, and that wiil give four hours to-
morrow and all this evening.
Mr. CONKLING. To the original propo-
sition made by the Senator from Rhode Island,
although I should not have made it, that the
Senator from Vermont may take the floor to-
morrow at one o'clock, I will not object. I do
object now once for all to any postponement
to a later hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. And lot us meet at ten.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think that is
necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. And have an evening
session to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. We cannot take a recess
unless we settle this question. Will the Sen-
ators on the other side agree that the Senator
from Vermont shall take, the floor at two
o'clock to-morrow and let us meet at ten "and sit
as late this evening as gentlemen wish to soeak ?
Mr. CONKLING. I shall object if nobody
else does. I shall object to anything later than
one o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then will one o'clock
suit gentlemen on the other side, the Senate
meeting at ten to-morrow ?
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a way of get-
ting along with this matter, provided we on this
side all agree, without unanimous consent.
The Senate can meet at ten o'clock to-morrow
without unanimous consent, and without unan-
imous consent the minority can cease debating
at any hour they may agree upon, and then if
any gentleman on the other side wants to talk
after that against the member of the commit-
tee having charge of the bill, he is quite wel-
come to do it so far as we are concerned.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose those who
desire to pass this bill will not agree to any
recess or any adjournment unless the time at
which the vote shall be taken is fixed.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Rhode
Island, I think, does not understand me. I say
that if, for_ instance, the minority here state
that they will not debate the bill after a cer-
tain hour to-morrow, that amounts to the same
thing practically as unanimous consent that
debate shall cease at that hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Consequently unanimous
consent will not be required to agree upon any
hour to-morrow for closing debate. The Sen-
ate can without unanimous consent, by a ma-
jority I presume, do that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should not like to risk
that ifl had charge of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is still in possession of the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With his permission, I
wish to say 
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a sort of free
conference; I do not claim the floor. I wish
to arrive at an understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator; but in carrying out what I
supposed to be the wishes of a majority of the
friends of this bill, I stated some time ago that
I thought we ought to stay here and finish the
bill to- night; but if any of our friends, or if the
gentlemen on the other side or the most of
them prefer to agree to the original proposi-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island to
sit as long to-night as anybody wishes, either
with a recess or without it, and to meet at
ten o'clock to-morrow and close the general
debate at one o'clock so that I may then have
an opportunity of presenting to the Senate
such considerations on this subject as I may
think necessary, I for one shall not object.
The Senator from New York is unwilling to
agree to anything but the original suggestion
of the Senator from Rhode Island, with the
modification that the other hour, the differ-
ence between one and two, be saved by meet-
ing at ten o'clock to-morrow so as still to have
three hours to-morrow before the general de-
bate shall close. Notwithstanding the fact
that there are a good many friends of the bill
who think we ought to dispose of it to-night,
I shall not object to that proposition ; but
beyond that, I shall feel it almost my duty, in
correspondence with the wishes of the friends
of the bill, to insist upon staying, and as
that accomplishes what the gentlemen on the
other side seem to have been willing to attain
of really having three hours to-morrow for
debate, I do not see that there can be any
objection to it on their part.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from
Vermont if he did not mean to include in his
proposition the idea of having a recess until
half past seven to-night? In that way we
might have two hours and a half this evening,
then meet at ten o'clock to-morrow and let
him take the floor at one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I stated distinctly that
a part of the understanding would be, if
agreeable to everybody, that the Senate would
not adjourn to-night as long as any gentleman
desired to have the floor, or would take a re-
cess until half past seven, and then meet and
not adjourn as long as any gentleman desired
to speak. That is to give everybody all the
time he wants to-night and ail the time he can
have between ten o'clock and one to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. I have some delicacy in
making any suggestion about this matter, hav-
ing already spoken on the bill myself; but it
does strike me that the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr, Wilson]
just made is the fairestof all the propositions
which have been made ; that we take a recess,
and that anybody who wants to speak to-
night may speak, and we meet at ten o'clock
to-morrow, and the Senator from Vermont
take the floor at one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the very sugges-
tion I made. ["Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition V The Chair hears no
objection, and it wiil stand in the language of
the Senator from Ohio 
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to in-
quire-
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to understand
what that is. I understand that to imply 
