654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
South and whose fathers and grandfathers
were born there before them, colored men
who have received but cannot peacefully enjoy
the rights of citizens of this_ Republic—all
men, irrespective of race, origin, or color, so
soon as they presume, in exercise of the rights
guarantied them in the Federal Constitution,
to vote or hold an office contrary to the opinion
of a political party, are continually m imminent
peril for property, person, and life, and are
denied equal justice in the courts.
The men who vote with the party who were
opposed to the rebellion and who suppressed
it, that stand by, support, and trust the ma-
jority of this Senate, or who accept a petty
office from a Republican Administration, are
in much of the country continually in immi-
nent peril for their lives. I speak what I know.
When there is no call for it we but aggravate
our difficulties and the dangers to loyal men
by publishing these facts or by dwelling upon
them; but when the subject of legislation to
suppress these disorders is before us it is time
to speak, and that plainly. As an illustration,
I will refer in brief to one county only.
John L. Finlayson, clerk of the court of
Jackson county, Florida, was a native of the
State and had served as a surgeon in the con-
federate army; a man of refinement, upright
and honorable; a peaceful, law-abiding citizen,
faithfully performing the duties of his office.
He joined heartily in the work of reconstruc-
tion, and labored earnestly in instructing the
voters in all the duties and responsibilities of
citizenship and in the organization of his party.
He was a Republican, and was doing his work
well. About one year ago, while walking in
the evening, arm in arm with a friend from
his office to his dwelling, he fell dead—shot
by an ambushed assassin. This man was my
personal and political friend. His successor
also was my friend, and the friend of others
upon this floor. He was an alumnus of Har-
vard University; he had been a Union soldier;
he was a man of the largest culture, of the
strictest integrity, of great personal worth, of
positive conviction, and great activity; he was
the recognized leader of his party in his own
and adjoining counties. Such a man must be
disposed of; and just nine days ago, as he was
walking from the same office his predecessor
had left on the evening of his assassination,
the same time in the evening, the same street,
and on the very spot where Dr. Finlayson had
fallen, a bullet pierced his heart and he was
added to the list of martyrs who had been sac-
rificed in a systematic attempt to overawe and
bring the State of Florida under the assassin's
rule.
And with these two, as is shown by the rec-
ord, seventy-two others have fallen by assas-
sination in the same county, all Republicans,
and yet no criminal has been punished for this
slaughter. The elfects of this work and the
end to be attained are proven by the fact that
two years since, by a fair vote, the county gave
eight hundred Republican majority. Last fall
the same county gave for two Republican can-
didates to the Assembly fourteen majority, one
of whom resigned for fear of assassination
should he work with the Republicans in the
Legislature, and one Democrat was returned
as elected. By this process a county having
eight hundred Republican majority is repre-
sented in the Legislature by one Republican
and one' Democrat. Jackson county may be
the most lawless of any in the State, but it
is by no means the only one that has passed
beyond the reach of the civil law and the State
courts by this kind of electioneering.
The men who commit these crimes work
with deliberation, system, and in strict obedi-
ence to the orders or known wishes of their
leaders. Perjury in their estimation is no
crime, and they swear for each other, and each
in the other's interest under all circumstances,
and when serving upon juries acquit each other
regardless of facts or evidence. Where men
who are capable of such crimes, who are in
fact or by association sharers in the crimes, sit
upon juries, outrages of the worst order, the
most inhuman violence and cold-blooded mur-
ders are committed with impunity. In the
mind and opinion of these men the war has
not ceased. The Government declared peace
prevailed when there was no longer an organ-
ized army in the. field against it. But these
men have never declared peace.
These men, with hands stained with blood,
hostile to every man who stood by his coun-
try during the war, determined, by fair means
or by foul, that loyal men shall not remain in
power, ought not to sit upon juries and admin-
ister the laws enacted to punish their own
crimes. We have now on the statute-book a
law prescribing an oath which may, in the
discretion of the court, bar from jury duty
all who participated in and gave aid and com-
fort to the rebellion. These are for the most
part the men who constitute this secret organ-
ization. By reason of this law we have what
peace and order that remain to us.
I call for the reading of the second and third
sections of the law of June 17, 1862.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted. That afc each and
every term of any court of tho United States, the
district attorney, or other person acting for and on
behalf of the United States in said court, may move,
and the court in their discretion may require, the
clerk to tender to each and every person who may
be summoned to serve as a grand or petit juror or
venireman or talesman in said court, the following
oath or affirmation, namely: ' You do solemnly swear
(or affirm, as the case may be) that you will support
the Constitution of the United States of America;
that you have not, without duress or constraint,
taken up arms, or joined any insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States; that you have not
adhered to any insurrection or rebellion, giving it
aid and comfort; that youhave not, directly or indi-
rectly, given any assistance in money, or any other
thing, to any person or persons whom you knew, or
had good ground to believe, had joined, or was about
to join, said insurrection and rebellion, or had re-
sisted, or was about to resist, with force of arms, the
execution of the laws of the United States; and that
you have not counseled or advised any person or
persons to join any rebellion against, or to resist
with force of arms, the laws of the United States.'
Any person or persons declining to take said oath
shall be discharged by the court from serving on the
grand or petit jury, or venire, to which he may have
been summoned.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That each and
every person who shall take the oath herein pre-
scribed, and who shall swear falsely to any matter
of fact embraced by it, shall be held to have com-
mitted the crime of perjury, and shall be subject to
the pains and penalties declared against that crime,"
Mr. OSBORN, Under this law the men
engaged in these crimes may, in the discretion
of the court, be debarred from serving on juries
in all of the United States courts. In contrast
with this, I call for the reading of the oath
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Oath of the White Brotherhood, (Ku Klux Klan.)
"You solemnly swear, in the presence of Almighty
God, that you will neverreveal the name of the per-
son who initiated you; and that you will never reveal
what is now about to come to your knowledge; and
that you are not now a member of the Red String
Order, Union League, Heroes of America, Grand
Army of the Republic, or any other organization
whose aim and intention is to destroy the rights of
the South, or of the States, or of the people, or to.
elevate the negro to a political equality with your-
self; and that you are opposed to all such principles:
so help you God.
44 You further swear, before Almighty God, that
you will be true to the principles of this brotherhood
and the members thereof; and that you will never
reveal any of the secrets, orders, acts, or edicts, and
you will never make known to any person, not a
known member of this brotherhood, that you are a
member yourself, or who are members; and that you
will never assist in initiating, or allow to be initi-
ated, if you can prevent it, any one belonging to the
Red fetrmg Order, Union League, Heroes of Amer-
ica, Grand Army of the Republic, or any one hold-
ing Radical views or opinions; and should any
member of this brotherhood, or their families, be in
danger, you will inform them of their danger, and
it necessary, you will go to their assistance; and
that you will oppose all Radicalsand negroes in all of
their political designs; and that, should any Radical
or negro impose on, abuse, or injure any member of
this brotherhood, you will assistinpunishiug him in
any manner the camp maydirect.
" You further swear that you will obey all calls
and summonses of the chief of your camp or broth-
erhood, should it be in your power so to do.
"Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
never give tho word of distress unless you are in
groat need of assistance; and should you hear it
given by any brother you will go to his or their as-
sistance ; and should any member reveal any of tho
secrets, acts, orders, or edicts of the brotherhood,
you will assist in punishing him in any way the cauiii
may direct or approve of: so help you God."
Mr. OSBORN. The bill before us repeals the
United Statesjurors' oath, and thus allows those
men who chiefly compose the Ku Klux to sit
upon the juries of the United States courts. If
the United States jurors' oath be thus repealed,
it will be found, in practice, a substitution of
that Ku Klux oath for the present jurors' oath.
Let that jurors' oath be repealed, and the last
barrier is broken down ; we are worse off, be-
yond all comparison, even if this bill becomes
a law, than we were before. We pass a law to
suppress the assassination of, and violence be-
ing perpetrated upon, the person and property
of American citizens, and to suppress general
outlawry, and then by the same statute place
members of an organized society of assassins
and outlaws in the jury-box of the United States
courts, which they now can only reach by the
grace of the court, governed by the necessities
of the country in the administration of the
duties of his office.
Remonstrances have reached me against the
repeal of the law now prescribing the oath for
jurors. I will request the Clerk to read these
letters, one being from the district attorney,
one from the United States marshal of the
northern district of Florida, and one from the
Governor of the State.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Tallahassee, Florida, April 8.1871.
Dear Colonel : It is reported that the House has
passed a bill repealing the aet authorizing the admin-
istration of the jurors' oath. I have had occasion to
consider this question as fully, perhaps, as any man
in the State, and it is my unqualified conviction that
said aet should not be repealed. I think it is not
presumption in me to say that I know the time has
not come in this State for the repeal of the aet.
Ispeaklrom experience when I assure you that
you cannot obtain aconviction for infractions of the
revenue laws and enforcement acts without a rigid
enforcement of the taking of said oath by the jury.
This is my experience as a prosecuting officer, and
upon this I express my views, and not from political
bias. It is true, upon discussing the question before
the recent session of the United States court here.
Judge Frazer states that he thought the time had
come when the oath should not be exacted; but since
that diseussion, Frazer said to me that he was satis-
fied that I was right in requiring it, that he was mis-
taken, and that he would support rue in requiring it
to betaken.
If I ever had a serious conviction upon any ques-
tion, it is that the law as it now stands is wise, and
that the most disastrous consequences will result
from its repeal.
Good order, good government, and civil liberty
demand that persons hostile to and unsympathetic
with the nation's Administration should bo ex-
eluded irom the jury-box. Instead of repealing it,
I would make it stronger. Its repealwill take away
tire last hope of every thoughtful Republican in
this State.
I trust you will do your utmost to defeat it. If
done, unless I can before long discover something
augurmg a more auspicious future for protection to
lite and property in this State than there b now any
ground to hope for, I shall be disposed to resign
my office, as I believe any efforts of mine to enforce
the law would simply result in encouraging its vio-
lation.
The truth is. our State is in a bad condition. A
feeling of insecurity pervades the breast of every
tninking man. Our best citizens are assassinated
with impunity. In some counties our civil officers
are driven off, and dare not return; in others, at-
tempts to enforce the law are mere mockeries.
A stronger government of some kind is demanded,
and we must have it, or relapse into barbarism,
Y ours, &c., H. BIXBY, jr.
Office Uxitkd States Marshal
Northern District of Florida,
Tallahassee, Florida, Avril 8,1871.
Deap. Sir: I see by the press dispatches that a bill
has passed the House repealing the law requiring
the test-oath of jurors in United States courts. AH
I have to say is this: if this bill becomes a law, I am
done. If Congress is so blindly, foolishly ignorant
of the status of this section of the country as such
action indicates, they had best not attempt any
legislation at all. We are infinitely better off with
this provision in regard to jurors upon tho statule-
books than wo should be with the most rabid Ku
Klux laws and this provision repealed. I soeau just
what I say when 1 tell you that the officers of (his
court will.fold their arms and give up in despair if
this bill becomes a law. y ou know that we havQ
