1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 055
been able to guard the rights of the loyal men in
Florida; and you know, too, that we have done it.
Take that oath from our court and we are helpless.
What a " fame I" Require a juror to swear that he
does not belong to theKu Klux, when he was sworn
on becoming a member of that klan that he would
perjure himself to get on a jury to acquit one of his
fellows. For God'ssake, adjourn without any legis-
lation rather than give us this.
Very truly, . T. CONANT,
United States Marshal.
Hon. T. \Y. Osborst, United Slates Senator.
Executive Office,
Tallahassee, Flobida, April 7,1871.
Sik: It becomes inv painful duty to inform you
that the last active Republican office-holder west
of the Chattahoochie and east of Milton has been
assassinated. J. Q. Dickinson, clerk of court for
Jackson county, was shot at about ten o'clock on
Monday night, and found dead with thirteen buck-
shot and one bullet in his body. Two shots were
fired. He was killed within a few yards of the spot
where his predecessor, John L. Finlayson, fell, at
the hands of the rebel assassin. The sheriff had been
previously whipped and driven from the county,
and the tax collector had been forcibly compelled
to suspend his collections.
On the 28th March Mr. Dickinson, inclosing a
letter on public business, remarked:
"I hardly think it possible for me to get through
with another election with my head on my shoulders.
"The latest news from this county is as follows:
Saturday last John R. Ely forced the collector.
Homer Bryan, by threats of immediate personal
violence, to sign an order to discontinue an adver-
tisement for the sale of his land for taxes. To-day
Judge Anderson assaulted Elijah Williams, county
commissioner, with a cane for presuming to oppose
a petition of Anderson's before the board. Ely lias
repeatedly threatened me for advising and aiding
the collector in his business; these are samples.
" Respectfully, J. Q. DICKINSON."
You must not pass that "modified Ku Klux bill"
just passed the House. The modification of the
jurors' test-oath will abandon to the rebels the last
stronghold of loyalty. See to it that we are pro-
tected.
In great haste, yours, truly,
HARRISON REED,
Governor of Florida.
Mr. OSBORN. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment proposed by me will be adopted.
It ia of more advantage to the law-abiding peo-,
pie of this country that the jurors' oath be
retained as it now stands on our statute-books
than that this bill be passed as it is, and that
oath abolished, and the enemies of our coun-
try, and at the same time the enemies of law
and order, shall constitute the major part of
all our juries in a dozen States of this Union.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Missouri on my left the other day did
me the honor to refer to and quote some
remarks previously submitted by me on the
general subject which has been under discus-
sion for some days past.
In this reference the use he made of my
remarks was in support of the proposition that
the outrages existing in the South, if existing
at all, are the direct consequence of the mal-
administration of local affairs by the govern-
ments which have grown out of reconstruc-
tion. While I appreciate the good nature of
the Senator from Missouri in his commendation
of the few remarks I made on this subject, and
while I am not disposed to deny that the mal-
administration of public affairs has served too
well as a pretext for the commission of the
gross crimes of the Ku Klux Klan, I cannot
let this occasion pass without disclaiming most
positively that such maladministration affords
the slightest excuse or palliation, in my judg-
ment, forthe seourgings,the maimings, the mur-
ders, and the unspeakable horrors by which
the Ku Klux Klan have marked their bloody
path. If the law has been violated by its
sworn officers, the courts are open forthe pun-
ishment of such violations, and there is no
ground whatever for fear that those courts will
screen the offenders. If the Legislatures have
been influenced by bribery, the patriotic citi-
zen has it in his power to institute proceed-
ings to punish such offenses as completely as
the citizen of Pennsylvania or New York has
it in his power to institute proceedings to
punish the bribery of the legislators of those
States, which is alleged to have become quite
as shameless and quite as common as that
■which is alleged of the members of the Legis-
latures of Louisiana or North or South Caro-
lina. If the ballot-boxes have been stuffed, the
courts stand with open doors to give redress, or
at least to punish those who stuff them. Many
instances of conviction for illegal voting and
tampering with the ballot-boxes have occurred
in South Carolina where the offenders were all
Republicans, and the convicted culprits are
now paying the lawful penalties of their crimes
by imprisonment. There ia no class of offenses
committed by the dominant party in the State
I in part represent which are not punishable
by the courts of the State, and which will not
meet due punishment there as fully as similar
offenses will meet it elsewhere. Incompetency,
inefficiency in public officers are evils for which
frequently-recurring elections furnish the legiti-
mate remedy.
Much, therefore, as we deplore the exist-
ence and extent of evils of administration we
may not wholly deny, such evils afford no ex-
cuse to any class of people for violations c^f
law which, while they exist, shock humanity
and would render the rule of almost any
despot welcome.
In endeavoring to give reasons why the
imposition of political disabilities should not
originally have been made, and why they
should no longer be retained, I stated facts. I
endeavored to show what in practice was the
effect of those disabilities. But I did not in
any way indicate any opinion that such ought
to have been the effect. I did not then regard,
nor have I at any time regarded the imposition
of those disabilities as a hardship upon those
affected by them. They were a conquered
people, and could claim no rights except such
as belong to a conquered people. Any and
all concessions made to them were of grace,
and only of grace. I treated the matter as a
question of policy, and, as a question of policy,
1 think the imposition of disabilities was an
error. The effect was to unite the masses of
the southern whites, as well those under dis-
abilities as those not thus affected, against the
measures of reconstruction. This was an evil.
It placed in the hands of our political foes a
weapon they were sure to use for the purpose
of exciting the hostility of those who had
hitherto largely, and indeed almost entirely,
controlled the political action of the South,
toward the reconstruction measures. It en-
abled them, by appeals to passions and preju-
dices which should have been lulled to sleep,
to alarm the fears of the people of " negro
supremacy," the rule of the ignorant, and the
subordination of intelligence and property.
It had no correspondent advantages.
But let me say that the Republican party
was not responsible for the evil which came
from this imposition of disabilities. Nay, sir,
the evil would never have had any consider-
able extent but for the action and attitude of
the northern Democratic party. That wing of
the Democratic party is more responsible for
the evils which have resulted from the non-
participation of the southern whites in the re-
construction of the new State governments
than all other parties whatever.
The passage of the first reconstruction laws
laid down a method by which governments
which had been absolutely destroyed by the
rebellion might be re-formed and rebuilt on
a base constructed in harmony with our new
condition. Those laws were the deliberate
action of a Congress representing unques-
tionably the majority of all the loyal people
of the country. They violated no sound prin-
ciple.
If not drawn in strict accordance with any
power specifically given in the Constitution,
they violated no provision of that instrument
which was applicable to the case. The Con-
stitution did not provide for secession; the j
bond of life to the Union, it did not provide
for its death; nor could we expect to find
therein directions for reuniting a chain which,
by its own intention, was never to be sundered.
They gave to the citizens of the States lately
in insurrection every liberty consistent with
security of the results aimed at in the war.
They gave to the people of those States com-
plete control over the rebuilding of their own
governments, limited only by the principles
which hafl', without dissenting voice, been ad-
mitted to have been established by the decis-
ions of the war. Not three per cent, of the
men formerly entitled jinder State laws to vote
were excluded from the exercise of this right
under the reconstruction laws, even at the first
election, and at subsequent elections in most
of the States reconstructed, the right to vote
was conferred on all male citizens alike. It
will not, t&arefore, do to say that the recon-
struction laws stood in the way of a general
participation in the local government by the
people of the southern States. There was an
exclusion of the mass of men who had formerly
been political leaders from the offices. But it
is incredible that there were not among the
men not thus excluded great numbers who,
by their education and character, were fitted
to become fair public officers, even though not
before having had experience as such.
It is not to be supposed that diligent inquiry
by those who knew the society of the South
would have failed to discover among the peo-
ple not ineligible, men enough to fill the public
offices with a moderate degree of competency
and integrity, had there been a disposition
to make that inquiry. It was not reasonable to
expect to find many men possessed of remark-
able intellectual or moral traits who had never
held public positions; but average legislators
and State and county officers are not men
possessed of remarkable intellectual or moral
traits, andifthestockofsuch men wasinstantly
blotted out of any State in the Union to-day,
no great search would be necessary to find
substitutes who would reasonably well fill the
positions they made vacant.
No, sir; it was not a necessary result of the
political disabilities that the public offices in
the southern States were not filled by reason-
ably competent persons. If those offices were
not tolerably well filled at the elections first
held under the acts of reconstruction, the
southern whites have no reason to complain.
Their action gives them no right to do so ; or
rather, I should say, their want of action at
the most critical period of their history takes
away from them any right of criticism now.
They deliberately abandoned the dearest inter-
ests of this and future generations at a mo-
ment when every instinct of patriotism, every
prompting of humanity, every moral and ma
terial interest demanded action of the most
energetic kind. When the fallen fabric of the
State, fallen because of their own misguided
rebellion, was to be "reconstructed, and the
work was committed to their hands in the
name of law and order, in the name of human-
ity, in the name of civilization, and when every
sentiment of elevated patriotism should have
nerved their arms to this noble work, they
refused to move a hand ; they refused all coun-
sel and assistance to the task; they turned
their backs upon those who were struggling to
bear this unwonted burden ; they heaped de-
nunciation and derision upon every participant
in the conventions ; they used every engine of
social and moral power to crush the honest
workers for reconstruction and restoration;
they laughed to scorn the attempts made by
men, forced into the positions they held, to do
their difficult duty in the best manner under
the circumstances.
Sir, what motive impelled these men so to
desert the post of dutyin amomentof supreme
importance? Was it of their own volition that
they thus risked the welfare of themselves,
their children, and their children's children?
Were it so, the charge of hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, still active after
the war of arms had ccasedj would be main-
tained.
But, Mr. President, there is abundant evi-
dence that, at every stage in the process of
