1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
657
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Nevada is
so much grieved by what is going on in North
Carolina that I desire to divert his attention
from that sad theme, and I send up a paper
to the desk, and desire the Secretary to read
it, giving an account of some affairs that have
recently occurred in Nevada.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, and they wereallDem-'
ocrats. I have read the list of them. I know
all about them.
Mr. BLAIR. I should require much better
testimony than the Senator's on that point.
Mr. NYE. I wantthelaw to apply in Nevada
as well as in North Carolina.
Mr. BLAIR. I am afraid we shall have to
reterritorialize the State of Nevada, and thus
lose the services of that eminent gentleman, if
his people go on killing each other in this way
much longer. 1 hope the Secretary will read
the paper.
Mr. NYE. They would not take the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri in my place, at
any rate,
Mr. BLAIR. God forbid that they should,
in your place. [Laughter.] I should desire
somebody else's place.
Mr. NYE. They are sharper than that in
Nevada.
Mr. BLAIR. The place you have could not
be filled. I ask the Secretary to read the
paper. I do not want the Senator to shed all
his tears gratuitously for North Carolina.
Let him look at home.
Mr. NYE. Read on. I assert now that
they are all Democrats, every one of them.
[Laughter.]
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Nye's Cry.—On Tuesday last Mr. Nye, of
Nevada, made a most tearful speech in the Senate
on 'the voice of woe' and 'the cry of murder'
South, not excepting North Carolina,where the Army
officers in garrison savtheKuKluxisonly talked of
but never seen ; or Kentucky, where Senator (late
Governor) Stevknson says: 'As I hope to answer at
the great bar of God, there is no such organization ;'
or Mississippi, where the Itepublican Governor.
Alcorn, says: 'Save in these cases, [one riot and
"someminoroutrages/'] Mississippi presents an un-
broken evidence of civil obedience and order;' or
Virginia, where Senator Sherman says: 'I am per-
fectly aware that there is no testimony showing it to
exist in Virginia;' or Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana,
or Florida, whereof nobody complains; so that their
names are never seen in print now connected with
' outrages.' Disregarding these small eaiceptions to
his 'voice of woe.' Mr. Nyk made that voice roar
and yell in the Senate in fine fashion on Tuesday
last; but why so silent on a little occurrence in his
own State as set forth in the papers there?
"Let him attend to what the Carson City (Nevada)
Register of the 15th inst. says:
" 'AH sorts of rumors were put in circulation dur-
ing yesterday concerning the arrest and probable
lynching of assassins and incendiaries who had fallen
into the clutches of the law at Virginia. It seems
that place has been infested for a long time with as
reckless and desperate a band of villains as over
went unhung, who have been pretty extensively
engaged in setting fire to and destroying the prop-
erty of those who happened to fall under their dis-
pleasure, and while by this means they were able to
wreak a fearful vengeance on theirenemies, a fine
opportunity was afforded for obtaining ill-gotten
plunder. This gang of cut-throat miscreants have
at last come to grief, itwould seem, and unless hung
by a vigilance committee will be furnished quarters
with Governor Denver at the State's expense. The
fellow who set fire to Piper's Opera House, when ar-
rested and charged with the offense, under the coer-
cion of a rope around his neck, made a clean breast
of the matter and implicated quite anumber of per-
sons belonging to the'fire brigade'of that cit3r. On
the strength of those disclosures some six or eight
persons have been arrested and are now in confine-
ment. It is also reported, on what seems to be pretty
good authority, that a vigilance committee has been
formed and may at any moment make a raid on the
jail and capture the prisoners.'.
"The same paper has also the subjoined para-
graphs in another place:
Overflowing.—The Virginia lock-up is
full and running over with criminals of high and low
degree, so much so that Chief of Police Downey
demands that an extension be put on the estab-
lishment.
4 A vigilance committee is seriously talked of in
Virginia as being the shortest way to dispose of the
numerous shootists which have been developed in
the last few days.'
•'Furthermore, letMr. Nye inclineunto this,from
the Virginia (Nevada) Enterprise of the 15th instant,
an account of special worth, as being from the very
spot:
*'' Not long after midnight, Jailor Higbee, who was
3n the ante-room or office of the jail, hearing a brisk
linock at the door, went to it, asking, " Who's there?"
42d Ccwg. 1st Sess.—No.-42.
"A friend," was the reply, and as he slid back the
fastening bolt the door was shoved open, and imme-
diately a man rushed in, catching him by the throat,
followed byabout-a dozen others, lie struggled to
no purpose, for they overpowered him directly, and
putting him into the room adjoining stationed a
couple of men over him asaguard. All were masked
with red or white cloth masks, and armed with guns
and pistols. With the keys of the jail, which they
^took from Higbee, they unlocked Willis's cell door,
took him out, handcuffed him, and left tho jail with
their prisoner/" * * * # "'He found him-
self surrounded on all sides by masked and armed
men to the number of at least a hundred, bethinks,
for they seemed to be in every nook and corner
around him. Putting a rope over a beam,, with the
noose about his neck, they pulled it just taut enough
for him to feel it, and standing where he could see
the charred evidences of his incendiary attempt of
the night before, their spokesman in measured tones
charged him with the crime, informed him of the
indisputable evidence against him, and told him he
must confess the whole truth, and also reveal the
names of his accomplices. Willis had shown little
sign of fear, and hadprotested that he was innocent,
but now in the presence of summary death, with
which he was threatened, he weakened, and made a
clear breast of it."'
"A Vigilance Committee at TFor/ \
"Virginia, MarchU.
'* Shortly after midnightlasfcnight a vigilance com-
mittee got into the station-house, took out William
Willis, who was arrested for setting fire to Piper's
Opera-IIouse, and, putting a rope round his neck,
made him confess not only to his own crimes, but
also implicating others who have since been arrested.
"Jailor Higbee says he reas in tho office when
somebody knocked at the door. H'e asked, 'Who is
it?' The reply was, 'A friend.' lie then pushed back
the bolt, and as ho cautiously opened tho door a man
rushed in, seizing him by the throat, followed by
about a dozen others; the men all armed with guns
and pistols, and their faces were closely concealed
by masks of red or white cloth. Stationing two of
their number as guards over him, they went to the
cell where Willis was confined, took him out, hand-
cuffed him, and left the jail with their prisoner.
They were gone about /ialf an hour when they
brought Willis back, put him in his cell, and lelt
him there still handcuffed.
"Willis makes the following statement: that the
vigilance committee took him from the jail into the
rear part of Piper's Opera-IIouse basement, where
he thinks a very large number more must have been
waiting or joined them, for he saw masked and
armed men on all sides and in every corner to tho
number of a hundred or more. A lope was put
about his neck, the other end passed over a beam,
and, in view of the charred embers of his incendiary
attempt of the night before, he was made to confess
not only to his crime, butalso to others in that line
of which he has been guilty, and also designating
and implicating other well-known individuals as
connected with him.. Subsequently, in his cell, he
made tho same confession to Chief Downey.
" The result was the arrest ol CharlesMcWilliams
and Thomas Laswell, both of whom are now in jail.
Willis's confession and implication is substantially
as follows:
" lie (Willis) set fire to the opera-house the night
before last. He was assisted by Charles McWil-
liams. Relative to past fires and accomplices, ho
says: Arthur Perkins set the Athletic Hall on fire;
also that which destroyed the.lnvincible hose-house
on B street; also that under the sidewalk in front
of the Collins House, and that in the alley or stair-
way next to Flurshutz's confcctionery store, on C
street.
"Tom Laswell assisted Perkins at the sidewalk,
and McWilliams acted as watchman or otherwise
assisted Perkins at the Athletic Hall fire.
"McWilliams also set fire to the cabin burned
some months ago in the lower part of the city, near
the old provost guard station.
"Washoe Engine Company No. 4 proposes dis-
banding soon, and reorganizing again in order to get
rid of all obnoxious members, who are bringing this
company into disrepute.
" Theweatherto-day hasbeenblustery, with occa-
sional snow squalls. It is now clear and cold.
"The Gold Hill News of the 13th instant gives the
following account of the crime for which Willis was
arrested:
''4 About two o'clockthis morning the fire-bells at
Virginia sounded an alarm, caused by a most dar-
ing attempt to destroy Piper's Opera-House by fire.
None of the machines roiled far, however, as they
were fortunately not needed, as the fire was
promptly extinguished by Hugh Kelly and Charley
Fletcher, who discovered it.
" 4 The fire was deliberately set at the rear of tho
building, on B street, the villainous perpetrator
effecting an entrance through a back window. He
had a bottle of coal oil, which he distributed freely
upon some old lumber and fire-wood close to the
back door, and then, touching a match to it, he ran
away. Kelly and Fletcher happened to be passing
in the neighborhood, and seeing tho light reflected
upon the houses across the street from the theater
ran to the rescue just in time, extinguishing the
flames by the judicial application of a few buckets
of water. One minute more, and it would have been
toolate to save not only the Opera House, but all the
other buildings in that vicinity, for a most destruc-
tive conflagration would certainly have ensued."'
"Arrest of the Incendiary.
" 'About half an hour after the fire occurred Chief
Downey arrested a young man named William Wil-
lis on the corner of 0 and Union streets as the incen-
diary, and put him in the station-house.
"'The grounds for suspicion are these: evening be-
fore last Willis "sparred" his way into the Opera
House to seethe play, and being ordered out by Mr.
Piper, went, swearing that he would " get even "
on him for it. He was heard to say this by others
beside Mr. Piper. Subsequently, after the theater
was out, he was seen larking suspiciously about the
rear of the building, but made no attempt at that
time. Half an hour or so before the fire last night
Officer Potter and William Stout noticed him again
lurking around the theater in a suspicious manner,
and followed him for awhile, but he eluded them
or got out of their way. After the fire they consulted
Chief Downey, and tho result was the arrest of
Willis, as described. There was coal oil upon his
hands and the sleeves of his coat, and he had appa-
rently been sitting upon asrnail spot about a foot in
diameter of dry lime, which was on the edge of a low
platform, closc to where the fire was kindled, inside
of the door. Other circumstances point very strongly
to Willis as the incendinry. He is a young man, a
carpentcr by trade, and, like Arthur Perkins, (lately
arrested for murder,) a member of Washoe Engine
Company No. i.'"
Mr. STEWART. I rise to thank the Sen-
ator from Missouri for the illustration he has
given of his'argument and of the situation. I
have lived nearly twenty-one years on the
Pacific coast. There have been during that
time vigilance committees there. The object
of those vigilance committees in nearly every
instance, and I believe in every one, has been
to punish the most desperate offenders, the
most desperate murderers, and consequently
they have been to some extent sanctioned by
public opinion. In the whole administration
of vigilance committees that have arisen there
few things have been done that any good citi-
zen would say was very wrong during all that
period. I can say this much for them ; for in
no one instance during the whole of that time
did I give my countenance, directly or indi-
rectly, to any but the legitimate means of
administering the law and punishing crime. I
have during all that time opposed every viola-
tion of law in the way of vigilance committees.
1 was opposed to every one of them, and 1
have lived in a community where they have*
occurred ; but they have been on all occasions
for the purpose of punishing notorious and
flagrant offenders, as in this case ; men who
had burned the houses of innocent people, men
who had burned up women and children, men
who had evaded the authorities.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, suppose it had been the burning of
barns and the shooting of people who helped
to put the fire out ?
Mr. STEWART. I will talk about that in
a minute. I say these were men who had
eluded the law until the people found a justifi-
cation in their own consciences, a justification
which I never did consent to, but a justifica-
tion which most good people find an apology
for, as aiding to bring such criminals to justice,
though in an irregular way. In this case they
did not hang the man really, but frightened
him, and developed a plot which has been
turned over to the courts. But I say, suppose
they had hanged him 5 it would not have been
a case that would have shocked, I think, the
delicate sensibilities of my friend from Mis-
souri.
Mr. BLAIR. Let the gentleman speak for
himself.
Mr. STEWART. But I was going on to
say that upon the Pacific Coast there has been
110 organization, during all the rough times of
twenty-one years, that would presume, or that
ever did presume, to take life for political rea-
sons. No man has been hanged for teaching
school; no school-houses have been burned
by the mob; nothing of that kind has occurred
there; no man has been hanged for his polit-
ical opinions, and no woman either, and 110
houses of innocent and inoffending people vis-
ited at night. No organization of that kind
has existed ; and when it is attempted 
Mr, CASSERLY. I will ask my friend
whether he remembers the case at Downey-
ville of the hanging by a vigilance committee
of a Spanish woman, for no other offense than
