660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
in the new States and Territories and the peo-
ple have not become thoroughly demoralized
thereby, that is no reason why the murder of
innocent men, women, and children by these
Eu Klux is not such demoralization and such
crime as will bring swift and terrible retribu-
tion upon that people. Every man in this
nation is interested in this matter. Every man
in this nation is interested that no organization
of men shall violate the law, and especially
interested that they shall not violate the law
with the avowed purpose of accomplishing a
political end. When the weakest man in this
nation, when the poorest and the humblest
creature in this nation may lose his life with
the approbation of any considerable portion
of the people for political purposes, the found-
ations of your society are shaken, the stability
of your Government is at hazard.
There is no excuse for this organization.
There is no excuse for murdering and scourg-
ing innocent and harmless people. It will tear
down the fabric of your institutions. You
must protect innocence, or the God of justice
will tear down your boasted fabric of govern-
ment. The'violation of law, and particularly
the violation of law by inflicting punishment
upon the innocent, creates a disrespect for law
and government, a contempt for authority, a
demoralization that will destroy society.
The people of the South are more especially
interested in this matter than the people of
the North, and if my voice could be heard I
would appeal to them. It is true now that
these negroes are inoffensive and quiet; but
I have seen other inoffensive non-combatants
goaded to desperation. Persecute them suffi-
ciently, and you may make demons of them.
A great many people down there now laugh at
this idea; but there is such a thing as goading
these poor negroes till they will ultimately
seek revenge, and then this demoralization
and these miseries will be brought home to
the higher classes in the South.
These things cannot be kept in the sub-
stratum ; these oppressions and murders can-
not be confined to the lower strata; they will
come up to plague them all. They are virtually
interested in law and order; their property,
their lives, and their security depend upon it.
They cannot afford to tread upon these poor
people, although they are weak and defense-
less to day; and it is meet and proper that
this question should be agitated here; it is
proper, if our people do not know the facts,
that they should beinvestigatedanddevelopedj
and every man in the South and in the North
should be appealed to, and should know the
situation ; and the moral force and the moral
strength of every individual and every society
of good men should be brought to bear, and
the laws of the country also should be brought
to bear, for it is at the foundation of society
that these bad men are preying.
I do not want crime apologized for any-
where, especially in this high place. I do not
want it to get countenance here. The effect
of that is bad elsewhere. The moral effect of
speeches here apologizing for crime and dis-
order can hardly be overestimated. I remem-
ber well the effect in my own country that
grew out of broils in this Capitol. I remem-
ber well the bloQd that was shed in duels and
affrays in that country, patterning after hon-
orable Senators and members here. I remem-
ber we'll how the young there patterned after
those who led here. I can count hundreds
of graves of those who have fallen victims to
supposed honorable conduct, because it had
occurred here. I know full well in that wild
frontier country the moral effect 
Hr" ^r- President 
1 he VICli, PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will suspend.
Mr. STEWART. One sentence I know full
well 
I he-VTCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will suspend. The Chair understands
that the Senator from Massachusetts, who is
entitled to the floor, desires to resume the
floor.
Mr. WILSON. I yielded the floor for an
explanation, but we have spent an hour on
Nevada affairs, and now, perhaps, I might as
well let the Senatorfrom Nevada take the rest
of the evening.
Mr. STEWART. No; I am through.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to yield further
on the subject which has been discussedfor the
last hour, but if the Senator from Missouri or
any other Senator desires to discuss the bill
before the Senate, I will yield for that purpose;
but I think the Senator from Missouri ought
to be satisfied with the foray he has made here
this evening and the manner in which he has
drawn out apologies and defenses and explana-
tions.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I simply wanted to allay the
apprehension which seems to be felt by these
gentlemen ia regard to the colored people of
the South. I have in my hand a few short
paragraphs which I desire to read without any
comment.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I give way.
Mr. BLAIR. I read from a report of the
proceedings in the house of representatives of
Raleigh, North Carolina, after the adjournment
sine die of the Legislature. I read from the
Raleigh Daily Telegram of April 7 :
"An informal meeting of the members was then
convened by calling Air. Gregory to the chair.
" Mr. Harris, of Franklin, arose, and in a few well-
timed remarks paid a beautiful tribute to Speaker
Jarvis, and said he believed that every member had
labored for the good of the State.
" Mr. Durham, in very eloquent terms, alluded to
the harmonious feelings that had generally charac-
terized the session of the house.
" Mr. Dudley (colored) also made a few appropri-
ate remarks, saying we had met on the level and
trusted, in the name of God, that wo would part
upon the square.
" Mr. Tucker (colored) alluded to the kindness and
good feeling that had been exhibited to him and
others of his color by the Conservatives, and trusted
that the best blessings of Heaven would rest upon
all.
' Mr. Willis (colored) said he was proud of the
good feeling that had been exhibited by members
during this session; that whatever was good for
North Carolinians was good for him, for he had been
born and raised in the State."
Now, sir, while gentlemen here are so
stricken in grief for the fate of the colored man
in North Carolina, the colored men there, the
representatives of the colored people in the
Legislature of North Carolina, rise in their
places and speak of the harmony and good
feeling existing between themselves and their
brother-members and between the races
throughout the State. I merely wished to bring
this fact to the notice' of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I had desired
to address the Senate upon this question, and
I had prepared myself to do so ; but others on
whose advice I ought to rely have urged me
not to do it; but in violation of that advice,
I desire to make a brief statement of some
points in shis debate.
[Mr. Wilsox proceeded to discuss the con-
dition of affairs in the South and the remedy
therefor. His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. V1CKERS. Mr. President, it was my
purpose merely to record my vote against the
passage of this bill. The subject has been so
thoroughly discussed that I am sure I can add
nothing to its interest or enlighten Senators.
I desire to record my protest against the pas-
sage of this bill, first, because it is unconsti-
tutional and oppressive; secondly, because it
is unnecessary and inexpedient: and thirdly,
because its object is political, and not reform-
atory.
If I could find power in the Constitution
to pass this or any bill which would punish
crime I should not hesitate a moment to exer-
cise it; but if I cannot find it in the Constitu-
tion I cannot vote for any bill seeking to enter
the States and to punish offenses which are
exclusively within their jurisdiction.
As I understand, the authority for this bill
is professed to be derived from the fourteenth
amendment, which provides that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the Dnited States."
That is a reenactmeut., in different terms, in
reference to States of the first clause of the
second section of the fourth article, which
says:
" The citizens of eafth State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in tue ieveral
States."
These clauses are substantially the same.
What are the privileges and immunities of cit-
izens of the United States when they go into
another State? The word "rights" is not
used in either of these clauses, but the words
"privileges and immunities." They may be
considered as quasi rights, not the absolute
rights which pertain to citizens in other re-
spects, but they are certain privileges and
exemptions. They do not rise to the charac-
ter of rights in its fullest sense, but they are
generally so termed, and may be considered
as qualified rights.
Now, what had the framers of the Constitu-
tion in view when they spoke of these " im-
munities and privileges?" Because whatever
the sense of the framers was when they created
the original instrument was the sense of those
who adopted the fourteenth amendment, be-
cause they used the same terms. In order to
ascertain what those privilpges and immuni-
ties aje, I refer to Oooiey's Constitutional Lim-
itations, a western book, written by a judge, I
should think, ofoonsiderableeminer.ee; and he
refers to 4 Washington's Reports for his inter-
pretation of what these privileges and immuni-
ties are. He says:
"Although the precise meaning of 'priviiegesand
immunities' is not very definitely settled, it appeal-'
to be conceded that this provision secures in each
State to the citizens of all other States the right to
remove to and carry on business therein, to acquire
and hold property, to protect and defend the same in
the law, to the usual remedies for the collection of
debts, and the enforcement of other personal rights,
and the right to be exempt, in property and persoo,
irom taxes or burdens which the property or persons
of citizens of the same State are not subject to,"
Here is an enumeration of these privileges
and immunities. I do not say that this list
includes all; possibly in the adjudication of
cases which may hereafter arise something else
of a similar character may be brought to light;
but as far as decisions go, these are all the
privileges and immunities spoken of in the Con-
stitution. Are they the privileges and immun-
ities which this bill seeks to enforce? Is it a
violation of any of these privileges and immun-
ities which this bill is designed to punish ? Not
at all ; but a new set of rights and privileges
are insisted upon and sought to be enforced.
If therehad been any other rights and anv
other privileges which the Constitution makers
designed to protect tliey would have said so,
but they knew that any other risrhts and
privileges which the Coustituiion of t:ie Uni-
ted States was designed to protect Wi-re imoi.-
sistent with the constitutions of the States.
Why, sir, the protection of the rights of per-
son and of properly belonged to the Slates.
They were bound to defend the rights of per-
son and the rights of property. Life, liberty,
and property were secured by the State con-
stitutions, growing out of the nature of the
allegiance of the citizen to the State; and lei
me say that treason can be committed against
a State just as well as it can be against ihe
United States. It was this allegiance and th.s
relation which the citizen sustained to the
State that made it necessary and essential for
the State to protect him in his Hie, his liberty,
and his property; and it never was designed,
it never entered into the heads of the ('miners
of the Constitution, that these rights were to
be protected by the Constitution of the United
States.
