1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
"Answer. To put down robbery. They asked ine if
I did not want to belong to a society that would stop
this robbery and stealing. I told them I would if it
was carried out right.
"Question. "What robbery did they tell you they
would stop?
"Answer. Breaking open people's smoke-houses."
(Page 250.)
Jacob A- Long:
"Ku Kiux same as White Brotherhood, except
that rhe latter was not a political society, but some-
thins like a vigilance committee. If one' member
heard another was in danger, himself or his farnily
or his property being burned, &c., they were to in-
form each other and go to his assistance." (Page 258.)
Good Order.
Daniel R. Goodloe:
44 Residesin Warrenton,North Carolina. Nomore
steady-going, quiet people that I know of anywhere
in the world. There is as much security lor life there
as in Massachusetts." (Page 224.)
Josjali Turner, jr., (page 12, minority report:)
"Answer. In Wilson county, a negro who voted the
Democratic ticket was taken out of his house and
whipped; they gave him two or throe hundred lashes;
taken out by the Loyal League. They were indicted
and convicted, but pardoned by Governor Holden."
Same page:
44 Major Tultan, a carpet-bagger, issued an order to
bring a negro before the Leaguefor voting the Dem-
ocratic ticket. He was arrested by sundry negroes
and detained some time. Those who made the arrest
were convicted, but the soldiers liberated the major,
and he procured the release of the negroes."
Page 13:
44 I have understood that a colored man was pun-
ished fur voting for Manning, a Conservative mem-
ber of Congress."
Quiet and Order.
Hon. B. F. Moore, (page 30,) when asked if he knew
of any convictions ot Ku Kiux:
"Answer. I think there have been many convic-
tions and many unjust acquittals." Pages 31, 34, 35.
Jacob A. Long:
44 Question. Was it not understood generally that
the Loyal League was ax>olitical organization?
"Answer. Oil, yes, sir.
"Question. Did they not bring to bear this influ-
ence, and use intimidation to overawe the negroes
to prevent them from voting the Democratic or Con-
servative licket? Was not that the general belief?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they always kept a man at the
polls in every precinct, to report su«h negroes as
voted the Democratic ticket back to the League
again, that they might be punished for it.
" Question. Do you know oi any negroes who were
disposed to act with the Conservative white people,
but who were deterred by the influence of threats
and intimidation from this Loyal League?
"Answer. I have heard of several cases—I do not
know them to be facts of myown knowledge—where
negroes were so deterred, and ran away from the polls
after coming there to vote.
" Question. Have you ever had any conversation
with negroes in which they expressed themselves as
inclined to support the Conservative ticket and rep-
resented that they were deterred by these combina-
tions among the negroes ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; several negroes applied to me
to go with them to see that there was nobody inter-
rupted them on the way to the polls and back. Tlicy
said they were afraid. I went on several different
occasions that way.
" Question. You believe the colored voters were
generally combined in these Leagues?
"Answer. Almost universally. So strong at that
time was the feeling, that I remember an instance
of one colored man in the county of Wilson who was
whipped by two of the League negroes for voting the
Conservative ticket. They were tried for the offense,
convicted, and sentenced to three months'imprison-
ment by Judge Thomas, who was elected by the
Radical party, and they were pardoned by Governor
Ilolden. At whose solicitation they were pardoned
1 know not; there may have been very good reasons
for the pardon; I only state the fact. Nevertheless,
it went out as a public example, and had a very in-
jurious effect, in my opinion.
"Question. Did it have theeffect to lead the colored
xnen to think that acts of that kind might be perpe-
trated with impunity?
"Answer. I suppose so.
44 Question. Do not the very persons who justify or
seek to apologize for the outrages committed by the
KuKlux do so upon the ground that the enfranchise-
ment of the colored race was a wrong inflicted upon
the white people of North Carolina ?
"Answer. No, sir; the ground upon which they
base the action of what they call theKu Kiux is the
Liet that outrages wcrefirst committed by the colored
population,
" Question. Have you known any instance in which
the colored population have committed any wrong,
Tvhcix* there has been any difficulty in court in con-
victing them?
'Mwvitscr. Yes,sir; a famous instance occurredjust
before 1 left home, where ,-oiue eight or ton negroes
vrci o indict ed for having gone in a band and burned
several houses in the same neighborhood, in the
upper p.irt of Wake county. Two or three ot them
turned Stale's, witnesses; the others were tried, and
on trial for a week. The jury, a^ it was said and
Reported to me by the solicitor, was packed. After
a long trial, there was no conviction; and the soli-
citor, for the purpose of obtaining justice against
these burners, removed the trial of the others (for
there Were three or four indictments) to another
county.
" Question. Removed the trial from Wake county?
44 Answer. Yes,sir; that occurred during the month
of January last."
Judge Brooks, (page 27:)
44 Answer. I do not understand you when you say
4 the two political parties.' I have often expressed-
the opinion which I held, and which I now hold very
firmly, that the result of the last election in North
Carolina was not due to party. I think it was a
coming together of all the elements there opposed
to reckless extravagance and fraud in legislation,
for the purpose of putting it down."
E. M. Holt, an old gentleman of the highest char-
acter, says, (page 271:)
44 By Mr. Bayard :
44 Question. I will ask you whether the condition
as to general peace and good order in the county
where you reside is not now equal to that of any
other time which you recollect?
"Answer. I am sixty-four years old, gentlemen,
and I assert mostpositively that the peace and quiet-
ness of the county is as good now as it ever has been
during my whole recollection. #
44 Question. Do you consider that people, with-
out regard to their political views or their color, can
obtain justice for themselves in your courts and
be protected in ther rights?
"Answer. They can.
44 Question. You have no doubt-about that?
%i Answer. Nonoatall."
Josiah Turner, jr., (minority report, page 14:)
*4 Question. You spoke about their (the negroes)
voting the Radical ticket; do you not believe that
it is done mainly by the organization of those Leagues
(Loyal Leagues) which compel them to vote all in
one body?
" Answer. Well, that has a great deal to do with
it. The negroes are ignorant, too, and they have
been misled. Agreat many of them were influenced
to vote the Radical ticket at the outset by promises
of land (lorty acres) and a mule. They were all led
to expect that, and I believe the most of them be-
lieved they would get it. Then'they have been
intimidated by threats that the Conservative party
wished to reduce tbem to slavery again. That had
agreat deal to do with it."
E. M. Holt, who says he supported Governor
Holden in his first election, but against him in the
second election:
"Question. Do you know anything of the Union
League organization ? Is there such an organization
there?
"Answer. There is a secret League in the county
that has been existing ever since or soon after the
surrender.
4* Question. It is composed of whom ?
" Answer. Composed of negroes.
44 Question. Did you ever hear of any means taken
by those negroes to intimidate other negroes who
were disposed to vote the Conservative ticket?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. Such things have occurred in your own
county?
44 Answer. Oh, yes, sir. An old negro man who
formerly belonged to me told me that at the last
election another negro came by his house on the
morning of the election, and told him that if he did
not go and vote Kirk's men would bo sent out and
kill him, and after he was dead they would thrust
their bayonets through him; and I was a little
amused to find that the old fellow had more horror
at being bayoneted after his death than of the killing.
11 Question. Do you consider that the organization
leaves the negroes there really any freedom of action
at all?
44 Answer. No freedom of action."
Jacob A. Long, to a question propounded by the
committee:
"Answer. Yes, sir; and I remember the other day,
just before I left North Carolina, of an instance of
the colored population mobbing a colored man for
voting, or wishing to vote, the Conservative ticket;
they beat him terribly, I believe; I do not know
the particulars; at any rate they were sentenced to
the penitentiary and Governor Holden pardoned the
parties who perpetrated the outrage on him.
"Question. Did that create a sense of insecurity for
other colored men who might desire to vote that way?
"Answer. That would necessarily be the effect; but
I do not know how far they knew the fact, or how
far it had that effect."
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President-
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow
me a moment ?
Mr. BLAIR: Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I wish to do to-night
with the consent of my friend from Missouri
is to give notice that I intend to-morrow to
offer an amendment to this bill, and I send it
up to the Clerk to he read, merely for the pur-
pose of having it go into the Globe in the morn-
ing, so that Senators may have it before them
exactly as I propose to offer it. I think that
most of the time to-morrow before one o?clock,
or a considerable portion of it, will be allotted
to the minority, and I am willing that it should
be so, but I should like to have, not to exceed
fifteen, perhaps not over ten minutes, to ex-
plain the origin and effect of this amendment,
I do not wish to do it now, because I desire to
call the attention of the Senate to it when it is
full. I now, with the consent of, the Senator
from Missouri, before he proceeds, ask that
this amendment be read, so that it may go into
the Globe in the morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
venture to suggest that it is somewhat doubt-
ful, perhaps, whether the proceedings of this
hour will be in to-morrow's Globe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment can be
printed, by order of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it had better be
read now, and I will take my chances of get-
ting the attention of the Senate to it to-mor-
row morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio is to insert
as an additional section:
Sec. —. That if any house, tenement/cabin, shop,
building, barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or
feloniously demolished, pulled down, burned, or
destroyed, wholly or in part, by any persons riot-
ously and tumultuously assembled together; or
if any person shall unlawfully and with force and
violence be whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed
by any persons riotously and tumultuously assem-
bled together; and if such offense was committed
to deprive any person of any right conferred upon
him by the Constitution and laws of the United
States, or to deter him or punish him for exercising
such right, or by reason of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, in every such case the
inhabitants of the county, city, or parish in which
any of the said offenses shall be committed shall be
liable to pay full compensation to the person or per-
sons damnified by such offense if living, or to his
widow or legal representative if dead; and such
compensation may be recovered by such person or
his representative by a suit in any court of the
United States of competent jurisdiction in the dis-
trict in which the offense was committed, to be in
the name of the person injured, or his legal repre-
sentative, and against said county, city, or parish.
And execution may be issued on a judgment ren-
dered in such suit and may be levied upon any prop-
erty, real or personal, of any person in said county,
city, or parish, and the said county, city, pr parish
may recover the full amount of such judgment, costs
and interest, from any person or persons engaged as
principal or accessory m such riot in an action in
any court of competent jurisdiction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be ordered to be printed and reserved until
the amendments of the Committee on the
Judiciary are disposed of.
Mr. BLAIR addressed the Senate. Having
spoken one hour, (at eleven o'clock and forty
minutes, p. m.) lie said :
Mr. President, the other day in some re-
marks that I made I alluded to the State of
Louisiana. I am very sorry that I have not
the advantage of having here to-night the Sen-
ator from that State, [Mr. West.] I dislike
to make my remarks in his absence; but it is
impossible for me to expect any other oppor-
tunity of replying to what he said, and I shall be
compelled to do it now, I presume, unless I
can obtain from our friends here some little
indulgence by letting us adjourn over and giv-
ing us an extension of time to-morrow, so that
I may not interfere with other gentlemen. I
think an extension of the time for an hour and
a half to-morrow would not be such a great
calamity that Senators could not consent to it.
I will say that the remarks I have to make to-
morrow will probably not extend over an hour :
but I do not wish to make them in the absence
of gentlemen to whose remarks they are^ mostly
responses, and I would have been indisposed
to-night to say what I have said in regard to
the State of North Carolina except for the
fact that the Senator from that State was here.
I think, under the circumstances, that I might
appeal with some hope of success to the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Coxkling.]
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Sen-
ator appeals to ine by name, I wish first tc
remind him that we are here in the absence
of almost everybody I might say, speaking
of the number requisite to make a quorum of
the Senate. Therefore it would be rather
