664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
awkward for us to relax an agreement made
by unanimous consent and substitute another
for it.
Perhaps that would be enough; but I may
say further, without impropriety, that having
sat here for about six weets now as a silent and
patient and instructive listener of the debates
without occupying any time at all myself, I
hope I shall not be considered unreasonable
if I give expression to a wish that some lime
or other this discussion may come to an end
and take effect in some practical result.
Therefore, as I said to-day, not anticipating
sueh a request from the honorable Senator
from Missouri, or from any other particular
member of the body, that I would object
whenever' a single objection could prevail to
any extension of this debate beyond one o'clock
to morrow. I am sure the honorable Senator
will know that I intend no discourtesy to him
individually, and no unfriendliness, when I
repeat again that I shall so object.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Pool] has been taking notes ; he may want
to reply. The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
West,] to whom reference is made, and who
is absent, if remarks are to be addressed to
him, will probably want to reply, and the re-
sult of it will be, in the language of the French
proverb, "It will be but the first step that costs,"
and if we release this agreement for an hour
we release it for we know not how long. There-
fore, in all kindness to the honorable Senator,
I say that if my objection can prevail, the
agreement which at last we have reached will
remain the agreement of the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I feel indebted to the Senator.
I understand his motives very well, and of
course I know they are not unkind or personal
to myself. I shall therefore continue my re-
marks. I think, however, he can take no very
great credit to himself for being here at this
stage of the debate, for as he and his party
get all the fruits, carry all the measures, they
ought to be content with that.
[Mr. Blair continued and concluded his
speech. It will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President 
Mr. POOL. I should like to say a few
words if the Senator will allow me to do so.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to observe that
there seemed to be an understanding some
time ago that two more speeches would be
made on this question, one by the Senator
from California [Mr. Casserly] and one by
myself, and there was an understanding be-
tween us two that I should have the floor first
to-morrow morning and that he should follow.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is quite agreeable
to me.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understand now that the
Senator from North Carolina wishes to make
some remarks in response to my colleague,
and I yield to him with that understanding.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] has referred to a
statement^ of R. C. Badger. Mr. Badger is
mistaken in most of the points referred to in
his testimony by the Senator from Missouri.
There were the statements of two other wit-
nesses taken at the same time, and I presume
the Senator from Missouri was not aware of
the fact, or else he would not have done me
the injustice of suppressing the truth, for both
of those witnesses put a different face upon
the whole affair. I say, sir, upon that point
that I never advised or heard any one advise
the arrest of a single individual in North Caro-
lina by name; nor did I ever know, until
after I heard of the arrests being made, that
any particular inan was thought ofasa person
proper tobe arrested. I will state that I never
advised violence of any sort toward any man,
and that I never advised or heard of a resort
to military tribunals for trial until long
afterward.
The Senator from Missouri owes to the Ivu
Klux of the South the efforts which he has
made during this discussion. In 1868 the Sen-
ator wrote what was known as the Brodhead
letter, in which he advises the dispersing of the
governments of the South by force, and allow-
ing the " white people" to form their own gov-
ernments. Upon that letter theKu Klux organ-
ization was based. They are the Senator's
friends ; they are operating in his behalf now
with a hope of elevating him to a position
where in the next Congress he can occupy
your chair, sir. They are therefore entitled to
the efforts which he has made here.
I could not expect less of the Senator from
Missouri than I have received. I understood
him to say, in the first speech which he made
after he became a member of this body, that
those Senators who voted for the reconstruction
measures of Congress knew that they were un-
constitutional when they voted for them. That,
if I am not mistaken, was the charge the Sen-
ator made."
Mr. BLAIR. That was my opinion, and
that is what Thad. Stevens said, too.
Mr. POOL. Then the Senator charges two
thirds of this body with being guilty of per-
jury 
Mr. BLAIR. I did not charge them with
that.
Mr. POOL. When he says they swore to
support the Constitution of the United States
and knowingly violated it; if that be not the
charge I do not know how the charge could
be made.
Mr. BLAIR. You can make it argument-
atively; but I did not make it in any unpar-
liamentary sense.
Mr. POOL. Then the Senator is in the
habit of using language so loosely that I could
expect little better than the use of language
in the same style with regard to North Caro-
lina affairs and to myself.
But, sir, I have been surprised to find the
Senator the recipient of letters and informa-
tion from any sources that choose to obtrude
their slanders upon this Senate. I have been
still more surprised that the Senator should
so far forget the decorum and propriety of a i
legislative body as to allow himself to be made
the medium through which they could sift their
slanders over the Senate Chamber.
But, sir, I can say to the Senator that if I
would allow myself to play his part I might
tell him of some things that were said by these
very men whom he is now defending, in the
State of North Carolina, in regard to himself,
just after the war closed. Tne Senator was in
command of a division of the United States
troops that passed through my State and the
adjoining State, and the depredations commit-
ted by that command have been a word of re-
proach with North Carolinians from that time
to this. If I could suffer myself to follow the
Senator I might tell him it was charged that
he occupied an elegant mansion from which
the owners had been driven, in the town of
Cheraw, in South Carolina, with cellars stocked
with wines, which were disturbed, and the orna-
ments in the parlors carried away, and that he
afterward boasted that he dispensed the hos-
pitalities of the mansion in a style that would
have put to blush the highest of southern
chivalry.
I know, sir, that all men are liable to be
slandered, and the Senator may see what
could be said of himself if such a course could
be pursued with propriety on this floor as that
which he has pursued.
I might further ask if he knew that his com-
mand outraged the venerable Episcopal bishop
of North Carolina by robbing him and strip-
ping him. It was charged upon the Senator's
command.
I might tell the Senator what was said with
regard to the silver plate displayed upon the
table and in the house of a certain gentleman
in the city of Raleigh, a story which was rife
upon the streets to the Senator's disparage-
ment about that time. I might more partic-
ularly tell him in regard to a certain gentleman
by the name of O. G. Parsley, whose fine
horses were taken from his stables. And I
might perhaps do the Senator a kindness if I
should ask him whether he did not receive in
the city of Washington from Mr. Parsley a
letter asking him to return the horses which
were then found in his possession. Perhaps
the Senator might answer if he chose.
Mr. BLAIR. I received no such letter, sir.
Mr. POOL. Mr. Parsley has published that
he wrote such a one, and that the horses were
found in this city to the Senator's carriage;
but Mr. Parsley may not tell the truth. I did
not follow the Senator's example in suffering
those things to be sent me, as everybody seems
to send information of a slanderous character
to him ; nor did I purpose to allow myself to
be made the sieve through which such filth
should be sifted over the Senate Chamber.
Mr. President, I dislike to engage in these
personal attacks or in these personal vindica-
tions. The floor of the American Senate is
not the place for such things. 1 am not a very
old Senator in this body, but it seems to me
that the decorum and propriety of the place
should have admonished the Senator that his
conduct was not such as it ought to have been,
in reading letters from anonymous persons
and suffering his associates upon this floor to
be attacked by irresponsible parties, himself
the medium through which the attacks are
made.
Mr. BLAIR. What letter did I read that
was anonymous attacking anybody on this
floor?
Mr. POOL. If I used the word "anony-
mous," I take it back ; I mean parties whose
character has not been substantiated before
this body.
Mr. BLAIR. From whom did I read such
a letter?
Mr. POOL. The Senator read from a Cin-
cinnati paper. I think that -was anonymous
' too.
Mr. BLAIR. That letter was from a Re-
publican newspaper, and was avouched by Mr.
Biggs, of Delaware.
Mr.POOL. WhoisMr.Biggs, ofDelaware?
Mr. BLAIR. A member of the other House.
Mr. POOL. Mr. Biggs, of Delaware, did
not say that that letter was written by any par-
ticular individual, or that it contained the truth.
Mr. BLAIR. He said it was written by the
correspondent of the paper.
Mr. POOL. Ah! But that correspondent's
name is unknown, and therefore it is anony-
mous.
Mr. President, the Senator says that if this
investigation shall go on, he thinks it will re-
dound greatly to the interest of his party and
to the perfect discomfiture of the Radical party
by making truthful many of the charges that
he has made. If the Senator is so confident
of that, I should like to know why he desires
the investigation to be discontinued. If he
does not fear that his friends will be still fur-
ther exposed, why is he not in favor of letting
the investigation go ou 1 I understand the
Senator to be opposed to proceeding with it.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is mistaken. I
did not vote for the comtniitfe of investiga-
tion, because I believed that this Government
had no right to go into this investigation and
that it had no right to invade the States for
this purpose ; bat since it is voted, 1 am free
to say that I am very glad of it.
Mr. POOL. Did not the Senator say, since
the investigation progressed to a very consid-
erable extent, that he hoped it would he con-
tinued no further?
Mr. BLAIR. I did not.
Mr. POOL. I understood the Senator to
say so, but he denies it now.
Mr. BLAIR. I never said so? whether you
understood it or not.
Mr. POOL. Well, Mr. President, I think
the Senator did say so. Let us see whether
he did or not. The Senator says he did not.
I have the minority report before me, and on
the first page the resolution of the Senate is
