1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
referred to and given in full raising this invest-
igating committee. On page 3 of the minority
report I find the following language:
"The experiment propo.se'i by the resolution has
thus far been made upon a single State of the
Union—North Carolina; shall it be continued, as to
her and the other States? We hope not."
That is signed by the Senator from Mis-
souri. Does the Senator now say that he did
not say it?
Mr. BLAIR. I did not write that part of
the report, and that may have escaped me at
the time. My colleague on the committee is
here. I understood we were dissenting from
the policy of entering upon this investigation
by the Government of the United States.
That expression may have escaped me at
the time.
Mr. POOL. Did the Senator not read that
report ?
Mr. BLAIR. I did; but I have given the
Senator the explanation.
Mr. POOL. Well, sir, it may have escaped
the Senator, but I understood the Senator to
have said it because he signed the report; but
when I stated a moment ago that he had said
it he got up and said that he did not. Now
he explains that it was an oversight. So he
takes it all back, and I have no further remarks
to make upon the continuation of the investi-
gation.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from North Caro-
lina, in his remarks, has spoken of the course
that I have chosen to take in this debate, in
reading papers which I have read here show-
ing what his course has been in reference to
these matters, and he says that I have been
the receptacle of all sorts of anonymous let-
ters, &c., imputing matters to him and other
members on this floor, and he asks the ques-
tion whether this is decorous. Most of that
which I have read which touches him was an
official report of evidence taken in Raleigh
before the Legislature of his own State, and
also the written letter of Mr. Goodloe, fur-
nishing extracts from public documents said
to have been written by him and which he
acknowledges himself that he inspired to a
certain extent.
I gave him the opportunity in both of those
instances; in the first place, of making his
denial. I did not assert the truth of those
documents. He himself admittedthe fact and
gave his own explanations. I did it from a
sense of public duty, as bearing upon the ques-
tions pending before the Senate and the coun-
try, as important to elucidate the condition of
the people of the South and that which had
originated the troubles that we are now invest-
igating. It was legitimate and proper that it
should be done, as he was an actor in those
scenes himself, and a very conspicuous one
according to all these reports. It occurred to
me, and I think it will occur to the country at
large, that he was greatly responsible for the
condition of affairs in his own State, greatly
responsible, according to my judgment, and I
wished that he should bear that responsibility
before the country, inasmuch as he is here
seeking legislation at the hands of this Con-
gress to entail on his own people the respons-
ibility for that which I consider this proof
shows to be his fault more than that of any
other man in the State.
Now, sir, he resorts, in regard to me, to the
same sort of innuendo, a specimen of which is
furnished in the legislative address, which he
says did not recommend the burning of houses
by the negvoes, but only warned the whites
that their houses would be burned; and he
savs that he could suggest to the gentleman,
if he chose, what he had heard this man and
the other man say about the march of my
troops through North Carolina.
Mr. POOL. If the Senator will allow me,
it was to show him how it was possible that in
such manner a good man might be slandered.
Mr. BLAIR. It is very possible for a good
man to be slandered, and I am vindicating
myself, not that I claim to be a very good man,
but in the respects of which the gentleman
speaks 1 was slandered and willfully slan-
dered, and by himself. There is no truth in
any statement that be has made.
Mr. POOL. Does the Senator say that I
made a statement which was not true when I
remarked that such things had been said of
the Senator in the State of North Carolina?
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, they may have been
said of me, but what was said was not true.
Mr. POOL. I did not assert it, nor did I
say that I believed it.
Mr. BLAIR. Then the Senator should not
have asserted it.
Mr. POOL. I did not assert that it was
true. I told the Senator that those things had
been said of him, and that if I were disposed
to follow his example I might have retorted
upon him and brought him to answer those
charges.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator will not be able
to bring me to answer those charges unless he
makes them in a responsible way, and when
he does he will find that I will answer them
very quickly.
Mr. POOL. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question further. I wish to know of the
Senator from Missouri whether he was aware
that two other witnesses were examined at the
same time with Mr. Badger, from whose testi-
mony he read ?
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir ; I was not aware of
it, and I told the Senator I would print the
whole report which was forwarded to me with
the certificate of the proper officer.
Mr. POOL. The Senator was not aware
that these other two witnesses were examined?
Mr. BLAIR. This report was sent to me
in writing on the examination of this witness.
The whole of it is here.
Mr. POOL. I am glad the Senator did not
know that the other two witnesses were ex-
amined at the same time.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from North
Carolina has made some comments upon the
views of the minority submitted to the Senate
in regard to their willingness or unwillingness
to have further investigation in respect of the
affairs in the southern States. He lias chosen
to tear from its context one line in order to
give the idea to the Senate and the country—
I presume it could have no other view—that
we were unwilling for the truth to appear in
regard to the affairs of those States, and
dreaded an investigation. I ask that the Clerk
may read the portions I have marked to show
what really was said by the minority of that
committee, and what they intended the mean-
ing of the sentence.
Mr. POOL. On what page is that?
Th*) Chief Clerk. Page 2, at the bottom
of the page.
" The reserved rights, under the tenth article of
amendments to the Federal Constitution, of Pennsyl-
vania, Massachusetts. Ohio, or Sew York, are in no
degree more secure than those of North Carolina;
and it may well be asked whether the States named,
as well as others, are prepared to submit themselves
to such investigations and the proposed action
toward them and their citizens as is now indicated
toward the State of North Carolina.
"The undersigned earnestly protest against the
exercise or admission of any such power as unwar-
ranted by the Constitution, and utterly subversive
of our Federal system of State governments. The
result of the admission of such powers as are sug-
gested by the resolution would be the total destruc-
tion of the autonomy of State governments and
deprive the people of all those powers of local self-
government that lie at the very base of our system
and tend to train and fit our citizens for the exercise
of those functions which have developed tho vigor
and self-reliance of the American people.
"There can no longer be urged the ploa of mil-
itary necessity.' The flag of tho nation floats in
placid security in every part of the Union, and there
is no pretense of opposition in any quarter to the
peaceable operation of the civil authority. The
experiment proposed by the resolution thus far
been made upon a single State of theLnion, r,orth
Carolina; shall it be continued as to her and the
other States? We hope not.and now earnestly urge
upon tho Senate the duty and necessity of obedience
to constitutional limitations upon its power ana for-
bearance from any further intrenehment upon the
rights of that State and her people, or any other
member of our FederalUnion. The door once opened
for acts like this, and how shall it be closed?
"' 'T will be recorded for a precedent;
And many an error, by the same example.
Will rush into the State.'
"But, considering the case as proposed, we find
the State of North Carolina uncovered to these gen-
eral, indefinite attacks upon her fidelity to the Union
and its laws, and her ability and disposition to pro-
tect life and property in her society. These charges
take no shape, and are sent broadcast against her
people. There is no process of law, no information
presented, but an opportunity simply given for any
one to come forward apd assail the State and her
people in any mode, by any character of testimony,
and upon any point, without notification, that pre-
judice or animosity can suggest."
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, it became
my duty about a year ago, in the discussions
which arose in the Senate upon the admission
of Georgia and the bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment, to give expression to my senti-
ments in reference to the lawlessness and vio-
lence which had pervaded the South, and par-
ticularly in the State of Alabama. I felt at that
time that the Senate had not been sufficiently
impressed with the detail of outrages and mur-
ders which were incorporated and related in
tho speeches alluded to, and that the address
made by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Mortou] upon the same subject was
looked upon with considerable allowance, if
not condemned generally, as comprising mag-
nified statements.
The then Governor of Alabama, professing
to be a Republican, took issue with me upon
the subject of these outrages, and in public
speeches and printed addresses denounced me
by name, for having, as he asserted, " libeled
the good people of our State." My late col-
league, also a Republican, defended upon the
floor of the Senate, the element which had fos-
tered and encouraged the commission of these
outrages, and insisted at that time that this
element had given "substantial evidence of a
change of sentiment."
I asserted in my speech upon the admission
of Georgia that the history and facts were re-
pugnant to the theories advanced by my late
colleague, and in this I have been fully borne
out and vindicated. It was my opinion then,
as it is to-day, that it is the duty of Congress
to provide laws to enforce and preserve peace
and order, to the end that all citizens may
exercise tbeir political privileges without mo-
lestation. It is a duty which the Government
owes the people, to protect its citizens at homo
and abroad; and when it is evident the State
authorities are either incapable of or disin-
clined to repress lawlessness and violence,
whether the same arises in the ordinary inci-
dent of crime, or from a morbid and degraded
political sentiment, whether it is produced
from a banded and organized opposition to
the laws governing person and property, or
originates in the bitterness following unsuc-
cessful revolution, in which the downfall of
the peculiar institution of slavery was secured,
the strong arm of the Federal Government
should be interposed as the stern vindicator
of the law, and as the only recourse.
If (as is earnestly claimed by the Opposition
party) there are no such acts of violence com-
mitted as have been reported to Congress, and
that there is no such political organization as
the Ku Klux Iilan, that it is a myth, and hence
no danger exists to life and property from their
acts, then the law, if passed, will remain a
dead letter, injuring nobody, and having noth-
ing to operate upon. In such a view of the
case I cannot understand why the bill has
been so persistently and vigorously denounced.
Laws are not generally made to cover special
cases, but are enacted to provide for reason-
able contingencies that may arise. _ The bene-
fit to be derived from such laws is that_ they
operate to deter the evil-doer; and it is an
acknowledged maxim that punishment is not
instituted in the furtherance of vengeauce, but
" that others may see and be afraid."
If the enactment of this law will put a stop
to the commission of crime, then it will nave
