668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14t
hand in printing the most valuable documents
sent out among the people. The mechanical
reports are three years behindhand.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight was the last.
Mr. McNEELY. Now here it is proposed
to send to the printers this report to be printed,
to take the place and stand before the printing
of those valuable books that ought to be printed
speedily.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman allow
me one word ?
Mr. McNEELY. Certainly.
Mr. BEATTY. I simpiy desire to say that
i ho report is in type now and has already been
printed.
Mr. McNEELY. The agricultural reports
are in type, too, but we have not got in the
document-room all we are entitled to yet.
I repeat what I said awhile ago, that it is not
right to consider this as a question between the
Republican and Democratic parties unless a
question of economy is a political question.
But, sir, we ought to reflect that the informa-
tion which we propose to give to the country
by the publication of this report will all be in
the census report, which you have already
ordered to be printed. Every portion of this
report that is of any account whatever has
been ordered to be printed.
So far as the State of Delaware is concerned,
I have only this to say: that the Senate saw fit,
after a lengthy discussion, to order certain
portions of the report relating to that State to
be expunged. I will not go into that discus-
sion. The committee of the House to whom
this matter was referred saw fit to adopt the
suggestion of the Senate, and has recommended
that those portions of the report bo stricken
out and expunged. I will not discuss the
reasons why that was done, nor has the gen-
tleman a right to say that it is because the
report represented a bad state of educational
affairs in that State; for if it did so represent,
and if it was true, the Senate and the commit-
tee of this House have not discharged their
duty when they recommend that that portion
of the report be expunged. I yield now for a
few minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. \\ OOD. I desire to say but a few
words. I have no prejudice against this Com-
missioner of Education nor against his report;
l),it 1 do think that this is an opportune occa-
sion for the House to pause and consider
whether this matter of printing documents has
not been very much abused, whether we are
not in the habit of voting the printing of docu-
ments to an extraordinary and unnecessary
extent, thereby causing the expenditure of
hundreds ot thousands of dollars every year for
documents which are never used, which are
never read, and which are entirely worthless
and altogether unnecessary.
In reference to the immediate question be-
fore the House, the proposition is to print a
book which is to be used simpiy as an adver-
tising agency, to put before the people of the
UmtedjjcStates, in an official form, essays, lec-
tures, speculations, and matters which have
been gathered from the newspapers and really
have no other value and no other authority.
Now, I submit whether in view of these cir-
cumstances we should print the extraordinary
number of this large document which this res-
olution proposes. I think it is safe to follow
the action of the Senate m this matter, and at
least curtail that part of the report which the
Senate desires shall not be printed.
Mr. McNEELY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Delaware.
Mr. BIGGS. I was absent this morning
when the remarks were made in reference to
my State by my friend on my right, [Mr.
Townsbxd, of Pennsylvania.] That portion
of this report to which be referred was stricken
out at the instance of Senator Bayard from my
State, and I will undertake to say was justly
stricken out. The State of Delaware has as
good a free-school system as any State in the
Union. It has a college endowed and located
in the county of New Castle, which the report
omitfed to mention ; also one at Wyoming;
also a classical school at the town of Felton
and other places in the State. The entire State
is districted, each district containing four tmles
square, and in the center of each district as
near as practicable a school-house is located,
and the people tax themselves every year for
the purpose of providing means to educate
their children. The report, Mr. Speaker, in
reference to my State, is unfair and unjust,
and by no means correct.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. In
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Delaware, [Mr. Biggs,] I will say that the
portion of the report which was in the Senate
ordered to be stricken out was foundedupon a
circular issued and signed by forty-two mem-
bers of the State Normal and Polytechnic
University in the State of Delaware, who made
a report on the condition of education in that
State.
Mr. BIGGS. Allow me to say that that
State Normal School was altogether, I believe,
carried on in the interest of private individuals.
Mr. McNEELY. Unless some one else
desires to be heard
Mr. HOAR. I would like an opportunity to
say a few words.
Mr. McNEELY. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman for ten minutes.
Mr. HOAR. If I can have the attention of
the House for a very few minutes I think I
can enable them to understand the whole of
this matter so far as the facts are concerned.
At the last session of Congress the House
passed a resolution for the printing of twenty
thousand copies of this report. That resolu-
tion failed in the Senate, not reaching a vote
there by the end of the session. At the present
session the Senate has passed this resolution
for the printing of twenty thousand copies of
this report, ten thousand for the use of the
House, five thousand for the use of the Sen-
ate, and five thousand for the use of the Com-
missioner of Education. The report costs
about forty cents a copy, so that the cost of
the entire number would be less than $10,000;
about eight thousand dollars.
The Senate ordered that certain pages of
this report—the gentleman from Delaware
[Mr. Biggs] will correct me if I make any
mistake—relating to the State of Delaware
be omitted, a Senator from that State declar-
ing that the information therein contained as
to his State was erroneous. The Commis-
sioner of Education wrote to the secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, asking for the
educational statistics of his State, and received
in reply that they were unable to furnish him
with the information he asked. He then pub-
lished the information contained in a circular
signed by the board of trustees of an institu-
tion entitled the State Normal School, I think,
or some similar title; that is not important.
That board of trustees contained among its
number, as I am informed, the attorney gen-
eral of the State of Delaware, a Democrat;
the president of the city council of Wilming-
ton, also a Democrat; the president or presi-
dents of one or two national banks, also Demo-
crats; a gentleman by the name of Dupont, of
very high character and standing, as I am
informed, in that State, also a Democrat; and
also several prominent Republicans. Now,
if the Commissioner of Education was misled
in the information which he derived from that
circular, these gentlemen misled him — not
designedly, of course. I state this to show
that the Commissioner of Education had what
any person would deem proper and sufficient
authority for the statements he made.
Mr. BIGGS. Why did the Commissioner
of Education omit one of the principal institu-
tions of a classical character in our State?
Mr. HOAR. I suppose it was because the
information he received did not furnish him
the name of that institution.
Mr. BIGGS. Why, sir, he lives within twelve
miles of the institution; and does he not know
that the State of Delaware has nearly half a
million dollars invested for the purposes of
education? *
Mr. HOAR. The pages stricken out con-
tain the statement of educational matters in
Delaware, founded upon information furnished
by Delaware men of the standing I have indi-
cated.
Mr. BIGGS. The statement was made by
the Commissioner himself, who. I believe, is a
New England man, who came into our State
to promote and advance his own interests.
A Member. He is a Tennessee man.
Mr. BIGGS. Sir, we in Delaware are per-
fectly competent to take charge of the educa-
tion of our own children, and have no desire
for this House or anybody else to interfere
with our local affairs, whether they come from
Tennessee or elsewhere.
Mr. HOAR. The x'esolution, as amended
by the Committee on Printing, reduces the
number to be printed from twenty thousand
copies to five thousand. If this amendment
be adopted, I suppose, of course, that mem-
bers of the House will have no copies to dis-
tribute among their constituents. Now, it is
within the knowledge of a great many mem-
bers on this floor that there is a great demand
all over the country forthis publication. There
is a large demand from the South, where new
schools are being instituted ; there is a large
demand from the North, where the people are
interested in all matters connected with edu-
cation.
There is one other consideration I desire to
submit. I ask the chairman of the Committee
on Printing to bear in mind that if we adopt
this amendment to the Senate resolution it
will substantially defeat the proposition for
this year. Any amendment which we may
make to the Senate resolution must carry it
back to that body, and, under the rule which
it is well known they have adopted, this reso-
lution cannot come up again for action ; hence
it would fail altogether for this session. I do
not suppose that such is the intention of the
Committee on Printing, but if the amendment
reported by that committee be adopted this
resolution must fail.
There is one other remark which I desire to
make to my friend from Illinois [Mr. Mc-
Neely] and gentlemen upon the other side of
the House. This resolution was passed in the
Senate by an agreement in which the Demo-
cratic and Republican Senators concurred.
They agreed that if the matter specified was
struck from the report twenty thousand copies
should be printed, and the resolution in that
form was adopted unanimously. Now, although
my friend on the other side thinks that the re-
port ought not to be printed at all, yet I sub-
mit to him whether, if it be printed, it ought
not to be printed for the use of the House, like
other documents. The gentleman says that
this stands in the way of other and more im-
portant printing. Sir, this report is all stereo-
typed, and it can be got out of the way in a
very few days. It. has now only to be struck oft'.
I submit to the Republicans of this House
whether they propose to deny the instrument-
alities of education to the people whom thev
have enfranchised. All over the South there
has been awakened a great interest in educa-
tion, and from that region there are numerous
demands for information bearing upon the
subject, and a demand eapecially for this par-
ticular document. The difference between the
cost of printing five thousand copies and the
cost of printing twenty thousand is but a
twopenny matter. And upon such atriflmgeon-
sideration are you going to deny information
of this kind to those who are asking for it 'I
Every person who is an authority on matters
