670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Now, sir, in the State-of Minnesota we have
adopted a law that was first passed iu the
State of Maryland, and we regard it as the
veiy best law upon our school-statute books.
It originated in Maryland, it was adopted in
California, and we adopted it in our State.
Now, what has been said in one State that is
valuable upon the matter of education ought
to be known in all the other States of the
Union, and it is a false notion that what has
been said in one State may not be of value in
another State. For eight years I have served
as a State superintendent of education, and
until my resignation last summer I was State
superintendent in Minnesota. Ireceived more
letters from the southern States, from school
officers and from members of the State Legis-
latures there, than from all the other States of
the Uniou, asking for our reports, and asking
for the reports of Wisconsin and Illinois, that
they might know what had been done in those
States in the matter of education.
Now, something has been said by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. McNeelt] to the
effect that some of the matter of this report
is ten years old. Sir, no matter whether it is
ten years old or five years old. Some things on
the subject of education were said twenty years
ago that never will be improved upon in the
next fifty years, the best things that the human
nnnd can ever conceive of in the line of edu-
cation ; and I would remind the gentleman
that the Commissioner of Education is com-
pelled to give essays upon the science of
teaching. Now, in some of the States we
haye had normal schools. Ought not the
results of this normal school system that they
now have in Massachusetts, in New York,
and in other States, be known everywhere
through the length and breadth of the land?
I say the demand from the South to- day for this
very information is louder than from any other
section of the country, and in my judgment it
would be very poor policy to refuse the small
pittance that is called for for the distribution
of these substantial facts upon the matter of
public education.
There is no member in this House who will
say that public schools are not a blessing to
America. We want them everywhere. No
party can afford to strike at the cause of educa-
tion. This is a document of statistics import-
ant to every part of this country. I have had
a hundred letters from my district asking for
copies of this report, and but one single copy
have I secured. There is not a copy of the
report to-day in the State of Minnesota, which
I have the honor in part to represent. There
is not one copy of the report in the large
State of Illinois.
The gentleman says that this report contains
-an extract from the Illinois report. I am glad
of it. If there is a State that has reason to be
proud it is the State of Illinois, and what she
says on the subject of education ought to be
spread broadcast through the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. McNEELY. I will yield a portion of
my time to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I wanted to get an oppor-
tunity of moving the previous question.
Mr. McNEELY. I am going to do that as
soon as my hour is out.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say while I am up
that I really regret the opposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois to the printing of this
small number of copies of this book. The
gentleman and myself and all of us vote with
a great deal of zeal for the printing of large
numbers of the agricultural report, which con-
tains information valuable to the farmer. Here
is a book of general information, valuable not
only to the farmer but to all other classes, and
of great value to the farmer, and lam sur-
prised at the interest it has awakened in the
country, judging from my own district and
from what I see in other districts. It is most
gratifying to me, beyond any idea I ever had
in my anticipations of the good effects of this
bureau upon the country, and I hope my friend
will see his way, after having made his remarks,
to withdraw his opposition to this resolution.
I understand that this report has been re-
printed in England and in France, as valuable
information in reference to this country. They
see the value of this information which has
been furnished in it; they regard it of such
value in relation to this new, great, and mar-
velous country, marvelous in -every view and
in every aspect, that they reprint it for the
benefit of their people; and yet we are asked
to withhold it from general circulation among
our people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Pour fifths of this
book was published years ago.
Mr. DAWES. My friend is always three or
four years in advance of every one of us, and
it may be that he saw it before the rest'of us
did ; that is all.
Mr. McNEELY. I have given to the
other side as much of my time as I could spare,
in order that they might give expression to
their views, and I have but a miuute or two
left.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] last up says, I think, that we print
the agricultural report containing valuable in-
formation for the people. Let me say in
answer to that suggestion that the agricultural
report is the only book in the country con-
taining that information. But the part of this
report which I propose to have stricken out,
the appendix to the report, has already been
printed in all the States. The report made by
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Bun-
nell] as superintendent of education of his
State is contained in that appendix. I think
that report is a very good one, and I dislike
to oppose the publication of any matter that
is so interesting; but it has already been print-
ed and published in the States, and it is not
necessary for us to print it again.
I hope the House will strike out all but the
report proper, and have this report printed
just as we print all other reports; strike out
the five hundred pages made up of essays,
twenty pages of which are embraced in ."a
bird's-eye view of the United States as seen
from a balloon," as the writer designates the
essay, and various other matters of that sort,
the reports of meetings of the Young Men's
Christian Associations, and school-teachers'
conventions in various corners of the country,
and which have all been printed in the news-
papers, and should not be published again.
Now, if it be true that this book has gone
to Europe and been printed there, I trust this
House will send along an apology for it by
voting that no more ought to be printed.
Mr. Speaker, is it in order for me to move
as an amendment to the original Senate reso-
lution the amendment which I moved to the
substitute?
The SPEAKER. Such an amendment
would be in order.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that amendment,
and now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was first upon
agreeing to the amendment moved by Mr.
McNbely to the substitute reported from the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire simply to say that
if the substitute reported by the committee
shall be adopted I have every reason to believe
it will be concurred in at once by the Senate,
I now yield to my colleague on the Committee
on Printing, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. E. H. Roberts.]
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The geutleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] cannot go further
than I will go in favor of every measure for
the education of the American people. I am
ready to go with him also in favor of methods
for the upbuilding of religion, for the extension
of every mechanical invention, for teaching
the American people all the best methods for
carrying on their industries. But I cannot
here and upon this iioor, by the isisUument
alities of the Government, endeavor tu teach
religion or to asiist material industries. And
I am not ready to use the instrumentalities of
the Government, except to the point where it
may be absolutely necessary, for the purpose
of advancing the interests of education.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
XIr. E. H. ROBERTS. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I would ask the gentleman
whether he intends to carry out that doctrine
when the Committee on Printing comes to act
upon the proposition to print one hundred and,
fifty thousand copies of the agricultural re-
port and of the Patent Office report, involv-
ing a very much greater cost than this report
will cost?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I have taken no
action, as an individual, in reference to any of
these reports. When the time comes I will
try to do nay duty in reference to each one of
them. As to this particular report, it is a
special report, having interest only to a partic-
ular class. Therefore, as it is a document for
a particular class, I hesitate to give to it more
than the circulation which is absolutely neces-
sary ; that is, among technical educators. A
complaint has been made that we do not treat
the Commissioner of Education with courtesy.
I hold in my hands the message and docu-
ments for 1870 and 1871, which contain this
document in full. The document, therefore,
has had already every courtesy which you have
extended to the message of the President of
the United States. There have been seven
copies of the message and documents already
distributed to each member of the House, and
I do not know how many more the members
of the House are entitled to. This report has
a value. But if the statement of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is cor-
rect, that it is because of us effect upon the
southern States aud the enfranchised people
there that it has a value, then it is fit and
proper that the distribution should be thrtmgh
the Commissioner, and not through the mem-
bers upon this floor; and the number reported
by the committee is abundant for that.
My friend from Illinois suggests that there
are three hundred thousand teachers in the-
United States ; and his argument would lead
to the conclusion that this document ought to
go into the hands of every one of these teach-
ers. But, sir, if you print twenty thousand,
if you print fifty thousand, if you print one
hundred thousand copies you cannot supply
all these teachers. Besides, sir, this is a spe-
cial document, of real value only in those dis-
tricts where there is need to upbuild a new
system of education. You do not need it in
Illinois, you do not need it in Indiana, we do
not need it in New York. Perhaps it is needed
at the South. Let the Commissioner, then,
have these copies for distribution where they
are needed.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] suggests that we ought not to object to
printing the number proposed by the Senate
because it will make only a "twopenny " differ-
ence in the cost. Mr. Speaker, questions of
economy are always ''twopenny'' questions.
But there are now before the Committee on
Printing applications amounting, aside from
the prin tingof the Globes, to half a million dol-
lars in a session of a single month. We must
stop somewhere ; and " Many a mickle makes
a muckle." If you do not put a check upon
these expenses, if you do not set somewhere
the point to begin your economy, you will have
no economy at all.
Mr. SHANKS. I would like to be heard
for a moment.
Mr. BEAT TY. I call for a vote.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McNeely] to the Senate resolution, to
strike out all after the word "provided" and
