1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
insert "that all of said report after page 80
be expunged."
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 65, noes 75.
Mr. HOLMAN". I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Air. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. In
srder that the House, before voting, may
understand the precise situation of the ques-
tion, I ask that the original resolution of the
Senate, together with the amendment reported
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,]
may be read.
The Senate resolution and the amendment
reported by the Committee on Printing were
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I call
attention to the fact that if the amendment
reported by the gentleman from Ohio should
prevail its effect will be that no copies of this
document can be distributed by members of
the Senate and House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on my motion to
lay the whole subject on the table.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—
ayes G5, noes 78.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 106, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Arthur,
Biggs, Bird, Braxton. Bright, James Brooks, Cald-
well, Carroll, Cox, Critcher, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Handley, Honks?, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard. Holman, Kerr,
King, Kirtsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, MeKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, Bli Perry,' Potter, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M.Rice, William 11. Roberts,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Slater, Sloss, Stevens,
Storm, Sutherland, Svvann, Terry. Dwight Town-
send, van Trump,Vaughan.Waddell,Warren,Wells,
Whitthorne. Winchester, and Young—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton,
Creely, Dawes, Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Edwards,
Elliott, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Frye. Garfield,
Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Ilarmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, Ilays, Gerry W. Hazleton,
John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper. Kelley, Ken-
"dall, Lamport, Lansing. Lowe. Lynch, Maynajrd. Mc-
Crary, McJunkin, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morcy, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Aaron F, Perry, Poland, Porter, Piindle,
Rainey, Elli3 II. Roberts Rusk, Sawyer, Seofield,
Seeiey, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, II. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Spraguo, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stousrhton, Sto-
well. Strong. St; John, Taffo, Thomas. Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Whitoley, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—106.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnum,
Beck, Bell, James G. Blair, Roderick R. Butler,
Campbell,Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs, Crossland,
Darral!, De Large. Dickey, Donnan, Duke, Farwell,
Goodrich. Haldeman, Hambleton, Kotcham, Killin-
gor, McGrow, Mitchell, Morphia, Neglcy, ILosea
W. Parker, Peters, Piatt, Price, Randall, Ritchie,
Robinson, Sessions, Shcllabarger, Shober, Slocum,
Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sypher,
Tuthill, Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, Washburn,
Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York, and
Wood—50,
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. McNeely to the Senate resolution, it
was not agreed to; there being—ayes 70,
noes 88.
Mr. McNeely's amendment to the substi-
tute was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the substi-
tute.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
83, noes 87.
Mr. BEATTY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 91, noes 94, not voting 42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler. Archer,
Arthur, Barber,Beatty, Beck,Bell, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Carroll, Cox, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
Dox, DuBose. Daell, Duke, Edwards, Eldridge, Ely,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lansing, Leach,
Lewis, Marshall^McClelland, McCormick, McHenry,
Mclntyre, McKmncy, McNeely, Merriam, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry, Potter. Prindle, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Ricc, Ellis II. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Stevens,
Storm. Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Dwight Town-
send, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddeli, Warren,
Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, and
Young—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barry, Bigbv, George M.
Brooks, Buckley,Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton,
Creely, Dawes, De Large, Dunnell. Eames, Elliott,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Griffith. Hale, Halsey,
Harmer, George E. Harris, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazleton. JohnW. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper.
Kelley, Kendall, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Manson,
Maynard, McCrary, McJunlun, McKcc, Mercur,
Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Orr, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker. Pendleton,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Rainey, Rusk, Sawyer, Scolield, Seeiey, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Stoweli, Strong, St. John, Taffe,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Wakeman. Walden, Waldron, Wallace.
Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—94.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnum,
James G-. Blair, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs, Darrall, Dickey,
Donnan, Farwell, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Havens, Ketcham. Killinger, McGrew, Mitchell,
Morp&is, Negley, Peck, Peters,Price, Ritchie, Rob-
inson, Sessions, Sheldon, Slocum, Worthington 0.
Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sypher, Tuthill, Upson,
Voorhees, Washburn, Williams of Indiana, Win-
chester, and Wood—42.
The SPEAKER. The vote is, yeas 94, nays
94, and the Chair votes in the negative j so the
substitute is disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the Senate
concurrent resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
97, noes 63.
So the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CANNON FOR SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 386) authorizing
the Secretary of War to place certain con-
demned cannon at the disposal of the Penn-
sylvania Military Legion, of the city of Phila-
delphia; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
Pennsylvania Military Legion, of the city of
Philadelphia, twelve condemned cannon to be
used in the erection of a monument in their
cemetery.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr, McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I find in this
morning's Daily Globe a report of a speech,
purporting to have been delivered in this House
by the gentleman from the third district of
Tennessee, [Mr. Garrett,] which I consider
a gross breach of the privileges of this House.
I send to the Clerk an extract from that speech,
which I ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
'/Now, Mr. Speaker, before I close rfiy remarks it
might boproper for me to allude to that class of men
known as carpet-baggers in the South, as it is through
them that most of those Ku Klux reports conic; and
as I have already spoken of them, it will only be
necessary at present for me to givo the character of
one now in the United States Senate from the State
of Mississippi. I shall only speak of him as a speci-
men of the men forced upon the southern poople to
misrepresent, slander, and insult them. Hon. Aoel-
hert Ames, who is holdings, seatin the United States
Senate under a certificate of election signed by him-
self; but I will content myself with reading an arti-
cle published in theVicksburg Herald, as follows:
""lhat shoulder-strapped puppy and poltroon,
Adelbert Ames, who "spoke a piece'' in the Senate
IastTucsday, is a more consummate liar and fool than
wo ever gave him credit for. We knew him to be a
happy combination, admirably mingled, of the kna/V©
and the fool. We knew that he had no regard for
truth, decency, or honor; we knew that he was a
poor, pitiful coward, who wears a brevet that his
courage never won, and that ho was entirely desti-
tute of principle; but wo did not suppose that the
impudcncc and vanity of the poor creature would
ever betray him into such a jumble of folly, false-
hood, and stupidity as is exhibited in that speech
of his.'
"Now, Sir, I do not vouch for the truth of the
statement, but think, where so much is said in tho
newspapers and not disputed by the honorable Sen-
ator himself, that the country might begin to look
about for men who stood higher in their own estima-
tion, as well as in the estimation of the public press,
to represent the people of a great State in the Amer-
ican Senate, a position fit to honor the man if he
were but fit to honor it."
Mr. MeKEE. Mr. Speaker, as it may nat-
urally be thought that a Representative from
Mississippi on this floor would have a great
deal of personal feeling in regard to an attack
like this upon our Senator, I content myself,
on behalf of the delegation of Mississippi, with
merely bringing the matter to the attention of
the House. I do not propose to act upon it
myself. I have brought it up in order that
this House, having had its attention directed
to it, may visit upon the author of this gross
breach of privilege such condemnation as I
think it deserves.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I send to the
desk a resolution on which I will call the pre-
vious question, unless the member referred to
desires to say something.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio,
before he calls the previous question, to let me
say a word oil behalf of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the reso-
lution be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas A. E. Garrett, a member of this House
from the third district of Tennessee, did cause to be
printed in the Daily Globe of April 14,1871, as if de-
livered in the House on the 5th of April, and under
its rules, by him. a speech in which was contained
a reference to Hon. Adelbebt Ames, a Senator, of
the United States from the State of Mississippi, in
the words following, [hero follows tho cxtract:]
Therefore,
lift it revolved. That the said A. E. Garrett has
thereby committed a gross broach of the pnvileges of
this liouse, and that he be forthwith brought before
the bur of thi^ House and be there reprimanded by
the House, and that the printerot the Congressional
Globe be instructed not to insert tho specch in which
such words occur in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee 
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me one word ? At the request of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I beg leave to say
this 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In one moment.
I was about to say that if the gentleman from
Tennessee, to whom this resolution refers, has
anything to represent, by himself or another,
I will waive the previous question until it is
said. I will keep the floor, but yield for that
purpose.
Mr. COX. What I desire to say is at the
request of the gentleman from Tennessee and
at the request of the gentlemen on this side of
the House. Before the matter was mooted
here in any way the gentleman from Tennes-
see, after learning the relation which this
speech bears to our rules, proposed himself
to strike out the obnoxious paragraphs, so
that they should not appear in the bound
Globe, where they would have an immortality
beyond life, as we know. [Laughter.]
And there is this much to be said before
any resolution of censure is passed; that Mr.
Garrett is, as we know, a new member, new
to l^e rules, new to the courtesies and amen-
ities which are observed between the Senate
and the House in their debates. If anybody
should be selected for the censure of the House,
