674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
agated here. If ray friend goes into the con-
servatory of any gentleman around this capital,
or any other city, will he not find the same
variety of foreign grapes under cultivation
under glass ? Will he not find themcultivated
in every glass structure used as a conservatory
in the country, where the citizen is wealthy
enough to keep up that kind of a luxury? Cer-
tainly he will. Do the farmers in his country
have conservatories to raise exotic grapes?
No, sir; they plant them in the open air, unpro-
tected by glass structures, under God's blessed
sunlight to be warmed into life. Agriculture
is a thing of the open field, of labor and sweat
and sunlight and rain, not of fancy. There is
the same connection between that glass struc-
ture and agriculture as there would be between
a professor in the Agricultural Department of
the classic and beautiful mythology of the
goddess Ceres and an actual farmer sweating
at his plow. It is all pure fancy and taste,
well enough in its way and very elegant, but
has no connection whatever with the real agri-
culture of the field.
One word more. I not only fully appreciate
the Agricultural Department, but I congratu-
late the country in having the services at the
head of that Department of a very accom-
plished gentleman and an earnest and enthu-
siastic friend of agriculture, whose services
are of real value to the country ; and for the
purposes of promoting agriculture I will vote
for all the appropriations he may require; but
I will not vote for appropriations under the
pretense of promoting agriculture, but in fact
to gratify the taste and supply the conservato-
ries of gentlemen of elegant leisure, but who
have 110 connection with agriculture or its
labors and pursuits.
Mr. LAMPORT. It will not be surprising
when we have up the subject of agriculture; it
is one on which I should feel disposed to make
a speech, but I do not propose to do so.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Jir. Horace Por-
ter, one of his Secretaries, notifying the
House that he had approved and signed a bill
(H. R. No. 321) for the relief of Robert Moir
& Co.
question of privilege.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In view of what
has transpired, I have modified my resolution
as it will be read by the Clerk:
The Clerk read as follows :
A. E. Gaerett, a Representative of the
third district of Tennessee, has this day, in open ses-
sion, expressed to the House his regret that he caused
to be printed in the Daily Globe of April 14,1871,
a speech containing a passage in gross violation of
the rules and privileges of this House: Therefore,
Aeaolved, That the printers of the Globe shall be
instructed not to print said speech in the Congres-
sional Globe, and that no further action be taken in
the premises.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider tiie vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. CONGER. Before discussing the amend-
ment I proposed last evening, I will yield to
the chairman of the committee to make some-
amendments to the paragraph to which mine
is an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to rise
to a point of order.
Mr. COX. I do not think the intention was
to strike out the whole of the speech of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Garrett:]
but the lesolution reads that way.
Mr. GARblELD, of Ohio. It is precisely
the same as in the case of my colleague (Mr.
Mungen) last year.
Mr. COX. That was not the understanding
on this side of the House. I hope it will be
reconsidered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The motion
to reconsider has already been laid on the
table.
Mr. COX. It is ungenerous and unkind to
press the resolution when it was so misunder-
stood by this side of the House. Under the
circumstances it can have no moral or legal
effect.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on the resolution in that form.
It was misunderstood by all the gentlemen
around me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
desire a vote to be taken, and if by unanimous
consent that can be done, I do not wish to pre-
vent it. I had no wish to surprise any gentle*
man. Several Democrats were here and saw
the resolution before it was submitted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentlemen around
me state that they did not so understand it.
Mr. COX. Let us have a vote upon it.
Mr. DAWES. I object to a vote being taken
now. I^etthe gentleman from New York enter
his motion to reconsider, and bring it up after
we have disposed of this bill.
Mr. COX. Very well; the resolution is very
ungenerous to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. McKEE. And it was a very ungenerous
gpgGCll.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the vote be taken
now.
Mr. DAWES, The only objection to that
is the lateness of the hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We will accommodate
the gentleman as to that. I hope he will agree
to let the vote be taken now.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] must see that the hour
is late, and that it is time that we were pro-
ceeding with the deficiency bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman, if he is
not accommodating, may find when he asks
accommodations that he will not get them.
Mr. DAWES. I try to be accommodating.
I have suggested to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] to enter his motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The question does not
seem to be understood. The Chair put the
question on agreeing to the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] and
declared that it had passed. And then, on
the usual signal from the gentleman from Ohio
he put the motion to reconsider, and declared
that it was laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Precisely so. I
made the motion to reconsider, and it was laid
on the table.
Mr. COX. I ask the attention of the Chair
to the fact that the Chair put the question on
the resolution (supposing it would be passed
nemine contradicente) in a low tone of voice,
without our examining it, and declared the re-
sult so promptly that it almost seems, although
not on the part of the Chair, a snap judg-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As I have stated,
several Democrats stood beside me and saw the
resolution, and I sent it up without change.
There was certainly no snap judgment in the
matter on my part; and, what is more, this is
exactly the thing which was done last session
m the case of my colleague, Mr. Mungen.
His whole speech was stricken out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say just one
word as to that. The gentleman from Tennes-
see took back all the matter objected to, and,
having done so, we understood the resolution
was only to strike out such portions as he had
expressed his willingness to strike out, having
violated the rules iu ignorance. Mr. Mungen
refused to make any modification. This gen-
tleman takes back all that is obnoxious.
Mr. PERCE. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. But the Chair
begs to state that he finds there is on the Jour-
nal no record of a motion to reconsidrr, and
of that motion being laid on the table. Under
these circumstances, and in view of the feel-
ing which has been expressed in regard to ihe
matter, he will allow a motion to reconsider
to be entered, so that an opportunity may be
given for a vote to be taken.
Mr. COX. I enter that motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. PERCE. I move to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has the floor.
Mr. DAWES. After the deficiency bill is
disposed of there will be no objection to hav-
ing a vote on this.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
If my colleague's possession of the floor can
be interrupted by a motion to reconsider, has
not another gentleman the right to move to
lay that motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. Notatall. The practice
of the House is uniformly and directly the
reverse. The motion to reconsider may be
entered and called up at any future time. But
no one has a right to move to lay that motion
on the table, unless the floor is yielded to him
for that purpose. The gentleman can yield
for that purpose if he chooses, but the Chair
cannot force him to yield.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that unless this
bill is finished to-day-—and in order to do that
I must tax the patience of the House at this
late hour—and goes to a committee of con-
ference to-morrow, while the other bill will
be likely to be in a conference committee, it
will involve a continuation of the session next
week; otherwise we can close the session
without doubt on Monday. If the patience of
the House will not permit itself to be exhausted
until the bill is finished to-day we can close
the session on Monday.
•The SPEAKER. The Chair will advise the
gentleman that the motion of the gentleman
from Mississippi [Sir. Perce] is not a debat-
able motion.
Mr. PERCE. I appeal to the gentleman
to yield to me for the purpose of moving to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will excuse
me.
Mr. PERCE. It was either a gross breach
of the privileges of the House or it was not.
Mr. DAWES. The vote upon that question
would consume at least half an hour, and I
hope the gentleman will not force it now.
I offer as an addition to amendment Xo. 3
the following:
And he is hereby authorized and instructed to
designate some competent lawyer m tbo Depart-
ment of Justjee, whose duty it shall be to attend
before the commissioners of claims and contest such
claims m the interest of tho United States.
I want to saythat in the hurry of the passage
of the bill that created the commission of
claims there was no provision for anybody to
represent the United States before that com-
mission. This amendment authorizes the At-
torney General to designate sonic of the law
officers in _ his Department to appear before
the commission and represent the United
States. I presume there can be no objection
to it.
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask the indul-
gence of the House to offer anolher amend-
ment. I am aware that a single objection will
prevent its being entertained, but if liie House
will give me a few minutes to state why I offer
it I venture to believe that no one will object
to it. It is the same amendment that was
ottered on Wednesday by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Dn Lak<;u.] 1 send if.
up to the desk, and I ask that it be read, and
then 1 hope the House will allow me to make
a statement.
