676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
same amount as that of the First Comptroller.
The proposition, when made at the close of
the last session, was received without objec-
tion; but it happened that at the time there
was presented for the consideration of the
House a bill prepared by the Secretary of the
Treasury reorganizing the various branches
of that Department and rearranging the sal-
aries of its officers. In that bill the salaries
of these two officers were fixed at the same
rate. As it was then expected that that bill
would come up speedily for consideration, it
was thought best that this increase should be
made in that bill rather than as an amendment
to an appropriation bill. Gentlemen on the
special committee who at this session have had
this amendment submitted to them all admit
its propriety, and numbers of gentlemen on
both sides of the House who have examined
it are prepared to advocate it.
It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that my
amendment contains a proviso that the expense
of this increase shall not involve any increase
of the appropriation made in the regular ap-
propriation bill. There will be no increase of
expense to the Government. The reorganiza-
tion of the Second Comptroller's bureau, as
submitted to the Secretary of the Treasury
and approved by him, will make a saving of
more than two thousand dollars in the aggregate
amount of the appropriation, so that from this
excess the increase in the salary of the Second
Comptroller can be paid. In this view, as a
matter of economy, the proposition should
commend itself to the economical gentlemen
of this House.
This is a measure in which personally I have
no more interest than any other member ; bat
during the last two years my attention has been
called again and again to the gross inequality
in the salaries of these two officers. All the
money paid out of the Treasury of the United
States is paid upon warrants indorsed by the
Comptrollers. The duties of the Auditors are
chiefly of a clerical nature, making calcula-
tions, &c.; but it is the duty of the Comptrollers
to see that the Auditors act in accordance with
law, and that no improper allowances are made
by them. They stand as guardians of the Treas-
ury of the United States to prevent improper
payments. And I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, in one decision against
the Auditors who had passed on an account as
arithmetically computed, saved the Government
within the last session of Congress $153,000,
He saved that amount to the Government by
one decision, enough, sir, to pay the whole
expenses of the Department.
Now, when we have honest, intelligent,
watchful, useful men m these positions under
the United States Government, we ought to
pay them proper salaries and not beep them,
as we now do, at a less salary than is paid to
cashiers and tellers in the banks, or to book-
keepers in some of the large mercantile houses.
It is a shame in the Congress of the United
States to allow these valuable officers to remain
longer at these small salaries. It is a shame
that this condition of affairs should have been
allowed to run so long. I ask gentlemen to
vote on the merits of the question. Every one
who has examined the matter, every one who
has seen the responsibilities of these officers,
admits that these salaries ought to be raised
now, and ought to have been raised long ago.
TheSPEAKEB. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to say a word to the
Speaker in reference to the pertinency of this
amendment. The section which I move to
amend is in regard to the number of clerks,
&c., and the amendments of the Senate are to
the same effect. _ The last amendment moved
m the House is in regard to a new officer. It
is just as much new legislation as this.
The SPEAKER. What particular amend-
ment does the gentleman consider it ger-
mane to ?
Mr. CONGER. I offer it as an amendment ,
to the last portion of the first section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said to the
gentleman from Michigan that if he will offer
an amendment to increase the compensation j
all around I will not make a point of order,
although I do not think this is the place for it.
Mr. DAWES. I will, unless it contains an
equalization of the salaries of all these offi-
cers. If we raise one and not the other it
will only produce discontent.
Mr. CONGER. I understood the Chair to
decide it was germane to the Senate amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not able to j
see any amendment to which it is germane. J
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Are we acting
under the hour rule or the ten-minutes rule,
or what length of time can gentlemen occupy
the floor? [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not want to lose
my right to offer my amendment, of which I
gave notice the other day.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will not be
deprived of any of his rights. He can come
in afterward.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer the following amend-
ment;
That the sum of 817,760 be paid to Dr. Leon Idas
Kussell, and his wife, Martha L. Russell, for prop-
erty taken and used by the Federal Army at the
battle of Stone River, Rutherford county, Ten-
nessee.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on his point of order. I have not
asked anything for my State so far. This claim
has merits, and has been long deferred. The
testimony to substantiate it is at hand.
Mr. DAWES. I would not object 
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope I see some compas-
sion on the brow of the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. There has been a commis-
sion created to take charge of these claims
that have been long deferred, and therefore I
must insist on my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
non-concurrence was recommended, was the
following:
Strike out the word "depositary" and insert in
lieu thereof "Assistant Treasurer " in the following
paragraph:
For desks and mess en gers in the office of the depos-
itary at Baltimore, $6,760.
Mr. DAWES. It is right as it was in the
original bill, and I hope it will be non-con-
curred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, in which non-concur-
rence was recommended, was the following:
Insert as follows:
For this amount, to be deducted from any money
or funds in the Treasury of theUnited Statesbelong-
ing to the Peoria, Piankeshaw, Wea, andKaskaskia
Indians, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, as provided in the treaty
of 1868, $12,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The nextameudmentof the Senate, in which
uon-concurrence was recommended, was the
following:
Insert as follows:
To pay William Hardin a balance due him under
his contract for surveying the public lands in Ne-
braska, $3,600.
Mr. DAWES. That amendment ought to
be non-concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate
was read as follows :
To enable the Presidenjt to carry out the provisions
of the act of March 3,1871, authorizing him to pre-
scribe rules and regulations for the admission of
persons into the civil service, &c., $10,000.
Mr. NIBLACK. What is the action recom-
mended in reference to that amendment?
Mr. DICKEY. The recommeudatioa is to
concur.
Mr. DAWES. That was the agreement of
the committee at first.
Mr. BECK. 1 will state the position of
the committee in regard to this matter. We
first agreed to recommend concurrence, and
then, finding that there was a good deal of
difficulty on both sides of the House about it,
we changed our recommendation to non-cou-
currence. Now I believe we are trying to get
back to the original proposition, except my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Njblack.]
Mr. DICKEY. The committee in the first
instance certainly agreed to recommend con-
currence.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
intend to consume much time on this matter.
I said about all that I thought necessary in
regard to it when I addressed the House iD the
general debate on the bill the other day. But,
inasmuch as some gentlemen, including some
of my friends around me, in view of the face-
tious remarks which were addressed to me
and the replies which I made somewhat in the
same style, drew the inference, as I have since
understood, that I was somewhat Pickwickian
in the positions I took, I desire to say that,
whatever may have been the good taste of the
manner in which I argued the other day I am
ready to repeat and reaffirm all the positions
I then took in regard to this matter, so far as
the positions themselves are concerned.
I am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of some civil
service reform. But I do not believe that the
time has arrived for the party now in power,
or, perhaps, for any party which might be in
power, to make much progress in a matter of
that kind. It is a subject on which public
opinion must first be operated upon aud edu-
cated. The doctrine in this country has
always been to some extent for the last thirty
or forty years that to the victors belong the
spoils in political matters. I know that that
doctrine has often been criticised very severely.
Very many gentlemen are willing to acknowl-
edge, as an abstract proposition, that it has a
sort of mercenary sound about it. Yet par-
ties have been organized upon that principle,
and have always, to some extent, been organ-
ized upon it.
Well now, instead of our getting away from
that doctrine, it looks to me, from my stand-
point, as if we are advancing in regard to it—
advancing in this way, sir, that the domain of
party politics is being constantly extended, and
that we are now treating as the spoils of office
many things which used to be regarded as out
side the scope of political partisanship. And,
sir, it does seem to me, looking at things from
the stand-point from which I have viewed them
during the last five or six weeks in this Dis-
trict, that herein the District of Columbia, where
all the Departments of the Government are
located, and where any civil service reform
must operate more efficiently, if at all, than
anywhere,else, and have a larger scope than
under other circumstances, with this doctrine
of the party in power taking possession of
everything—military, naval, civil, and eccle-
siastical, and eleemosynary as a friend near me
suggests—that this is a very unfortunate time
to talk about civil service reform.
Now, I do not know what the President of
the United States might do if he were per-
fectly untrammeled. i have faith enough in
him to believe that he might like to see some
things changed in that respect. But how could
he dare to do it? That is the question. He is
soon to be a candidate for reelection. The
fiercest element of his party, as I understand,
is now triumphant in that organization. And
that fierce element in the party never yields
anything. We all know it is ready to throw
him aside if he does not serve its purposes.
If he is a man of common sagacity he under-
stands this, and he certainly has enough saga-
city to understand that much.
Now, what evidence have we anywhere that
anything but the most intense partisanship
would pervade whatever rules might be adopted
