678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
ment of this claim. Here was-a man who,
under the order of a United States marshal,
traveled several thousand miles, at an expense
no doubt as much as the sum here named, to
arrest this man. 'When he returned with his
prisoner his chief is out of office. He would
have got his money but for that fact; he can-
not get it now because there is no law for its
payment.
This provision having been inserted in this
appropriation bill because there is now no
provision of law under which the money can
be paid, we are told that it ought not to be paid,
because there is no law for it. I think that
is irrational in the highest degree.
Mr. DAWES. I think that my friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] presses this matter a
little too far. The fact is that this man was
arrested by telegraph; he gave bail in Cali-
fornia and came over without compulsion.
Mr. COX. That is not the fact as I have
understood.
Mr. SAWYER. It is the fact. I am ac-
quainted with the case.
Mr. COX. Well, the gentleman who arrested
the man by telegraph was the one who found
out where he was.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committee recommended non-concurrence,
was to insert the following as a new section :
Sec. 14. That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office ia hereby authorized to approve the sur-
vey of the eastern boundary of Nevada, made by
Isaac E.James, notwithstanding any departure from
instructions which, in the opinion of said Commis-
sioner, does not materially impair the accuracy of
the work.
Mr. KENDALL. Mr. Speaker, in making
this survey the instructions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office have been
substantially and particularly complied with.
. Any variance that may exist from those instruc-
tions is of no real importance. The essential
thing desired by the people of Nevada, and,
indeed, by the people of Utah Territory as
well, those most interested, is to have this
eastern boundary of my State established, fixed,
and settled. It has been in doubt and in dis-
pute for a long time. Meanwhile large vested
rights and interests have grown up within the
disputed territory: new and rich mines of sil-
ver have been discovered and opened ; a large
population has gathered in the eastern confines
of. the State and along this eastern boundary
which we wish to have determined. Questions
of doubtful jurisdiction affecting the courts,
and through them the titles to property, affect-
ing executive officers also, and but lately cast-
ing doubt and uncertainty over the sesult o£-
our State election, have arisen, creating con-
fusion, disorder, and retarding the growth and
prosperity of that whole section.
What are the facts? Simply and concisely
these: the eastern boundary of the State of
Nevada had been defined by act of Congress
to be the one hundred and fourteenth merid-
ian of west longitude. The position of that
meridian, once fixed by proper observations
and surveys, and then marked by monuments,
the work was done, jurisdiction settled, and
disputes ended. That such meridian has been
marked with quite sufficient accuracy, I am
informed by a gentleman recently in this city,
a gentleman standing high in his profession
as an Army engineer, and now in the service
of the Government. I say this in spite of
\ the fact that we differ politically, for he is an
ardent Republican.
I hope, sir, that the Senate amendment may
be concurred in, and this unfortunate and mis-
erable question of boundary and jurisdiction,
affecting courts, officers, tenure of property,
and elections, be set at rest.
Mr. DAWES. Before the House votes on
concurring in this amendment I ask that it
be again read.
The Clerk' again read the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. The question is, would we
agree with the Commissioner as to whether the
departure from the instructions impaired the
accuracy of the work? In what respect this
survey trenches upon the general system of
land surveys is not specified. The provision
proposes to set up the opinion of the Commis-
sioner in place of a law to which every survey
since the land system of the United States was
established has been required to conform. Al-
though in the view of my friend from Nevada
[Mr. Kexdall] there may be no danger in this
particular case, yet the proposition is one of
the most unsafe that I have ever seen inserted
in a bill of this kind. Besides, it belongs to
that class of legislation which but for my col-
league here I would say there is no propriety
in the world in putting in our appropriation
bill. I hope that the amendment will be non-
concurred in. If we should think proper to
act on this question at all, the matter ought
to be presented in a more definite form.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committee recommended non-concurrence,
was to insert as a new section the following:
Sbc. 16. That any SonajWesettler under the home-
stead or preemption laws of the United States who
has filed the proper application to enter not to ex-
ceed one quarter section of the public lands in any
district land office, and who has been subsequently
appointed a register or receiver, may perfect the
title to said lands under the preemption laws by
furnishing the proofs and making the payments re-
quired by law to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. TAFFE. I do not think there will be
any objection to this amendment when the
facts are understood. Under the existing law
when a person fills the office of register or
receiver it is not competent for him to preve
up any homestead or preemption claim, be-
cause he would have to take the proof before
himself. In other words, any homesteader or
preemptioner is precluded by existing law
from holding the office of register or receiver.
Mr. DAWES. I wilKsay of this amend-
ment, as I did of the one just disposed of, that it
is a matter touching the general land system
of the United States which has existed for
years. The evil, if there be one, has existed
from the beginning. My friend from Nebraska
[Mr. Taffe] has for years been a member of
the Committee on the Public Lands, discharg-
ing his duties with signal ability; yet, it has
never occurred to him to advocate this change
in the law until somebody in the other branch
thought that it was a suitable matter to be
put in an appropriation bill.
Mr. T-AKFE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts-plr. Dawes] is mistaken. I have
-never been a member of the Committee on the
Public Lands, whether with ability or without.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman ought to
have been, and I thought he was.
Mr. TAFFE. I wish to say that the cases
to which this section willapplyare exceptional.
It can only apply in cases where the party
appointed to either of these offices is a home-
steader or a preemptor.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think that the pub-
lic interests will suffer by postponing this matter
till next winter.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committeerecommended non-concurrence,
was to insert the following as a new section :
Sec. 18. That the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall cause to be engraved and prepared, on such
paper and of such form and design as he may pre-
scribe, blank circulating notes for national banking
associations, and shall issue thesame to the national
banking associations in place of the worn-out and
mutilated circulating notes, and t6 an er,ual amount
of such associations, and any additional issue of
national bank notes that may be uni<le in pursuance
of law shall be in the new note? herein provided for
so soon as the same are ready for issue: Provided,
lhat one side of said notes shall be printed by one
printing-house, the other side by another printing-
house,. and verification by the Government shall bo
made in the Treasury Department.
Mr. DAWE3. Before we consider the ques-
tion of concurrence or non-c*mcurre ce in this
amendment I move to amend the section so as
to read as follows:
That the Comptroller of the Currency, under the
direction of the Secretary oftheTroasury,shall causa
to be engraved and prepared, on such paper and of
such form and design as he may prescribe, blank
circulating notes for national banking associations,
and shall issue the same to the national banking
associations in place of their worn-out and mutilated
circulating notes, and any additional issue of na-
tional bank notes that may be made in pursuance
of law shall be in the new notes herein provided for.
so soon as the same are ready for is=ue.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will state what will
be the position of the section as it stands. It
will simply authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to reprint the national bauk notes just
as he has done heretofore. The Comptroller
of the Currency is of the opinion that he has
that authority already; but the Secretary of
the Treasury is himself of the opinion that
there may be some doubt about it. As the
provision now stands it will simply authorize
him to reprint these notes as heretofore.
Mr. POTTER. If I understandyour amend-
ment it does not require these notes to be
printed in Washington.
> Mr. DAWES. It leaves it exactly as it was
before. I will state that the Secretary has an
opinion that the original act simply authorized
the thing to be done once and did not author-
ize the reissue of these notes. Some of the
gentlemen at the Treasury Department differ.
They think he has a right to reissue these
notes. This simply settles the question in
reference to his making new bank notes just
as in the beginning.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment for the perfection of this section, to come
in at the end of the section.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
already pending moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. In order that the House may
vote intelligently on my amendment, I ask that
the section be read precisely as it will stand
if my amendment be adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 18. That the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, shall cause to be engraved and prepared, on
such paper and of such form and design as he may
prescribe, blank circulating notes for national bank-
ing, associations, and shall issue the same to the
national banking associations in place of their worn-
out and mutilated circulate notes, and any addi-
tional issue of national bank notes that rnav be
made in pursuance of law shall be in the new notes
herein provided for, so soon as the same are ready
for issue.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the expense incurred and which
shall become necessary in executing the provisions
of this section shall be paid by the said banking
associations in proportion to their circulation, at
such times and in such manner as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe, in addition to the tax
now and heretofore imposed by law on tuch banking
associations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of^ order that the amendment changes
the law, imposing as it does an additional tux.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no idea that the
Government shall be compelled to pay for
printing bank notes for the national banks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not see
why we should impose this additional tax,
when the expense of printing these bauk notes
is already provided lor by law, and for which
expenses these banking associations are al-
ready taxed.
Mr. KERR. It is not imposing a tax.
Mr. HOLMAN. It provides how these
expenses shall be paid.
Mr. GARFIELD. of Ohio. These expenses
are already paid by Ihe banks under existing
law.
