680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
vitally affects ev-^ry material interest of the
people, levies tribute upon every industry,
well-nigh controls the monetary legislation of
Congress, and forbids the modification of its
great privileges in the interests of the people.
Its profits have been enormous, its dividends
most generous, and its net additional savings
in undivided profits and surplus funds are not
less than §150,000,000. Even the Supreme
Court have held that, whenever the Congress
of the United States sees fit to adopt a finan-
cial instrumentality of this kind, it may pro-
tect it as a monopoly by taxing out of exist-
ence every other financial institution. Thus,
by the legislation, the partial favor of the Gov-
ernment, its continual and brilliant financial
success is rendered absolutely certain ; it can-
not cease to be a source of unexampled pros-
perity to its owners, no matter how much all
other interests may languish.
By the present laws of the Federal Govern-
ment a tax of ten per cent, is imposed upon
the circulation of all State banking associa-
tions, and other onerous bnrdens, for the ex-
press and special purpose of compelling them
to leave the business of banking, in connection
with currency-making, entirely to the control
of this immense and powerful monopoly. The
income of this combination and consolidation
of corporations is nothing less than imperial.
I say that in the history of civilized Govern-
ments it has not had a parallel. Their asso-
ciated capital to-day exceeds five hundred mil-
lion dollars, and it acts generally, as from a
single impulse, in the closest sympathy and
harmony, with the usual power and _ strategy
of organized and selfish wealth. It is one of
the chief barriers, in many respects, between
the people and equal laws.
Then, why shall we not impose upon them
this little burden? Even if it shall amount to
another million dollars, in addition to the tax
they already pay, that is a mere bagatelle to
them. They have already been relieved from
one half of their income tax which was imposed
upon them by the very law to which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Towxsexd]
refers. Their other taxes have also been re-
duced. They are constantly asking to be
relieved from ether burdens. They are coming
here now and asking the Government of the
United States to increase their franchises by
giving to them the means of keeping up their
reserves, without having a penny of idle capi-
tal. They want even their reserves to earn
interest aud make dividends at the expense of
the people of the country.
They are not willing to comply either with
the law or with the common-sense and well-
settled principles of honest banking everywhere
in the world by keeping safe reserves. I say
it is an outrage on every other interest in this
country that this pernicious and irresponsible
monopoly shall be allowed to go on uncon-
trolled and unquestioned. I hope that this
amendment will be concurred in, that it will
be adopted without one dissenting voice in this
House. Justice demands it, and the interests
of the people of this country are crying aloud
for it, and for more effective relief against this
system. Let us begin this reform now. This
rotten and worn-out circulation has remained
in the hands of the people long enough. Com-
pel the banks to give them at least new and
decent paper.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to call the attention
of this House to the fact that the banks of the
country pay a special tax for the very purpose
of defraying the expenses of printing the bills
which they circulate and for conducting the
Currency Bureau, 1 he gentieman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farsswokth] and other gentle-
men who have spoken upon this subject say
the banks are taxed only as all other business
is taxed. This if! a mistake. They pay not
only the general tax assessed upon other c«r-
poratiors. but, in addition, a special tax for
the f.peei jc purpose of d"A*,viug the expenses
incident to providing circulating notes.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not the gentleman
know that not one fourth of this tax is col-
lected?
Mr. LYNCH. I do not know anything of
the kind ; I suppose the tax is collected as all
other taxes are collected. But the point is
this: that the banks of the country pay a spe-
cial tax for a specific purpose, and that pur-
pose is to furnish the plates for printing their
circulating notes, and also to defray the gen-
eral expenses of the Currency Bureau. That
is provided for in the special act by which
these banks are created. They pay their gen-
eral taxes under the general revenue laws of
the country in addition to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. A single question.
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do the banks pay for the
circulation furnished to them more than one
per cent, per annum ? And is not that a great
accommodation on the part of the Govern-
ment which gives these banks the privilege of
circulating $350,000,000 of currency ?
Mr. LYNCH. As I have already said, the
banks pay the tax of one per cent, for the pur-
pose of defraying the expenses of furnishing
these notes and other incidental expenses of
the bureau, and the amount yielded by that
tax is much larger than is really required.
Why, then, impose an additional tax for this
object? I want to call attention to another
fact: the banks of the country do not ask for
a new issue of notes. The object of the amend-
ment nnder discussion is not to favor them,
not to increase their profits, or to protect or
benefit them in any way. The proposition to
issue new notes to the national banks emanates
from the Treasury Department, and is to pro-
tect the public against loss from counterfeits
and to replace worn, mutilated, and dirty
notes by those of better character. The Gov-
ernment having authorized this bank currency,
have undertaken to keep it good and in good
condition. The original issue was paid for
out of the tax on circulation, and as the tax is
an annual one, it was evidently the intention
that all necessary renewals of it should be paid
for in the same way.
I ask the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holjias] how this tax is to be imposed and
collected ? He proposes that by a general pro-
vision the payment for printing these bills
shall be imposed upon the banks in the form
of a tax. How is that tax to be collected from
the banks? How is its payment to be en-
forced? In what proportion is it to be imposed?
Suppose this proposition shall become a law,
how is this tax to be collected ? The Govern-
ment says to these banks, "You must take
new bills in exchango for those worn and
mutilated," In what proportion are these
banks to pay for the expense of printing these
new bills, and how is that tax to be collected ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. By the express terms of
this proposition the Secretary of the Treasury
is to make an assessment upon the national
banks in proportion to their circulation. Does
not the Secretary of the Treasury know exactly
what is the circulation of each bank, and can-
not the assessment be made upon that basis ?
Is there any trouble about that?
Mr. LYNCH. I did not hear distinctly
the amendment of the gentleman when it was
read; but as I caught its meaning from its
reading 
Mr. HOLMAN. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is to make the assessment upon the banks
iu proportion to their circulation.
Sir. LYNCH. The expense of printing the
present issue of the bills of the national banks
is provided for in the national banking act,
which, in the forty-first section, provides that
| this currency shall not be subjected by the
I Government to any other special tax.
; Mr. HOLMAN. Does notlhe last section
I of the act authorize Congress to make any
amendment in the law which they may think
proper?
Mr. LYNCH. Undoubtedly Congress may
withdraw the charters of all these banking
institutions and sweep them out of existence.
The power of Congress to legislate as it may
choose in regard to these institutions is not
questioned. But I say there is no justice in
forcing them to pay the expense of a new-
issue of bills which they did not ask, and
which is only designed for the protection of
the public, when they are already taxed for
printing their present and all subsequent
issues of their notes. It is not a question of
whether banks are making large or small
profits or no profits at all, or whether they
are adequately or inadequately taxed. The
question is whether the special tax on circula-
tion, imposed for the specific purpose of furn-
ishing them with circulating notes and paying
the expenses of the currency bureau, is ade-
quate to the purpose. As it not only is ade-
quate, but largely in excess of what is required,
I do not see the justice or the sense of increas-
ing it.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmas,] and if the Senate
amendment be thus amended I am in favor of
concurring in it. I rose principally to say that
we ought to be careful not to non-concur in
the amendment of the Senate if we can so
amend it as to require the banks to pay the
expense of thisnew issue. That there is needed
a new issue of the notes of these national banks
no one can doubt; or if any one does doubt he
must be convinced by the following letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Seceetaky, March it, 1S71.
Sik: It seems to me very important that some
provision should be made at this session of CongressT
if practicable, for the issue of a now series of na-
tional bank notes to take the place of those now in
circulation, which are generally worn out or muti-
lated, and some of the denominations have been
counterfeited so as to defy detection, except by ex-
perts. If a section could be added to the deficiency
bill, or legislation secured in some other way, au-
thorizing the Comptroller of the Currency, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
cause to be engraved and prepared on such paper,
in such form, and design as he may prescribe, circu-
lating notes for national banking association-, with
authority to issue the same to said associations in
plaeeot worn-outand mutilated circulating notes of
such associations, and providing, also, that any ad-
ditional issue of national bank notes which may
be made in pursuance of law shall bo in the new
notes whenever the same are ready for issue, the
object sought for would be accomplished substan-
tially; and any additional legislation for compul-
sory redemption of mutilated notes now in circula-
tion might be left for future consideration.
V ery respectfully,
GEO. S. BOCTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. Jons Shekman, Senate Chamber.
Every one must know that the present issue
of currency is practically worn out. More than
that, the counterfeits upon it have become so
'numerous and so difficult to detect that the
people of the country are not safe in taking
these notes. The banks themselves, I under-
stand, frequently refuse their own genuine
paper, because the counterfeits are so success-
ful that it is impossible for most persons to
distinguish the genuine from the counterfeit.
Hence a new issue is indispensable, and tho
banks make profit enough out of their immense
monopoly to supply the people with good, well-
executed notes, aud renew them as often as
they wear out or become so unsafe, because of
the successful counterfeits, that the people win?
take them as money are deprived of propci'
protection.
The law referred to by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lyxch] is not so limited in ita
terms as he seems to suppose. It provides in
| the forty-first section—
i "That the plates and special dies to be p'mcurr.l
I by the Comptroller oftlio Treasury for the piint'i-s
i ofsuch circulating notes shall remain under his
■ trol and direction; ami the exponreh neeesi.irtiv
, incurred iut executing the of this
re-peeting- ihe procurirur ol such uoioa and all other
i expenses of tuo bureau, shall be paid out of the
