1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
Eroceeds of the taxes or duties now or hereafter to
e assessed on the cireulatiou and collected from
associations organized under this act."
We now propose to assess upon the circula-
tion of these banks the expense of renewing
the notes which have been worn out in their
service.
Mr. LYNCH. The fund already provided
is largely in excess of what is required for this
very purpose.
Mr. BECK. Undoubtedly that is true.
These banks have been taxed one per cent,
on their circulation in consideration of the
great privileges they have enjoyed. In the
form of such taxation they have paid for the
last five years an average of $3,000,000 a year,
$15,000,000 in the aggregate.
Mr. RANDALL. The tax is only one half
of one per cent.
Mr. BECK. While this tax has yielded
$15,000,000, the whole expenses of the bureau
have been less than $1,000,000. But that is
not the question. These banks have paid less
taxation in proportion to their privileges and
their profits than anybody else, or any other
corporations, and have made larger profits out
of the people. Their notes now need renewal.
Their business will enable them to be renewed
without any damage to the banks.
After paying the expenses of this new issue
they will continue to make larger profits than
any other business in the country. If they are
allowed this monopoly they ought of course to
furnish the .people with good money. The
Secretary of the Treasury states that their
notes are now counterfeited to such an extent
that the people cannot take them with any
safety. Large numbers of them are worn out
and are absolutely worthless and must be
renewed.
I may remark in passing that the paper used
for the present issue has proved to be ill-fitted
for the purpose; and during the last eighteen
months the Secretary has commenced using
for greenbacks and bonds paper which, during
that period, has never been counterfeited.
Counterfeits may be made hereafter ; but the
Secretary believes that he can use, for the new
notes of these national banks, paper and dies
which will defy the counterleiter. That is the
Secretary's opinion. It is also my opinion,
which perhaps is not worth much ; but I have
tried to inform myself, and am willing in this
matter to do what Secretary Boutwell thinks
best.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I will yield for a few minutes
to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Burchakd.]
Mr. BUB.CHARD. Mr. Speaker, whether
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is adopted or not I
think this amendment ought not to bo con-
curred in ; and for this reason : it is proposed
to prepare new plates for all the banks. It is
not a provision to replace worn-out and muti-
lated currency, because that is already author-
ized by law; and if there is any additional
power required by the officers of the Treasury,
it i3 to prepare new plates for the national
bank notes. It is to prepare new plates for
national bank notes of the denomination of
ones, twos, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, one
hundreds, five hundreds, and one thousands,
making nine plates, or at the very least five or
six plates, for each national bank. That,
sir, would involve an expense of over half a
million dollars, and may be §1,000,000,
Now, there is no necessity for this because
any of these bank notes have been counter-
feited, for nearly every one of those counterfeit
plates has been captured by the Government
detectives and is in the possession of the Gov-
ernment. I believe there is no necessity for
preparing new plates on that account, and
therefore I hope the Seuate amendment will
be non-concurred in.
Worn-out and mutilated currency is now
inquired to be sent back, and as fast as it is
bent back new notes are printed from the
plates already in existence. Itisnotnecessary,
therefore, on that account.
I have this still further objection to the sec-
tion. It requires that the additional issue of
bank notes shall be printed on these new plates.
Now, a large part of that additional circulation
is already out. The new banks are receiving
it. They are receiving it printed from plates
already in existence. The moment you pre-
pare these new plates you will have two classes
of money for these banks. There will be two
kinds of ones, twos, fives, tens, twenties, fifties,
and one hundreds issued out of these banks.
It will only add to the insecurity of the cur-
rency and increase the chances of its being
counterfeited. I think under all the circum-
stances we had better non-concur and reject
the proposition, as we rejected it during the
last Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield now for a moment
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I cannot allow to pass uncorrected one misrep-
resentation, made in ignorance no doubt of the
exact statistics, in reference to these national
banks on the subject of taxation. I hold in
my hand the last official report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, which contains a state-
ment showing the amount and rate of taxa-
tion (United States and State) of the national
banking associations. It shows that during
that year the national banking associations of
the United States, not so many then as now,
paid the sum of $18,388,734 23 as taxes to
the United States and State authorities, which
was equal to 413Jisaff per cent, on the entire cap-
ital of these national banking associations.
Now, if gentlemen say that 4J per cent, is not
a reasonably sufficient tax on any kind of prop-
erty in the country, except it be upon such
luxuries as whisky, tobacco, and cigars, very
well; I cannot agree with them. There is a
general tax on these banks, which they are
compelled to pay monthly. They pay a tax
on their circulation, and they pay a tax on
their deposits. They have also to pay a special
tax in the nature of a license for carrying on
their business. And, in addition to all that,
in the forty-first section of the law creating
the national banking system, they are taxed
for the very purpose of paying, not only for
the engraving of these plates and printing
these notes, but for the entire expenses of the
running of the Currency Bureau in the Treas-
ury Department. Of that last tax imposed
on the national banking associations for the
purpose of printing these notes there are now
in the Treasury Department lying unexpended
a surplus of something like eight million dol-
lars. It is expressly provided that the engrav-
ing and printing of these notes shall be paid
out of this fund, and I cannot see what justice
there is in taxing the banks twice for the same
purpose.
With the amendment of the Senate amended
as it has been on motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] with the
proviso stricken out which fettered the action
of the Secretary of the Treasury and com-
pelled him to give this work to outside parties
to be done at whatever price they might choose
to ask, the section will then be substantially
as it was reported by me from the Committee
on Banking and Currency last session. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
will be rejected, and that the section will be
allowed to pass in that shape.
Mr. KERR. I wish to say in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that the
same report of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency shows thsit at the same time, one year
ago, after payiDg rich dividends to their stock-
holders all over the country, and after having
paid the taxes to which lie has referred, these
national banking associations had in their
vaults, of undistributed profits and surplus
funds, over one hundred and thirty million
dollars : an absolutely imperial amount of net
earnings.
The SPEAKER. When the point of order
was made on the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana the Chair overruled it without
making any explanation. The Senate amend-
ment under consideration is itself a change of
the law. It is new legislation. The only point
to be decided is whether the amendment is ger-
mane to the Senate amendment. It is certainly
as germane to the Senate amendment as it
was last year to the currency bill when it was
under consideration. It is not whether it
involves new legislation, but whether that new
legislation is germane to what is in the Senate
amendment. And on that point the Chair con-
siders that the amendment is clearly germane.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Dawes to close debate on the pending
amendment, it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I would say to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin that if the House will
stay an hour longer I think we will finish the
bill. Only two amendments remain, to which I
shall ask the attention of the House. I under-
stand the Hall of the House is to be occupied
to-night by gentlemen opposite, so that we
cannot have an evening session. But if gen-
tlemen will stay an hour and put through the
bill it will go to a committee of conference
to-morrow, and we will save two or three days
next week.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not think we can
get through the bill in an hour. But I will not
insist further at present on the motion to
adjourn.
The question was on Mr. Holmak's amend-
ment, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 70, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Areher, Arthur,
Boatty, Beck. Bigby, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell, Carroll, Conger, Cook, Cox,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Box, DuBose, Duke.
Dunnell, Edwards, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Forker, Henry I>. foster, Garrett. Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, Halo, Handley, Hanks, John T.
Harris, .Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard,
Holman. Kendall, Kerr, King. Kinsclla, Lamison,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney,McNcely, Mcrrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Ho&ea
W. Parker, Isaac C.Parker, Aaron F. Perry, Potter,
Rainey, Randall. Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Scofield,
Shanks. Sherwood. Shober, Slater, Slocum% Sloss,
Thomas J. ispeer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, bwann,
Terry, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tyncr,
Vaughan, Waddell, Walden, Warren. Wells, Wnite-
ley, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Young—103. .
NAYS—Messrs. Avcrill, Barry, Bingham, Austm
Blair. George M. Brooks, Bucklcy, Buffmton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Coburn, Cotton, Crecly, Dawes, Do
Large, Dickey, Duell, Eames, Elliott, Farwell,
Charles Foster. Frye, Garfield, JIalsey, George
Harris. Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.Hazleton, Hill.
Hoar, Kelloy, Lowe, Lynch, McJinkin, McRoe.
Mercur.Merriam, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Packard,
Packer. Paimer, Pcck.Pendieton, Perce, Eh Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rogers, Rusk. Sawyer, Seeley. Sessions, Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, John A.Smith Sprague, Stark-
weather. Stoughton, Stowell. St. John, Taffe, Wash-
ington Townsend, Twichell. Waldron, Wallace,
Walls, Willaid, and John T. Wilson—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Bell, Biggs, James Or. Blair, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,.Campbell,
Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs, Darrall. Douiian,
Goodrich, llaldcman, Hambleton, Harmer, Harper,
Hays, Hooper, Ketcbam, Killmger, Lamport,, Lau-
s.ng, Leach, Maynard, MeCrary, McGrew, Mitch oil,
Morey, Morphis, Nogley, Orr, I eters. Price, Ritchie,
Robinson, Sheldon, Shellabarger, \\ ortbiBgton C.
Hmithr, Snyder, E. Milton bpcer, Strong, Sutherland,
Svnher Tothill, iJpson, \ an Trump. Voorhees.
Wakoman, Washburn, "Wheeler, and Williams oi
Indiana—57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman presses
