1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
It is said that the proceeds of the sale of
lots is as direct a donation from the Govern-
ment as would be the appropriation of so much
money out of the Treasury of the United States.
That, I think, is a misconception of the entire
matter. The proceeds of the sale of lots in the
District of Columbia heretofore have been used
as a fund for the improvement of the District.
I do not believe that gentlemen would be will-
ing to assume the position that we couldretain
these lots in our own possession and do noth-
ing toward making this park or making public
improvements in the city, pay no taxes upon
the lots, and still expect that permanent or
valuable improvements can be made. That
does not seem to be reasonable or just. The
least we can do in this regard is to continue
the policy which has prevailed from the organ-
ization of the Government down to the pres-
ent time, of at least using the avails of the
lots that are sold within the city, which were
donated by the Government for that purpose,
for the improvement of the city and of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman offers
his amendment, will he allow me to offer one
which I gave notice of a few minutes ago ?
Mr. DICKEY. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to accept this amend-
ment:
Provided, That no further steps shall be taken
toward excavating the canal until otherwise ordered
by Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. The canal ought to be
filled up.
Mr. COOK. In reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts 
Mr. DAWES. Let me reduce my amend-
ment to writing.
Mr. WOOD. What is the question before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] has moved a substitute for
the fiftieth amendment of the Senate, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is having a proviso prepared, winch the Clerk
will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no further steps shall he taken to
excavate the canal until further ordered by Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order now to move
an amendment to the original Senate amend-
ment? I desire to move to strike out the last
provision in relation to borrowing money from
the Treasury of the United States for this
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] desires to move an
amendment, after which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmast] will be recognized.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by adding to it the following :
Provided, That the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road shall have the right to extend its track from
Virginia avenue along Sixth street and across the
canal to the open grounds between Sixth street, B
street, and the canal, and to occupy said grounds
for depot and railroad purposes, as authoiized by
the city councils of Washington : P, ovided, how-
ever, That if a.t any time a park shall be established,
including Sixth street, said railroad along Sixth
street shall bo so adapted to thepark avenues,either
by tunnels or bridges, a3 the board of public works
may direct, as not materially to interfere therewith;
and that said Sixth street from the canal to Penn-
sylvania avenuesliall at all times hekeptpaved and
in good repair by said railroad company, and that
existing laws relative to straightening the canal
shall not be alfceted thereby.
The SPEAKER. The amendment which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holjiax]
1i..k sent to the desk will be read.
The Cierk read as follows :
Snike our after the word " park," in the fortieth
line, the following words :
Ami that the officer aforesaid whereby authorised
to borrow and receivefrom the Treasury of the Uni-
ted rirar.es, to be used for the purposes herein iniii-
eat^d, and no other, any bum or sums not exceeding
$100,(100, out of any money in the Treasury notother-
wise appropriated, and which shall be refunded and
paid to the Treasury of the United States out of any
funds hereafter realized from the sale of the lots or
squares of land hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say a single word
in support of thisamendment. Lcertainly see
no great objection, if any at all, to selling lots
in the city of Washington not required for any
public purpose and appropriating the proceeds
to the improvement of these grounds. But I
am not willing to go further than that. I take
it for granted that if this $100,000 is taken
from the Treasury it will never go back there
again.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman will allow me
to say that the language to which his amend-
ment refers is entirely struck out in the sub-
stitute which I offer, which provides that the
avails of these lots shall be used only as they
are received.
Mr. HOLMAN. If my amendment to the
original section may be offered after the sub-
stitute is voted on I will very cheerfully with-
draw the amendment for the present.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by con-
sent. The substitute of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] will be again read.
Mr. MERRICK. I wish to call attention
to the phraseology used in the proposed sub-
stitute, as well as in the Senate amendment.
Both these propositions use the words "lots
not exceeding ten in number." Now, per-
haps some gentlemen are not aware that
the manner in which property in the city of
Washington is divided is into "lots" and
"squares." It is impossible, doubtless, for
any ten "lots," according to the technical
and recognized legal subdivision of property
in this city, to realize the sum of $100,000, or
anything approximating to that amount. If
the language of the provision were modified
so as to read "lots and squares not exceed-
ing in number ten squares," then possibly it
might meet the purposes contemplated. But
I take it for granted that there are no ten vacant
lots in the city which if offered for sale could
by any possibility yield a sum adequate to meet
the object of this provision.
Mr. COOK. My idea is that the Govern-
ment has no ten squares to dispose of; and I
do not expect that we are to receive $100,000
or anything like it. But I do suppose that
there are ten outlying lots which might be
disposed of for this purpose.
Mr. MERRICK. We probably have much
more land than ten lots which could be dis-
posed of. Ten lots would probably raise so
insignificant a sum that it would not meet the
purpose. I suggest that the phraseology be
modified so as to read " such lots and squares
not exceeding in number ten squares."
Mr. COOK. I ask that the substitute be
again read, that gentlemen may understand
it; and after that I shall have no objection to
the amendment indicated if it be deemed
necessary.
The substitute was again read.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to call attention to
the fact that the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois proposes in the fourth line of the
section a very material change, which I think
would be bad policy, in relation to the public
grounds named belonging to the United States.
The amendment, as it comes from the Senate,
provides—
That for the purpose of connecting the grounds
already owned and belonging to the United States
in the city of Washington for the establishment of
a, public park, the officer in charge of public build-
ings and grounds is hereby authorised to exercise
such control as may be strictly necessary for tiiis
objeer over the public reservations herein enumer-
ated.
The amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [ Mr. Cook] proposes to strike out the
words "the officer in charge of the public
butkhngs and grounds," an officer of the Uni-
ted States Government, and to put this matter
in charge of the board of public works, a board
of officers appointed solely for the city of
Washington. Now, it strikes me as avery bad
policy 
Mr. COOK. The gentleman is mistaken;
there is no such officer.
Mr. COBURN. I am not mistake'n. That
is exactly the language, I will have it read
over again if the gentleman says that I am
mistaken. It gives it to the board of public
works. I ask the Clerk to read it."
Mr. COOK. That is the first part.
Mr. COBURN. That, is exactly what I
refer to. The gentleman acknowledges it is
not a mistake. The public buildings from here
to the Potomac are to be put under the charge
of the board of public works of the city of
Washington. Are we going to surrender our
control over the Botanic Garden grounds,
over the reservation upon which is the Agri-
cultural, Department and over the Smithsonian
grounds, and allow them to be cut up into road-
ways, and improved by walks and carriage-
ways, under the direction of the board of pub-
lic works of the city of Washington, not iden-
tified with the interests of the United States
generally, but having interests purely local ?
If we do that, then we may as well surrender
to this board of public works all the public
buildings as well as all the public grounds
in the city of Washington, and permit them
to determine what improvements and addi-
tions shall be made to them. It is, sir, the
worst policy in the world. I would rather, a
thousand times, go for the Senate amendment
than to put this matter in the charge of the
hoard of public works. We are not called
upon by any great public necessity to do this
thing.
If the citizens of Washington are in want of
a public park I am willing they shall use these
public grounds for that purpose. Two years
ago, when they wished to make a great hotel
upon Pennsylvania avenue, having eight hun-
dred feet front, adjoining the Smithsonian
Institution grounds, I expressed my opinion
publicly that Congress should not grant that
ground to anybody, for any purpose, but
should leave it open for the people of Wash-
ington as public grounds, to which they all
might have access.
1 will say, sir, that I have always been in
favor of keeping up these grounds in proper
style for the benefit of the citizens of this city,
as well as of the people of the nation generally.
But the proper way is not for Congress to sur-
render their control over these public grounds.
If any improvements are to be made, they
should be under the direction of Congress, or
officers amenable to Congress, and not of offi-
cers of the District of Columbia, such as those
composing this board of public works. I
beseech members not to give away our control
over the public grounds around the Capitol
and elsewhere in this city. The time may come
when these grounds may be needed for the
erection of public buildings. When that time
comes, if we surrender our control to this
board of public works, we will be under the
necessity of buying laud for that purpose.
Mr. FARNSWOI1TH. Buy the same ground
back again.
Mr. COBURN. It is altogether wrong to
surrender our control to this board of public
works. The demand for public buildings by
the Government for the next fifty years will
be fivefold greater than now. This Capitol
itself rau«t be enlarged ; there is not a Depart-
ment building which does not need enlarge-
ment ; we have not enough accommodation
now. and what will it be when we have one
hundred million people? The truth is, if
you fritter away the public grounds m this way
you will so disgust the nation with this capital
that it will be put upon wheels and located
somewhere toward the setting sun, where it
should have been located long ago.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend by inserting
" Commissioner of Public Buildings " instead
of the "board of public works."
