1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
drive their coaches and four, for the grounds
are now open and can be used just as well by
the people for purposes of recreation and
amusement as if this proposition should be
carried out. The children can all play there
now, and plain people can seek recreation;
indeed, the public grounds accommodate all
except, as I said, those who are able to drive
their four-in-hand. Besides, I am informed,
if we carry out this proposition now, it would
be carried out against the protest of those peo-
ple living on the island, who, although most
of them are poor and of not much influence,
have still made known to us their opposition
to this plan of closing up the avenues of ap-
proach to the city. If it is absolutely neces-
sary to have a grand driving park at once, let
one be built back of the city, on the hills near
the Soldiers' Home, where members of Con-
gress, the President, and Cabinet, foreign min-
isters, gentlemen of property, and men of
wealth can drive their carriages. Sir, that is,
my present view of the matter. It is my opin-
ion that this proposition should be postponed
until some future time.
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Speaker, if it is now
in order, I propose to suggest some amend-
ments and to make some general remarks upon
this section. I propose in the first part of the
section to strike out the words " and the
Botanic Garden and Capitol grounds." I pro-
pose also to strike out the word "paid," and
insert in lieu thereof the word "covered so
that it shall read, "and the funds arising there-
from" (that is, from the sale of these lots)
" shall be covered into the Treasury of the
United States." Also to strike out all after
that clause and insert in lieu thereof the words
" and no expense shall be incurred in the
establishment of said park, save only such as
shall be provided for by the legislative council
of the District of Columbia."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the saving clause in this
proposition which is relied upon to cover its
hidden iniquities I think is the proposition to
make all this vast improvement by the pro-
ceeds of the sale of lots not now in use, or
necessary .to be used by the United States in
the future. Keeping myself within the limits
of parliamentary language, I desire to say that
that proposition is a mere subterfuge, it is so
bare that it has no skin upon it.
Mr. COOK. Appropriations for the pur-
pose are to be made by the Legislative Assem-
bly of the District of Columbia.
Mr. BUKDETT. Does not the proposition
of the gentleman provide that these lots shall
be sold?
Mr. COOK. Yes.
Mr. BURDETT. And that the proceeds
of the sale of these lots shall be applied to the
improvement of this park?
Mr. COOK. Yes.
Mr. BURDETT. Now I do not understand
that there is the least difference between
appropriating for a given purpose the moneys
of the Government and taking the property
of the Government for that purpose. I do
not understand that there is less inquity in
cheating a man by fraud out of his farm than
there is in taking the money from his pocket;
not one bit. If it be right and proper that the
Treasury of the United States shall be called
upon to pay the expenses of this improvement,
let us be manly and open and appropriate the
money directly for that purpose. It seems to
me that would be the correct, proper, open,
and honest way of doing business. I ask the
gentleman to suppose the proposition to be to
sell, of the public domain in Nebraska, or
Dakota, or Kansas, or elsewhere, a sufficient
amount to supply the means for improving this
park, would any gentleman support such a
proposition? And yet what is the difference
between that and the one now before the
House? The lands of the Government in
Washington are aa much the property of the
Government as the lands of the Government
in Dakota and Kansas are the property of
the Government; there is no difference safe
in the mere matter of location.
Now, I am in favor of having a park here in
Washington. I believe the people of Wash-
ington as the people of other cities should have
a place in which to air themselves and their
children and such of their guests and visitors
as may desire to go within it. But I propose
that the people of Washington, like the people
of other towns, shall put their hands in their
pockets and pay their own money for that
which is for their special benefit, save only
this: lam willing to do what no other city
has asked to be done for them ; I am willing,
under proper restrictions, that the Govern-
ment of the United States should furnish the
grounds, the people of the District to do their
share by furnishing the money for this im-
provement. I think that is a munificence the
very largest that can be demanded by the people
here. It is a fair proposition, and one which
no man ought for a moment to hesitate to
accept. And I have prepared and offered a
bill with that end in view, which has been
referred to the proper committee. I will say,
however, that I agree with the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] that at present we ought
not to concur in this proposition at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and fifty-five minutes a. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. DOX: The petition of G. B. Douthit,
of Calhoun county, Alabama, asking for the
removal of his legal and political disabilities.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of W. C.
Stanton and 125 others, citizens of Cortland
county, New York, praying Congress to grant
bounty land to the soldiers who served in the
Union Army during the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of William
Brink, of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of Mrs.
Jane Hunter, asking for a pension.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Joseph
W. Booth, of Surry county, Virginia, praying
the removal of the legal and political disabil-
ities imposed upon him by the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. TAFFE: A petition of citizens of
Nebraska, in relation to change of line of Bur-
lington and Missouri River railroad.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 14, 1871.
The Senate met at ten o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
BRIDGE AT ST. JOSEPH, MISSOURI.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 383) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near St. Joseph, Missouri;
which was read the first time by its title.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to have that bill passed
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think not. I must be
excused for not agreeing to that now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. The bill will be laid on the
table under the restrictive rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read a second
time.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask that the bill be read
a second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the bill will be read a second time by
its title.
The bill was read the second time, and
ordered to lie on the table.
DEBATE ON ENFORCEMENT BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rather in the nature of
a petition than anything else, I will ask that, .
by unanimous consent, the rule adopted yes-
terday during my absence, but which is none
the less binding on me on that account, be so
modified that I shall have not to exceed fifteen
minutes to explain the amendment that I pro-
pose to offer after the Senator from Vermont
gets the floor. I do not wish to prolong the
debate, and I do not wish to invade the rights
of the Senators who desire to occupy the floor
until one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent to be
allowed fifteen minutes to explain his amend-
ment at the conclusion of the speech of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before or after, which-
ever the Senator from Vermont prefers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not make any
difference to me at all. I do not care how
much the time is extended, personally; but
several gentlemen who assented to the arrange-
ment yesterday did so with a certain reserva-
tion of personal vexation, antf promised all
manner of Ku Klux treatment to me if I
assented to any extension under any circum-
stances. Personally I have not the slightest
objection to the Senator explaining his amend-
ment, either before or after I proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator does not
object, I simply ask for that modification of
the order. I do not want to struggle for the
floor with any Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why cannot the Senator
from Ohio make his remarks before?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to crowd
those gentlemen who are to have the floor
until one o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not make any objec-
tion, only it seems to me that when a unan-
imous conclusion has been come to in a pretty
full Senate, those who are absent may com-
plain if it is violated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not going to violate
it, except by equally unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBGLL. I think when an amend-
ment of some importance is suggested, such
as the Senator from Ohio has given notice of,
the mover of it ought to be allowed a few min-
utes to explain it; and it seems to me that
ought to be the understanding in all these
unanimous consents. The object of the Sen-
ate in agreeing to this unanimous consent is
to bring a subject to a close, not to deprive
it of any information that a Senator wants
before voting. If I am to vote on the amend-
ment that the Senator from Ohio proposes to
offer, I should greatly prefer, not that he
should argue it, but that he should state what
it is, that we may have a distinct understand-
ing of it.
Mr._ SHERMAN. That is all I ask. I sim-
ply wish to state what it is, and to show the
precedents for it, to show the origin of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think when an amend-
ment of a new character which we have not
been discussing at all is offered, the Senator
who proposes it ought to be permitted two or
three minutes to explain it; and I think a
unanimous consent like this always ought to
have that understanding. That used to be the
understanding; but lately it seems to be sup-
posed that when an amendment is offered the
mover cannot state what it is. However, I
think the good sense of the Senate at the time
when we come to voting, after the Senator
from Vermont shall have concluded, will allow
any gentleman who proposes a new amend-
ment, if he desires to speak upon it for two or
three minutes in explanation, to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That has always been
