688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
eral tendency of parties to secure a continua-
tion of power by the use of that which they
possess is so great that they are apt to be car-
ried away by their interests and opportunities
in spite of their good intentions, and I would
not trust any; not even my own. But you
introduce the granting of extraordinary powers
and their consequent use for partisan ends once
into our political life, and you may be sure
that other parties, succeeding you, will go
beyond your example. The consequences I
need not point out to you.
I may, however, give an instance of the
extent to which such a tendency may be car-
ried under the legislative guise; an example
from our own history.
On the 23d of January, 1860, with reference
to John Brown's Harper's Ferry raid, Mr.
Douglas introduced the following resolution in
the Senate of the United States :
"Resolved* That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to report a bill for the protection of
each State and Territory in the Union against in-
vasion by the authorities or inhabitants of any other
State or Territory, and for the suppression and pun-
ishment of conspiracies or combinations in any State
or Territory with intent to invade, assail, or molest
the government, property, or institutions of any
other State or Territory of the Union."
Here was a proposition ostensibly intended
to protect slavery in the States against inva-
sion by force, such as a Democrat of that
period might, in his opinion, with great pro-
priety bring forward. But now mark what
the tendency of this new grant of power to the
Federal authority was, and how far Mr. Doug-
las's intentions went. In explanation of his
resolution he said:
" Sir, I hold that it is not only necessary to use the
military power when the actual case of invasion
shall occur, but to authorize the judicial department
of the Government to suppress ail conspiracies and
combinations in the several States with intent to
invade a State, or molest or disturb its government,
its peace, its citizen;?, its property, or its institutions.
You must suppress the conspiracy, the combination
with intent to do the act, and then you will suppress
itin advance." * * * * *' Idemandthat
the Constitution be executed in good faith, so as to
punish and suppress every combination either to
invade a State, or to molest its inhabitants, or to dis-
turb its property, or to subvert its institutions and
its government. I believe this can be effectually
done by authorizing the United States courts in the
several Statesto take jurisdiction of the offense and
punish the violation of the law with appropriate
punishments." * * * * * * *
"Sir, what were the causes which produced the
Harper's Ferry outrage? Without stopping to ad-
duce the evidence in detail, I have no hesitancy in
expressing my firm and deliberate conviction that
the Harper's Ferry crime was the natural, logical,
and inevitable result of the doctrines and teachings
of the Republican party, as explained and enforced
in their platform, their partisan press, their pam-
phlets and books, and especially in the speeches of
their leaders, in and out of Congress," * * *
* "The great principle that underlies the Repub-
lican party is violent, irreconcilable, eternal warfare
upon the institution of American slavery with a
view to itsultiinate extinction throughout the land."
" Sir, give us such a law as the Constitution con-
templates and authorizes, and I will show the Sen-
ator from. IsTew York that there is a constitutional
mode of repressing the irrepressible conflict. I will
open the prison doors, and allow the conspirators
against the peace of the Republic and the domestic
tranquillity of other States to select their cells,
wherein to drag out a miserable life as a punishment
for their crimes against the peace of society/'
" Can any man say to us that, although this out-
rage has been perpetrated at Harper's Perry, there
is no danger of its recurrence? Sir, is not the Re-
publican party still embodied, organized, confident
of success, and defiant in its pretensions? Does it
not now hold and proclaim the same creed as before
the invasion ? Those ^doctrines remain the same.
Those teachings are being poured into the minds of
#men throughout the country by means of speeches
and pamphlets and books, and through the partisan
press._ The causes that produced the Harper's Ecrry
invasion are now in active operation." * *
* * . ■ " Mr. President, the mode of preserving
peace is plain. This system of sectional warfare
must cease. The Constitution has given the power;
and all we ask of Congress is to give the means, and
we, by indictments and convictions in the Federal
courts of the several States, wiil make such exam-
pies ox the leaders of such conspiracies as will strike
terror mto the hearts of others; and there will be an
end of this crusade."
I did not. in quoting this occurrence, intend
to indulge in a fling at a once great and pow-
erful leader of the Democratic party; I merely
wanted to point out to the Senate to what
extremes sometimes partisan spirit may run
in availing itself of tempting opportunities for
legislation calculated to play a part in political
warfare. Here you find a scheme boldly dis-
closing itself to destroy the Republican party
by indicting, trying, and punishing its leaders
and active men for an alleged conspiracy, which
consisted in the advocacy of certain princi-
ples, and those principles your own. I do not
deem any Senator on this floor capable of so
outrageous a design as was openly avowed by
the Democratic chieftain ; I am sure you are
actuated by the single desire to aid the men in
the South, whose lives and rights are in dan-
ger. But if you once venture out in that direc-
tion, you cannot, with certainty, say yourself
where you will stop. It is for such reasons
that I see in these strained constitutional con-
structions, and in these assumptions and grants
of exceptional powers a danger which is not
confined to their operation in the southern
States, but extends to the whole drift of our
political life and the general character of the
institutions of the country.
I repeat that I did not intend to go into the
details of this bill, especially as the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. TbujibuijJ has already ex-
pressed many views I entertain, with much
more ability than I can command. I merely
intended to present some points of view which
had not yet been touched.
On the whole, sir, let us not indulge in the
delusion that we can eradicate all the disorders
that exist in the South by means of laws and
by the application of penal statutes. Laws
are apt to be especially inefficacious when their
constitutionality is, with a show of reason,
doubted, and when they have the smell of par-
tisanship about them ; and however pure your
intentions may be, and I know they are, in that
light a law like this, unless greatly modified,
will appear suspicious. If we want to produce
enduring effects there, our remedies must go
to the root of the evil; and in order to do that,
they must operate upon public sentiment in
the South. I admit that in that respect the
principal thing cannot be done by us ; it must
be done by the southern people themselves.
But at any rate we can in a great measure
facilitate it.
While faithfully striving to secure the
enforcement of constitutional laws, we must
trust much, and do it patiently, to that natural
process which will gradually develop and
educate public sentiment in the South, as to
the true interests of southern society. Look-
ing at the component elements of that soci-
ety, you cannot fail to find the elements of
improvement there. The machinery of our
Government, national as well as State, is sub-
stantially worked by political parries. Ex-
amine the political parties which exist in the
South and you will find that the Democratic
party of that section, as it now is, cannot give
peace and order to southern society, for the
simple reason that the lawless element is too
powerful in it, and that it is controlled by a
reactionary tendency. The Eepublican party
in the South, as it now stands in several States,
is equally incapable of securing peace and
order to society, because as long as ignorance
there is led by unscrupulousness it cannot
produce good government and cannot exer-
cise great moral power. But there is in the
Democratic party in the southern States a
numerous element desiring peace and order
as a matter of interest, but which is at pres-
ent overawed by the lawless wing-of the party
to which it is bound by a common grievance ;
and there is in the Republican party of the
South a numerous element detesting dishon-
esty and capable of promoting good govern-
ment, but bound to the selfish political trick-
sters by common dangers and fears.
Thus you will find there a large mass of
citizens now separated by party lines who, if
united, would possess intelligence enough,
honest purpose enough, numerical strength
enough, and moral power enough to put down
disorders without the interference of the na-
tional authority and to give to the southern
States good government. To be sure, we can-
not by our action accomplish that union, but,
as I have said, we can do much to facilitate
it. In the first place, we can dissolve that
bond of common grievance which binds the
law and order loving Democrats of the South
to the lawless element, and the first step in
that direction consists in the removal of
political disabilities. And secondly, we can
strengthen the influence and power of the
honest element in the Republican party of
the South by refusing our countenance to the
selfish schemers and tricksters who, under all
sorts of pretexts, continually invoke the aid
of the national Government to sustain them in
power.
Now, sir, as to the removal of political dis-
abilities, there are two points of view from
which it may be looked at: one is the senti-
mental, and the other is the practical. I find
the sentimental point of view quite intelligible.
It is asked, shall rebels go without punish-
ment ? Shall there be no distinction between
a man who stood true to his Government and
one who attempted the life of this Republic ?
I recognize as very natural the feelings which
originally dictated that language. But prac-
tical statesmanship cannot always be governed
by the emotions. It looks at the question of
usefulness.
And now I would ask southern Senators, even
the most Radical Republicans among them, can
you affirm that the political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment protect anybody in his rights? Can you
affirm that they in any way or in the least degree
diminish the power of the evil-disposed for
mischief? Do they in any manner strengthen
the party of law and order in the South?
Nobody will say that they do. They neither
do protect anybody in his rights, nor do they
disable anybody from doing mischief, nor do
they strengthen the party of law and order.
Then, I would ask you, in the name of com-
mon sense, what is the practical usefulness of
these political disabilities at this day? Their
effect, I think, is just in the opposite direction.
They will naturally render many a man, who
otherwise would be inclined to do so, indis-
posed to give support to the new order of
things, of which he is excluded from enjoying
the privileges. Many a man in the South would
have joined the friends of law and order in
active cooperation, could he look up to the
flag of the United States as the symbol of his
security and his rights, instead of being re-
minded by it of privileges which others enjoy,
but not he. The system of political disabil-
ities works even greater mischief than that.
Some time ago a Representative from Texas,
a friend of mine, told me the following story :
there was living in his neighborhood an old
man who had taken part in the rebellion.
That man was ready to " accept the situation "
in good faith, and he sent up to Washington
a petition for the removal of his disabilities,
and his name is now, with thousands of others,
on that great amnesty bill which died in the
House of Representatives at the expiration of
the last session of Congress. Well, sir, what
happened? That he had sent up that peti-
tion was known among his neighbors, and day
after day they came to him and said, " Mr.
Jones, you are a loyal man now?'' "Yes."
" You petitioned for the removal of your
disabilities?" "Yes." " Have they been
removed?" "No." Next day they came
again. " Mr. Jones, have your disabilities been
removed ?" " No." " Are you glad you havo
petitioned the Yankees?" And so on, day
after day and week after week. Not many
months had passed when Mr. Jones, annoyed
by the sneers of his neighbors, cursed the day
when he had petitioned Congress; all his good
disposition was sneered out of him, and his
boys swore that they would kill a negro every
