694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
the principles that this bill contains, that of
dealing with the people, that of enacting laws,
and never that of either by advice or protest,
warfare or proclamation, dealing with the
States.
I have as a matter of curiosity gone through
the ancient statutes as to crimes in order to
see, as my friend from Illinois thought we
were making a great change in the Govern-
ment how largely the founders of the Govern-
ment, in enacting its crimes acts, have gone
into the constant intercourse of the people in
their business relations, how much it has done
that might have been done by the States, and
in many instances how much it has done that
has always been done also by the States acting
upon the same class of subjects. Here are
some of them:
"An act to punish the negligence of steam-
boat officers," not on the high seas alone, but
anywhere in the United States, by which any
person should be injured. Nobody disputes
that a State can pass laws to punish that.
Nobody disputes that the Stat'e laws give
rights of private action to people for negli-
gence of steamboat owners.
" The embezzlement of goods of the United
States." There is a power which it might be
said was necessary to protect the interest of
the United States. That is true; and while
it is perfectly true, it would be lawful for the
States to, and many of them do, have statutes
under which anybody can be convicted for
embezzling the goods of another, whether the
United States or a foreign Power, or any per-
son having property within their territorial
jurisdiction.
"The forging of powers of attorney to trans-
fer stocks." There is a case of a purely pri-
vate crime between man and man, nothing
else. The power of attorney to transfer stocks
is not a Government security. It has no more
relation to it than any other power of attor-
ney has, except that the Government security
happens to be the subjcct to which the power
of iutomey is applied, and it is punished as a
private cheat, as all species of counterfeiting
iind lorgery of personal documents are. No-
body ever questioned the propriety of that
legislation; and at the same time all the States,
without exception, have enacted and enforced j
laws against the forgery of precisely the same
instrument*; and yet nobody ever heard that
the U.iion was about to fall to pieces because
the United States had invaded the sacred right
of the State to regulate the conduct of its own
citizens about crimes of this character.
" Conspiracies to cast away vessels," not on
the high seas merely, but anywhere within the
jurisdiction of the United States.
'• Conspiring to pluuder stranded vessels."
Plundering stranded vessels within the body
of a county of a State, which in every State in
the Union, I have no fear in saying, is an
offense against State laws; and yet nobody has
been alarmed at that legislation.
"Assaulting an officer." And here, sir, is
the shibboleth on which my friend from Illinois
has staggered and fallen. The committee put
into this bill an amendment providing that if
any man should assault an officer unlawfully
and wickedly, or rather conspire to assault hiin,
while in the performance of his duty, he should
be amenable to punishment. My honorable
friend from Illinois has said that this for him
spoils the whole bill.
Mr. TRUilBULL. Not at all. I ain in
favor ot' that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad that my
friend has experienced a sudden conversion.
Let me read from his remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senator is
hunting it up, I will say that my position was,
and I think he will find it the same in the
paper—if it is not I did not express what I
intended—that the Government had the right
to protect its officers in the discharge of their
duties; but that the Government of the United
States had no right to punish for a conspiracy
to cut down the Senator's apple trees in Ver-
mont, when he is here as a Senator discharging
his duties. The bill as proposed to be amended
provides for punishing a conspiracy to injure
the property of another while the officer is
engaged in the discharge of his duties a thou-
sand miles away, if you please, and having no
connection with the discharge of his duties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am immeasurably happy
that in the short course of thirty-five or forty
minutes I should have found one convert; I
will not say made one. Here is what my honor-
able friend said:
" I had stated that X did not suppose the Senator
from Vermont was in favor—and I might say I was
quite well satisfied he was not—of entering the
States to pass a general criminal code for the States,
or a general law for the redress of civil injuries in
the courts in cases of contest between individuals,
where the Constitution and laws of the United States
were not directly encroached upon. Assuming
that to be so. and that that is the opinion of every
member of the Senate, I should like now to get the
attention of Senators a moment, and especially of
the lawyers of the body, to a single amendment in
the seventeenth line of the second section. The
Judiciary Committee propose to insert these words,
' or while engaged in the.'"
Now, let me read the text of the bill:
Or by force, intimidation, or threat, to induce
any officer of the United States to leave any State,
district, or place where his duties as such officer
might lawfully be performed, or to injure him in
his person or property on account of his lawful dis-
charge of the duties of his office, &c.
That is the way the bill read in the first
place. The committee propose to amend
that so as to make it read:
Or to injure him in his person or property on
account of or while engaged in the lawful discharge
of the duties of his office.
Now, says the Senator from Illinois:
" I think that changes the whole character of that
section. Let me show how.
"As the bill originally stood, as it came from the
House, it provided for the punishment of a conspir-
acy to injure a person holding a United States office
in his person or property on account of his lawful
discharge of the duties of his office. That is legiti-
mate. X can vole for a law that punishes a conspir-
acy to injure a United States officer on account of
his lawful discharge of the duties of his office. But
what is the amendment? Xts eifect is to punish a
conspiracy to injure his property 'while he is en-
gaged in the lawful discharge of his duties.' Is not
that very different?"
And then he proceeds to illustrate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is exactly what I
say now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good. Let us see
what kind of a law we have now. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois made no distinc-
tion, for none could be made, in his argument
between the case of assaulting the officer while
engaged m the discharge of his duties or injur-
ing his property. He put it upon the ground
that it must be on account of the act interfer-
ing with the discharge of his duties which
made the case criminal for our punishment.
Now, let us see. Here is the act of 1790, old
enough to be outlawed, perhaps, in the esti-
mation of my friend, but it is in force yet:
"If any person or persons shall knowingly and
willfully obstruct, resist, or oppose any officer of the
United States, in serving or attempting to serve or
execute any mesne process or warrant, or any rule
or order of any of the courts of the United States,
or any other legal or judicial writ or process what-
soever, or shall assault, beat, or wound any officer,
or other person duly authorized, in serving or exe-
cuting any writ, rule, order, process, or warrant
aforesaid, every person so knowingly and willfully
offendingin the premises shall, onconviction thereof,
be imprisoned not exceeding twelve months, and
fined not exceeding $300."
Mr. TRUMBULL, That is a very proper
act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have had, Mr. Presi-
dent, for eighty years a statute which made it
a crime to assault any officer while engaged in
the performance of his duties, not on account
of it, but to injure him in his person while he
was engaged in the performance of his duties.
Now, my honorable friend says that this change,
using the same words and only changing the
language so as to include property as well as
person, is a great departure and alters the whole
principle of the bill.
This is not the whole of my friend's connec-
tion with this thing, and I am sorry that he
should have been betrayed suddenly into mak-
ing the opposition to this change that he did,
because only three years ago, as I reminded
him on that occasion, he himself, as a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, heartily con-
curred in and assisted to report a provision of
exactly that same character, and which, I
think I am safe in saying, at that time met the
approval of the Senate from members of all
parties and without any differences of political
opinion affecting it at all. Here are the sec-
tions which my friend's committee reported
with his concurrence, the sections which he
and I voted for when they were amended in a
part of their phraseology. The first making
it a crime "if any officer shall be, while in the
performance of his official duty, unlawfully
assaulted, beaten, or shall have nis property
unlawfully taken, injured, or destroyed while
engaged in the performance of his official
duty."
The very language of the amendment which
we have proposed to put into this bill was bor-
rowed. I do not mean by saying "borrowed"
to say copied from, but the idea was borrowed
from our own discussion and recommendation
in favor of that bill—which did not become a
law, not because it was defeated, bat because
it was not finally acted upon—in which and for
which we had the able and vigorous assistance
of my honorable friend. I thought, therefore,
that the committee might be justified, acting
upon the traditions of the old statutes, acting
upon the opinion of my friend so recently ex-
pressed to us, in making this amendment. I
suppose that when he opposed this amendment
the other day, as the Globe certainly says he
did oppose it; (for he said that it changed the
whole character of the section, and he could
not go for it,) my honorable friend had for-
gotten, in the hurry of the ten thousand things
he is pressed with, that this very subject of
securing an officer in person and property from
unlawful molestation while he is attending to
his duties was one which had met his cordial
approval, as I think it ought the approval of
every one. But, Mr. President, I am taking
too much time with that.
As I have said, in all or nearly all of these
instances, and I have only given a few of them,
where the United States has exercised crim-
inal jurisdiction over the acts of citizens as
between each other, in order to carry out the
protections which the Constitution has given
to the operations of the Government and to
the rights of citizens under it, the States, at
the same time, as States, have had a criminal
code which covered almost completely the
same class of subjects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that I ever expressed any opinions about
a bill that he has referred to as having been re-
ported here? I presume we considered it in
the Judiciary Committee, but it was never dis-
cussed in the Senate. I do not think I ever
said a word about it. I do not recollect the
circumstances about it now. It was reported
by the Senator from Vermont. I may have
given my acquiescence to the report without
examining it as particularly as I ought to have
done; but that I ever expressed any opinions
in the Senate in favor of a proposition that
would authorize the punishment of a conspir-
acy to injure the property of a man simply
because he was an officer of the United States,
when it had no connection with t'he discharge
of his duties, I deny.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, on
that denial it is a question between the record
and the recollection of my friend; that is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was not re-
ported by me, was it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, it was not; it was
reported by the honorable Senator's commit-
tee, reported with his concurrence, and the
Globe shows no dissent; and I happen to know
personally that it was reported with his con-
currence. It was taken up in the morning
