1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J99
requires it. I could give my friend a hundred
instances where what he calls a legislative dis-
cretion, but what I call an executive discretion
to act upon a contingency, and in respect to
which the person in whom the discretion is
confided must be the judge from the nature of
things as to whether the contingency has hap-
pened, has been delegated, and always must
be ; and this belongs to that class of cases.
It is a singular commentary upon this hos-
tility to having the writ of habeas corpus actu-
ally suspended under authority of law, except
in the heat of a party debate iu aud by the two
Houses of Congress, that the only time, until
the rebellion, when the writ of habeas corpus
was attempted to be suspended, it was at-
tempted in the very way that my honorable
friend wishes to have it, by the party heat of
men in the Senate introducing a bill to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus of their own
will, withdrawing from the President any right
or discretion about it at all, and they sent
it over to the other House secretly, with a
confidential message that they hoped they
would put it through; and the House spurned
it with indignation and contempt. That shows
that safety and good policy require that this
power should be vested, and in perfect con-
formity to the course of history and to the con-
stitutional declaration of analogous principles,
where the law shows it has beeu vested.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question right there, to see if
I understand him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. TE3.URM.AN. I understand him to
argue that the power can be more safely
lodged in the President than in Congress,
because of party heats that might exist in
Congress at the time the act should be passed
to suspend it. Could any act passed by Con-
gress to suspend it have any effect until it was
approved by the President?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would depend a
little, as in Mr. Johnson's time, upon how
strong the majority in Congress happened to
be. 1 was aware, without my honorable friend
reminding me of the fact—I had learned in
the course of my studies—that an act of Con-
gress usually required the approval of the
President, at least to be submitted to him,
and then to be passed, if he did not approve
it, by the constitutional majority. But my
friend cannot be ignorant of the fact, and, in
candor, 1 think he will confess it, that even in
the case of a party majority it would be one
thing to pass an act, with the approval of the
President, absolutely suspending the writ of
habeas corpus, where, if he vetoed it, he would
be obliged to fly in the face of hip party
friends, as some Presidents in old times have
been weak enough to be afraid of their party—
I am glad we have not had any lately—and
quite another to refrain from exercising a
granted power and to stand by the right,
whether particular people in the party or out
of it should like it or not. The difference
would be very great between a case of the
first kind and the passage of a law which
should confide to him, in the case of a great
public emergency, the discretion and the re-
sponsibility of doing a specific act. We know
in legislative experience that we confer by
authority upon the President, the executive
branch of the Government, many powers every
year that neither he nor we would enact as a
positive thing to be done. Government can-
not be carried on in that way.
In the instance I have referred to, the only
one in our history of an attempt to suspend
the habeas corpus by a positive act of Congress,
suspending it by force of law instead of sus-
pending it upon a state of facts that was to
arise, m the judgment of the executive depart-
ment of the Government, which is what this
bill does, it ignominiously failed, as it ought to
do. It was passed in the Burr troubles, in 1807,
by one party of the country which had control
of the Senate, in the heat of excitement, and
it was rejected by the same party, or rather
another one, in the other House, either from
the sound reason that it was the fruit of undue
excitement, or else from a similar passion upon
the other side.
Mr. BAYARD. I only wish the honorable
Senator would give us a chance to have the
same check applied to the present suspension;
then the proposition, if made by the Senate,
might meet with equal indignation in the House.
That is one of the checks on power which our
Constitution intended to give.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps it would satisfy
my friend better to have it submitted to our
friends in the minority here.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. THURMAN. It
would be in safer hands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No process that would
let one of the members of those bands down
there out of jail would be omitted, I have no
doubt.
Now, Mr. President, I have finished what I
have to say about the validity of this bill, and
I come to the objection that my honorable
friend from Illinois [Mr- Trumbull] and my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] have, that
we are undertaking to create a case of con-
structive rebellion, and that we are going be-
yond the line of safe precedent, the line of
constitutional consideration, in undertaking to
say that such and such facts shall amount to
a rebellion. I do not think it necessary to say
that myself, I should be quite as well satis-
fied, and better satisfied, with the bill as an
efficient and powerful measure in a great
emergency if it simply declared that if, in the
course of these disturbances, a case of rebel-
lion should occur, then and in that case the
President, if thepublic safety in his judgment
should require it, might suspend the writ of
habeas corpus for a limited time. The fact is,
this section has accumulated much more in the
statement of an existing condition of things
than is necessary to make a case of rebellion.
My friends have spoken as if there must be a
great civil war, that it must cover a great tract
of country, a whole State, or a whole section
of States, iu order to make a case of rebellion.
That is an entire mistake both in reason and
on authority. It has been decided by the courts
over and over again that what amounts to levy-
ing war against the United States does not
depend on the number of people engaged in
it; they may be one hundred thousand, or ten
thousand, or one hundred, or two hundred, as
my friend from California says the number is
in Alamance county, of the people for whom
he has put in so satisfactory a plea for sympa-
thy and consideration, or it may be two ; that
the levying ofwar against the United States, or
the raising of an insurrection or a rebellion,
which is another name for the same thing—an
aggravated insurrection is all there is to it—
does not in any degree depend upon the num-
ber of people who maybe concerned in it, nor
upon the extent of territory over which it may
have sway.
Why, sir, in the excellent times of the Dem-
ocratic party, a few years ago, they indicted
a man for treason and brought him to trial
before Judge Grier, up in Pennsylvania, for
being present levying war against the United
States, where a band—I will not say a band ;
I have got used to that word by hearing so
much said about the Ku Klux—where a body
of negroes, not more thau one hundred, came
in hot haste, as neighbors, to the house of an-
other negro, where an officer was endeavoring
to carry him off into slavery, and resisted with
clubs and stones and branches of trees (and I
do not know but some of them had guns—I
presume they had) the marshal of the United
States or the deputy marshal, in endeavoring
to seize and carry off that man; and Judge
Grier told the jury, reciting from all the cases
that had been determined on these subjects,
just what I have said, (and if anybody doubts
it, here is the book.) I do not want to trespass
on the patience of the Senate by reading it,
that the number of people who were engaged
in it had nothing to do with it; that the ex-
tent of territory over which they might carry
on the operation had nothing to do with it;
that treason, the levying of war against the
United States, could exist in either case, which,
of course, is greater than a mere insurrection
or a mere rebellion; and that was the ground
upon which the jury found for the poor specta-
tor who happened to be a white man and who
heard the tumult and came and stood by; but
in order to make an example for the Pennayl-
vauians, they thought it better to indict a white
man who was present, rather than to indict a
negro who was busy in the performance. The
judge told the jury, as I have said, that the
only escape for the roan would be upon the
fact, as it appeared, that he had not contem-
plated, as the purpose of his performance, the
overthrow of the Government of the United
States or the undertaking to overthrow its
laws ; that his was the mere private object, if
he was connected with it at all, of rescuing that
particular man from what he regarded as an
unlawful arrest. He might have been guilty
of aiding an insurrection or rebellion, but the
treason tor which he was prosecuted was not
necessarily the same thing.
Now, therefore, if the purpose of this con-
spiracy is that which this statute imputes to it—
and the statute does not declare that there is
any such conspiracy—we have not tried the
case in advance, as my honorable friend from
California supposes, in putting in his plea for
the criminals : we are trying no case ; we are
legislating as we always do in criminal mat-
ters, for tuture and not for past crimes—it will
be, in the contingency named, a plain case of
rebellion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I put it to my friend
whether he thinks it is fair to say twice, as he
has within ten minutes, that 1 have put in a
plea for the Ku Klux. If the Senator listened
to me, lie knows that is not a fair statement
of what I said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did listen to the honor-
able Senator, and I say upon my honor and
my conscience that I think it is perfectly (air.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the fault must be
either with my mode of expression, which I
do not think is the case, or with the gentle-
man's understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That maybe. I do not
pretend to have a very large understanding;
and as to the extent of the Senator's power of
expression, I will leave him to judge. Mr.
President, if I am any judge ot the tendency
and effect of a speech, whatever may be the
sounding of its phrases, however much it may
be tinctured with generalizations of horror at
crimes, which I have no doubt my honorable
friend feels, I think any impartial hearer of
what he has said, who belongs to no party—
I do not know but that I could leave it to my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] who as-
sumed rather a neutral ground here ; I would
leave it to anybody who is a fair judge, and
who has no prejudice—would say that the
whole tenor and effect of the Senator's speech
was a plea for the Ku Klux, for the body that
compose it, not a plea for their acts. Do not
let the Senator misunderstand me, because I
should be very sorry to feel that I bad done
him an injustice when he lias no full right of
reply ; but he must excuse me for putting my
own construction upon the tendency, not upon
the object—my friend's objeits are, as I must
suppose he thinks, always good—upon the ten-
dency of the remarks that he has addressed to
the Senate.
Every member of that organization (and I
have no doubt that thousands of them will read
it) will say to his brother as he meets him in the
woods at midnight, or lies in ambush around
the house of some citizen to slay him unawares,
because only that he is, like myself, a Ver-
monter and a Republican, as happened withir.
ten days in Florida; " We have some people
among our friends at the North who sympa-
