1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
to sugar over a fact that it would be a little
disagreeable to have stick out very prominently
as any man with whom I am acquainted. He
is a master of fence in rhetoric ; and he must
have read largely, Itakeit, of the writings ofthat
celebrated man who thought that t.he purpose
of language was not always to express ideas,
but sometimes-to conceal them. If he and his
friends are in favor of negro suffrage, let them
declare it now. If they are opposed to it and
mean to overthrow it, let them say so broadly
in the face of the Senate. If they have opinions
and designs which they wish to conceal, let
them remain silent.
Now, I say again that if there is any position
which the Democratic party occupies before
the country, and has occupied for the last ten
years, which is known and understood of all
men, it is that they were opposed first, last,
beginning, and end, through and through,
always, to the extension of the ballot to the
negro anywhere and in any State. Possibly,
when I say " in any State," in some one of
the northwestern States, I may have stated it
too largely. Let me tell my honorable friends
that if they would manfully take the position
to-day and declare here publicly, and in lan-
guage that their southern friends could under-
stand, that they are in favor of negro suffrage
being preserved as the Constitution preserves
it, as a right which no man, Democrat or Re-
publican, Ku Klux or southern, should be
permitted to assault with impunity, the list
of murders for the next two months would be
considerably reduced in the southern States,
it is probably true that the list of Democratic
majorities would be considerably reduced in
the few States where they have them also.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator will allow
me to say that he still has failed to put his
finger on any language of mine that proves me
to sympathize with the Ku Klux in their hatred
of negroes or in their hatred of negro suf-
frage. If the Senator is not able to make good
that accusation he ought not to repeat it, for
the reason that he must know that unless it is
true, and clearly true, to accuse a member of
the Senate of sympathy with a gang of men
who undoubtedly have been guilty of murder
and other crimes under circumstances most
aggravating is a thing that ought not to be
suffered by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know exactly 
Mr. CASSERLY. What I mean to say is,
that it is a thing which is trespassing on the
rights of the Senator who is attacked.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is mistaken
if he supposes I have attacked him. I have
no attack to make on the Senator. He has just
as good a right to his opinion as I have to
mine. I am a Democrat in the true sense on
that point; that is, a northern Democrat in a
Republican State. The southern ones do
not think so, I believe. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I repeat, whether my ftiend
is satisfied with it or not, what I said before,
that the whole tenor of the speech of my hon-
orable friend was precisely what I have stated;
and that is, that it was a speech of sympathy
with the causes—I used before the word " in-
ducements," and if it will please my~friond
any better I will use that word now—with the
inducements upon which these gangs of men
and conspiracies, if there are any such, which
my friend seems now to confess there are,
affect to found their grievances, which are a
justification or an apology to them, not to my
friend, for the shocking and systematic out-
rages they commit. And my friend lias had
the opportunity three times r.ow, in pleading
not guilty to that arraignment in the form that
he says I made it, to tell us what his opinion
on the subject of negro suffrage is, but he
has not told us.
Mr. POMEROY. Ask him now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have asked him, and
I have asked my friends on the other side as
a body, one and all, to get up and declare here
if they will—and I will give them ten minutes
of time each, if the patience'of the Senate will
allow it—whether they are in favor as a body,
as a matter of justice and right, or as a matter
of policy, if not of justice and right, faithfully
and honorably and fully to guaranty and to
secure to the negro in every State and every-
where the free and uninterrupted right of the
ballot.
Mr. BLAIR. I responded the other day to
that question when it was asked me by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in a speech
that I had the honor to make. I do not know
whether it attracted the attention of the Sen-
ator from Vermont or not.. I said what I be-
lieved to be true, that the people of the South
were willing to give a fair trial to negro suf-
frage, and not to deny to the negroes the right
given to them by the fifteenth amendment,
until it was found that with that suffrage the
institutions of the country could not bo pre-
served, when I believed that constitutional
measures would be taken to preserve the insti-
tutions of the country, whether negro suffrage
was destroyed or not. That is what I said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President; I
think I can comprehend the answer, which is
not an answer to the question that I asked, as
to what the Democratic party was for; but he
says he believes that the people of the South
are willing to give the experiment of negro
suffrage a -fair trial.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes; and I added that the
trial had been had here in the District of
Columbia, where Senators had acquired prop-
erty, where streets for miles and miles had
been laid out at the expense of the city, upon
which there were no houses, and they had
found it very convenient to take away negro
suffrage and the power to rob and destroy the
property of the citizens.
Jlr. EDMUNDS. So much the better, Mr.
President; that is franker still. The position
of my honorable friend, and I suppose of his
party, is that he is willing that the people of
the South should give to negro suffrage a fair
trial until it shall be found, as he says it has
been now found 
Mr. BLAIR. By Congress, by yourself
and others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To be a failure. The
interjection of the Senator is a total error. I
understand the Senator. If he will possess his
soul in patience he will see that I will not do
him injustice. He and h is party are willing that
their southern friends should allow the negro
to have a fair trial, under the Constitution, of
voting like other men, until it shall be found,
as it has been found, as he wrongly asserts,
by Congress, that they are not entitled to it,
and that the institutions of the country cannot
be preserved by it; that is to say, the Demo-
cratic party wa3 willing to give to the southern
colored population and the colored population
of the other States the right to vote under the
thirteenth amendment until last month, when
the District government here was changed
from a municipal to a territorial one; that is
to say, in his judgment, it has been determ-
ined and is certain already that the institu-
tions of the country are hot safe under the
exercise of such a power, and that it ought to
be reversed and gotten rid of; and he states
it with the frankness that belongs to a gentle-
man and a man of honor.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 am sorry to see that the
gentleman is not so frank as he is pleased to
compliment me with being. I said that Con-
gress had so found. The Senator, among
others, had found it necessary to lay restric-
tions on the suffrage, negro suffrage among
the rest, in order to preserve the property of
this citv from confiscation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an entire mistake,
but I am very glad to hear the application of
the Senator for mitigation of seutence. Per-
haps it ought to be considered a little. He
and his friends again are in favor of allowing
the southern people (whom he distinguishes
from the negro people) to give to the negro
people the right to vote until it shall be found
that their institutions cannot go on; and he
says 
Mr. BLAIR. I dislike to interrupt the Sen-
ator, but I will say that he asked me what
were the opinions of the Democrats. I simply
answered what I believed were the opinions
of the southern people, and I told him what I
believed their opinion was upon this subject.
That is all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good. Now, if my
friend will give me part of the time, I will try
to state what I understand his position to be.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well; I will not inter-
rupt the gentleman further. I thought he called
for the interruption.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes; I wished, though,
to finish the sentence I was expressing.
Now, Mr. President, the position again is—
and I do not wish the honorable Senator, unless
he is desirous of withdrawing it, to put him-
self out of the fair view of it—his position and
that of his party is, as I understand him, and if
I have understood his letters and his speeches
and the speclies of his party friends, what he
has now stated again—the variation of the
phrase makes no difference—that he is willing
that the experiment of negro suffrage shall be
tried with the southern people, and by the
southern people, if he pleases to have it in that
way, until it shall be found that their institu-
tions cannot go on safely with it 
Mr. MORTON. And they are to be the
judges.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I state my friend
fairly ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, how
are we to find it? Has not my friend, in a
speech that has occupied more than one day
in delivery, endeavored to show that one of
the great causes of the present disorders in the
southern States was this very negro equality;
the power of the negroes to put themselves into
office; the power of the negroes to tax the com-
munity to support education and justice; the
power of the negroes, as he expresses it, to
have a corrupt Legislature—a power which does
not belong to the negro or the Republican, I
admit. It only belongs to the white men and
Democrats in the State of New York, where
my friend's party is pretty strong at this pres-
ent time. Boss Tweed and Peter B. Sweeney,
with their allies, are the only class of people
in a great State, and with white men, who are
entitled to have corrupt Legislatures without
changing the ballot; but if it happens that in
some southern State the colored man, if it be
him, has imitated the vices of some of his
northern brothers in the Legislature, then it
is time to break down negro suffrage. That is
the position of the Senator and his party, and
they are welcome to it, even from their own
point of view.
But who is it my friend intends to decide
whether this experiment is a failure or not?
The very men who have complained from first
to last that it was an outrage upon them that it
was resorted to; that it must be a failure; that
it ought to be reversed ; who appealed to my
honorable friend and his party in the last presi-
dential campaign to take measures to reverse
it; and a party that intended—I will not say
by arms—but a party that intended by some
means—and when that party wants to^ do any-
thing it generally finds the constitutional
means somewhere—by all constitutional means
to reverse what the Republican party had done,
as one of the fruits of the war ; to reverse all
reconstruction, and to remit the southern peo-
ple, as my friend calls them, to wit, the south-
ern rebels, because the great mass of white
society were rebels in one way or another, to
their rights, and those rights, as they call them,
were rights that recognized no equality in tha
negro, either in a civil or a political sense.
That is the position; and the trouble is—'my
friend says that is the cause of these Ku Klux
that the people who compose the ruling classes
