1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
which was in section three, lines three and
four, to strike out the words "so far obstruct
or hinder the execution of the laws thereof
and of the United States as to."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am authorized by the
committee to recommend that the amendments
to this section be. changed a little, so as to
accommodate difficulties that gentlemen ex-
pressed to the form in which we made the
amendments, so as to leavethe words which the
Secretary has read to stand, and then to agree
to the amendment in the sixth line and dis-
agree to the amendment in the seventh, and
then to insert after the word "cases," in line
fifteen, so as to get rid of the conjunction that
we leave in, these words:
Or whenever any such insurrection, violence, un-
lawful combination, or conspiracy shall oppose or
obstruct the laws of the United States or the duo
execution thereof, or impede or obstruct the due
course of justice under the same—
That is, under the laws of the United States;
and then the bill proceeds—
it shall be lawful for the President, &e.
I hope, therefore, that this first amendment
•will be disagreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment will be regarded as disagreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 suggest, however, that
the word "far" in line three be stricken out,
to make it read accurately.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to understand
that. Is the pending amendment, to strike
out the words which have been read, agreed to?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; my proposition is
to disagree to that pending amendment to
strike oat those words, and then to strike out
the word "far" in the third line as a mere
matter of taste.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care about the
"far;" that is a mere verbal criticism.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, in the sixth line,
we wish to have amendments, inserting the
words "or protection" and the words "the
Constitution," in the sixth line, agreed to.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to those amendments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there is none.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the words " orprotection " and " the
Constitution," in the sixth line, will be regarded
as agreed to. They are agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the amendments in
the seventh and eighth lines are disagreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words " or
obstruct the equal and impartial course of
justice" will be disagreed to. And now in
regard to the words in brackets in the twelfth
and thirteenth lines?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That amendment ought
to be agreed to. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it.
The Chief Clerk. In section three, lines
eleven, twelve, and thirteen, it is proposed to
strike out the words "and shall fail or neglect,
through the proper authorities, to apply to
the President of the United States for aid in
that behalf."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no division be
demanded that will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a very important
amendment, and I should like to know what is
the understanding on the subject of discuss-
ing amendments. There was some colloquy
this morning, there was some understanding as
to allowing some discussion on amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Cali-
fornia wishes to understand 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer in regard to the point as to discussing
amendments as he has the text of the agree-
ment of yesterday in the Globe containing the
debate. The amendments can only be debated
by unanimous consent. The Senator from
California himself desired that one hour should
be allowed for general debate on amendments,
and the Senator from Vermont and others
objected.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir 
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Chair
stated that by unanimous consent any Senator
could speak on an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The conversation to
which I referred took place at another time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was a sug-
gestion of the Senator from Illinois in regard
to what was the ancient usage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will certainly be
no objection to the unanimous consent of the
Senate which was given to the Senator from
Wisconsin to ask the Senator from Vermont
what he means by striking out those words.
Nobody will object to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Every Senator can read the
amendments, and I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the Sen-
ator would object to having it understood what
was meant by striking out the words.
Mr. CASSERLY. The conversation to
which I referred was one that originated in a
suggestion by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] that he desired to offer an amend-
ment, on which, he said, he would need a few
minutes, probably fifteen, to make an explan-
ation, and that it was said by the Senator
from Vermont that there would be no objection
to areasonable period being allowed to explain
an amendment, confining yourself to that. I
am not certain whether there was any general
consent then given by the Senator from Ver-
mont, as to other amendments either in the
printed bill or to be offered outside of the
bill with, regard to discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All that I said referred
to the offering by Senators of peffectly fresh
amendments that had not been open to inspec-
tion before ; and I said that no doubt unani-
mous consent would then be given that the
Senator offering such an amendment might
explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But unanimous
consent was declined at the time, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio reserved his request until the
committee's amendments should be disposed
of, when, he said, he would ask unanimous
consent of the Senate to explain his amend-
ment,, it being new. The question now is on
striking out the words printed in brackets from
the eleventh to the thirteenth line of the third
section, as reported by the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no disposition to
detain the Senate on the subject, and I will
merely ask for the yeas and nays on striking
out those words.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLINQ-. I ask that the words may
be read which it is moved to strike out.
The Chief Clerk. In section three, lines
eleven, twelve, and thirteen, it is proposed to
strike out the words 1' and shall fail or neglect,
through the proper authorities, to apply to the
President of the United States for aid in that
behalf."
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 51, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Borcman, Brown
low. Buckingham, Caldwell. Cameron. Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Oonkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Freliughuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan. Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Logjan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ol Vermont,Morton, jNye,0-<bora, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ram-ey, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, TruinbuU, West, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, C.isserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, JDavis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, J ohnston, Kelly, Sauls bury, Steven-
son, Stockton, i'hurman, and Vickers—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Kellogg, and Sprague—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In that same connection,
although it is perhaps not quite regular, but
to finish this matter, I now move from the
committee to insert after the word "cases,"
in line fifteen of the third section, these words:
Or whenever any such insurrection, violence,
unlawful combination, or conspiracy shall oppose
or obstruct the laws of the United States or the due
execution thereof, or impede or obstruct the duo
course of justice under Che same.
Mr. THURMAN. Did I understand that to
be moved from the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is moved with the con-
currence of those gentlemen of the committee
whom I have been able to consult with here.
Mr. THURMAN. It is the first I evej
heard of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought I explained
that when I was up before. I said that, in
order to accommodate objections that were
made, (and I do not know but some that were
made by my friend from Ohio,) the phraseology
was changed, and those words at the upper part
of the section were taken out there and put in
at the bottom, which is a change o,f phraseology
to make the section more agreeable to its
opponents.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a new amendment,
and I want to understand it better than I do
now. I do not know what the effect of it will
be. It is a new amendment, in manuscript, and
I ask that it be reported.
The amendment was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is no objection
on the part of any gentleman, as this is a new
amendment I will explain in an instant what
it means.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from Vermont explaining
the amendment? The Chair hears none.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is to meet the views
of those who thought, the amendments of the
committee in the third and fourth and in the
sixth and seventh lines were too harsh, and
that they authorized the use of the military in
aid of the courts of justice in too easy a case
as the committee first reported the section.
We therefore concluded to leave those words
stand as they were in the House bill in that
part of the section where they are in the con-
junctive, which would not allow the Uni-
ted States to interfere if their own laws were
opposed, unless the State laws were also; and
in order to get rid of that difficulty we have
added words referring solely to the laws of the
United States and the courts of the United
States after the word "case3." That is all
there is in the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The cniep Clerk. In section four, lines
thirty-one and thirty-two, it is proposed to
strike out the words "the 1st day of June,
A. D. 1872," and in lieu thereof to insert
"the end of the next regular session of Con-
gress;" so that the proviso will read :
And provided also. That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not be in force after the end of the next
regular session of Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to move an
amendment to this amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but the
Senator from California has asked for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I propose to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
"end" and inserting "of the Forty-Second
Congress;" so that it will read, "after the end
of the Forty-Second Congress," instead of
" after the end of the next regular session of
Congress."
The VICSPRESIDENT. The question is
first on the amendment to the amendment,
extending the time for the operation of this
section to the end of the present Congress.
Mr. CASSEBLY. Then it will be in ordei
to move to strike out afterward?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
of the Senator from Indiana is an amendment
to an amendment.
