ro4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. CASSERLY. But if that should be
adopted it would be in o^Jer to move to strike
out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To strike out the whole
seel,ion?
Mr. CASSERLY. It would be in order to
move to non-concur in the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
would then recur on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be in order, after
this amendment is adopted, to move to strike
out the fourth section entirely, will it not ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
Senator from Indiana moves to amend the
amendment of the committee so as to extend
the operation of this section to the end of the
present Congress, the 4th of March, 1873.
Mr. THURMAN. Until after the next
presidential election.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted'—yeas 23, nays 42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Tiro wnlow.Caidwel 1,0h an fi-
ler. Clayton, Cole, Corbett, Oragin, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
West, and Wright—23.
N AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
.Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan. Freiinshuysen,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz. Scott, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Yickers, Wilson, and Windom—-12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fen ton, Perry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Kellogg, and Sprague—5.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on tlie amendment of the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to move to
amend by striking out the entire proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will have to be reserved until the pro-
viso is perfected. The question is on the
amendment proposed by the committee upon
which the Senator from California demanded
the yeas and nays. Does he still demand
them?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do, on the amendment
as proposed by the committee.
. The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 44, nays 17; as follows:
Xf! AS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Borernan, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, liamsey. Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, W est. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of Wo*t Virginia, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Viokers—IT.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Hill, Kellogg, Morton,
Pomeroy, and Sprague—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section six, line three,
after the words ''based upon" to insert l,or
arising under;" so as to read:
That no person shall be a grand or petit juror in
any court of the United States upon any inquiry,
bearing, or trial of any suit, proceeding, or prosecu-
tion based upon or arising under the provisions of
tins act who shall, in the judgment of the court, be
in complicity with any such combination or con-
spiracy.
1 he amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on the Judi-
oiary have now been gone through with.
( Mr. EDMUNDS. I have one amendment
which, on consulting with the members of the
committee whom I could find to-day inahurry,
has been suggested, to which I presume there
will be no objection, and I should like to offer
it now, before the general amendments are
taken up, although, in a strict sense, it_ does
not come from a meeting of the committee,
but from a consultation among gentlemen on
theeommittee. I move after the word "laws,"
in line forty-three of section two on page 3,
to insert these words :
Or by force,intimidation, orthreats to prevent any
citizen of the United States lawfully entitled to vote
from giving his supDort or advocacy, in a lawful
manner, toward or in favor of the election of any
lawfully qualified person as an elector of President
or Vice President of the United States, or as a mem-
ber of the Congress of the United States, or to in-
jure any such citizen in his person or property on
account of such support or advocacy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There ought not to be
any objection to that, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on this amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a new amend-
ment, and rather a long one, and I should like
to have it read again.' Am I correct in under-
standing that it comes from the committee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont stated that it did not come from the
committee, but from a conference of members
of the committee, the committee not having
agreed upon it in a regular committee meet-
ing. The amendment will be read, at the
request of the Senator from California.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida [Mr. Osbokx] offered last night an
amendment to strike out the latter clause of
the sixth section of the bill, in these words:
And the act entitled "An act defining additional
causes of challenge and prescribing an additional
oath for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts," approved June 17, 1862, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. OSBORN. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it a recommend-
ation of the committee to strike out these
words ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
amendment is offered by the Senator from
Florida.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
The roll-call having been concluded,
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to make an
inquiry as to the law now. Does the present
law make the test-oath imperative in the case
ofjurors?
Mr. OSBORN. It does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is only permissive,
I vote " yea."
Mr. THURMAN. It is imperative; the
juror must take it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator who
has charge of the bill how it is ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law leaves it dis-
cretionary with the district attorney to make
the challenge or not. He may make the chal-
lenge if he thinks proper.
Mr. CARPENTER. It does not relate to
the test-oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not in the words
of the test-oath, but the language of this oath
is very similar to that.
Mr. CARPENTER. It simply creates a
cause of challenge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A cause of challenge
on one side, the side of the United States, at
the instance of the district attorney.
Mr. CONIvLlNG. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the roll-call, but 1 have here the statute,
and if any Senator has voted under a misap-
prehension it can be read. It is not peremp-
tory but permissive, and if any Senator doubts
that let the statute be read.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent, before the voie in announced, to state
how this matter is.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Let the vote be an-
nounced, and then a motion to reconsider can
be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. We are now in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and this matter can be con-
sidered again in the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
The result "was announced—yeas 29, nays
33; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Nye,Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rice, Seott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard,Blair,Buckingham, Cald-
well, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Hamil-
tonof Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Stevonson,
Stockton, Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull. Vickers,
West, Windom, and Wright—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Kellogg, Pool, Ramsey,
and Sprague—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment offered last night by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which he
asks unanimous consent, the Chair under-
stands, to explain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have modified it in two
or three verbal respects, and I will send the
modified copy to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment, as modified, pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add to the bill the following section:
Sec. —. That if any house, tenement, cabin, shop,
building, barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or
feloniously demolished, pulled down, burned, or
destroyed, wholly or m part, by any persons riot-
ously and tumultuously a&sembled together; or if
any person shall unlawfully and with force and vio-
lence be whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed by
any persons riotously and tumultuously assembled
together; and if such offense was committed to de-
prive any person of any right conferred upon him
by the Constitution and laws of the United States,
or to deter him or punish him for exercising any
such right, or by reason of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, in every such case the
inhabitants of the county, city, or parish in which
any of the said offenses shall be committed shall be
liable to pay full compensation to the person or
persons damnified by such offense if living, or to his
legal representative if dead; and. such compensation
may be recovered by such person or his represent-
ative by a suit in any court of the United States of
competent jurisdiction in the district in which the
offense was committed, to be in the name of the per-
son injured, or his legal representative, and against
said county, city, or parish; and execution may be
issued on a judgment rendered in such suit, and may
be levied upon any property, real or personal, of
any person in said county, city, or parish; and the
said county, cit^, or parish may recover the full
amount of said judgment, cost, and interest from
any person or persons engaged as principal or acces-
sory in such riot, in an action in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to address them for not to exceed
ten minutes in order to refer to the origin of
this law, so that they can have the facts before
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent to speak ten
minutes in explanation of this amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give five minutes
but not ten.
Mr. SHERMAN. All right.
Mr. THURMAN. I certainly do not object
to that, but it would be but fair to give some
time to state the objections to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thtjemajt] desire five minutes
to reply?
Mr. THURMAN. It depends on how long
my colleague will take.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five minutes is all I can
get.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will evidently open
debate, and I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan object to any debate?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is ob-
jected to; and the question is on agreeing to the
