1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
rected my misapprehension. If it was under-
stood that such a hill as that could be reported
from the Judiciary Committee as a proper bill
under the restrictive rule, certainly it can be
offered as an amendment to the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; letusgo on;
we have had enough of this.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope this motion
will not be pressed. I have already indicated
on several occasions that I shall ask the Sen-
ate to take up the amendment to the restrictive
rule immediately after this bill is disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN. As I made the appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and intend to
withdraw it, I beg leave to say a very few
words, and I shall not occupy two minutes'
time in saying them.
In the first place, I will say that I did not
understand our unanimous agreement to take
the vote on this bill and amendments without
debate as precluding debate on an appeal from
a decision of the Chair on a question of order.
In the second place, I wish to say that I do
not interpret the restrictive rule as the Chair
does, and I hope that at the proper time the
Senate will not so consider it; but I do say
that I have very serious doubts whether it is
in order to move as an amendment to a bill
that can pass by a majority a proposition which
requires two thirds. That would require two
thirds to pass a bill which under the Constitu-
tion could pass by a majority. I now withdraw
the appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had
not reached that point. The Chair must decide,
as the Senator from Ohio has suggested, if any
proposition requiring two thirds was placed
on this bill, the entire bill must require a two-
thirds vote or it could not be regarded as
passed.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer this amendment as
a proviso to the amendment adopted on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man :]
Provided, however, That no execution shall issue
against the property of any person, nor shall the
same besoldunderanyjudginentagainstany county,
city, or parish, unless it shall appear by the judg-
ment of some court of competent jurisdiction that
such person shall have been guilty of aiding or
abetting the act or acts for which compensation is
claimed, as provided in tliis section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, out of abun-
dance of caution I propose to insert on line
twenty-six of section four, after the word
"force," the words "in every State." My
reason for doing that is that by adverting to
the statute of 1863 it will be found that it
applied to particular States, and I wish its
provisions to extend to all the States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. Aftertheword "force,"
in the twenty-sixth line of the fourth section,
it is proposed to insert the words "in every
State;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That all the provisions of the second
section of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
coipus, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved March 3,1863, which relate
to the discharge of prisoners other than prisoners
of war, and to the penalty for refusing to obey the
order of the court, shall be in full force in every
State so far as the same are applicable to the pro-
visions of this section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done.
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes
eighteen, noes not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Robertson] reserves the
amendment adopted on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] desiring to
offer ah amendment to it. Is there any other
amendment reserved? If not, theother amend-
ments will be regarded as concurred in ; and
the question now is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out on the second
page, commencing in line twenty-one, all down
to line twenty-four.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina moves to amend the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole by
striking out the words which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be stricken out are :
And execution may be issued on a judgment ren-
dered in such suit, and may be levied upon any
property, real or personal of any person in said
county, city, or parish.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
amendment in the twenty-sixth line, by insert-
ing after the word "interest" the words
"when so satisfied ;" so as to make it read,
"and the said county, city, or paiish may
recover the full amount of said judgment, costs,
and interest, when so satisfied that is, when
they have actually paid it, so as to avoid any
possible misconstruction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is the mean-
ing of it now, but I have no objection to the
modification.
Mr. THURMAN. "When so satisfied" is
satisfied by taking the property of some indi-
vidual, and then, instead of giving him a right
to recover, you give the county a right to re-
cover. That is the way the thing stands. It
is simply absurd.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. It is certainly
subject to the criticism of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, then; the
whole section is subject to that same criticism.
I will modify the amendment so as to please
my honorable friend from New Jersey, by pro-
posing to insert after the word "parish," in
the twenty-fifth line, the words "if such judg-
ment shall be satisfied out of its property."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not necessary,
because the common law gives a remedy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Ohio is
dissatisfied, and I withdraw the whole amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I have no objection
to it, although I do not think it is necessary.
My remark was rather in reply to the remark
of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. BLAIR. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri objects to debate, and debate is not
in order except by unanimous consent, in the
opinion of the Chair, unless Senators them-
selves see fit to violate the agreement.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Would it be in order
now to move to strike out the whole of the
section offered by the Senator from Ohio?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to it, and disagreeing to it
would be rejecting it. The question is on con-
curring in this amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On that question I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken.
Mr. CONKLING, (when his name was
called.) I will vote "yea," because I assume
that the Senate will amend this section after-
ward.
The result was announced—yeas 38, nays
24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman.Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmundft, Ker-
ry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, lla-uilin,
Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton. Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wilson, Window, and
Wright—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Srelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton,)
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—24.
ABSliKT—Messrs. denton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, and Sprague—8.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill in the section just added to it by insert-
ing after the word "parish," in the twenty-
fifth line, the words " which may have satis-
fied said judgment, or the person out of whose
property such judgment may have been satis-
fied, as the case may be."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order, to move
to amend an amendment already agreed to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, to add cer-
tain words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the amendment was
made in Committee of the Whole, and has
now been agreed to in the Senate. Is it still
in order to amend it?
Mr. POMEROY. It has become part of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now the
same as the original text of the bill, which is
of course open to amendment. The only dif-
ference made is that this section having been
inserted, it cannot now be struck out; but
words can be added to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Do I understand the Chair
to rule that an amendment adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole and concurred in in the
Senate in totidem verbis is now subject to
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By adding words.
Mr. HAMLIN. At the end of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or adding in the middle
of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is changing the text.
I will not raise the point here ; but if it is to
be done, let it be done by unanimous consent,
and let us not override the law that has always
prevailed in this Senate ever since it has been
a legislative body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Maine
astounds mc. The law is right the other way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Letus do it by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us know what the
rul© is
The' VICE PRESIDENT. The rule has
been so repeatedly stated in decisions, that
words can be added to amendments previously
agreed to, that the Chair thinks the Senator
from Maine must certainly have known of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Chair will look at
the authorities, he will see that there is no
such parliamentary law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the* pending
question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maine is correct, the amendment already
agreed to is totally unamendable.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly; it is totally un-
amendable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No words can
be added to the end of it, even. Is that the
opiniou of the Senator from Maine?
Mr. HAMLIN. You can add new words that
have no connection with the words already
agreed to, but you cannot change one word of
the text already agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then words can
be added at the end, but not in any other part
of the amendment already agreed to. The
Chair is not aware of that rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair has decided
the question; let us have the amendment
voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
