708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
on agreeing to the amendment just moved by
the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to add to
the end of the section, in order to agree with
my friend from Maine, the words " and the
person out of whose property such judgment
shall have been satisfied shall, in such case,
have contribution as at common law."
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not that the case now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be, but we do not
want any criticism about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on this amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
by adding to the amendment as it now stands,
it having been amended, the words " and the
circuit court of the United States for the
proper district shall have jurisdiction of such
actions."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That can be added after
my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont withdraw his amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No,sir; this is proposed
as an amendmenttoiny amendment, as Iunder-
stand, which I agree to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont accepts it. The Secretary will report
the amendment as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And the person out of whose property such judg-
ment shall have been satisfied shall, in such case,
have contribution as at common law; and the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the proper district
shall have jurisdiction of such actions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I renew the motion to strike
out the concluding part of the sixth section ;
that is, all of the section after the word
"crime," in the thirteenth line. I think per-
haps the motion was not understood before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana renews the amendment which was
moved in Committee of the Whole by the Sen-
ator from Florida to strike out the concluding
part of the sixth section of the bill, being that j
clause which repeals the test-oath for jurors
in the United States courts.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the unanimous agreement or even to
ask any consent to waive it. I simply say that
I have here the statute which that section pro-
poses to repeal, and if any Senator wishes to
hear it read the Secretary may read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the wish
of the Senate to have the statute which is
sought to be repealed read ?
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is to be a gen-
eral debate about it I am willing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to the Sen-
ator that I do not want to have it read; but I
suggested that I was willing to have it read if
any Senator desired to hear it. I know what it
is; I do not want to hear it read; but I thought
some Senator might wish to hear the statute
which it is proposed to repeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana, to strike out the concluding lines of the
sixth section, being that part of the section
which repeals the law as to the test-oath for
grand and petit juries in the courts of the
United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that in order? Has not
that amendment been voted upon?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was voted
upon in Committee of the Whole, but it can
be renewed in the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Ithink the Senate ought
to have no controversy as to what that statute
is. I think that ought to be understood.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I propose to send
up the statute and have it read. I understood
a Senator over the way to object to having it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the reading by the Secretary of the statute
proposed to be repealed ? The Chair hears no
objection, and the Secretary will report it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
act of Congress of June 17, 1862:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That in addition to the existing causes of
disqualification and challenge of grand and petit
jurors in the courts of the United States, the follow-
ing are hereby declared and established, namely:
without duress and coercion to have taken up arms,
or to have joined any insurrection and rebellion,
against the United States; to. have adhered to any
rebellion, giving it aid and comfort; to have given,
directly or indirectly, any assistance in money, arms,
horses, clothes, or anything whatever, to or for the
use or benefit of any person or persons whom the
person giving such assistance knew to have joined,
or to be about to join, any insurrection or rebellion,
or to have resisted, or to be about to resist with force
of arms the execution of the laws of the United
States, or whom he had good ground to believe bad
joined, or was about to join, any insurrection or
rebellion, or had resisted, or was about to resist, with
force of arms, the execution of the laws of the United
States, and to have counseled and_ advised any per-
son or persons to join any insurrection and rebellion,
or to resist with force of arms the laws of the United
"Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted. That at each and
every term of any court of the United States the
district attorney, or other person acting for and on
behalf of the United States in said court, may move,
and the court in their discretion may require the
clerk to tender to each and every person who may
be summoned to serve as a grand or petit juror or
venireman or talesman in said court the following
oath or affirmation, namely; 'You do solemnly
swear.'"
Mr. CONKLING. The oath itself need not
be read. The words of the first part of the
section show that it is permissive merely.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not so ; and if Sen-
ators will make that assertion I must claim the
right to correct it.
Mr. STEWART. Let the section be read
again.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the first clause of
the second section be read.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not talking about
the second section. The first section makes
any of the matters therein contained a principal
cause of challenge ; and every Senator knows
well enough that what is a principal cause of
challenge gives no discretion to the court.
The fact being found, either party challenging,
the court is obliged to sustain the principal
cause of challenge.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not' imitate the
Senator in making an argument in spite of the
understanding of the Senate. I simply remind
him that the question, was whether the impo-
sition of this oath was peremptory or permis-
sory ; and I say expressly it is within the dis-
cretion of the court to order the oath to be ten-
dered or not.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not so; and it
requires a good deal of boldness to say it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think it is worth
while to be astonished at anything after what
we have heard asserted here to-day. Mr.
President, it is quite obvious that the Senator
from Ohio is right. It is impossible for any
judge to exercise any discretion in the enforce-
ment of that statute, and for this reason : if he
orders it to be applied to one man he must
apply it to all. So, too, as to the district
attorney ; if he requires it as to one juror he
must require it as to all. Consequently, in its
practical effect it is obligatory. I desire to
say now that I do not know how my objection
to that reading was withdrawn; it certainly
was not done by me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio who sits near to the Senator from Cali-
fornia rose and stated that he desired the sec-
tion be read. The Chair then asked if there
was objection to its being read ; and the Chair
thinks that Senators near the Senator from
California must have heard the Chair ask that
question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not doubt that the
Chair asked it, but I did not hear it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to farther debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust the Chair under-
stands that I never want any indorsement of
his word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He did not re-
peat the request from the Chair until the Sen-
ator from Ohio suggested that the section
should be read. There may have been a mis-
understanding ; but the Chair asked whether
there was objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course the Chair
understands that I accept his statement of
what took place with perfect cheerfulness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, The
Senator from Indiana moves to strike from the
bill that part of it of which the Senate are now
well advised, relative to the oath of jurors in
the United States courts. The question is on
the amendment to strike out that clause from
the bill.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the yeas
and nays are taken, the Chair desires to state,
as a matter of justice to the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] that on reflection he is
satisfied that Senator is correct in what he
stated a while ago as to the rule, that after au
amendment is agreed to amendments to it
must be inserted at the end, according to the
practice, and not in the middle of it. That is
the rule as to an amendment which has been
previously agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, I hope, does not
reverse the vote of the Senate on that particu-
lar amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not, in
the opinion of the Chair; there was no objection
to it. The Chair says this simply in justice to
the Senator from Maine. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett.Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Frelinghuysen, (xilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Lewi-, Morton, Nye, Usborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,Ramsey,Rice,Scott,Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
WestVirginia, Hamilton of Mary land, Hill, Johnston,
Kelly. Logan. Robertson, Sauisbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurruan, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, Windom, and Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Spencer, Sprague,
and West—-11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. MORTON asked for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPENCER. I am requested by the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] to
state that he has been confined to his house
by illness for several days. Although quite
unwell, be came here this afiernoon in order
to vote on the bill; but he was obliged to leave,
being unable to wait here longer.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 had intended to vote
for this bill and desired to do so; but the
striking out of the last clause of the sixth sec-
tion, thereby making it necessary that every
man in the South, before sitting on a jury in
the United States courts shall take the test-
oath, will prevent my voting for the passage of
the bill. The sixth section ofthe bill provides ;
Every such juror shall, before entering upon any
such inquiry, hearing, or trial, take and subscribe aa
oath in open court that he has never, directly or
indirectly, counseled, advised, or voluntarily aided
any such combination or conspiracy; and each and
every person who shall take this oath, and shall
therein swear falsely, shall be guilty of perjury.
