1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men thus thrust into the General Assembly of
a State to elect Senators, and we have no
power to go behind the mere formal certificate
of return made by the Governor, then this
Government may be easily overthrown. Here
the allegation is made that in large portions of
the State of Alabama a quasi war, amounting
to a denial to those people of the right to vote,
was in full force ; and tuat statement is signed
by forty five members of the senate and
house of representatives of Alabama.
Now, the general historical facts prevailing
in tl? i outh, especially in the State of Ala-"
bama, during the last year are matters of
public notoriety which we, as Senators, are
bound to notice. We also remember the state-
ments which have been made here upon the
floor as to this State, that in certain counties
actual terror reigned supreme, and that men
who were elected by this force and fraud and
terror participated in the election of the gen-
tleman who presents himself here as Senator
from the State of Alabama. If this be true,
it does seem to me that the Senate of the Utti-
ted^tates have the right to examine into the
facts before.they admit a gentleman on this
floor who holds his seat solely by the vote of
men thus thrust into the General Assembly
of Alabama by force and fraud.
There is one other point made by these peti-
tioners that is rather indefinite; that is, they
allege that this gentleman is himself under dis-
abilities, or rather they call our attention to the
allegation that he may be under disabilities.
They allege, first, that persons who participated
in the election of Mr. Goldthwaite, members
of the General Assembly of Alabama, were
laboring under disabilities, and therefore could
not hold the office of member of the Legisla-
ture, and that he himself was laboring under
disability. This point is not sufficiently stated,
standing by itself, to cause much inquiry, but
the allegation, as I understand, is this: that
before the fourteenth amendment was adopted
Mr. Goldthwaite, who participated in the rebel-
lion to some extent—I do not know to what
extent—had his disabilities removed by one
of the general acts passed by Congress ; that
this act relieving him from disability was passed
before the fourteenth amendment took effect;
and that he never has been relieved from the
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment. This is a fact attested by the records, a
fact which I am not now prepared to go into,
a fact proper for inquiry. Whether a bill re-
lieving him from disability which passed before
the fourteenth amendment was adopted could
have a subsequent operation relieving from
disabilities that at that time Congress had 110
right to relieve him from is a question I do not
wish to inquire into. That is a question proper
for the Judiciary Committee.
I think, upon the facts thus stated by these
memorialists, we are bound to give to this case
a fair inquiry before this gentleman is sworn
into office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not propose to pro-
long this discussion at this time, for we are all
weary, and rest and reflection are probably
the things most needed for ourselves and our
constituency. But 1 wish to say to my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Thcrman] that I think he
must have forgotten when he supposes that
the late Judiciary Committee of the Senate, of
the last Congress, were unanimous upon the
question that we had no right, in inquiring into
the election and qualifications of members of
this body, to go to the very bottom of the truth
in exercising that duty. My friend from Ohio
must remember that I have maintained the
opposite of that proposition ; and it seems to
me that it is perfectly plain that no language
could have been employed in the Constitution
more apt to state that power than that which
has been used ; and that is, that we shall
inquire into tLe qualifications and elections
of the members of this body.
Then the question is, where are you to stop
in inquiring into an election? Sir, you are to
stop when you have reached the end of the
truth under the theory of our laws upon such
subjects. If you are stopped by the fact that
you are met by the broad seal of a State, then
you have 110 inquiry at all'into the election.
There is no limitation in the Constitution
upon this power. It is a power which is
intended to be exhaustive, intended to be
unlimited, to reach the real truth of any case
that may be presented ; and in reaching that
we have a right, and it is our duty, in a proper
case, to go to the ultimate question of the
method of election erf" the persons who are to
make the election, and so to reach the real
will of the people of a State. Why, sir, by
the Constitution we, and we alone, are the
guardians of the rights of the people of the
States as against their Legislatures, as against
minorities, as against any body of men under
any form who interfere with the true republican
will of the real people of a State; just as in
the other branch of Congress the House of
Representatives is the guardian of the liber-
ties of the people of each district, and of each
State in finding that their Representative, and
not some false and supposititious one, is the
person who is to participate in the national
deliberations.
But, as I say, I do not wish to go into the
discussion now. I only wish to say that my
friend from Ohio must have forgotten the
discussions we have had on that subject, and
forgotten the fact that in the recent case-of-
Mr. Hill and Mr. Miller, from the State of
Georgia, our reportupon their credentials was
carefully prepared with a view not to open
that question, which had been discussed, as it
was not necessary, in view of what the contest-
ants said before us, that we should go into it.
Having said this, without now going into any
wide debate as to what our powers may be,
and of course without any debate at all as to
what this case may be—because that would be
entirely improper; we have not the proof—1
think the wisest thing we can do, as we have
no committees, is to lay the credentials on
the table for the time being and to adjourn ;
and I make that motion. But as I do not wish
to cut off any gentleman who may wish to
speak, I will withdraw it at the request of any
Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont wiihdraw the motion ?
Mr. EDMONDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I certainly had forgotten
that the Senator from Vermont entertained the
view he now expresses. If I had remembered
that he entertained any such view I should have
excepted him in my general statement.
I do not desire to prolong this debate ; but
I wish to say, in reply to what he has said, that
we are not the representatives of the people of
Alabama at all; that it is not our business to
protect the people of Alabama against their
Legislature. A Senator represents his State
in her corporate capacity. His constituent
is the State, and not the people of the State.
We have nothing to do with interfering be-
tween the people and their Legislature. The
Legislature represents the sovereignty of the
people, and it is with the State alone that we
have to do. And if there was a legal Legisla-
ture, we have no right to go behind their act
to inquire into the eligibility of members whom
that legal Legislature has seated as members
of it.
I only rose to make this protest now ; I do
not propose to prolong this discussion. If any
considerable number of Senators wish, or
indeed any Senator wishes, that this matter
should be investigated by a committee, I shall
not interpose any obstacle to its being done ;
but I do not think it ought to be done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. >lr. President,
I interpose an objection to this subject going to
a committee. The Senate have no competence
and no power to refer it to a committee,
according to my construction of the effect of
the returns of the Senator-elect from the State
of Alabama.
Mr. President, until within a few years it
was the uniform practice and the uniform
ruling of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives that when a man presented himself
with the legal and usual returns of his election,
they, prima facie, entitled him to his seat;
that the subject of his election or his qualifica-
tions could not be inquired into previous to his'
admission to his seat; that the possession of
the legal return was prima facie evidence of
his right to the seat; and that upon the force
and effect of that return he would be admitted
to his seat; and that any question in relation
to his election or qualifications should after-
ward be investigated by a committee of the
body to which he was elected.
But, sir, even that principle does not come
up in this case. The Senator from Vermont
goes a bow-shot beyond that line of conduct
011 the part of the Senate. What is his posi-
tion ? Not that the Senate have merely the right
to examine into the election of the gentleman
who has presented himself as a Senator from
Alabama, but that the" Senate of the United
States have the power to institute an inquiry
into the legality of the election of every mem-
ber of the Legislature of Alabama. That is
the position of the honorable Senator from
Vermont; that is the position assumed by the
Senator from Ohio; and that is the ground
taken by the memorial which he has presented
from members of the Legislature.
Now, sir, is not that a most extraordinary
and untenable position ? Where does the Sen-
ate of the United States get its power to exam-
ine into the election and the regularity of the
election of every member of the Legislature
of Alabama ? What is the ground upon which
the right of this gentleman to his seat is
assailed ? Not that he was not elected by a
Legislature ; but the ground is that some mem-
bers of that Legislature were not elected legally
according to the constitution and laws of Ala-
bama. Has this Senate any right to investigate
that ground? Where, sir, does the Senate
derive its power to investigate the legality of
the election of members of the Legislature of
Alabama and the validity of the election' by
which they received returns as members of that
Legislature ? Where is there the vestige of
sueb a power in the Senate of the Urtited
States ? No, sir; the ultimate limit of the
power of Congress to go into an investigation
of this subject is to inquire into the elections,
qualifications, and returns of the member of
the Senate, Why, sir, what a broad and licen-
tious field would the other subjects of investi-
gation open here! How many members of
the Legislature of Alabama are there, I ask
my honorable friend ?
Mr. SPENCER. One hundred and thirty-
three members.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. There are one
hundred and thirty-three members of the two
houses of the Legislature of Alabama. What
is the position assumed here to obstruct the
admission of this Senator to his seat? That as
to one or two of the members of the Legisla-
ture who voted for him, although th,ey were
allowed by the Legislature to take, to keep,
and to maintain their seats not only during
the act of his election, but, as far as we know,
duflng the whole term of the service of that
Legislature, the Senate of the United States
have the right to investigate the regularity and
the legality of their election to be members of ■
the Legislature of Alabama.
Sir, if we have the power to take exception
to one and to investigate the case of one,, we
have the power to investigate as to the election
of all the members of the Legislature of Ala-
bama, senate and house of representatives.
Is there any Senator here, will even the Sen-
ator from Vermont assume the hardy position,
the extreme, aud untenable, aud^ dangerous
position, that the Senate of the United States,
under its constitutional power to examine into
