THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
members, has the same power over the elec-
tion and returns of every member of the house
and of the senate in the Legislature of Ala-
bama? Sir, we have no such power; we have
not a vestige, not a coloring of such a power,
and, that would be one of the most enormous
and dangerous usurpations of power that the
Senate of the United States has yet made or
thought of.
But, sir, we are going headlong onward in
this career of usurpation and misrule, we are
advancing step by step, and the step now which
the honorable Senator from Vermont proposes
to take is an extreme advance ahead of any
that has yet been taken. I protest that if the
memorial were true—and the committee could
do no more than report it to be true—if it were
true ip its fall force and effect, it would furnish
no ground whatever to the Senate for exclud-
ing tliis gentleman from his seat as a member
of the Senate from the State of Alabama.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that this matter
be postponed until the Judiciary Committee
is appointed.
Mr. CONKLING. I. ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for a moment.
' Mr, SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr, CONKLfNG. I have no wish to antici-
pate the merits of this case, nor even the dis-
cussion of any abstract question involved in
it. I rise for the purpose of making a correc-
tion of the statement, as I understood it, of
the honorable Senator from Ohio farthest from
me, [$Lr. Tiiurman.] Being one of the mem-
bers of the late Judiciary Committee who con-
curred in the prevailing report touching the
case of Mr. Hill, then an applicant for a seat
from the State of Georgia, I did not under-
stand, nor do I now understand, that the com-
mittee affirmed such a proposition as has been
maintained by the honorable Senator; and,
indeed, I may say, in passing, that I think the
Senator will be able to find no case in which
•the qu,Ration debated in the Senate this morn-
ing was the point in judgment, and was decided
by the. Senate in the direction in which he
thinks the rule prevails.
My purpose, however, was to call attention
to the fact that in the Georgia case no neces-
sity arose for the solution of this question. I
read now from the report of the committee to
support my statement. The committee say :
"All the contestants maintained the position be-
fore the committee that the ineligibility or dis-
qualification of individual members of either House,
not sufficiently numerous to affect its constitutional
quorum, was an immaterial issue. Your committee
nave not, therefore, deemed it necessary to discuss
that question further than tostate the facts in rognrd
to it."
Thus the Senate will see that the commit-
tee expressly declined jurisdiction of any such
question. I say this, not for the purpose of
committing myself to one view or the other,
or of espousing either view, hut simply to say
that there is nothing jn this report making
the question, m any sense or degree whatever,
res judicata as to a single member who took
part in it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, X cannot
under the rule state what took place in the
Judiciary Committee, of course, and therefore
I shall not make any statement upon that sub-
ject. I do maintain, however, that this very
report sustains the proposition that I stat«^l:
"All the contestants maintained the position be-
fore the committee that the ineligibility or disquali-
fication of individual members of either house, not
.sufficiently numerous to affect its constitutional
quorum, was an immaterial issue. Your committee'
have not, therefore, deemed it necessary to discuss
that question further than to state the facts in regard
That is all. The statement in this report is,
that it was not considered because it was not
absolutely necessary in that view; and yet the
question was involved, and if it could be stated
1 think my statement would be fully sustained;
but that is immaterial now. I say again, how-
ever, that if there are members of the Senate
who think that this is a question which ought
to be investigated, if there is any question here,
I should not oppose investigation ; but I for
myself do not believe that the Senate can, with
any show of justice or propriety whatever, enter
upon any such investigation. Why, sir, what
would it lead to? Here is a memorial impeach-
ing the election of three or four members of
the Alabama Legislature, saying that they did
not receive a majority of the legal votes of the
electors of their counties. How can we try that
case? Are we to clothe the Judiciary Com-
mittee with power to send for persons and
papers and have a contested election in the
Legislature of Alabama examined—a thou-
sand witnesses called in each case—and then
determine, at the end of. four or five or six
or seven months, at an immense expense,
whether or not that member of the Alabama
Legislature was properly elected or not?
But, Mr. President, the inquiry would not
stop there. It would not stop with the ques-
tion, did the member-elect of the Alabama
Legislature, and who was seated and voted,
receive a majority of the votes; although that
investigation may require the testimony of a
thousand witnesses in each particular case;
but it goes further. It goes to an inquiry into
the electoral right of the people who voted for
members of the Legislature, a canvass of the
poll, an inquiry into the right to vote of the
persons who voted for each member. And
pray where would you stop?
notification to tub house.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to yield to allow a mere formal order to
be made.
Mr. THURMAN. I give way.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
order; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that a quorum of the Senate has
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proceed
to business.
notification to the president.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Ohio
yield to me for a moment for a similar purpose?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; I will yield alto-
gether.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following
resolution ; which wasconsidered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That a committoe, consisting of two
members, be appointed, to join such committee as
may bo appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and that Congress is roady to receive any com-
munication ho may be pleased to make.
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the committee; and
Messrs. LI am lis ana 1! a yard were appointed.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting of
tho Senate be twelve o'clock m., until otherwise
ordered,
senator from alabama.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand my friend
from Ohio to have yielded the floor.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the time being, I
move that the credentials of Mr. Goldthwaite,
with the memorial presented by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] do lie ou the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
senator from texas.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Two credentials
have been presented and read at the Secre-
tary's desk heretofore, representing that Mor-
gan C. Hamilton and J. J. Reynolds have
each been elected by the Legislature of Texas
on a different occasion as a Senator for the
constitutional term commencing this day.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that Mr., Ham-
ilton be allowed to come forward and take the
oaths of office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas moves that the oaths of office be admin-
istered to Morgan C. Hamilton.
Mr. MORTON. In connection with that
question I submit, and ask to have read, a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Texas, which
will present to the Senate the question involved
in these two certificates of election.
Mr. CONKLING. Without calling for the
reading of the credentials, may I inquire
whether they are both in form?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I have been told, and I
wish to inquire whether it is the fact, that
there is no signature to the credentials of Gen-
eral Reynolds ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps both
credentials had better be read.
Mr. MORTON. The credentials of General
Reynolds do not bear {he signature of the Gov-
ernor. They bear the seal of the State, and
are certified to by the secretary of the State in
proper form. The omission of the Governor
to put his signature is an accident. He has
written a letter inclosing the credentials to
General Reynolds over his signature, which I
presented and had read last night.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this is a matter
which had better be inquired into. Let it take
the same course with the other case. I move
that the papers lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. Without intending to ex-
press any opinion about it, I suggest that the
credentials and the joint resolution of. the
Legislature of Texas be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have no committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are no
committees as yet.
Mr. MORTON. Then let the papers lie on
the table until such time as the committees
are appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the papers in relation to this case do lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
senator from georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair now
presents the credentials of Foster Blodgett,
claiming to be Senator-elect from the State of
Georgia.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator desire these credentials to be reported
from the desk? [" No."]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the same sugges-
tion in regard to this case. It is a subject of
dispute, as we all know. I do not know what
the facts are, but I think as there is dispute we
had better have it go over for examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia is on the floor.
Mr. HILL. I merely rose to state that I
sent to the desk the other day a memorial
from certain members of the last Legislature
of Georgia, and of the present Legislature,
with regard to the election of Mr. Blodgett.
It was not read because it was not appertain-
ing to the business of the then Senate. I ask
that it may be read now, and then I ivill make
a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia being upon the floor asks that a
certain protest presented by him, now on the
files of the Senate, be taken from the files by
the Secretary and reported to the Senate. If
there be no objection to the reading of this
paper, it will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Memorial of members of the late General Assembly of
the State of Georgia, remonstrating against the ad-
mission of Foster Blodgett to a seat in the Senate.
To the honorable the Senate of the United States :
The undersigned, citizens of Georgia and mem-
bers of the late General Assembly of that State, hav-
ing information that a certificate has been presented
m your honorable body from the Governor of this
btate, certifying the election of Foster Blodgett*
esq., as Senator from Georgia, forsix years, from tho
4th, day of March, 1871, beg leave respectfully to pro-
t0®*' admission, for the following reasons:
1. Xhat the election was not held in accordance
