710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. OSBORN. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent of the Senate to make a personal
explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida asks unanimous consent of the Senate
to make a personal explanation. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none. The Sen-
ator from Florida will proceed.
Mr. OH BORN. In the Capital newspaper
of last Sabbath, April 9, there appeared what
purported to be a statement made by my col-
league of the House in the Forty-First Con-
gress, accompanied by an affidavit in which
serious charges are made against myself both
in the position of a private citizen and in my
official capacity. It is impossible that I let this
matter pass without notice. I am compelled
to take a few moments to make an explanation.
1 now ask the Clerk to read several papers
whicli are in themselves a full statement of
the matter. I ask that especial attention be
given to the several dates.
The Chief Clerk read aa follows :
•*-
From the Capital, Sunday, April 9,1S71.
"Washington County, District of Columbia:
Personally appeared before me, a justice of the
peace in and for the county and District aforesaid,
on this 4th day of April, A. D. 1871, Charles M. Ham-
ilton, a citizen of Florida, and late Representative
in the Fortieth and Forty-First Congresses from said
State, who, in answer to a paper purporting to be a
copy (unauthentic&ted) of an affidavit made by one
A. 0. Osborn, represented to be a Baptist minister,
of Brooklyn, New York—a lobbyist at times, about
the Capitol, at Washington, and at Tallahassee,
Florida; and also to a letter signed by one II. M.
Alberger, no place of permanent residence, a loi-
terer and lobbyist about the Congress of the United
States and the Legislatures of Georgia and Florida,
filed in the office of the Attorney General of the
United States on or about the 10th day <jf March,
1871, in substance—a copy of said papers being de-
nied deponent he cannot answer verbatim—charging
deponent "with proffering his services and influence
to secure the passage of a bill introduced by "my
brother, the Senator from Florida," Hon. T. W.
Osborn, in the United States Senate during the
Forty-First Congress, "granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads," especially the
"Great Southern railway," "in the State of Flor-
ida"—being duly sworn according to law, deposes
and says; that he, deponent, never, at any time or
place, nor for any purpose, " asked an interview
with said A. C. Osborn," nor did this deponent ever,
at any time or place, seriously for an instant, profier
his "services and influence," or silence, in any
manner whatever, to secure the passage through the
House of Representatives of said bill (Senate 438)
in any of its various numbers, multiform phases, or
"vain, dark," and triplicate purposes, for the " mod-
est and very moderate consideration of 81,000,000
worth of stock; 'the permanent attorneyship of
said railroad company at an annual salary of $5,000,
and this deponent's confirmation as United States
marshal for Florida," or for any, all, or either of
them, or for any other consideration whatsoever.
Affiant further deposes and says, that, in answer
to the distinct, direct, and repeated offers orally,
and to similar propositions in writing hereunto ap-
pended (marked "A,"' "B," and " C,") from, the said
A. C. Osborn, of " SI,000,000 worth of stock," (or
$1,000,000 of stock, the phrase may have been,) out
ot an entire capital stock of £10,000,000, of which
Hon. T. W. Osborn*, and his brother "Dr. A. C.
Osborn" aforesaid, with their own bands, at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel, in New York, on or about the
16tli January, 1870, subscribed $7,750,000 thereof,
and the employment of deponent as attorney for the
"Great Southern Railroad Company atapermanent
salary of ¥5,000 per annum," he, deponent, said to
"A. U. Osborn, doctor of divinity," aforesaid, presi-
dent of said railroad company, that he "would
rather support, or would support said bill on its
merits, if it had any, than lor any pecuniary or
other consideration whatever.
Deponent further says, that substantially the same
proposition and attempts to bribe, including the use
of his (Alhergei'ft) efforts and influence with Hon.
T. W. Osboiin to secure his cooperation with depo-
nent to belter adjust the Federal appointments in
Florida, were renewed and approved by the before-
mentioned H. M. Alberger, secretary of said railroad
company.
Affiant further deposes and says, that on several
and frequent occasions during the sessions of the
1< orty-Firsi Con^rtvs ho was called from his sea tin the
llouse of lUipreisematives by Hon. X. \V. Osborn,
Dr. A. V. Osborn, and 11. 31. Alberger, aforesaid, and
by ihoui 1-iboici, Hiinoj ed, promised, threatened,aud
orihos otlured to this deponent to secure his coopera-
tion in an effort to have said bill pass the House of
w^^^^^'T^^hannoyunce, promises, bribes,
and threat- were, m the meantime and subsequently,
made and tenewed by the Rev. A. C. O-born, presi-
dent ox said railroad eompany, to deponent in writ-
ing, which i? appended hereunto, and marked "A,"
B, and L. '
Affiant deposes further and says that H. M. Alber-
ger, aforesaid, called upon him, on or about the close
of the second session of the Forty-First Congress,
in July, 1870, at deponent's residence, No. 418 C
street, Washington, District of Columbia, and then
and there apologizing and disclaiming any volun-
tary connection with or action in the object of his
visit, as an individual, and protesting that he was
authorized and directed, as secretary of aforesaid
railroad company, to urge and attempt to inducc de-
ponent to lend his efforts in aid of the passage of the
bill aforesaid to secure the proposed land grant, and
in this behalf and for this purpose to offer and give
deponent a draft for $20,000 (in addition of the offers
previously made) "upon a bank in New York;"
whereupon the said H. M. Alberger, factotum of
Messrs. Osborn aforesaid, proceeded to draw from
his pocket apaper purporting to be said draft, upon
which deponent rebuked the said H. M, Alberger
and denounced said Great Southern Railroad Com-
pany for attempting to secure deponent's coopera-
tion and services by any such means.
Deponent saith further that on the 3d day of
March last, the day preceding the expiration ot the
Forty-First Congress, he rose m his seat in the House
of Representatives and objected to the passage of
said Senate bill No. 438, when reached in order on
the Speaker's table, and that thus said public land
swindle was defeated.
Further, at this time, deponent saith not by depo-
sition- C. M. HAMILTON.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 4th day of
April, A. D. 1871.
Ll. s.j DAVID R. SMITH, J. P.
Extract from C. M. Hamilton's statement of Sunday,
April 9,1871.
C.
413 Clinton Street,
Brooklyn, New York, June 28,1870.
'Dear Sir : Mr. Bennett, Representative from Buf-
falo. New York, tells Colonel Alberger that in answer
to an inquiry he made of you, you said to him (Ben-
nett; that youdidnot wish Senate bill No. 438 to pass
the House this session, and that when it came up
youintended to move its reference to the Committee
on the Public Lands. I drop this line in order that
there may be an understanding between us.
Senator Osborn desires, and is determined, if pos-
sible, to secure the material development of the
State, to do something more as a Senator than draw
his salary and procure places for a few friends. He
has, therefore, worked unceasingly to secure a rail-
road down the peninsula, and the revival of the land
grant to the Jacksonville, Pensacola, and Mobile
railroad.
At our last interview you said that yon had con-
cluded to enter the canvass for renomination for
Congress. I write this that we may understand each
other definitely on that point.
Should you remain of the same mind toward this
bill throughout this session, we can, of course, antici-
pate nothing more favorable next session. As we
cannot, therefore, look for success during your term,
it becomes a matter of vital importance that a man
be returned who will cooperate with us in the next
Congress for thedevelopment of these public works.
If the bill giving grants of land to aid in the con-
struction of those two trunk lines of railroad, which
has already passed the Senate, fails in the Hou&e
this session you will not be nominated or elected to
Congress, if the friends of this bill, by the use of any
and every honorable means in their power, can
possibly prevent it.
If you go into the convention with "Wilson and
his friends among the loyalists, already committed
against you, with an indefinite number of other
aspirants, and among them one of your personal
friends, ready at any time to drop you to advance
their own interests; with the Jacksonville, Pensa-
cola, and Mobile Railroad Company against you,
for defeating a restoration of their grant; with
the Great Southern Railway Company, and all its
friends, determined to unite with the colored vote
and put forward a colored man, or any available
man to defeat you ; with the fact everywhere used
against you, that, while not securing the passage
of a single bill (so far as I know) for the direct and
immediate benefit of the State or your constituents,
you alone stood in the way of and stopped the con-
struction of the two great railroads of the State,
that would open up nearly every county, bring in
fifteen or twenty millions of capital, and at one©
double the wealth and population of the State; if
you go into the convention or canvass with such
odds, influences, and combinations against you,
with so many of your previous supporters maddened
and determined to crush you, you can determine as
well as I the probable result.
I do not write this letter by way of intimidation
or threat. 1 write only that you may understand ,
the course the friends of this bill will inevitably I
pursue after adjournment. The point in nearly '
reached when many of those who have hitherto been
yo-ur supporters will be compelled to become your j
most derermmed.indimpl.ic.iOie political onponent*.
it would bo a bl-,i u'o x> uii I idoed if iieed and :
O'-boun, 1'urman •> . t " "cjui. , Oneney and Went- I
worth, Jenkins a ■: \. Pearee and Littlefield, '
should join hand. deleat Hamilton. And what
else can these m. do while you arc stopping the
; public works, pi. , anting the development of the
State, and ob^trucur rr, the great railroad companies
m which cach oi the o men is either a director or a
large stockholder? I do not speak for those men.
X only say things are rapidly drifting in that direc-
tion. I myself bore a letter to you in which the Gov-
ernor says in substance that your political prospects
will be affected by your course on the bill.
Adams writes that he has written you to the same
purport. How can you expect the support of tbeso
men, while throwing yourself directly athwart tho
great interests with which they are personally
identified, is more than I can understand. I have
reason, on the contrary, to believe that some of tho
men who are urging you to defeat this bill are doing
so with the intention of thereby rendering your
nomination impossible, thereby rendering a new
man necessary, and so improving and opening the
way for themselves or their friends.
I should be glad to know that your conversation
with Mr. Bennett has been misunderstood, or that
your mind had changed sincc your interview with
him.
Should you yet take hokl actively and secure the
passage of the bill before the session closes, none of
the friends of that bill could, as such, oppose your
nomination.
And I can speak for the Great Southern, that, if
you thus identify yourself with its interests, it will
give its influence in your favor, both in the conven-
tion and in the canvass. Tho other alternative they
would greatly regret and gladly avoid.
I am, very truly, &c.,
A. C. OSBORN.
P. S.—X write this without suggestion, and without
the knowledge of any other party, and prefer that
it be between you and me only. If the events here
foreshadowed becomo facts the public will know it
soon enough. O.
Hon. C. M. Hamilton.
United Stat?® Senate Chamber,
Washington, April 10,1871.
Sir: I inclose herewith an affidavit and statement
made by C. M. Hamilton, my late colleague in the
House of Representatives.
This statement contains a list of the stockholders
of the Great Southern Railway Company. Be so
kind as to inform me if the statement agrees with
the stock-books of the company.
Was there at any time stock sent to Georgia or
Florida for the purpose of influencing legislation in
the interest of the Great Southern Railway Com-
pany ?
Did you at any time, for me, for yourself, for tho
company, or for any member of the company, tender
or propose to give Mr. Hamilton a draft, check, or
other paper for $20,000, or for any other sum of
money for his services?
Did you at any time, with or without my consent,
offer to arrange the Federal offices of the Stat* of
Florida in the interest of Mr. Hamilton in consider-
ation of his support of Senate bill No. 438?
I shall be obliged to you for an early reply, and
also the return ot this letter tome with your answer.
Very truly,
T. W. OSBORN.
Colonel M. H. Albergek, Secretary Great Souther*
Railway Company, St. Nicholas Hotel, New York.
St. Nicholas Hotel, New York,
Tuesday Evening, April 11, 1871,
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of yesterday, inclosing a
printed list of the stockholders of the Great South-
ern Railway Company.
In reply to your inquiry whether this list agrees
with the records of the company, I beg leave to
state that the list as published is inaccurate in al-
most every particular. It represents yourself as
holding two thousand fivo hundred shares, while
the records show tnat you hold but ten shares.
The president of the company is represented as
holding seventy-five thousand shares. This is far
from correct. It was understood at the time the
books were opened that Mr. Hamilton, who had bad
nothing to do with the enterprise, had a represent-
ative present, with instructions to subscribe a ma-
jority of the stock and thus get the control and
crush the undertaking. To defeat this it twis ne-
cessary for those who had inaugurated the work to
subscribe in the first instance enough to control the
company, to be subsequently transferred to those
who could pay the installments.
You were yourself with me on one occasion after-
ward when Mr. Hamilton, in our presence, cursed
his friends and swore bitterly because he had not
been able to secure more than half the stock. Much
of the stock thus subscribed has sincc been trans-
ferred to other parties.
( Hon. Jo3iaii T. Walls, A, R. Meek, J. S.Adams,
S. B. Conover, and F. \V. Webster, are repro>ented
as holding a large amount of stock. Neither of
these gentlemen hold stock in ibis company.
In reply to your second question, "Wni there at
any time stock sent to Georgia or Florida for tho
purpose of iiiflnenHns legislation in tho interest of
the Uioat Southern Railway Company ?" I have to
s.iy that there never was any stock sent for -uch
purpose, but was opened theic for Miltscnption,
and to bo p;nd lor bj iicser-smcnt on demand of tho
company or lobe forfeiied according to law. This
and nothing more is what i, intended in the letters
of tho president of tho company, as pubii.-hed with
Mr. Hamilton's affidavit. This Mr. Hamilton well
knew.
Stock was in this way offered to Mr. Hamilton, aa
stated in the published letter of tho president Mr,
