714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
much reduce the burdens of the people; and
I have no doubt such will be the result of the
investigations of the Committee on Finance
of this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is withdrawn, with the consent of
the Senate.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the reso -
iution proposed by me amending the restrictive
rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
■will read the resolution which it is moved to
consider.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the order of the Senate limiting
the legislative business to be considered by the Sen-
ate at its present session be amended by adding
thereto the following words: " and also IIouso bill
No. 3S0, on the subject of the removal of political
disabilities."
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This does not
involve debate on the merits. The motion is to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean at this
moment to involve any more than an inquiry
of the Senator from South Carolina. I wish
to know of him what his purpose is.
Mr. ROBERTSON. My purpose is to get
the bill up, to get before the Senate House bill
No. 380, for the purpose of securing the action
of the Senate upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. To-day?
Mr. ROBERTSON. To-day, if possible.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think this is a
good time to consider that bill, for various
reasons. I will assign but one. The Chair
sees, by casting its eyes about, that the Sen-
ate is very thin. There is a quorum here very
likely, but not much more than a quorum.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the honorable Sen-
ator prefers, I am willing to take a vote at any
hour he may indicate on Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. CONKLING. My suggestion to the
Senator would be that if this measure is to be
proposed at all he had better now, having given
notice of it, call it up at some time when the
Senate is not so thin, because he sees that the
Senate is very thin. It is Saturday and a num-
ber of Senators have left the city; they are
not merely out of their seats, but I know in
the case of a number of Senators that they are
out of the city. I think, therefore, that a mat-
ter of this sort, the abrogation of a rule which
we have acted under during the whole session,
ought not to be determined at a time chosen
like this. Of course I know that the Senator
did not select this time in reference to the
Senate being thin ; but I call his attention to
the fact that it so happens that on this Saturday
this is the case; and I think the understanding
yesterday was rather that there would be a ses-
sion to-day for the sake of executive business
than for anything else. For myself, I did not
know that any suggestion of this sort was to
be made to-day, and I think that was the case
with the Senate generally.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I gave notice four or
five days ago that immediately after the dispo-
sition of the bill then under consideration I
should call up this resolution amending the
restrictive rule.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me., I remember that; but of course nobody
anticipated then that the close of the preceding
mailer would be late on Friday evening, and
that iliip would occur on Saturday under these
circumstances: but so it happens, and the
Senate is now very thin.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask that the matter
betaken up and discussed to-day; but if the
honorable Senator prefers, and any gentleman
wishes that thevote be taken in a full Senate,
it will meet, with my approbation to have an
understanding that the vote be taken ou Mon-
day at one o'clock, if the Senate will agree to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think certainly we
ought to get this matter before the Senate.
The Senate has been very fully apprised of it.
Attention has been called to it several times.
If we are to consider it at all, it is certainly
proper to decide the question of considering
it, and there is no better time than now. -The
Senate is not so very thin to-day. I think
when we come to vote there wil* be found a
pretty full Senate. The fullest Senate I ever
knew since I have been a member of the body
was last evening, when some sixty-four or
sixty-five votes were cast. I do not know how
many are present to-day; there has been no
occasion to test it; but I am sure there will be
found to be at least the ordinary number. I
trust that the proposition to change the rule
so as to consider this subject will be acted
upon now, and let us commence the consider-
ation of it and see what we can do. I hope no
friend of amnesty will allow it to be postponed
in this way.
Mr. WILSON. I voted yesterday several
times to come here to-day, and I so voted for
the purpose of taking up this resolution to-
day, and I so stated to the Senator who has
it in charge. I hope it will be taken up and
passed, and that the subject itself will come
before us in a full Senate at the beginning of
next week. I believe the time has come which
we always hoped would come, when we may
act on the subject; when, at any rate, we may
relieve a large number of persons in the
country of their disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution named by him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
I}usin6ss
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina,
the Senator from Michigan moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 25.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it
is not contemplated ou the part of Senators or
anybody that this bill shall pass, if it is to pass
at all, until the bill that was passed by the
Senate yesterday is secured by the action of
both Houses. Now, I do not know whether the
bill we passed yesterday will become a law or
not. I think it will be quite time to act upon
this bill after the other bill shall have been
acted upon by the other House. I therefore
hope that those who are in favor of the bill
will at least postpone such action until after we
see what shall be the result with the bill which
we passed yesterday.
Mr. SAWYER. Is debate in order at this
time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate, but not
on the merits. By the eleventh rule debate on
the merits is prohibited oil a motion to proceed
to the consideration of a subject.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not understand that
the motion of my colleague proposes at all to
act upon this bill finally to-day, or any particu-
lar day of the session ; but it simply proposes
to amend the resolution fixing the order of
business, to which wc shall give attention at
this session, by including the House bill" in
reference to this subject. ] think if there
ever is coming a time when this subject is to
be considered, it should be just at that moment
when we have sent forth to the country a law
like that which passed this body yesterday. It
is the most opportune moment which has yet
occurred for the passage of such a measure as
this, and I trust the friends of the bill will not
allow this occasion to go by. It has been, not-
withstanding what has been said by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, distinctly un-
derstood to be the business of to-day. When
the question yesterday was for adjournment
over until Monday, there was a great deal of
conversation on the floor between Senators
that the session to-day was for the consider-
ation of this identical subject.
Now, Mr. President, to have it carried over
by one dilatory motion and another—made by
the opponents of the bill, I notice—in almost
every case seems to me to be not what the
friends of the bill should allow to be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to make an
inquiry. What is the state of the bill referred
to? Is it on its first or second reading?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been read
once and laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ Then it can only be
passed to-day by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
passed to-day, if the amendment to the re-
strictive rule now proposed prevails, except
by unanimous consent, as it cannot have its
second and third readings on the same day.
Mr. SHERMAN. My intention is to vote
to take up this resolution, and to vote for an
amnesty bill at this session ; but I do not wish
to do it until the bill we sent to the other House
yesterday is finally passed. I want the two to
go together. I am inclined to think it would
be better to adopt the proposition of the Senator
from South Carolina now, change the rule, and
then, as a matter of course, a majonty of the
Senate, and in fact even a single member, can
prevent the passage of the amnesty bill before
Tuesday, because it could only be read the
second time on Monday and the third time on
Tuesday. I feel inclined to vote for the prop-
osition of the Senator from South Carolina
now; but at the same time I shall object, if
no one else does, to the consideration of the
amnesty bill until the bill we passed yesterday
has gone beyond the power of factious opposi-
tion anywhere.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps the Sen-
ator from Ohio misunderstood the Chair. If
the restrictive rule were not in the way and the
bill was taken up and read a second time
to-day, it could be read the third time on
Monday if debate was exhausted upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under those circum-
stances, I think the Senator from South Caro-
lina had better let the matter go over until
Monday.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I insist on its being
taken up to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us change the rule
to-day, so that we can consider the bill. We
shall never get to consider it if we go on in
this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will ask this still
further : will there be any effort to press the
bill itself to-day by the friends of the bill ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. There will be no effort
to press it to a vote to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody expects to pass
it to-day; but it has not been read the second
time. Does not the Senator from Ohio see
that a single person can prevent its being read
the second time on Monday?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it ought
to be read a second time until the House act
on the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it ought to be
read the second time so as to get in position ;
and we certainly ought to change the rule. I
hope the friends of the measure will insist on
changing the rule to-day so as to allow it to be
considered.
Mr. SAWYER.^ There is no disposition to
press the House bill to a vote at once. There
is a disposition to give everybody a chance to
debate it and say everything he possibly can
upon it; but we do want a consideration of the
subject, and we want the order of business so
changed that it can be considered. We do not
want to press it to a vote to-day or to-morrow
or the next'day.
