8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
and it directs the people of Mississippi to elect
"members of Congress." Now, what officers
were they whom by this law they were directed
to elect? Is it to be assumed as the reason-
able and just construction of this law that it
was the intention of Congress at that time not
only to direct the election of members to the
Forty-First Congress, but also members to this
Forty-Second Congress ? Is it to be assumed
that Congress intended to direct, in this revolu-
tionary way, the people of Mississippi to elect
members to the Forty-First Congress, only one
month of which had then expired, and also to
elect members to serve the full term in the
Forty-Second Congress, which could not have
possibly convened until one year and eleven
months after the enactment of this law? Is
it not more just and reasonable to assume
that Congress, in making the law of April 10,
1869) remembered that the Constitution of the
United States required Representatives to be
"chosen every second year," and intended
only to supply absent representation in the
Forty-First Congress, and to leave future Rep-
resentatives to be elected under laws thereafter
to be provided by the State of Mississippi?
Shall we assume that Congress intended to do
■what it had no power to do? The rational
theory and principles of our system of gov-
ernment demand that members of Congress
shall be chosen recently, before or immediately
after the time at which their terms of service
are to commence. It violates all just ideas of
representative government to do otherwise.
If Congress may permit members of this House
to be elected one year and three months before
the commencement of their terms, who shall
limit the time beyond which they may not go?
Of its own law Congress must at all times
take judicial notice. Of their gross violation by
Federal officers appointed to execute them this
House should take notice without proof where
it is apparent upon the record. Such is the
case here.
But upon what ground do gentlemen attempt
to break the force of these principles? It is
assumed that the construction they desire is
legitimate, because the twenty-fifth section of
the twelfth article of the constitution formed
by the first constitutional convention of Mis-
sissippi provided that—
"Representatives in Congress to fill the existing
vacancies shall be elected at the same tune this con-
stitutiou is submitted to the electors of ttio State tor
ratification, and tor the lull term next succeeding
thejr election, and thereafter elections for Repre-
sentatives in Congress shall bo held biennially. The
first election shall be hold on the first Tuesday after
the first, Monday in November preceding the expi-
ration of said full term."
Now, this section in the constitution of the
State of Mississippi, it must be remembered,
was framed on the 25th day of May, 1808. At
that tune there were unexpired about nine
months of the Fortieth Congress, and the next
succeeding Congress, the Forty First Congress,
would meet on the 4th day of March, 1860,
thereafter. What was, therefore, the unit of
time in the minds and intentions of the frumers
of that original constitution ? Manifestly it
was the 22d day of June, 1868, ou which day
that instrument was to be ratified or rejected.
The election therein ordered and contemplated
was to fill this brief, unexpired term in the
Fortieth Congress, and to supply represent-
ation here for the full term of the Fortieth
Congress. Beyond all controversy that was
the intent and purpose, and the only intent and
purpose, of the framers of that constitution.
But I submit that upon every principle of fair
and just legal or constitutional construction,
when that constitution was submitted to the
people on the 22d day of June, 1868, and re-
jected by them, it ceased to have any legal
validity whatever; and there was then no form
of government submitted to those people by
their own voluntary act for their adoption or
rejection, and all that was thereafter done was
done by Congress in the exercise of what it
claimed to be original power, not derived from
the people of Mississippi, but derived from
preexisting circumstances and conditions, out
of which it claimed that it acquired a consti-
tutional right,- under the theory of reconstruc-
tion, to dictate a form of government to the
people of that Stare and to compel them to
proceed to vote upon and ratify or reject it.
They not only did this, but they went so far in
the law of April JO, 1869, tQ which I have re-
ferred, as to prescribe the qualifications for
electors who should vote upon the question of
the ratification or rejection of the constitution
on the last day of November and the 1st day of
December, 1869. and also to prescribe the
qualifications of the electors of that State who
should vote for members of the State Legisla-
ture and for State officers, and for members
of Congress ; yet it is conceded on all sides
of this House, and throughout the country,
that the right to regulate the qualifications for
electors belongs to the States, and not to Con-
gress. If, therefore, there was either a law
or constitution in Mississippi declaring these
qualifications, it was utterly disregarded by
Congress. On the theory of Congress, there
waS none. Republican party exigencies de-
creed that none such existed ; that the State
was the subject of conquest, was powerless
and without authority to inaugurate a new
government, and dependent for a restoration
of civil government and of proper relations
with the Union upon the will of Congress.
Whatever of value, therefore, or of legal au-
thority attaches to the acts of the military
rulers in that State in connection with that
election must be derived from the law of
Congress alone, and in no degree from the
defunct frame of a constitution, nor from the
rejected laws of Mississippi.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman whether these credentials are
regular upon their face?
Mr. liBRR. These credentials are the first
of their kind that have ever been seen in this
country. There is no precedent for them in
the history of the organization of civil govern
ment in America. There is nothing to which
they may be likened or by which they can be
judged. They are every way anomalous and
extraordinary. They are issued, as they pur-
port upon their face to be issued, not by the
Executive of the State of Mississippi, and not
m pursuance of any law of that State, and
bearing no legal relation to the proper sov-
ereignty of that State, but they come from the
''Headquarters of the fourth military district
of Mississippi, Jackson, Mississippi, January
14,1870." They appear not to owe their exist-
ence in any sense to civil government, but only
to the arbitrary will and despotic proceedings
of military authority. All civil government
had been ignored or superseded ; the forms of
the statute were spurned, and the machinery
and modes of military power were resorted to.
The elections were such in character as could
alone be expected to result from such a system.
Fraud, violence, and partisan recklessness,
open and shameless, marked the sway of that
military government. Not content to merely
inaugurate civil government in such ways,
which was the obvious aim of Congress, Gen-
eral Ames attempts to provide us with Con-
gressmen, not only for the then current Con-
gress, but for this body, whose period of ex-
istence could not begin to run until this day.
It was bad enough and a sufficiently gross in-
vasion of correct principles and civil liberty to
send Congressmen under this system to the
Forty-First Congress.
But a few more words and I am done. The
question now recurs were thesegeutlemen who
now claim to be admitted to seats from the
State of Mississippi ever in fact elected by the
people of Mississippi to this Congress?
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I desire to ask my friend
a question. I wish to inquire whether, if these
gentlemen be admitted to this Congress, they
will not have been elected for nearly or quite
three years, and whether, if they can hold
office for three years, they might not claim
to hold office with the same legal propriety for
life?
Mr. KERR. It was to that point that I was
just coming. In answer to my friend, I have
to say that if these gentlemen may oocupy these
seats at all, then it follows that at one election
they were elected for three years and three
months, to occupy seats in Congress from
December 1, 1869, to March 4, 1873. The
mere statement of this proposition is the best
argument against their right of admission. It
shocks the common judgment of intelligent-
men. It suggests a great excess of authority
and disregard of correct principles. This is
no way to elect Congressmen every second
year, as required by the letter and spirit of the
Constitution of the United States. It is per-
mitting bad or ambitious men, while they hold
revolutionary swav in a State, to perpetuate
themselves in office and power in utter con-
tempt of the wishes of the people.
These gentlemen were voted for on the last
day of November and the first day of Decem-
ber, in 1869, "for members of Congress."
They were not voted for as members of the
Forty-First and Forty Second Congresses ; but
they were voted for as members of Congress
from their respective districts in the State of
Mississippi; and General Ames, who certifies
the returns of these elections, says that these
gentlemen were voted for for members of Con-
gress, without saying that either of them re-
ceived one single ballot as candidates to rep-
resent their respective districts tn the Forty-
Second Congress of the United States. But
you will notice at the foot of the return of the
votes cast in those districts this note by Gen-
eral Ames :
" Note.—J. L. Morphis, S. P. Speer, and A. C.
Fish were voted for for the Forty-First and Forty-
Second Congresses."
Those three gentlemen were three Conser-
vative candidates, who ran in those districts
against three of the gentlemen who now claim
the right to occupy seats on this floor. Gen-
eral Ames, in this military order, states that
votes were cast for these three Conservative
candidates, not only for membership in the
Forty-First Congress, but also for member-
ship in the Forty-Second Congress. He does
not say anywhere in that paper, or " addenda
to General Orders No. 60, series of 1869,
headquarters fourth'military district," as it
is called, that one single ballot was cast for
any of these gentlemen for membership in the
Forty Second Congress. I am assured by an
intelligent citizen of Mississippi, who was in
the State during that election, that these gen-
tlemen were not voted for as candidates for
this Congress, but only as candidates for Con-
gress.
There is another fact to which I wish to call
the attention of the House; that this certificate
under which they claim to be admitted here
bears date January 14, 1870, while the cer-
tificates issued to them for their membership
in the Forty-First Congress bear an earlier and
a different date; showing, inmy judgment, that
it is not unjust for me to say that the issuing
of these certificates in this or in any other
form for this Congress was an afterthought,
was a political and partisan trick and fraud,
was perpetrated to rob the people of represent-
ation in this Congress, or to force upon them
Representatives whom they never elected, and
many of whom no doubt they do not now want
and would not elect if allowed to choose at a
fair and legal election by whom they would be
represented. Was this conduct suggested to
General Ames by the fear that at a fair and
legal election in 1870 these gentlemen might
have been defeated ? Were these certificates
issued to prevent such an election in 1870 ? It
appears that was the effect of them. How
could a contest of the right of such members
of Congress to seats here be conducted and
tried ? Under the law and rules for contested
elections, it would be simply impossible to in-
stitute and prosecute a regular contest. If any
