716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
proposition is not amendable except by unani-
mous consent. For instance, a motion to take
up a bill is not amendable by a proposition to
take up some other bill. After the resolution
shall be taken up, if it shall be taken up, it
will be amendable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Perhaps, if
the Chair will hear the proposition, it will pre-
vent him from deciding it until he understands
what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
But it shall not be in order to pass the bill to its
third reading until House bill No. 320 shall have
passed both branches of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is not in order for two reasons. The first is
that a motion to proceed to the consideration
of a bill or resolution cannot be amended, by
the uniform ruling of the Senate, and the
second is, that the motion to amend the restrict-
ive rule has not yet been taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I desire
to say that those Senators who voted for the
bill yesterday are very likely to be doomed to
disappointment if they let this measure be
taken up and acted upon now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody expects to act
on it now.
Mr. CONKLING. Or allow the rule to be
broken so that it can be.
Mr. LEWIS. I have no doubt there is not
a friend of this measure in this Chamber but
will agree to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont. I do not know of any
one who will disagree to that amendment. I,
for one, am entirely willing to agree to it. I
do hope that this measure will be taken up
now. It is a very important matter to the
people of the South. It is probable that we
shall adjourn at a very early day, and I hope
that the friends of the measure will stand by
it and take it ud and discifts it hereafter.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The rule which
it is now proposed to abrogate or change was
adopted, as our friends will remember, after a
good deal of consideration. It is a rule that
some of us 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to interfere
with my friend from New Jersey, but I ask if
it is in order to discuss what the rule is on a
motion to take up this resolution?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That objection
comes very strangely from the Senator from
Illinois, when he has been engaged in making
two or three speeches on the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not on the rule.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As to the pro-
priety of abrogating it.
Mr. CONKLING. Charging what the friends
and enemies of the measure were doing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion be-
fore the Senate is to proceed to the consider-
ation of the amendment to the restrictive rule.
It is not yet taken up. When taken up it will
open, of course, a very wide range of debate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Theonlyremark
I wish to make is this: I think, after a rule
has been adopted with so much consideration
and acted upon so long, it would be wise for
us to take one day to consider whether we will
change it; and [ think the friends of this meas-
ure will profit by giving that time for consid-
eration. I therefore move that we proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. ROBERTSON.
I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the mo-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina, the
Senator from New Jersey moves to proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 27, noes 25.
Mr. ROBERTSON and Mr. THURMAN.
Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I make
this suggestion, as there is a difficultv about
this matter 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland asks unanimous consent to make a
suggestion. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
that, by unanimous consent, the bill be read the
second time to-day and passed over, and then
when we adopt the rule on Monday we can
proceed to the consideration of the bill with-
out any one being able to interpose a single
objection to its consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that, for one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maryland asks unanimous consent that this
bill may be read a second time and permitted
to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. With the understanding
that the vote on changing the rule is not to be
pressed to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have a
vote on the change of rule.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I object to the
other proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object to the proposition?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do. I want to vote
on the rule. I do not object to the second read-
ing of the bill. Do not put me in that position.
I am in favor of its second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Maryland, that the bill be read the second
time and laid on the table, the restrictive rule
still remaining in force?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
remaining in force.
Mr. CONKLING.
understanding.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Illi-
nois does not agree to the understanding that
no action is to be had on the rule, and there-
fore I feel compelled to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays are demanded on the motion to proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling.Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Patterson, Pratt, Kamsey, Rice, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Suraner, "Wmdom, and Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Co-oper, Davis of Kentucky. Davis of \Ves t Vir-
frinia, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Johii3ton, Kelly, Lewis. Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Sehurz. Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, Viekcrs, and Wilson—2-1.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Corbett, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Hill, Kellogg, Lo-
gan, Nye, Osborn. Pomeroy, Pool, Spencer, Steven-
son, and West—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After one hour and
four minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened ; and (at one o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
I object to the rule
I do not object to that
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 15, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal wa3 dis-
pensed with.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bill of the following title, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had appointed Mr. Pool and Mr. Pratt in
place of Mr. Wilson and Mr. Nye, excused,
as members of the joint committee to inquire
into the condition of the late insurrectionary
States.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The House resumed, as the regular order,
the consideration of the Senate amendment to
the bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes.
The SPEAKER. The House when it ad-
journed had under consideration an amend-
ment to the Senate amendment No. 50, the
final vote on amendment No. 49 having been
postponed by unanimous consent on account
of the absence of a quorum. Amendment
No. 49, in relation to the printing of the cur-
rency, was yesterday amended, on motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmas,]
by inserting a proviso making the cost of the
new notes payable by the banks.
Mr. DAWES. I think we had better go on
and finish amendment No. 50 before we re-
sume the consideration of amendment No. 49.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objection to that arrangement. The pending
question is on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] to add
to the substitute of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] for the fiftieth amendmem
of the Senate the paragraph which will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road shall have the right to extend its track from
Virginia avenue alonj? Sixth street and across the
canal to the open grounds between Sixth street. B
street, and the canal, and to occupy said grounds
for depot and railroad purposes, as authorized by
the city councils of Washington: Provided, how-
ever, That if at any time a park shall be established,
including Sixth street, said railroad along Sixth
street shall be so adapted to thepark avenues, either
by tunnels or bridges, as the board of public works
may direct, as not materially to interfere therewith;
and that said Sixth street from the canal to Penn-
sylvania avenuo shall at all times be kept paved and
in good repair by said railroad company, and that
existing laws relative to the straightening of said
canal shall not be affected thereby.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a very few words upon that amendment.
It proposes to grant certain additional priv-
ileges to the Potomac Railroad Company at
the instance, I believe, of the councils of this
city. I have no objection to granting all the
facilities which are required to place these
various roads in a position to accommodate
the wants of the public. But here is a prop-
osition to grant an exclusive privilege to a
single company. I want the House to under-
stand that there are several roads making
termini in the city of Washington ; and while
I entertain the most liberal views toward all
these works of internal improvement, I desire
that whatever concessions may be made to one
company shall be extended to all the rest
alike.
_ This proposition contemplates the occupa-
tion of several squares, for that must be the
result; and this road is to be brought in con-
tact with Pennsylvania avenue. Under any
circumstances I should be opposed to any such
arrangement, simply because of the large
amount of travel whicfi would be thrown iu at
that point. The inconvenience which would
result from placing this road in contact with
Pennsylvania avenue ought, in my opinion, to
preclude the granting of the privilege which is
proposed to be extended by the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
We have coming into this city the Point of
Rocks road, which will be completed in the
course of a very short time. That road will
be seeking _ a station and depot somewhere
within the limits of this city. We have also
