12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Constitution. The case is cited and approved
in re Tate, (63 North Carolina, 308.)
Those are the facts, as I understand not
called in question, and present the case of
a gentleman who comes here obnoxious to
the third article of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution. As to whether we shall
refer his case to the Committee of Elections,
or whether we will swear him in, 1 have felt
bound, from a knowledge of the facts disclosed
to me by gentlemen from North Carolina, to
make presentation of the case to the House,
that we might follow the same course as in the
last Congress and in the Congress before the
last, as well as in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
It is the safe, prudent, wise, and judicious
course, as the experience of the few last years
has clearly demonstrated. If this gentleman
shall be found able to stand the ordeal of that
examination, he can be admitted on the re-
moval of his disabilities. Otherwise, he can
be returned to his constituents, and they can
elect some one who is qualified, or not dis-
qualified under the Constitution and laws.
This is the case, and I leave it to the gentle-
men of the House to decide what shall be done.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall detain the House
but a few moments. Mr. Waddell is no stranger
to me, and I am quite familiar with his history
during the period of which the gentleman from
Tennessee speaks. I know this man when he
came to Washington submitted his case to ray
consideration, and I at once decided that he
was under no disability, but could take the
oath of office with as good conscience as I
could take the oath.
Mr. MAYNARD. He could not take the
oath under the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution.
Mr. KELLEY. He is under no disability.
The gentleman from Tennessee confounds the
office of clerk and master in chancery in North
Carolina with the master of rolls in England;
and I care not what the decision of the supreme
court ot' North Carolina may be, it should not
bind us, for in this court we are the judges of
the qualifications of our own members.
In the first place the gentleman from'fenncs-
see admits that the oath must have been taken
in connection with a judicial office. Such an
office Mr. Waddell never held. Huheld a cler-
ical appointment under a judge in North Caro-
lina, and I oan give the House in two minutes
a statement of all the duties of that office. I
hold here the revised code of North Carolina,
edition of 1855, the latest published, and I
find this reference to the office of clerk and
master:
"5. He shall keep a fair and distinct record of the
proceedings of tho court; and the bills, answers,
and decrees shall be regularly enrolled in a well-
bound book, kept for that purpose.
"(i. The clerk and master may administer the proper
oaths at nil times and to all persons, either witnesses
or others, having business in the eourt of equity."
There is no judicial function there.
"The testimony of nil witnesses shall bo reduced to
writing, and depositions in equiiy shall be taken
under the same rules as depositions at law; and
every clerk and master shall be, ojjirio, acommis-
sioner to take depositions to be read in any suit in
his court,"
There is no judicial function there. There
are nothing but clerical duties there.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman yield to
me, to read the law from the revised code of
laws of North Carolina?
Mr. KELLEY. It is unnecessary that the
gentleman should read that to prove that Mr.
Waddell took an oath to support the Consti-
tution. That is part of the case which he
admits.
Mr. COBB. He took the oath as a judicial
officer.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Waddell took the oath,
but he denies, as I do, and as I believe every
lawyer who has looked into the case will do,
that he took an oath in connection with a judi-
cial office.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was about to remark
that the clerk and master, among other duties,
is a magistrate ex officio.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] will allow me, I will
show what is the law.
Mr. KELLEY. I admit the law which the
gentleman wishes to read. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Kelley's motion, that the
oath be administered to Mr. Waddell, was
agreed to.
Mr. Waddell appeared, and qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by the act of July,
1868.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the gentle-
man's credentials be referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
* post office department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
hereafter to be appointed,
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the gentleman not
to press his motion, but to allow me to move
that members proceed to draw for seats.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist on ray motion.
The question was put on the motion to
adjourn ; and there were—ayes 75, noes 80.
Mr. MAYNARD asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maynard and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 114.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER obtained the floor, but
yielded to Mr. Potter.
amendment of constitution.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary hereafter to be appointed, and ordered
to be printed.
government building at port huron.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2) making an appro-
priation for a Government building to be used
for a custom house, post office, and bended
warehouse at Port Huron, in the State of Mich-
igan ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions hereafter to be appointed.
drawing for seats.
Mr. WHEELER. I offer the following
resolution:
llemlved, That tho Clerk of the House forthwith
place in a box the name of ea,ch Member and Dele-
gate of the House of Representatives, written on a
separate slip of paper; that ho then proceed in the
presence ot the House to draw from said box, one at
a time, the said slips of paper ; and, as each is drawn,
he shall announce the name of the Member or Dele-
gate upon it, who shall choose his seat for the pres-
ent Congress; Provided, That before said drawing
sh.ill commence the Speaker shall cause each seat
to be vacated, and shall see that every seat contin-
ues vacant until it is vacated under this order, and
that every seat after having been selected shall be
deemed vacant, if left unoccupied before the calling
of the roll is finished.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
offer an amendment, in pursuance of a custom
which has been honored for many years in this
House, and which I hope the House will
honor now. I move that before the drawing
takes place the oldest consecutive member
of the House, Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts,
be permitted to make his selection.
Mr. WHEELER. I agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I would also ask that an
eligible seat be reserved for the chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means. We
have seen much inconvenience resulting from
an inconvenient seat being drawn by the gen
tleman who occupied that position.
Mr. PETERS. I object to any further ex-
ceptions beyond what has just been agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would suggest that in
the case of the absence of a member when
his name is drawn his colleagues be allowed
to select his seat for him.
Several Members. No I No !
The question was on Mr. Wheeler's reso-
lution ; and being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
After a recess of ten minutes, to enable the
box to be prepared, the Members and Del-
egates, iu accordance with the resolution
adopted, retired beyond the outer row of seats,
and as their names were drawn and called
came forward and selected their seats; the first
name called being that of Abraham E. Gab-
rf.tt, of Tennessee, and the last drawn that of
Jeremiah M. Wilson, of Indiana.
adjournment over.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next at twelve o'clock m. I will state that the
Senate has adjourned till that time, and the
House will gain nothing in the way of facili-
tating business by meeting on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
american commerce
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3) to encourage mari-
time commerce under the American flag; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce when appointed,
and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCOPIELD, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 7, 1871.
Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., offered up the
following prayer:
Almighty and eternal God, Author of law
and Source of power, Fountain of all good and
Judge of all men, before Thy throne we come
as the representatives of a people whom Thou
hast highly honored, and whom Tho-u bast
blessed as no other nation on earth. For the
memories of the past, for the blessings of the
present, for the hopes of the future, we bless
Thy reverend name. Thou hast given us the
wisdom and virtue to found a Government
upon the eternal principles of truth and jus-
tice and give to the world an example of self-
government. By the inspiration which Thou
dost give to Thy creatures, Thou hast enabled
us to found schools of learning, houses of
mercy, and temples of piety. Thou hast smiled
upon our land, and the wilderness has blos-
somed like the rose; our fields have become
white with the harvest. Unto us Thou hast
given the wealth of the everlasting hills and
the riches of the deep. Oh, do Thou guide us
in the future as in the past. May Christianity,
with its Jessons of wisdom, its examples of
charity, its precepts of duty, its saving power,
refine and ennoble our nation. And in Thy
goodness, remember our Chief Magistrate;
guide and sustain Thy servant who presides
over this body; inspire and direct our Sen-
ators ; and may those who appear in these
Halls bearing their new honors and responsi-
bilities prove worthy of their high calling and
be^ equal to every duty. With Thee for our
guide we cannot err. With Thee for our help
