718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
that corporation. Railroads are managed upon
the same principle that all other private inter-
ests are, that of selfishness, an enlightened
selfishness, to be sure, when well and judi-
ciously administered. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company are no exception. They
have practically a monopoly of all the travel
that goes out of this city northward. They can
command all that travel with their present de-
pot, and with such conveniences as they now
afford and at such rates of fare as they choose
to impose, and they have no interest to pro-
vide further accommodations for the public.
Men do not build railroads pro bono publico,
nor run them on that principle, and until we
take hold of the matter in Congress and com-
pel that road and all other roads that come
into this city to bring their passenger trains
where they can receive and discharge their
passengers to their convenience, they will
be left out here at this part of the city that, I
believe, is known as Swampoodle. It was with
a view to make this suggestion that I sought
to interrupt the gentleman from Maryland,
and I trusted that when he was speaking in
behalf of this corporation he would have risen
to the height of that conception, and would
have consented that the road he represents, in
common with every other road, should com-
bine in establishing a common depot for all
the roads that come into the city from every
direction.
I know that the gentlemen who come from
the North and return to the North are not
much interested in this matter; but travelers
to the South and Southwest are very largely
interested in it; and I will say to the gentle-
man that unless something of the kind is done
he will find that a large portion of the ''through
travel," as it is called, to the South, instead
of coming through this city, will either go by
the way of Norfolk and the sea-board or else
by Richmond and the low^r Potomac. This
is the capital of the nation, a city which every
lover of his country delights in visiting and
delights to see improved and built up, and yet
it is a gratification that may cost the traveler too
much when he has an opportunity by avoiding
it to be relieved from the many personal dis-
comforts that attend the passage through this
city.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swaxx] objected to the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Dickey] on the ground
that it would impair Pennsylvania avenue or
embarrass the travel upon it; the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlep„] on the
■ ground that it would encroach upon the Gov-
ernment grounds, which are destined to be a
park. Now, it will do neither. By an act of
the last Congress the Potomac Railroad Com-
pany are authorized to build a depot on Vir-
ginia avenue, after the style of the depot at
Lancaster eity, of which I hold a photograph
in my hand. The company now ask and have
obtained from the eity authorities the right to
extend their road along Sixth street, subor-
dinate to any plans which may be adopted for
a park, to a lot of ground south of Pennsyl-
vania avenue, but in the rear of buildings
which front upon that avenue and Sixth street,
so that they can make their offi-ces fronting
upon Pennsylvania avenue and bring their
railroad in to the rear of them, within one
hundred and twenty feet of Pennsylvania ave-
nue. In that way strangers who are within
the city, or citizens here, may go into com-
fortable offices just on Pennsylvania avenue,
purchase their tickets, have their baggage
checked, and pass to the rear and take their
seats in the ears for travel. What possible
advantage can come to Washington or to pub-
lic business by compelling every traveler to
walk a long distance or take a cab to and from
the depot?
The council of the city of Washington has
carefully guarded the rights of the corpora-
tion and all the prospective rights of those
who may have charge of the park, and have
granted, and ask Congress to confirm the grant,
to the Potomac Railroad Company the priv-
ilege of coming within two hundred feet of
the avenue and of erecting their offices there
and a handsome depot, which will embellish
the city, at the corner of Sixth street and
Pennsylvania avenue.
It is said that this road is to be under the
management of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. If so, that is a guarantee that they
will put up no mean station. This [exhibiting
a photograph] is the style of their depot at
Harrisburg. This [exhibiting another photo-
graph] is the style of their depot at Pittsburg.
At Altoona they have an elegant hotel cover-
ing a whole square. They propose here, how-
ever, and have acquired the right to the grounds
and the buildings as I understand, to put their
ticket offices, &c., fronting on Pennsylvania
avenue and extending back to the lot which
makes the boundary of the grant under the
ordinance of the city which we are now asked
to confirm.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to close
debate on this amendment of the Senate I
desire to say a single word. If anything could
have strengthened me in the conviction that I
was right the other day in the position I took
in reference to this park it has been the debate
upon this subject on this occasion. But I
have been misinterpreted in the remarks I
then made, and I desire now to say a few
words further.
I am willing to vote for the proposition of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.] It
is in precise accordance with the remarks I
made the other day, although they have been
con-trued as hostile to the park itself. Since
that time I have been over these grounds; I
was taken over them by the board of public
works. And I would not say another word to
this House on the subject if every member
of the House had also been over the grounds.
I believe they would have been convinced,
beyond a doubt, of two things: that what I
said in my remarks is true, that it was capable
of being made the most beautiful park in the
world. More than then am I now convinced
that these grounds are capable of being made
the most beautiful park in the' world; and
that here, of all the places in the world, such a
park ought ultimately to be.
But I have also been convinced more than I
was then of the immense expense that would
be entailed upon the country by any undertak-
ing to carry out the plan. I am here to-day
to do what I can to save and keep that prop-
erty for that time, when it may come, that we
shall be justified in undertaking that work,
which I believe it is fitting for the United
States at some time to do. But' no man can
go over those grounds and say that it is possible
to make anything dccent of them and keep
that canal there. There is the broad canal,
of no mortal use in the world, except for two
things: to allow boats loaded with coal, &c.,
to come down the Potomac river from George-
town until they get about off the Washington
monument, and then to run into this canal
for half a mile and unload their cargoes for
market. That is all the use it can be put to
or was built to be put to. There is no outlet
at the other end of the canal, and is but a
long pool of dirty water. It is proposed to
build this magnificent park with wooden
bridges over that foul pool, full of all unclean-
ness and every filthiness, so that the stench
thereof is beyond endurance even now in the
month of April, 1871.
The proposition which is attached to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] that we shall stop exca'
vating the canal until further order by Con
gress, is worth the whole thing to the peo
pie of Washington. We appropriated las
year, without due consideration, the sum of
§100,000 to scoop out the canal and keep it a
perpetual nuisance to this city. The contract
is about to be entered into and the work com-
menced. There is pending a proposition,
which I have moved as an amendment to the
substitute of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] to stop all proceedings in that matter
until the further order of Congress. Sir, if I
could accomplish for the city of Washington
the filling up of that canal I would risk all the
unkind criticisms that are now made upon my
position, in the faith that ten years hence I
would be blessed by every citizen of Washing-
ton. Fill up that canal, which has no other use
except that of which I spoke the other day,
that it meets half-way the sewerage of Wash-
ington and receives it before it gets out of the
city. I see that a newspaper of this city has
called me to account because I had overlooked
that grand blessing and advantage of the canal,
that the sewerage of the city can be emptied
into it, and need not be carried off to the Poto-
mac. What a blessing, to place the whole
sewerage of this city right before the eyes of
the people and under the windows of those
who live adjacent to this canal!
I think there is danger of encroachments
upon the ground which may be hereafter needed
for this park. I think there are very many com-
plications such as were suggested a few mo-
ments ago by my colleague, [Mr. Butler,] in
whose remarks on this occasion I am happy to
concur. There are squatters' claims all along
the line of this canal; there are claims of more
or less value which have been acquired from
the city, and the city has acquired from the
Government a quasi claim to some of the prop-
erty. All those matters are involved in this
question. Let us do this much: let us put
the ground in such a position that nobody can
encroach upon it, and there let it wait for a
favorable opportunity when the Government
may be able to carry out this project.
I do hope that the House will adopt my
amendment striking out that clause of the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Illinois which
contemplates a continuance of the expenditure
for scooping out this canal. With this amend-
ment adopted, we shall do two things: we shall,
in the first place, put an end to that nuisance ;
and we shall set apart this ground for the ulti-
mate purpose of a park, on which we can ex-
pend money hereafter as we may think best,
and no faster, making at the present time no
appropriation of money, but preventing people
from encroaching upon this ground and letting
them know that it is the property of the United
States.
With these views I support the amendment.
I am opposed to entering now upon the con-
struction of a great public park such as is pro-
posed in theoriginalamendmentof the Senate.
I am not opposed to the idea in itself, but I
do hope that the Government will not enter
upon it at this time. But, Mr. Speaker, there
is danger on all sides of the opportunity being
lost; and no greater danger can arise than from
that very idea which some have, that they can
build a wooden bridge over this nuisance, the
caual. Let us keep our control of the ground
suitable for a park, and then, some time or
other, our children, if it be not our privilege,
will see here in this city one of the grandest
parks in the world.
I move to close debate on the pending
amendment of the Senate and all amendments
thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Dickey, to add to the substitute offered
by Mr. Cook the following:
Provided, That the Baltimore and Potorfiac rail-
road shall have the right to extend its track from
Virginia avenue along Sixth street and across the
canal to the open grounds between Sixth street, B
street, and the canal, and to occupy said ground** tor
depot and railroad purposes, as authorized by tho
city councils of Washington: Provided, hou"ever,
That if at any time a park shall bo established,
including Sixth street, said railroad along Sixth
street shall be so adapted to the park avenues, cither
by tunnels or bridges, as tho board or public works
may direct, as not materially to interfere therewith ;
and that said Sixth street from the canal to Penn-
sylvania avenue shall at all times be kept paved and
