1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
in good repair by said railroad company, and that
existing laws relative to the straightening of said
canal shall r.ot bo affected thereby.
Mr. BECK. Are we to give the railroad
company all that public ground between the
canal and Missouri avenue?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not understand that to
be public ground.
Mr. BECK, Let the amendment be read
again.
TheSPEA-KER. Debate is exhausted; but
if there be 110 objection the amendment will
be read again.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes 53, noes 81.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
following amendment of Mr. Burdett to the
substitute of Mr. Cook:
Strike oat in line fourteen the words "and the
Botanic Garden and Capitol grounds."
In line thirty-seven strike out the word " paid"
and insert the word " covered," so that it will read
" covered into the Treasury."
Strike out all after the word "States," in line
thirty-eight, and insert the following: "And no ex-
pense shall be incurred in the establishment of said
park save only as shall be provided for by the legis-
lative council of the District of Columbia."
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
The question then recurred on Mr. Cook's
substitute.
Mr. MERRICK. I move to insert after the
words " saidlots" the words " and squares, not
exceeding five."
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will not sell Judi-
ciary aud other public squares.
Mr. MERRICK. It does not refer to the
public squares for they are specially reserved.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move a substitute
for the substitute of my colleague :
Strikeout all after the word "that" and in lieu
thereof insert the following:
The sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to be expended by the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, under the supervision of the
architect of the Capitol extension, in grading, filling
up, inclosing, removing buildings, and improving
the public grounds and streets around the Capitol.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the same amend-
ment offered some time since by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] with a
proviso which gives it a different character.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the amendment of the Senate by adding
thereto the following:
Provided, That the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road shall have the right to oxtend its track from
Virginia avenue along Sixth street and across the
canal to the open grounds between Sixth street, B
street, and the canal, and to occupy said grounds
for depot and railroad purposes, as authorized by
the city councils of Washington : Provided, however,
That it at any time a park shall be established, in-
cluding Sixth street, said railroad along Sixth street
shall be so adapted to the park avenues, either by
tunnels or bridges, as the board of public works may
direct, as notmatcrially to interfere therewith; and
that said Sixth street from the canal to Pennsyl-
vania avenue shall at all times bo kept paved and
in good repair by said railroad company ; and that
existing laws relative to the straightening of said
canal shall not be affected thereby: And provided
further, That any other railroad which enters the
city shall have the privilege of using the said depot,
buildings, and grounds for the receipt and delivery
of its passengers upon such terms as may be equal
and just.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
28, noes 72; no quorum voting.
MAYNARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 07.
Mr. BECK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 73, not voting
61; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bell, Bighy, Bird, Austin Blair,George
M. Brooks, Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton, Creely, 3>e
Large, Duel!. Dunnell. Eames, Edwards, Elliott.
Parnsworth, Farwell, JPinkclnburg, Forkcr, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Fry©, Garrett, Getz, Griffith,
Halsey.Hawiey. Gerry W. Ilazleton, John W. Hazle-
ton. Hill, Hoar, Kelley, Lamport, Lansing, Maynard,
McClelland, McJunkm, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Monroe, Leonard Myeis, Orr, Packard,
Packer. Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Raincy, Randall, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scolield, Seeley, Shoemaker,
II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas J".
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe, Turner, Tyner,
Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Walls, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Bcclc, Bingham,
Braxton, J ames Brooks, Buffinton, Benj arnin F. But-
ler, Carroll, Cox, Critcher, Crossland, Dawes, Box,
DuBose, Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Garfield, G-olladay,
llandley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, llay, nib-
bard, Holrnan, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lewis,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McCormick, Mcllenry,
Mclntyre, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Morgan,
Niblack, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Poland, Potter,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam It. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Steven-
son, Storm, Swann, Terry, DwightTownsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Van Trump, Waddell, Warren,
Wells, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Banks,
Barnum, Biggs, James G. Blair, Bright, Roderick
It. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Bar-
rail, Davis, BicKey, Donnan, Goodrich, Haldemnn,
Hale, Hambleton, Harmer, George E. Harris, Ha-
vens, Hays, Hereford, Hooper, Kendall, Ketcham,
Killinger,Leach, Lynch, McCrary,McGrew,McKoo,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey,Morphis, Negley, IloseaW.
Parker, Perce, Peters, Price, Robinson, Sessions,
Sheldon, Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, It.
Milton Speer, Stevens, Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill,
Twvcnell, Upson, Voorhees, Washburn, Wheeler,
and Williams of Indiana—61.
So Mr. MAYXARD'samendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. BECK. The question now is on the
substitute as amended?
The SPEAKER. There can be another vote
on concurring after the substitution is made.
The fact of substitution is not concurrence with
the amendment, but only puts it in a shape for
a final vote.
The question being taken on the substitute,
it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is,
shall the fiftieth amendment of the Senate, as
amended by the House, be agreed to ?
Mr. BECK. On that I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The amendment, as amend-
ed, on which the vote is now to be taken, will
be again read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 19. That for the purpose of connecting the
grounds already owned and belonging to the United
States in the city of Washington for the establish-
ment of a public park the Commissioner of Public
Buildings is hereby authorized to exercise such con-
trol as may be strictly necessary for this object over
the public reservations herein enumerated,namely,
reservation No. 1, south of the President's House;
reservation No. 3, whereon stands the Washington
Monmncnt; reservation No. 2, including the grounds
occupied by the Agricultural Department and around
the Smithsonian Institution ; Armory square, upon
which is located the armory building; the grounds
bounded by Missouri and Maine avenues, between
Third and Sixth streets; and the Botanic Garden and
Capitol grounds; and th£ Commissioner of Public
Buildings may adopt, with the approval of the Pres-
ident of the United States and the Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and of
the House of Representatives, any plan for the im-
provement of said park which shall appear to offer
the greatest advantages and shall bo within the cost
herein provided for: Provided, That the proceeds of
the sale of such lots, not including any public squares
belonging to the United States in the Territory of
Columbia, as may not be needed for public purposes,
not exceeding ten in number, to be selected with the
approval ol theCommittees on Public Buildingsand
Grounds of the Senate and House of Representatives,
shall be applied to the improvement and laying out
of said park, and shall be sold by the officer in charge
of public buildings and grounds in suitable building
lots, at public sale, a minimum rate at which such
sale shall be authorized to be previously fixed by the
Secretary ol the Interioi; and the funds arising
therefrom shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States as a special fund, to be set apart for
defraying the cost of opening roadways and walks
bridging streets, and other work attending the im-
provement of the public park. No expense shall be
incurred in laying out and improving said park
except such sum as shall be received from the sale
of said lots (which shall be used as the same shall be
received) and such sums as shall be appropriated by
the Legislative Assembly of the District of Columbia
for that purpose: Provided, That no further steps
shall be taken to excavate the canal until further
ordered by Congress: And provided further, That
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad shall have the
right to oxtend its track from Virginia avenue along
Sixth street and across the canal to the open grounds
between Sixth street, B street, and the canal, and
to occupy said grounds for depot and railroad pur-
poses, as authorized by the city councils of Wash-
ington: Provided, however, That if at any time a
park shall be established, including Sixth street,
said railroad along Sixth street shall be so adapted
to the park avenues, either by tunnels or bridges,
as the board of public works may direct, as not
materially to interfere therewith; and that said
Sixth street from the canal to Pennsylvania avenuo
shall at all times be kept paved and in good repair
by said railroad company; and that existing laws
relative to the straightening of said canal shall not
be affectcd hereby : And provided further. That any
other railroad which enters the city shall have the
privilege of using the said depot buildings and
grounds for the receipt and delivery of its passengers,
upon su h terms as may be equal and j ust.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 118, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Averill, Barry, Bigby, James
Brooks, Cobb, Conger, Cook, Creely, Davis, Dawes,
Duell, Dunnell, Edwards, Elliott, Ely, Henry D.
Foster, Griffith, John W. Hazloton, Kelley, Lam-
port, Maynard, McJunkin, Mercur, Merrick, Mon-
roe, Leonard Myers, Packer, Porter, Prindle, Rai-
ney, Ritchie, Roosevelt. Sawyer, Seeley, Shellahar-
ger, Shoemaker, II. Boardman Smith, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stoughton. Stowell, St. John, Turner,
Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, and Wheeler,—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bingham, Bird, Austin
Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Biooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Caldwell, Carroll, Coburn, Cotton, Critcher, Cross-
land, DeLarge, Dox, Du Bose, Eames, Finkelnburg,
Forker, Charles Foster, Frye, Garrott, Getz, Golla-
day, llandley, Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris,
Joan T. Harris, Havens. Hawiey, Hay, Hibbard.
Hoar, llolman, Kerr, King, Kinseila, Lamison,
Lewis, Lowe, Manson, McClelland, MeCormiek. Mc-
Crary, Mcllenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, McNeely,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pen-
dleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Ricc, John M. Rice,
Ellis II. Roberts, William It. Ro belts, Itu&k, Shanks,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A.
Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Stevenson, Storm, Strong,
Sutherland, Terry, 1)wight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Walden, Walls, Weils, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Wil-
lard, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T.Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Young—-113.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams. Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick R. Butler,
Campbell, Clarke, Comingo, Cox, Crcbs, Darrall,
Dickey, Donnan, Duke, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Garfield, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey,
Hambleton, Harmer, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton*
Hereford, Ilill, Hooper, Kendall, Ketcham, Killin-
ger, Lansing, Leach, Lynch, Marshall, McGrew,
McKee. Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Negley,
Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Peters, Potter, Pi ice, Rob-
inson, Rogers, Seolicld, Sessions, Sheldon. Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stevens,
Swann, Sypher, TaiTe, Thomas, Tuthill, Twichell,
Upson, Voorhees, Warren, Washburn, and Williams
of Indiana—70.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was non-concurred in.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the forty-ninth amendment of the Senate,
which had been passed over informally.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment, as amended by the House, as
follows:
Sec. 18. That the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall cause to be engraved and prepared, on such
paper and of such form and design as he may pre-
scribe, blank circulating notes for national banking
associations, and shall issue the same to the national
banking associations in plaocof their worn-out and
mutilated circulating not cs, and any additional issue
of national bank notes that may be made m pursu-
ance of law shall be m the new notes he'iwm piovided
for, so soon as the same are ready for issuer Pro-
vided,. That the expense incurred and which shall
become necessary in executing the provisions of this
section shall bo paid by the said banking associa-
tions in proportion to their circulation, at.-ueii time
and in such manner as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, in addition lo the tax now and
heretofore imposed by law on such banking associa-
tions.
Mr. CONGEE. Before the vote is taken 1
desire to move to amend the proviso adopted
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmax] by striking out the words " their
circulation" and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "to the relative expense of each to the
whole expense incurred under the provisions
of this section."
