1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
cotton seized in the possession of the rightful own-
ers, or their legal representatives, on and after the
30th day of June, 1805.
Mr. DAWES. I must raise the point of
order on that amendment.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will not
make any point of order on it. It is a mere
matter of justice.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know the full ex-
tent of it. I know the gentleman thinks he
understands how far it will reach, some four
or five hundred thousand dollars, but I am not
satisfied. There is no doubt there are pro-
ceeds of property of this description in the
Treasury which should come out, but such a
measure should not be passed without fair
consideration.
Mr. GARRETT. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment:
Be it further enacted, That the sum of £2,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for the pay-
ment of Mrs. Catharine Odlam for her stock, provis-
ions, and household goods taken and used for the
benefit of thearmies oftheUnitedStates during the
late rebellion.
Mr. LYNCH, and Mr. BUTLER of Massa-
chusetts, objected.
Mr. GARRETT. Will the gentlemen with-
draw their objection for one moment, until I
can state the facts ?
Mr. BUKCHARD. I object to any debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to go back  
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] does not know what I
want.
Mr. SHANKS. I object to going back for
any purpose. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. An amendment was
adopted by the House on Wednesday last,
which repeals a portion of a very important
act passed last summer, with reference to par-
dons and amnesties andtheir effect upon claims
in the Court of Claims. I think very few gen-
tlemen understood the effect of that amend-
ment, which was moved by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and whichrepealed
a proviso which takes up nearly a printed page
in this book.
Mr. HOAR. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask that
that amendment may be reconsidered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that.
Mr. DAWES. If it is in order now, I wish
to call the previous question on the amend-
ment of the Senate to the title of this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment of which I
spoke to him the other day.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thethirty seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, which has been concurred
in by the House, is as follows :
Sec. 6. That any appropriations heretofore made
for any public works, buildings, or grounds, for the
year commencing July 1,1871, shall be available for
the current year: Provided, That no expenditure
beyond the several sums already appropriated shall
be authorized by this section.
I desire to move to amend by inserting before
the proviso the following:
And until such works, buildings, and grounds shall
be completed, as provided by the law making said
appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I now renew my motion for
the previous question upon the amendment to
the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the gentleman with-
draw that call until I can offer the following
amendment?
Sec. —. That the sum of $17,700 be paid to Br.
Leomdas Russell, and his wife, Martha L. Russell,
for property taken and used by the Federal Army at
the battle of Stone River, Rutherford county, Ten-
nessee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question ; and being taken,
the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that the bill
and amendments be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] proposes to move to lay this
bill upon the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is debate
in order 1
Mr. DAWES. Certainly it is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. After the
previous question has been seconded?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who re-
ported the bill has the closing hour.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to occupy
four miuutes of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] objects to his col-
league [Mr. Dawes] speaking for more than
an hour. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
did not know but he would want to talk more
than an hour, and I thought I would enter my
caveat against it.
Mr. DAWES. In anticipation of the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I
desire to call the attention of the House to the
fact that laying this bill on the table will pre-
vent carrying out provisions of law granting
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812, and
paying assistant marshals extra pay for taking
the census; it would prevent the Sisters of
Mercy in Charleston from getting $20,000 to
rebuild their orphan asylum ; it would prevent
the poor, perishing, starving, aged, decrepit
colored people of this District from getting
$12,000 for their support. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The speech of
the gentleman proves the value of this spring
session.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] says that laying this
bill on the table would prevent all the import-
ant results he has indicated. It would prevent
no such thing, for there is nothing to prevent
the gentleman from bringing iu a bill for those
purposes at any moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays on laying this bill on the
table; we may as well come to that at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 126, not voting
49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Barry, Beatts.
Bigby, Bingham, James Brooks, Buckley, Burch-
ard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Creely, Crossland, Duell. Dunnell, Eldridge,
Garfield, Gerry W. tiazleton, Iloar, Kelloy, Lami-
son, Lansing, Lynch, Manson, Maynard, Monroe,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Aaron F. Berry, Piatt,
Porter, Ramey, Rusk, Seeley, Shanks, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevenson. Stowcll. St. John, Sutherland, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Tyner, Wakeman, Wallace,
Whiteley, Willard, Jeremiah M. "Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averill, Beck, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks, Butfinton, Caldwell.
Cook, Cotton, Cox, Critehcr, Davis, Dawes, Do
Large, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Karnes, Edwards,
Elliott, Farnswortii, Earwell. Finkelnburg, Porker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Getz. Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Ilatsey, Handlcy,
Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
llawley. Hay, John W. Ha/.leton. Hereford, nib-
bard, Hill, llolman. Hooper, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lewis, Lowe, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, McCormick, McCrary, MeHenry, Mcln-
tyre, McJunkin, McKinney, McNeelv. Mercur,
Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers. Moore,
Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblack, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Peck, Eli Perry, Poland, Potter, Pnndle,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. ltice, John M. Rice,
Ellis H.Roberts,William It. Roberts, Rogers,Roose-
velt, Sawyer, Scofield, Sliellabarger, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Storm, Stougliton, Strong, Swann, Taffe,
Terry, Dwight Townsend, Twiehell, Van Tiump,
Vaugban, Waddell, WaOlen, Waldron. Walls, War-
ren, Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams of New
York, Winchester, Wood, and Young—126.
NUT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnum,
Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick R. Butler, Camp-
bell. Carroll, Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Darrali,
"Dickey, Donnan, Ely, Goodrich. Haldernan, Ham-
bleton, Hartner, Havens, Hays, Ketcham, Killinger,
Leach, McGrew, McKee. Mitchell, Morey, Morphis,
Negley, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Pe-
ters, Prico, Ritchie, Robinson, Sessions, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill, Upson, Voorhees, Wash-
burn, and Williams of Indiana—49.
So the motion to lay the billon the table was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question upon the motion to amend the
title.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the amendment to the
title was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that a conference
with the Senate ou the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses be requested.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote •
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table. ■
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST BOLES TS. EDWARDS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimou^xonsent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That in the contested-election case of
Thomas Boles against John Edwards, from the third
district of Arkansas, the time to take testimony by
the parties be extonded for sixty days after the
expiration of the time allowed by law.
ENFORCEMENT OS FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I move that the
House take from the Speaker's table Senate
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 320) to en-
force the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes.
Mr. COX. What is the object of the gen-
tleman? I reserve any point of order till I
hear the gentleman's statement.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire that we
shall now proceed to the consideration of
those amendments. Unless debate is desired,
I shall move the previous question upon the
series. I shall not ask the House to concur in
all the amendments. Upon the last two 1
shall ask the sense of the House upon non-
concurring, that there may be a committee of
conference. As to the others, I should be
glad to have them concurred in. The two
amendments in which I desire non-concurrence
are, first, the provision in relation to the jury
oath, and second, what is known as " the Slier -
man amendment," being the last section of the
bill as it comes from the Senate. On these
two amendments I desire non-concurrence
and the appointment of a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. WOOD. I can see no possible objection
to agreeing to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio in regard to the consideration of
these amendments, so that we may reach a
conclusion on this question at, the.earliest pos-
sible moment. I am glad that he proposes to
move, on the part of the committee of which
he is chairman, a non-concurrence on those
two most obnoxious amendments made by the
Senate. I hope the House will proceed to the
consideration of these amendments.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendments of the Senate will be taken
from the Speaker's table for consideration at
this time.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHELLABAKGER. I demand the
previous question on the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. COS. Does the gentleman from Ohio
propose to non-concur in the amendments
which are so obnoxious ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
propose to concur in all the amendments to
the second section?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understand that
