18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
day of December, when Congress is convened
under the Constitution.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If I recollect rightly,
four years ago committees were not appointed
at the assembling of Congress. Am I correct
about that?
Mr. COX. Yes, you are.
Mr. NIBLACK. I remember that four years
ago we did not organize the committees until
a month had elapsed. But everybody can see
the impropriety of that. All that I insist upon
is that we should adopt one or the other policy.
We should either determine not to meet here-
after on the 4th of March, or else, if we do
meet, we should go on to perfect the organiza-
tion of the House. We ought to do one thing
or the other. I say to you very frankly that
inasmuch as we are sworn members of the
present House, I should prefer to know what
is going to be required of me next winter. I
have no ambition in the world as to where I
shall be placed; everybody, I think, who knows
me understands that, but whatever committee
I am to be on, whether it be that on Mileage,
or that on Accounts, or upon some committee
that never meets, if you please, I would like
to know it, so that I may shape my congres-
sional career accordingly; and I think it is
very natural that every other member of the
House should feel in the same way. Of course,
however, that is a matter for every gentleman
to consider for himself. I now yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge,] and I shall not claim the floor
any more.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only wish to say that
I agree substantially with all that the gentle-
man from Indiana has said upon this subject.
There is a great deal of practical sense in the
suggestion that the members of this House
ought to know at as early a day as possible
upon what committees they are to serve. If
it is important to the gentleman from Indiana,
whose service has been so long here, whose
experience in the House has been so great,
how much more important is it to young mem-
bers of Congress, and especially to those who
have come to Congress for the first time. It is
expected of members of committees that they
shall make the subjects properly before their
committees a specialty, that they shall be bet-
ter acquainted with the subjects to be investi-
gated and reported upon by the committees
upon which they serve than the majoi-ity of
the House, and we all know with what faith
and reliance we take the reports of commit-
tees. Most of the legislation which is done in
Congress is done in the committees. There is
scarcely a measure passed but what comes
here and is passed through the House upon
the faith and recommendation of the commit-
tee from which the report is made.
Now, I am not in favor of general legislation.
I do not know that the country needs any legis-
lation. There are some matteis, I think, that
have been left undone that ought to have been
done. I think we ought to have reformed the
revenue service, and there are several other
matters thatl think ought to have been attended
to ; but the most important matter of all is that
gentlemen shall know upon what committee
they are to serve, so that they shall make the
subjects belonging to that committee a spe-
cialty, and be prepared to go into the investi-
gation in earnest, and with that knowledge of
the subject which is necessary in order to a
faithful discharge of their duties. It seems to
me that this of itself is controlling, and ought
to control the action of the House. Of course
I do not undertake to dictate to the majority
what they shall do. Their political action is
a matter for themselves. I speak of it only in
a practical sense, and in view of the country,
and not in view of party politics.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
gentleman from Indiana will withdraw this
resolution. I would agree with him that if we
are to stay here and enter upon the general
work of the session it would be absolutely
necessary for the appointment of the commit-
tees. Nothing would be so dangerous as to
attempt legislation without the aid of commit-
tees. But, Mr. Speaker, with great unanimity,
the House decided on Saturday that they
would not enter upon general legislation. We
do not know, and we have no reason to know,
that the Senate will not concur in the action
of the House on Saturday, and every indication
is that, if they do not concur in the very day
that we have fixed, they will concur in so early
a day as to be precisely the same interpretation
on their part of the determination of Congress
that we gave by the resolution Saturday.
But, sir, if we do appoint the committees, we
plunge at once into the general legislation of
the country, and we have had from my col-
league [Mr. Hoofer] a report from the
Executive, that he has not at present any
communication to make to either branch upon
any special necessary legislation within his
knowledge.
So, Mr. Speaker, there does not seem to
me to be any occasion for doing anything that
will tend to lead us into the general legislation
of the country. I am one of those who believe
that we legislate too much, that it were better
for the country that we had not met at all, but
had organized in December, according to the
custom of Congress for a great many years.
This meeting in March was for a special neces-
sity, which has passed away, and I trust that
we shall at an early period repeal the law that
brings Congress together, from the extremes
of the nation, for the sole purpose of an or-
ganization, without any necessity of legislation;
and anything that tends to lead the new Con-
gress, upon the heels of an old one, into the
general legislation of the country, without our
attention being called by the Executive to any
necessity or without any necessity apparent to
us, it does seem to me ought to be avoided.
While, therefore, I agree with the gentleman
from Indiana that if -we are to stay here the
eyes and ears of the House, its committees,
must be set to work, yet, when they are set
to work, it will be impossible for,us to tell when
we can adjourn. I hope, therefore, my friend
will withdraw his resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that instead of having this resolution with-
drawn, we take a vote upon the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,]
to lay the resolution on the table, and in that
way we will get an expression of the sense of
the House upon the subject. If the resolution
is withdrawn, we will have had no expression
of opinion, except from the gentlemen who
have spoken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
that the House would consider the exact state
of public business. We have just passed through
a session of Congress lasting from December
to March, during which we passed the appro-
priation bills and one other public measure of
important legislation, and during which we
passed nothing else but private bills. I, for
one, do not desire to enter upon a new career
of legislation of that character. All the great
interests of the country were left to take care
of themselves. Ifthere was nothing to be dealt
with but questions of finance, questions of rev-
enue, questions of the tariff, and the ordinary
legislation of the country, I would be content
to adjourn this session at once.
But I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that
there is a state of things in the southern part
of this country which calls for legislation, and
such legislation as will enable the President to
carry out the constitutional guarantees of pro-
tection to life, liberty, and property. And I
desire to enter upon no other legislation than
that at this time. I trust that it was in view
of that condition of things that the President
informed the committee of this House that he
did not wish Congress this week to fix upon
any day of final adjournment.
I quite agree that it is best not to appoint
the committees of this House for the purpose
of going into general legislation. But I do
hope this House will not adjourn. This House
ought not to adjourn ; it will, in my judgment,
be false to its duty to the Union, false to its
duty to the Constitution, if it shall adjourn
and leave the condition of things in the South
which is now found there, and the President
powerless to correct it. I will send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have read, as a part
of my remarks, an official communication
from the Governor of South Carolina, con-
cerning the present condition of affairs in five
counties of that State.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. WOOD. Is this in the line of proper
discussion of the resolution before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
that this whole discussion has been by in-
dulgence of the House. The Chair received
the resolution originally as one of privilege,
although that is not its character, because he
regarded it as important to have the question
settled.
Mr. WOOD. I hope we will be allowed on
this side of the House to correct any misrep-
resentations of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER. The discussion, of course,
should relate to the subject of the resolution.
Mr. WOOD. Does the Chair consider the
resolution as properly before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House,
although, had the point of order been made
and insisted upon by any member, that it did
not present a question of privilege, the Chain*
would have been compelled to sustain thaf^
point of order.
Mr. WOOD. .Is it too late to raise that point
of order now ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late, for the res-
olution has been received, and discussion has
proceeded upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask to
have this paper read as a portion of my re-
marks.
The Clerk read a portion of the paper as
follows :
State of Sotjtii Carolina,
Exfxutive Department,
Columbia, February 28,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith the
report of outrages committed in your district, as fur-
nished mo by Captain J. B. Hubbard, chief State
constable. A similar report was sent to Hon. 0. P.
Morton, Senator, some time since, also to Hon. S.
L. Hogk.
Very respectfully, ' E. K. SCOTT,
Governor.
Hon. Alex. S. Wallace, M. C., Washington, D. O.
State of South Carolina,
Office of Chief Constable,
Columbia, February 14,1871.
To his Excellency, R. K. Scott , Governor:
I have the honor to transmit herewith a statement
of murders and outrages committed in the counties
ofLaurens, Union, Spartanburg, York, and Abbeville
since October 19,1870 :
Laurens County.—Volney Powell, elected judge of
probate; Wade A. Perrin, elected member house
of representatives, and eleven others, all leading
Republicans, were killed in one day. Fifty men and
women taken from their homes, brutally whipped
and maltreated, and from information derived Irom
reliablecitizensatleastonehundred and lifty human
beings have been driven from their homes and are
now refugees in this and adjoining counties.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a question of
order. The pending resolution relates simply
to the appointment of committees ; and not a
word has been said on this side of the House
which was not pertinent to that question. The
matter now presented by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is not at all ger-
mane to the subject-matter of the resolution.
I ask the ruling of the Speaker upon this ques-
tion of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The com-
munication which has been read has direct
relation to the question whether we shall go
on with legislation, and therefore whether we
shall appoint committees.
