724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
every member of the House has the right to
demand a vote on any separate amendment.
The SPEAKER. Of course, a separate
vote can be demanded on each amendment by
any member.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. But the de-
mand for the previous question cuts off all
discussion.
The SPEAKER. It does. The gentleman
from Ohio himself will have no right to discuss
any of these amendments if the previous ques-
tion be seconded.
Mr. SHELLABAEGrER. So far as I am
myself responsible for the management of this
bill I do not wish to cut off debate. I have
demanded the previous question because of
suggestions coming not only from this but
from the other side of the House; and if it be
not agreeable to a majority of the House to
cut off debate on these Senate amendments
they will vote down the demand for the pre-
vious question. I have no other inclination
than to conform to the wishes of the House.
Mr. COX. I can state for the gentlemen
immediately around me that they do not desire
any further discussion of this bill. These
amendments of %he Senate, so far as they are
concerned, should be passed with the silence
of death and the grave. Let gentlemen who
vote for it take the responsibility.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken separately onthefol-
lowing amendments of the Senate to the second
section; and they were severaiiy concurred in:
Strikeout the words "against the will andstrike
out the words "of the United Seated" and in lieu
theteof insert " thereof;" in the nineteenth line in-
sert alter the word "any " the words "parry orin
line twenty, after the word "from," insert the words
" attending such court, or from;" in line twenty-two
insert the words "party or;" in line twenty-three
insert the words " attended or;" and in lines twen-
ty-eight and twenty-nine insert the words "oron
account of his being or having been such juror;" so
ir will read as tollows :
Sec. 2. That it two or more persons within any
Stateor Territory of theUnited States shall conspire
together to overthrow, or to put down, or to destroy
by force the Government of the United States, or to
levy war against the United States, or to oppose by
force the authority of the Government of the United
States, or by ioroo, intimidation, or threat to pre-
vent, hinder, or delay the execution of any law of
the United States, or by force to seize, take, or pos-
sess any property of the United States contrary to
The authority thereof, or by force, intimidation, or
threat to prevent any person from accepting or hold-
ing any office or truss or place of confidence under
the United States, or from discharging the duties
thereof, or by force, intimidation, or threat to induce
any officer of the United States to leave any State,
district, or place where his duties as such officer
might lawfully be performed, or to injure him in his
person or property on accountof hislawful^discharge
ot the duties of his office, or by torce, intimidation,
or threat to deter any party or witness in any court
of the United States irom attending such court, or
from testifying in any matter pending in such court
fully, freely, and truthfully, or to injure any such
party or witness in his person or property on account
of his having so attended or testified, or by force,
intimidation, or threat to influence the verdict, pre-
sentment, or indictment, ot anyjuror or grandjuror
m any court of the United States, or to injure such
juror m his person or property on account of any
verdict, presentment, or indictment lawfully as-
sented to by him, or on account of his being or hav-
ing been such juror, or shall conspire together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway or upon the
premises of another for the purpose, either directly
or indircctly, of depriving any person or any class
of persons of the equal protection of thelaws, or of
equal privileges or immunities under the laws, or
for the purpose of preventing or hindering the con-
stituted authorities of any State Irom giving or
securing to all persons within such State the equal
protection ot the laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded a separate
vote on the following amendment to the sec-
ond section:
Inline seventeen strike out the word "his" and
in lieuthereof insert thowords "orwhile engaged m
the," so it will read, "or to injure him in his per-
son or property on account of or while engaged in
the lawful discharge of the duties of his office," &c.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
4.4, noes 89.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment:
In the second section, line thirty-six, after the
words "equal protection of the* laws" insert the
following:
Or shall conspire together for the purpose of m any
manner impeding, hindering, obstructing, or defeat-
ing the due course ot justice in any State or Terri-
tory, with intent to deny to any citizen of the United
States the due and equal protection of the laws.
Mr. WOOD demanded a separate vote.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
87, noes 71.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays7G, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ambler, Averill. Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Bufiinton. Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin P. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cotton, Creely, Dawes, De Large, Dueli, Bunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Frye,
Garfield. Halsey, George E. Harris. Havens, Hawley,
Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hill. Hoar,
Hooper, Kelley, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, McUrary. McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Peck, Pendleton. Aaron F. Perry. Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis II. Roberts,
Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St.
John,Taffe, Washington Townsend, Turner. Twich-
©11, Tyner, Wakem&n, Walden, Waldron. Wallace,
Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—97.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Bird, Braxton, Bright. James Brooks,
Caldwell, Carroll, Cox. Crossland, Davis, Dox, Du-
Bose, Duke, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John
T. Harris, Hereford. Hibbard, Holman, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre,
McKinney. McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Myers,
Morgan, Niblack, Eli Perry, Potter, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, JohnM. Rice, WilliamR.Roberts,
Roosevelt, Sherwood, Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Storm,
Sutherland, Swann. Terry, Dwight Townsend. Van
Trump, Vaugnan, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—76.
iS'OT VOTING — Messrs. Ames. Banks, Barnum,
Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick R. Butler. Camp-
bell. Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Critcher, D.irrall,
Dickey. Donnan, Edwards, Eidridge, Ely. Farns-
worth.Farwell, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hale, Ham ble-
ton, Harmer, Hay, Hays, Ketcham, ICillinger, Kin-
sella, McGrew, McKee, Mitchell, Moore, Morey,
Morphis, Negley, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Perce, Peters, Price, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers,
Sessions, Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sypher, Thomas, Tut-
hill, Upson, Voorhees, Washburn, and Williams of
Indiana,—57.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague, Mr. Hal-
demax, is paired with Mr. Harmer, of Pennsyl-
vania. If he were here, Mr. Haldeman would
vote " no," and Mr. Harmer would vote "ay."
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to state that I am
paired with Mr. Stpher, of Louisiana. If he
were here he would vote "ay," and I would
vote "no."
Mr. MORGAN. My colleague, Mr. Camp-
bell, is absent in consequence of ill-health.
He is paired with Mr. Dickey, of Pennsylva-
nia. If he were here he would vote no."
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague, Mr. Ritchie,
is paired with Mr. Perce, ot Mississippi, if
my colleague were here he would vote "no."
My colleague, Mr. Hambletox, is paired with
Mr. Parker, of Missouri. If Mr. Hambleton
were here he would vote " no."
Mr. POTTER. My colleague, Mr. Tutiiill,
is paired with Mr. Upson, of Ohio. If my col-
league were here he would vote "no."
Mr. CRITCHER. I am paired with Mr.
Peters, of Maine. I would have voted "no."
Mr. DAWES. My colleague, Mr. Wasii-
burx, who is necessarily detained at home, is
paired on all votes on this bill with Mr. Speer
of Pennsylvania. My colleague, on this amend-
ment, would vote " ay."
Mr. TYNER. My colleague, Mr. Williams,
is paired with Mr. Crebs, of Illinois. Mr.
Williams would have voted "ay."
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS. My colleague,
Mr. Clarke, is paired with Mr. Mitchell, of
Wisconsin. If present, Mr. Clarke would
have voted " ay."
Mr. HIBBARD. My colleague, Mr. Par-
ker, is paired with Mr. McIvEe, of Mississippi,
on all political questions until next Tuesday
morning. If present, my colleague would vote
"no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In section two, line forty-three, after the word
"laws " add the following:
Or by force, intimidation, or threat to prevent
any citizen of the United States lawlully entitled to
vote from giving his support or advocacy in a law-
ful manner toward or in favor of the election of any
lawfully qualified person as an elector of President
or Vice President of the United States, or as a mem-
ber of the Congress of tho United States, or to in-
jure any such citizen in his person or property on
account of such support or advocacy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on
that amendment.
Theamer>dmentwasconcurred in, on adivis-
ion, by sound.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In section two, line sixty-seven, after the word
"any" insert the word "such," and after the word
"conspiracy" strike out the words "such as is de-
fined in this section."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In section three, line three, after the word " so "
strike out tho word " far."
The amendment #as concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows :
In section three, line six, after the word "immun-
ities" insert the words " or protection," and alter
the word " in" insert the words " the Constitution."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In section three, line ten, strike out all after the
word "rights" down to and including the word
" behalf" inline twelve, a3 follows:
And shall fail or neglect, through the proper
authorities, to apply to the President of the United
States for aid in that behalf.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I call for-
a division on that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in, on a
division—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In section three, line fourteen, after the word
"cases" add the following words:
Or whenever any such insurrection, violence, un-
lawful combination, or conspiracy shall oppose or
obstruct the laws of the United States, or the duo
execution thereof, or impede or obstruct the due
course of justice under tho same.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for a separate vote
on that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in, on a
division—ayes 89, noes 54.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows :
In section four, lines thirty-one to thirty-three,
after the word "after" strike out the following
words: " the 1st day of June A. D*1S7-," and insert
in lieu thereof the words " the end of the next regu-
lar session of Congressso it will read:
_ And provided also. That tho provisions of this sec-
tion shall not be in force after the end of the next
regular session of Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 call for a vote on con-
curring in that amendment, and demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 8G, nays 93, not voting
51; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Averill. Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, George M. Drooks, Buckley. But-
finton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coburn.
Conger, Cook, Cotton, Creely, l)e Largo, Duell,Dun-
ne!), Eames. Elliott, Farwcll, Charles Foster. Frye,
Hale, Halsey, George E. Harris, Havens, llawley,
Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hay.Kton, Hill. Hoar,
Hooper, Kelley, Lamport,Lansing, Lowe, Maynard.
McCrary, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Leonard
Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Pendle-
