1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
ton, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle,
Rainey, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scoiieid,
►Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Board -
man Smith, John A. South, Snyder, Thomas J.
Fpeer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John. TalTe, "Washington Townsend. Turner, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Wakeman, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Aithur, Beck, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, James Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Carroll,
Cox, Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Box, DuBose, Duke,
Kd wards. Eldridge. Ely, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg,
Worker, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Hundley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hay,
Hereford, Hibbard, Iiolman, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek, Mclienry, Mc-
lntyrc, McKinney, McNoely, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Eli
Perry, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Riee,
John M.Rice, WilliamR.Roberts, Roosevelt,Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Strong,
Sutherland, Swann, Teiry, Dwight Townsend, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of New York, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—1)3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnuin,
Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick II. Butler, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Copiingo, Crebs, Critcher, Darrall,
Dickey, Doiman, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Hal-
deman, Hambleton, Harraer, Hays, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, McGrew, Mc-Kee, Mitchell, Morcy, Morpbis,
Ncgley, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Perce,
Peters, Price, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Sessions,
Sheldon, Slocuin. Worthington C. Smith, R. Mil-
ton Speer, Starkweather, Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill.
Upson, Voorhees, Waid en, Waldion, Washburn, and
"Williams of Indiana—51.
So tho amendment was not concurred in. •
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PARREll, of Missouri, said: I am
paired on this amendment with Mr. ILjmbix-
ton, of Maryland. If he were here he would
vote "no," and I would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The next amendment of the Senate w;as as
follows:
In section six, line three, after the word "upon"
insert the words *' or arising under."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In section six, line thirteen, after the word
" crime" strike out the following words :
And the act entitled "An act defining additional
causes of challenge and prescribing an additional
oath for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts," approved June 17,1862, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I think we had better
have the yeas and nays on that amendment.
Mr. SHELLABA.HGE11. Oh, no; we ask
that, the amendment be non-concurred in.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and there were—
ayes 12, noes 114.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next and last amendment of the Senate
was then read, as follows:
Snc. 7. That if any house, tenement, cabin, shop,
building, barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or
feloniously demolished, pulled down, burned, or de-
stroyed, wholly or in part, by any persons riotously
and tumnltuously assembled together; or if any per-
son shall unlawfully and with force and violence be
whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed by any per-
sons riotously andtumultuously assembled together;
and if such offense was committed to deprive any
person of any right conferred upon him by the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, or to deter
him Irorn or punish him for exercising any such
i-ight, or by reason of his race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, in every sucl%case the in-
habitants oithe county, city, or parish in which any
ot the said offenses shall be committed, shall be
liable to pay fullcompensation to the person or per-
sons damnified by such offense, if living, or to his
legal representative, if dead; and such compensa-
tion may be recovered by such person or his repre-
sentative by a suit in any court of the United States
-of competent jurisdiction in the district in which the
ofiense was committed, to beintho name of the per-
son injured, or his legal representative, and against
said county, city, or parish; and execution may be
i-sued on a judgment rendered m such suit, and may
be levied upon any property, real or personal, of any
person in said county, city, or parish; and the said
county, city, or parish which may have satisfied said
judgment, or tho person out of whose property said
judgment shall have been satisfied, as the case
may be, may recover the full amount of said judg-
ment, costs, and interest from any person or persons
engaged as principal or accessory in such riot, in an
action, in any court of competent jurisdiction, and
tho person out of whose property such j udgraent
shall have been satisfied shall in such caso have
contribution as at common law; and the circuit
court of the United States for the proper district
shall have jurisdiction of such action.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment; and there were—ayes 28, noes 118.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays. I want an expression of the opin-
ion of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 132, not voting
53 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barber, Barry, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Creely,
Ducll, Dunnell, Elliott, Havens, Gerry W. HazLe-
ton, Keiley, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard. McJunkin,
Merriam, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Orr, Palmer,
Peck, Pendleton, Porter, Prindle, Rainey. Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seelcy, Shanks, H. Board-
man Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Taffe. Turner, Walflen, Wallace, Walls,
and Wheeler—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Averill, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bigby, BiDg-
ham, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks. Burchard, Caldwell, Carroll,
Conger, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Crossland, Davis, Dawes,
Do Large, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eames, Edwards,
Eldndgc, Farnsworth, Earwell, Finkelnburg, l?or-
ker, Charles Foster, Henry D.Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, llalsey, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
llawiey, Hav, John \\. liazleton, Hereford, Hib-
bard, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Leach. Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
jiiLil, 1 X UUKI, J. O.VIVU4 | iiaiUll J
Per T, Piatt,Poland,Potter, Randall. Read, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice. William R. Roberts, Roose-
velt, Scofield, Shelianarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A.Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Storm, Strong,
Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Dwight Townsend,
Washington Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron,
Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard,
Williams of New York. Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood. and Young—13^.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnum,
Biggs, James G. Blair, llodorick R. Butler, Camp-
bell. Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Crebs. Critcher,
Darrall, Dickey, Donnan, Ely, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Hale, Hambleton, lfanner, Hays, Hoar, Ketcham,
Killinsrer, McGrew, McKee, Mitchell, Morey. Mor-
phia, Negley, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Perce, Peters, Price. Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers,
Sessions, Sheldon, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill,
Upson, Voorhees, Washburn, Williams of Indiana,
and John T. Wilson—.1)?..
During the roll-call,
Mr. ARCHER said : My colleague, Mr.
Ritchie, is paired upon this question with the
gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Perce.
Mr. DUKE said : My colleague, Mr.Critch-
er, is paired with Mr. Peters of Maine. My
colleague would have voted " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I now move that
a committee of conference be asked on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
GEOHGi: PLUNKETT.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe all objections
are removed to the bill allowing Mr. Plunkett
to be appointed a paymaster in the Navy, and
I ask unanimous consent that the bill may be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read for information. It au-
thorizes tho President of the United States to
nominate and appoint George Plunkett a pay-
master in the United States Navy.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be read three times and passed.
Mr. BARBER. I object.
INDIAN AI'FAIRS IN MONTANA.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Inte-.iur be
requested to furnish this House copies of tile affida-
vits filed in his Department in answer to the charges
made by M. M. MeCauley against J. A. Pyle, super-
intendent of Indian affairs m Montana Toriitory.
william faiinestock.
Mr. WI-IITTHORNE, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the papers in the ease
of William Fahnestock.
W. D. BOYER.
Mr. GOLLADAY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of W. D.
Boyer.
JOSEPH Vf. CORMACK.
Mr. HAVENS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Joseph
W. Cormack.
JAMES S. J113DGELEY.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of James
S. Redgeley.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HAMBLETON was granted leave of
absence for the remainder of this session.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, was granted
leave of'absence for tho remainder of the
session.
Mr. BIGGS was granted leave of absence
until Monday next.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, was
granted leave of absence for the remainder of
the session.
Mr. ORR was granted leave of absence until
Tuesday next.
Mr. AMBLER was granted leave of absence
for the remainder of the session.
Mr. WINCHESTER was granted indefinite
leave of absence.
Mr. HAYS was granted leave of absence
for the remainder of the session.
MILDRED YARRINGTON.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Mildred
Yarrington.
EXPLORATION OF COLORADO lUVEIt.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained the order of the House for printing for
the use of the House the report accompanying
House bill No. 260, to pay Samuel Adams for
services rendered in exploring the Colorado
river and its tributaries.
RELIEF OF COMMERCE.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
388) to relieve the commerce of the United
Slates ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and to be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means when
appointed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask my colleague [Mr.
! Dawes] to withdraw his motion until I can
i submit to the House a proposition to authorize
i the Secretary of War to give to a society of
! colored people in this city an old Government
j building which is on private property and must
I soon be torn down.
: Mr. RANDALL. I object, and call for the
> regular order of business.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Shellabargeb of Ohio, Mr. Scofield
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Kerr of Indiana,
i as the conferees on tho part of the House upon
i the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the amendments of the Senate to House^ bill
No. 320, to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment, and for other purposes. •
