1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order: it is
whether any resolution instructing the Chair
to appoint committees is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
given his opinion upon that point. As to the
point raised by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Van Trump,] the Chair is compelled to sustain
it, and rule that the discussion opened by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
is not pertinent to the resolution.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, and ask for a vote
upon that question.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] will withdraw that
motion I will withdraw my resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chair rule that a discussion as to what legisla-
tion is necessary 
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
discussion of the question of the condition~of
the southern States, as presented in the letter
read by the Clerk, is not pertinent to this reso-
lution. The Chair cannot doubt the correct-
ness of this ruling.
Mr. NIBLACK. If I have the right to
withdraw my resolution I will do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right, of course, to withdraw the resolution,
although the Chair would be obliged to him
if he would allow an expression of the sen-
timent of the House to be made upon it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think the difficulty is
that the House is not prepared now to act
upon this question, inasmuch as we do not
know what the Senate may do.
Mr. POTTER. I think we are quite pre-
pared to act on the resolution. We are ready
to go home, and ready in the mean time to lay
this resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
to have a vote taken on the resolution, that
the sentiment of the House may be expressed
upon the point involved; but of course the
gentleman offering the resolution has the
right under the rules to withdraw it.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will allow the sense of the House to
be taken on the resolution.
The motion of Mr. Wheeler was agreed to ;
and the resolution of Mr. Niblack was laid on
the table.
dakota contested election.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the time allowed bylaw for taking
testimony in the contested ejection of Delegate to
the Forty-Second Congress from the Territory of
Dakota between M. K. Armstrong, the sitting
Delegate, and W. A. Burleigh, contestant, is hereby
extended for thirty days.
Mr. Speaker, I do not think that these ex-
tensions of time for taking testimony in con-
tested elections ought to be granted without
good reason. I believe it ought to appear, at
least in the Globe, that there is a reason for
them ; that we ought not to run into the prac-
tice of extending the time in these eases
except upon substantial grounds which shall
appear upon record. Therefore, I desire to
state the reason for the extension in this case.
Dr. Burleigh, the contestant, after giving
notice of the contest, was summoned before the
Committee on Appropriations as a witness in
reference to some alleged frauds in the Indian
department. The notice was issued early in
January, but, he was detained here as a wit-
ness before the Committee on Appropriations
till very near the close of the last session of
Congress, thus being kept absent from his res-
idence in Dakota for something more than
thirty days, more than the time of the proposed
extension. I think there is, therefore, a sub-
stantial and satisfactory reason why the time
should be extended.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the regular order.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. If there be any privileged
questions the Chair will entertain them, other-
wise the regular order, having been demanded
by several gentlemen, must be proceeded with.
The regular order is the call ot committees for
reports, but, there being no reports from com-
mittees, which have not been appointed, the
next business in order is the call of States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions.
civil war claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to offer a reso-
lution, to which I believe there will be no
objection, on which it is important that action
should be taken now.
Mr. PETERS. I reserve the right to object
until the resolution shall have been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That hereafter all memorials, petitions,
and other papers relatingto claims arising and grow-
ing out of the late war for the suppression of the
rebellion shall be referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, which shall be known and styled
as tlie Committee on Revolutionary and Civil W ar
Claims.
The SPEAKER. That involves a change
of rules, and would require notice.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. I demand the reg-
ular order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask, then, that the reso -
lution be referred to the Committee on the
Rules.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Are the rules of last
Congress in force ?
The SPEAKER. They are.
There being no objection, the resolution was
referred to the Committee on the Rules, here-
after to be appointed.
adjournment oyer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege, to move that the House
shall adjourn over until Thursday, for the
reason that tlie Senate has voted to lay on
the table the House concurrent resolution for
an adjournment to-morrow, and has itself
adjourned till Thursday.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Thursday at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I rose to move. •
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House
will vote down any resolution to adjourn now,
so as to allow the States to be called for reso-
lutions. My object, I will state, is to allow a
joint resolution or bill to be introduced which
will repeal the duty on coal, and put it in a
position in which the House may reach it and
act upon it without delay.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
not that the House do now adjourn, but that
when it adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Thursday next.
john ii. halley.
Mr. MARSHALL. While that question
is pending, I ask unanimous consent to put
through two little bills which have already
passed the House. They are local, affecting
my district, and I think there will be no objec-
tion. In the first place, I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill to remove the political
disabilities of John H. Halley, of Jasper county,
Illinois.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman permit me to offer an amendment
by inserting the name of John R. Woqdjide,
of Alton, Missouri?
Mr. MARSHALL. I would rather that the
bill be allowed to go through as it is. It applies
to the case of only one individual.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not object to the bill,
but I will object to any amendment.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 4) to remove the political disabilities of
John H. Halley, of Jasper county, Illinois,
was received, read three times, and passed.
post routes in illinois.
Mr. MARSHALL. I also ask unanimous
consent to introduce and have put upon its
passage a bill which ha3 already passed the
House, but failed in the Senate, to establish
new post routes in Illinois.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
If we cannot adopt measures to protect loyal
citizens of the South from murder, we need
not legislate to establish post routes.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
(I The question recurred on Mr. Dickey's mo-
tion, that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Thursday next.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
94, noes 05.
Mr. BIRD called for tellers.
The question being put on ordering tellers,
there were—ayes twenty-nine. *
So (one fifth of a quorum having voted in
favor thereof) tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Dickey, and Mr. Towksend of New York,
were appointed.
Mr. CO BURN. To save time, I call for the
yeas and nays.
The question being put on ordering the yeas
and nays, there were—ayes 18, noes 86.
So (one fifth not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The tellers took their places, and the House
having again divided, reported—ayes one hun-
dred and thirteen, uses not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympkox,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
following title, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 1) authorizing
the appointment of a commissioner to an inter-
national congress on penitentiary and reform,
atory discipline.
commission on penitentiaries.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Iask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table and
have passed the joint resolution which has just
come from the Senate.
The jointresolution (S. R. No. 1) authorizing
the appointment of a commissioner to an inter-
national congress on penitentiary and reform-
atory discipline was read for information. It
authorizes the President to appoint a commis-
sioner to attend an international congress on
penitentiary and reformatory discipline, pro-
posed to be held in Europe; but provides that
the said appointment shall not authorize any
expenditure of money from the Treasury for
salary or expenses, and must be accepted upon
this express condition.
There being no objection to the jointresolu-
tion, it was read three times, and passed.
leave Of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Barry and Mr. McKee for ten
days, and to Mr. Winchester for one week.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. BE ATT Y, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Mrs. Emily C. Bryant.
On motion of Mr. UPSON, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Isaac W. Lake.
On motion of Mr. RITCHIE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Jerome E. Pampell, to be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed.
