20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
election contest cessna vs meyers.
The SPEAKER laid before the House testi-
mony in the contested-election case of Cessna
vs. Meyers, from the sixteenth district of Penn-
sylvania ; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections when appointed.
election contest—gooding ts. wilson.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Gooding vs. Wilson, from the fourth district of
Indiana ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee-of Elections when appointed.
election contest morris ts. iiandley.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House,
testimony in the contested-election case of
Morris vs. Handley, from the third district of
Alabama ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections when appointed.
election contest niblack vs. wall.
Th§ SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Niblack vs. Wall, from the State of Florida ;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions when appointed.
election contest m'kenzie vs. braxton.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
McKenzie vs. Braxton, from the seventh dis-
trict of Virginia ; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections when appointed.
election contest maxwell vs. hooper.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Maxwell vs. Hooper, from the Territory of
Utah; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections when appointed.
burleigh vs. armstrong.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Burleigh vs. Armstrong, from the Territory of
Dakota; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections when appointed.
adjournment.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
84, noes 72.
Mr.-FARNSWORTH called for theyeasand
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nay3 73, not
voting 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Amblor, Archer,
Arthur. Banks, Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bird. Austin
Blair, Braxton. Bright.Buckley. Burdctt, Benjamin
P. Butlor, Caldwell, Clarke,Cobb, Comingo, Conger,
Crebs, Creely. Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Dawes,
Dickey,Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Elliott, Forker,
Henry D. Poster, Oetz, Griffith, Hunks, 1 tanner.
Harper, George E. Harris, Havons, llavs, John W.
Itazleton, Hereford, Ilolman, Hooper, Kclley, Ken-
dall, Kctcham, Killinger. Lamison, Lansing, Leach,
Manstfn, Maynard, McGrcw, Mcllenry. Mcjunkin,
McNeely, Mercur, Merrium, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Neiley, Niblack,Palmer, Parker, Peck. Perce. Aaron
F. Perry. Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Porter, Potter,
Prico, Prindlo, Itainey, Randall, Bead, John M.
Rice, Ritoliie, Ellis II. Roberts. Rusk, Sawyer. Seo-
field, Seeley, Sheldon, Shellabarger. Sliober.Slocum,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder. R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Stougb-
ton, Stowcll, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Washington
Townsend.Tu thill, Twichell, Upson, Vaughan.Voor-
hees, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldcn, Walls, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana.
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Beatty, James (i. Blair, George
M. Brooks, BuGinton, Burchard, Roderick R. But-
ler, Campbell, Coburn, Cotton, Cox, Critcher, De
Large, Donnan, Dunnell, Eames, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Finkolnburg, Charles Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Gollada/, Hale, Halsey, John T. Harris, Hawley,
Hay, Hill, Hoar, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamport,
Lewis, Lowe. Lynch, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cormiek, McCrary, Mclntyre. McKinney, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Orr, Packard. Packer, Pendleton,
Piatt, Edward Y. Rice, William R. Roberts, Roose-
velt, Shanks, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss,
Horace B. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, Storm, Taffe,
Terry, DwightTownsend, Tyncr, Van Trump, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, Whitthorne, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Averill, Barber,
Barry, Bingham, James Brooks, Carroll, Cook, Ely,
Farwell, Garfield. Haldeman. Hambleton, Handley,
Gerry W. Hazleton, McKee, Robinson, Rogers, Ses-
sions, St. John, Sutherland, Turner, Winchester,
and Young—24.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at one o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned till Thursday next.
petitions, eto.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. PECK: The petition of John P.
Bronson, John Kountz, and 120 others, of
Lucas county, Ohio, asking Congress to so
amend the homestead law as to give all soldiers
who have lost a leg, or are otherwise disabled
so as to be unable to labor, the right to one
hundred and sixty acres of land without com-
pelling actual settlement.
Also, the petition of E. P. Smith, Ezra Strat-
ton, and 236 others, soldiers and citizens of
Swanton, Lucas county, Ohio, asking Congress
to pass a law granting a bounty of $100 to all
soldiers, sailors, and marines who enlisted in
1861 and 1862, and who have never received
any bounty. Also to so amend the homestead
law as to give to every soldier, sailor, and
marine, or their legal representatives, who
served in the Array, a patent for one hundred
and sixty acres of land without compelling
actual settlement.
By Mr. WASHBURN: The memorial of
John S. Harper, for officers and crew of Uni-
ted States gun-boats Kines and Chocura, for
balance of prize-money from forty-five bales of
cotton picked up at sea.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Mrs. Re-
becca B. Spence, for payment of rent of houses
occupied by United States Government offices
in Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 9, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Tuesday
last was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
C. P. Sullivan, jr., of South Carolina, praying
that some action be taken to put an end to the
political troubles in the South. I move its
reference to the select Committee on Alleged
Outrages in' Southern States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNliR. I also present two petitions
asking for a general disarmament throughout
the world, and also for the repeal of the war
clauses of the Constitution of the United States.
If these petitioners confined themselves to the
first prayer, I should ask the reference of the
petitions to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, but as they propose an amendment to the
Constitution, under the usage of the Senate, I
think it would be proper that they should go
to the Committee on the Judiciary. At the
proper time, therefore, I shall ask that they
have that designation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions will
lie on the table for the present, to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary when ap-
pointed. *
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mrs.
Mary A. Ripley, praying compensation for ser-
vices as a nurse in the Army during the late
warf which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of John B.
Wolf and Jacob H. Brown, praying compen-
sation for horses taken for the use of the Army
in Colorado, in the year 1865; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, and also a letter
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, calling
attention to the condition of the Black Bob
band of Shawnee Indians in Kansas; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCHUEZ presented the memorial of
Lewis Wieser, praying for the erection of a
bureau in the Department of the Interior in
connection with the Patent Office, to be known
as the bureau of industry; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying an
amendment to the act to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, pro-
viding that the assessments be made in the
same manner as authorized by the act to pro-
vide a government for the District of Colum-
bia; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CALDWELL presented the memorial
of settlers on the Osage diminished reserve
in Howard county, Kansas, praying for the
passage of a law granting them the right to
hold and enter their lands in accordance with
the legal subdivisions of survey ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of S. N.
Wood, a citizen of Kansas, setting forth a
series of outrages perpetrated by Indian
savages in northwestern Texas, and praying
for the inauguration of a new Indian policy ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
D. S. S. Lockwood, praying compensation for
a horse and buggy taken by an officer of the
Army at Charleston in the year 1865; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying that a pension be granted
to Theodore S. Compant; which was ordered
to lie on'the table,
Mr. BO REMAN presented the petition of
D. D. Smith, praying compensation for the
destruction of property by United States troops
in the year 1861; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented
papers in relation to the claim of John E.
Wheeler, for arrears of pay as an officer in the
Army; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a memorial of
Carlton A. Uber, assistant engineer United
States Navy, praying that he may have the
retired pay fixed by law for the grade he now
holds ; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar, of Danville, Virginia, indorsed
by the United States judge and district attorney,
praying an amendment of the act to divide the
State of Virginia into two judicial districts;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Keturah
Cole, praying the reissue to her of certain five-
twenty bonds mutilated by mildew; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That T. Bruquier and Goewey, who claim
compensation for subsistence furnished for the pro-
tection ot Fort Union, in 1866 and 1867, have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers from the file3
of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 76) to facilitate commerce between the
United States and China, Japan, and the coun-
tries of Asia; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. BROWNLOW asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
y?.' No. 77) for the relief of Colonel George
W. Kirk ; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
78) to authorize the President of the United
States to reestablish the Monroe land district
in the State of Louisiana \ which was read
