1871
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I wish the Sec-
retary to note, in making up the Journal, that
it was on my motion that joint resolution1 was
taken up, as I am one of the Eegents and was
requested to call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so journalized.
USB Of TIIB SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the Senate
be granted to the general convention of Young
Men's Christian Associations of tho United States
and the British provinces, which convenes May 24,
1371.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the Senate have passed an
order prohibiting the use of the Chamber in
that way.
Mr. COLE. I dislike very much to make
an objection, but I think that resolution is so
much in violation of our precedents to allow
persons to have the use of this Chamber as
to make it rather objectionable. I believe
this Hall has not been devoted to any such
convention, or any convention whatever.
Mr. RAMSEY. And then, again, have they
not a very excellent hall in the city, where
lectures are delivered, and which can conven-
iently accommodate a much larger body than
this?
Mr. COLE. Certainly they have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts being
objected to, goes over.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes, and agreed to other amendments
of the Senate with amendments, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Hesry
L. Dawks of Massachusetts, Mr. William D.
Kei.let of Pennsylvania, and Mr. James B.
Beck of Kentucky, managers at the confer-
ence on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth Amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
S. SlIELLAliARGEllof Ohio, Mr. G. W. Scofield
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M. C. Kerr of Indi-
ana, managers at the same on its part.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. OSBORN, it was
Ordered, That Frederick J. James, of North Car-
olina, have leave to withdraw hispetition and papers
from the files of the Senate.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I mgve that the Senate
insist on its amendments disagreed to by the
House, and agree to the conference asked by
the House,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which has precedence,
a motion to recede from the amendments, or
to insist?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to recede.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the better way
would be to recede from those amendments,
and let the bill become a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; let them go to
a committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They add nothing to
the efficiency of the bill in any respect, I think,
except the provision which the Senator from
Ohio put upon it, which is meeting with great
opposition.1 It seems to me that the better
way 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I was present at the time the vote was
taken, and I am assured by members of the
House there was no opposition to it except in
regard to one clause, and, as they had cut
themselves off by the previous question from the
power to amend, they non-concurred. They
wished to preserve a large part of the amend-
ments, but objected to the latter part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment was
defeated by a vote of more than two to one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it was, because
they could not amend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By receding from these
amendments we dispose of the bill at once,
and can have an earlier day of adjournment.
I hope the Senate will recede from its amend-
ments and let the bill become a law; and I
make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that the Senate recede
from its amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not recede, because one of the amendments
reported by the committee I certainly regard,
and I think the committee regard, as of quite
essential importance to the perfectness of the
bill. I do not wish now, after the discussion
we have had, to go into aiTy part of it again;
but I hope the Senate will stand by its pre-
vious action and agree to the conference and
not recede.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate recede from its amend-
ments which have been disagreed to by the
House of Representatives ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Several of those amend-
ments, at least two that I think of now, were
adopted in the Senate without any discussion
whatever. The amendment of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was one that was
so adopted. The amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] applying the test-
oath to jurors, to the sixth section of the bill,
was another. I certainly heard no discussion
of either of those amendments, and I do not
think any other Senator did; and if I may be
allowed to refer to the proceedings in the
House, both amendments were rejected by a
large and decided vote. I should say that the
motion of the Senator from Illinois is one very
proper to be made; that the Senate at once
act on these amendments by receding from
tbem. Of course I cannot state what informa-
tion outside of the official publication may be
in the possession of any Senator as to the
future action of the House ; but it seems to me
that it is simply a waste of time to appoint
a committee of conference upon subjects on
which the action of the House seems to be so
decided; at all events, upon which the House
has taken such action a,s is now reported to us.
And in the next place I desire to say that I
think the standing objection to committees of
conference, that they do not carry out the will
of the Houses, the one House or the other, and
sometimes fail to carry out the will of both,
applies particularly in this case. I hope the
motion of the Senator from Illinois will be
pressed by him and that it will be adopted by
the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The rules and the pro-
prieties of this body debar us from knowing
here the reasons which actuated the doings in
the House. I do not mean to criticize the
Senator from California or any other Senator
who has referred to the proceedings in the
House of Representatives; but I mean to
affirm that we hare here in our proceedings
in the line of propriety no mode of ascertain*
ing to how much of this amendment the House
objected, nor for what reasoi. There is, how-
ever, a mode, appropriate and long accepted,
of gaining this information ; and that is the
mode proposed by my honorable friend from
Vermont. It is a full and free conference
between the two Houses, in which all the par-
ties to that conference may be apprized, not
only of the proceedings, but of the reasoning
and of the causes moving on the part of the
one body or the other. Therefore, I think the
Senator from California, and, indeed, all the
Senators who have intimated opposition to this
motion, assign themselves a sufficient reason
for our knowing precisely how far we can agree
with the House in these amendments, and how
far the House essentially and finally differs with
us. I hope, therefore, for that reason, as well as
for others, that we shall concur in the request
of the House of Representatives and grant the
conference.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from New York to say that it is not allow-
able to refer here to the votes on these amend-
ments in the House of Representatives?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say that; but
I do say now that it is not proper, by our rules
or by the parliamentary law, to introduce as
an argument into this body to affect votes or
proceedings, the doings or the sayings in the
other House ; and when Senators come to state
that a part of an amendment was in the estima-
tion of some of the members objectionable and
the other part was not, and, therefore, they are
informed that such and such is the reason and
that such and such things would take place
hereafter, I do say now, although I did not go
to that extent before, that it is a breach not
only of the rule, but of the privileges of this
body.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I must
say  
Mr. CASSERLY.
The Senator will allow
Mr. THURMAN. I wish only to say a
word.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course; unless the
Senator from Ohio yields, I cannot say a word
in my own defense.
Mr. CONKLING. I was attributing noth-
ing to the Senator from California. I said
expressly that I did not wish to criticise the
Senator from California. It is a very common
thing indulged in here and common otherwise.
Nevertheless I submit the rule; the law is as I
have stated.
Mr. THURMAN. I rose to say that if that
is the rule it is news to me, at any rate, to the
extent to which the Senator from New York
states it. That we cannot take into consider-
ation a vote in the House of Representatives
on any measure strikes me as a very extraor-
dinary proposition ; that we cannot take notice
of what is laid on our table every day, the
printed Journal of the House of Representa-
tives, and* see how the vote is there on any
particular measure, is really a very strange
idea, it docs seem to me. It may be the law,
for I do not pretend to understand much about
the rales ; I never studied them, and I never
expect to do so.
I trust them to the Presiding Officer and the
older Senators; but if that is the rule, I sub-
mit it ought not to be so any longer. Nothing
is more common than to refer to the action of
the House of Representatives, not to take no-
tice of debates in the House, not to take notice
of the opinions of members of the House on
this subject or that subject or the other ; but
the votes in the House are a different thing;
they go upon the Journal, they are laid before
us. We have a fair right to take notice of
them, and it is a fair matter for us, as much
as it is for any conference committee, to con-
sider whether or not any course that we may
be inclined to adopt is likely to meet tho sanc-
tion of the House, so that if it is not likely to
