728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
meet the sanction of the House we can come
to some agreement on a measure that will
meet the sanction of the House. I may be
all wrong about this, however.
Mr. CONKLINGr. As the honorable Sen-
ator has rather brought me up for my remark
about this, as I shall not plume myself spe-
cially on a knowledge of the rules and of par-
liamentary law, I beg to call his attention to
Jefferson's Manual, pages 102 and 1C3, for
example:
"It is highly expedient, says Hatsel, for the duo
preservation of the privileges of the separate
branches of the Legislature, that neither should
encroach on the other, or interfere in any matter
depending before them, so as to preclude, or even
innuenco, that freedom of debate which is essential
to a free council. They are therefore not to take
notice of any bills, or other matters depending, or
of votes that have been given, or of speeches which
have been held, by thn members of either of the
other branches of the Legislature, until the same
have been communicated to them in the usual par-
liamentary manner."—2 Hatsel, 252 ; 4 Institutes, 15;
Seld. Jud„ S3.
That is one thing to which I call the Sen-
ator's attention. And again, passing over
various other matters, on page 180:
" It is a breach of order in debate to notico what
has been Said, on the same subject in the other
Bouse, or the particular votes or majorities on it
there, because the opinion of each House should be
left to its own independency, not to be influenced
by the proceedings of the other; and the quoting
them might beget reflections leading to a misunder-
standing between the two Houses."— 8 Grey, 22.
Thus the Senator will see that the rule covers
entirely the particular application which he
attributed to me, although I did not speak
especially of votes. I spoke more particularly
of the other things which had been referred to;
but it does, as the Senator sees, in its reason-
ing and enunciation, cover votes as well as
the other proceedings of the House.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 confess that what has
been read by the Senator from New York does
support his proposition ; but I cannot agree to
his remark, if I understood him correctly, that
the reason of it is sound. It is simply stulti-
fying ourselves.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that he having come to the con-
clusion to differ with Jefferson upon almost
all other points, I forgive him for differing
upon that point also. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Ah! How smart that
is! [Laughter.] The Senator after having
had twenty-four hours' rest has found his intel-
lect a little brighter, for it seemed to have
been in a state of abeyance for the last six
weeks. [Laughter.] I must say, however,
that this parliamentary law is not a rule of the
Senate absolutely, 1 suppose, though it may be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will allow me
to suggest to him that since I have had the
honor of a seat in this body I have known the
point to be made and to be sustained by the
Chair as a matter of high propriety.
Mr. THURMAN. I will not pretend to say,
as I remarked before, what is or is not a rule
of parliamentary law. It is a subject that I
have given so little attention to thart am not
authority upon it at all; bat it does seem to
me to lack any good and sufficient reason for
it. However, if it is the rule of the Senate,
that is enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate recede trom its amend-
ments to the bill of the House?
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. AMES. I do not feel at liberty to vote
on this question. Although not actually paired
with the Senator from West Virginia, Mr,
Davis, the understanding was such that I feel
precluded from voting on any question con-
nected with this measure. Ishouldvote "nay"
on this motion if 1 felt free to vote at all.
Mr. HAM IH'ON, of Maryland. Upon this
question I am paired with the Senator from
Maine,".Mr. Hamlin, who would vote "nay"
if present, and I should vote "yea."
Mr. BOREMAN. It is proper that I should
say that the Senator from North Carolina,
Mr. Pool, is too ill to be present.
The result was announced—yeas 17, noes
83 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Caldwell, Casserly.
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Thurman,
Trumbull, Viekers, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlau, Howe, Lewis, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spen-
cer. Stewart. Sumner, Wilson, and Windom—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Pool, Sprasue, Stockton, Tipton, and
W est—20.
So the motion to recede was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, that the Senate insist on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives and agree to the conference asked by the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed.
Several Senators. By the Chair..
By unanimous consent, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate ; and Messrs.
Edmunds, Sherman, and Stevenson were
appointed.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (H. R. Mo. 19) making appropri-
ations for the payment of additional clerks
and messengers in the Pension Office, and
for other purposes, being the deficiency bill
returned from the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate insist
on their amendments disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and disagree to the
amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate, and agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House thereon, ; and
The motion was agreed to; and the Pres-
ident pro tempore being, by unanimous con-
sent, authorized to appoint the conferees on
the part of the Senate, Messrs. Cole, Morrill
of Vermont, and Bayard were' appointed.
TOST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to have the
consent of the Senate to take up House bill
No. 181, being the post route bill, in which
some ten or fifteen States are interested. I
should like to have it disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks unanimous consent
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 181) to establish post
routes.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no legislation in
it except simply the establishment of post
routes.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read at
length first.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is that bill
to be considered and nothing else?
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing else while the
Senate are considering that.
ThePRESlDBNTpro tempore. It does not
vitiate the rule; it requires unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the bill be open to
amendment when it is up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
it will.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Let me inquire, will it
be open to any amendment that is not fairly
germane to it?
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. It will not,
under the decision of the Vice President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads will be regarded as
agreed to without being read, unless objection
be made. They are agreed to.
The amendments thus agreed to were to add
to the bill the following post routes in the
States and Territories named :
minnesota.
From Rush City, via Stanohfield, to Princeton.
From Benson to Lac-qui-Parle.
From Forest City, via Silvan Hill, Forest Prairio,
to Cold Spring.
From Carver to Henderson.
montana.
From Virginia City to Summit City.
nevada.
From Winnemucca to Camp Winfield Scott.
new mexico.
From Mesilla to LaUnion.
From Cliffton to Dry Cimarron.
west virginia.
From Princeton, via Jordan's Chapel, to county
seat of SwrameT county.
From Red Sulphur Springs, via Salt Wells, to
Princeton.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now send to the Chair a
number of amendments agreed on by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. There
is no occasion to read them, I presume.
ThePRESIDENT protempore. The amend-
ments will be considered agreed to, there being
no objection.
The amendments thus agreed to are to add
to the bill:
aekansas.
From Lamartine, in Columbia county, to Centrc-
ville, in Hempstead county.
From Mount Ida. via Iron Sulphur Springs and
Shipman Heeds', to Bluffton.
indiana.
From Bono, via Saltilloville and Claysvillc, to
Livonia.
iowa.
From Sidney to Biverton.
KANSAS.
From New Chicago to Fredonia.
michigan.
From Amadore to Goodland.
From Northville to Milford.
From Lapeer to North Branch.
From Lapeer to Hadley.
From North Branch to Doyle's Mill.
From North Branch to Newbury, via Clifford.
From Milfotd to Holly.
minnesota.
From Rush City,via Anderson post office, to Grants-
burg, Wisconsin.
From Cambridge to Stark.
From Medalia to Golden Gate.
From Ft. Cloud, via St. Wendalland Young's Cor-
ners, to Holdingsford.
missouri.
From Brookfield, via North Salem, Owasco, and
Kedsville, to Unionville.
From Osceola, via Humnosville, to Bolivar.
From Stoutland. via Hazle Green, Nebo, Pine
Creek, and Competition, to Hartville.
From Forsyth, Missouri, via Long Creek, to Berry-
ville, Arkansas.
From Marshfield, via Arno and Gainesville, to
Batesville, Arkansas.
From Plymouth to Dunkle's Store.
From Richey to Washburn.
From Richey. via Newtpnia, to Huntsville.
From Marshfleld, via Miteomah, Blma, Ming's
Springs, and Elk Creek, to Aurora.
From Marionsvillc, via Berryville, to Clarksville,
Arkansas.
From Marianville, via Flat Creek and Hazlo Bar-
ren?, to Huntsville, Arkansas.
From Ozark, via Golf Creek, to Galena.
nebraska.
From Wisver, via Fairfield and Santeo City, to
Niobrara. &
From Hooper, via valleys of Logan and Omaha
creeks, to Covington.
ohio.
From Wilmington, via Cuba, to Blanchestcr.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
