22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 103) for the relief of Henry N.
Galpiu, postmaster at Berlin, Connecticut;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM also asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 10-1) for the relief of Joseph
Lanman ; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
105) for the relief of J. Milton Best; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LOGAN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 106) to authorize the people of New Mex-
ico to form a constitution and State govern-
ment previous to their admission into the
United States as a State, with the name of
Lincoln, on an equal footing with the original
States; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LOGAN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 107) for the relief of George C. Bestor;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LOGAN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 108) declaring the true construction of
section two of the act of March 3, 1857, enti-
tled "An act to settle certain accounts between
the United States and the State of Mississippi
and other States; " which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie On the table, and
be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
109) extending the jurisdiction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office in cases of
applications for the cancellation of homestead
entries; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. TIPTON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 110) granting lands to aid in the construe-
lionofa railroad from Brownville and Lincoln,
in the State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado
Territory ; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. Ill)
to aid the Mediterranean and Oriental Steam
Navigation Company of New York to estab-
lish an American line of iron steamships for
opening direct trade between the United States
and southern Europe, for carrying the mails
of the United States, and for promoting immi-
gration into the southern States of the Union ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie oti the table, and be printed.
Mr. NYE also asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 112) incorporating branches of the Texas
Pacific Railway Company under the name and
style of the North Carolina Extension Kail-
way Company; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 113) to create Shreveport, in the State
of Louisiana, a port of delivery; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. lvELLOGG also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 114) to incorporate the Shreve-
port and Bed River Improvement Company ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 115) reviving a grant of lands here-
tofore made to the North Louisiana and Texas
railroad; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 116) concerning the compensation of the
collector of customs for the district of Wil-
lamette, in the State of Oregon; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.-
Mr. CORBETT also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 117) to provide for the segregation
and survey of the swamp and overflowed lands
in the State of Oregon, and to put the State in
possession of the same; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. CORBETT also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 118) to incorporate the Japan
Steam Navigation Company ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 119) to further regulate the publication of
the specifications and drawings of the Patent
Office; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill is to remedy an
omission in the legislative appropriation bill
of a provision which was placed upon the bill
at the request and on the motion of the Com-
mittee on Patents, and which also met the
approbation of the Committee on Printing.
When the legislative appropriation bill came
to be considered in conference, it was the opin-
ion of the Committee on Appropriations that
a part of this provision was surplusage and it
was stricken out. I think the committee struck
out more than they intended to strike out. I
ask for the present consideration of this bill.
I will explain it, and then 1 think it will meet
the entire approbation of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill introduced
by liini, which he states is to correct an error
in an appropriation bill. It will be read at
length, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It provides
that if, in the judgment of the joint Commit-
tee on Printing, the provisions of the joint
resolution providing for publishing specifica-
tions and drawings of the Patent Office, ap-
proved, January 11, 1871, can be performed
under the direction of the Commissioner of
Patents more advantageously than in the man-
ner provided in that resolution, it shall be so
done. The price of printed copies of specific-
ations and drawings of patents, when uncer-
tified, is to be determined by the Commissioner
of Patents, ten cents being fixed as the min-
imum and fifty cents as the maximum; and
certified copies are to be sold at the price fixed
by the patent act of 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. I rather think that bill
ought to lie over one day at least.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not mean to say
that this bill was to correct an error in the ap-
propriation bill, but that the Committee on
Appropriations considered that the insertion
of this provision in that bill was an error, that
it was surplusage; but in striking out the pur-
pose for which the appropriation was made
they struck out two provisions which I con-
sider important. One is that if, in the opinion
of the joint Committee on Printing, this work
can be better done by the Commissioner of
Patents they shall have the right to delegate it
to him after the contracts have been made. It is
a kind of work—engraving, &c.—that is con-
1 stantly occurring, and should be subjected to
constant inspection, an inspection which the
Committee on Printing really cannot under-
take ; and it may require a meeting of the joint
Committee on Printing here during the recess.
It will require one meeting anyhow, and it may
require two or three, and it will be almost
impossible to get a quorum. However, I will
let the bill lie over, and the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] can look at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over.
COMPILATION OF LAND LAWS.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following resolution
of inquiry, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, requested to prepare and furnish
to the Senate, at earliest convenience, his opinion
of the expediency of providing for the appointment
of a competent practical person who, from personal
observation, &c., shall prepare a report relative to
each of the land States and Territories, showing the
general character of the topography of each, its
climate, summer and winter temperatures, rain and
snow-falls, soil and products, grasses, timber, and
prairie; the coal, iron, lead, copper, and precious
metals, workable area and development of same;
the amount of Government and railroad lands for
sale, their prices; the general land market; the num-
ber of miles of railroad and navigable streams; the
distance and cost of travel from the principal sea-
ports to the capital of each State and Territory; the
amount and kinds of manufactures and commerce;
the school system and branches of education taught;
the cost of fences and dwelling-houses of three, four,
five, and six rooms for settlers; of breaking, clear-
ing, and fencing new lands, and the cost of labor;
tbe facilities for transporting the products to mar-
ket, its cost, with the location, distance, and extent
of markets; and a compilation of the homestead,
preemption, and other laws relative to the acquire-
ment of public lands and other valuable facts, form-
ing the whole into a complete hand-book for the
information, guidance, and direction of emigrants
from Europe who desire to settle on the public
lands, as well as emigrants from the eastern States,
and for providing for the translation at this report
into several of the languages of Europe, and of dis-
tributing it throughout our country and Europe
for general information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. HARLAN. Is this a resolution of
inquiry merely ?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolu-
tion "that the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, requested to prepare and
furnish to the Senate, at earliest convenience,
his opinion of the expediency of providing for
the appointment."
Mr. HARLAN. If it is left to his discretion
I have no objection.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest that the resolu-
tion lie over one day ; there is no special haste
for its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the present consideration of the reso-
lution, it will lie over one day. As it is to go
over, does the Senator from Nevada wish to
have it printed.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; I move that it be
printed?
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved., That Eev. J. P. Newman be, and he is
hereby, appointed Chaplain for the Senate for tho
iorty-Second Congress.
CINCINNATI AND SOUTHERN RAILWAY.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. I think we have got through
our business for to-day.
_Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done, I
wish to have the railroad bill I introduced the
other day read a second time.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill introduced by him in
regard to the Cincinnati and Southern Rail-
way.
Mr, SHERMAN. Simply to have it read
