732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
April 17,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ann wallace.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill (H. 11. No. 398) for the relief of Ann
Wallace, widow of Captain John Wallace, of
Indiana county, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
protection op emigrants.
Mr. McCLELLAND presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, re-
questing the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from that State to vote for additional
legislation protecting emigrants in this coun-
try; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
pension's.
Mr. L. MYERS presented a bill (H. R. No.
399) amending the act entitled "An act to
grant pensions," approved July 14, 18G2;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to tke Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
john allen birckiiead.
Mr. L. MYERS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 400) for the relief of John Allen Birck-
head; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
mary ann siiultz.
Mr. L. MYERS also introduced a bill (II.
II. No. 401) granting a pension to Mary Ann
Shuitz; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
pensions.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (H, R. No.
402) to amend an act entitled " An act supple-
mentary to an act approved July 4, 1864;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
tonnage duties.
Mr. ARCHER introduced, by request, a bill
(EL R. No. 403) to reenactthe act approved
March 17,1800, entitled "An act declaring the
assent of Congress to certain acts of the States
of Maryland and Georgia;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to tiie
Committee on Commerce.
payment for supplies.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 404) to pay for quartermaster
and commissary stores when purchased and
accepted without requiring an oath of past
loyalty ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
war of 1812.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 405) to amend an act grant-
ing pensions to the survivors Of the war of
1812 who served sixty days, and to their
widows, so as to strike out so much of said
bill as inquires the widow to have been mar-
ried before the treaty of peace; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812.
removal of causes, etc.
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
406) for removal of civil and criminal causes
from the State courts to the Federal courts,
and the commencement of such causes there-
in in the States herein named, and for the
removal of all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution
of the United States from all persons, and to
enforce the provisions of the said fourteenth
article, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. POR1ER. I ask that it be referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BECK. I move that it b3 referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. There is no
Committee on Reconstruction.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, notified the House that the Sen-
ate, in the absence of the Vice President, had
elected Hon. Heniiy B. Anthony, a Senator
from Rhode Island, President pro tempore.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 407)
to remove legal and political disabilities from
John W. Wigginton, Francis M. Kirby, Sam-
uel K. McSpadden, John Howard, Jesse D.
Prince. S. W. Cameron, and G. B. Douthil;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
a. d. brazeale.
Mr. TURNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
408) to remove the disabilities of A. D. Bra-
zeale, of Dallas county, Alabama; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
f. si. cordeiro.
Mr. MONROE. A few days ago I intro-
duced a bill authorizing the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle with F.
M. Cordeiro. I ask that it be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
william ward and others.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 409) to relieve William Ward and
others, of Kentucky, from the legal and politi-
cal disabilities imposed by section three of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
revolutionary claims.
Mr. ARTHUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
410 ) to provide for the settlement of the claims
of the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
army, and the widows and children of those
who died in the service; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
bounty lands to soldiers and seamen.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
411) granting bounty lands to soldiers and sea-
men of the Army and Navy of the United
States in the late war ;• which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
commerce among tiie states.
Mr. MARSHALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 412) to promote commerce among the
States, and to cheapen transportation of the
mails and military and naval stores; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
harrison e. branch.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 413) authorizing the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to examine and
adjust the accounts of Harrison B. Branch,
late superintendent of Indian affairs ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
louisiana and new mexico railroad.
Mr. HANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
414) to incorporate the Louisiana, Arkansas,
and New Mexico Railroad Company; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed.
indian reservations in michigan.
Mr. WALDRON presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, in relation
to Indian reservations in Michigan ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
james rock.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 415) for the relief of James Rock, of
Saginaw, in the State of Michigan; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
bridge across portace lake.
Mr. SUTHERLAND also introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 416) to authorize the construction
of a bridge across Portage Lake at or near
the villages of Houghton and Hancock, Michi-
gan; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
payment of kansas militia.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
417) making an appropriation for the payment
to the State of Kansas of moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
preston pew.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
418) to relieve Preston Pew, of Wood county,
West Virginia, from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
land grant to north carolina.
Mr. LEACH introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 46) granting public lands to North
Carolina for purposes of public education ;
which was read a first aud second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
school lands in nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Nebraska, relative
to the title to school lands in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
public expenditures.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called through for bills, the
next business in order during the morning hour
is the call of the States and Territories for res-
olutions for present consideration. At the
expiration of the morning hour on Monday
last the call rested with the State of New
Hampshire, and the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Bell] had offered the resolu-
tion which the Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the Government of the United States
was established by the people for their own protec-
tion and benefit, and should be administered on the
strictest principles of frugality and economy in its
expenditures, a"nd that no money should bo taken
from the people by taxation except to supply the
necessary wants of the Government administered
upon such principles; and whereas the money an-
nually raised by taxation upon the people should
not exceed the sum of$250,000,000, said sum being
amply sufficient to provide for the ordinary expend-
itures of the Government, the payment of the inter-
est of the public debt, and in part liquidating the
interest of said debt: Therefore,
Resolved, That this House disapproves the inordi-
nate taxation to pay off immense sums of the pub-
lic debt, as heretofore practiced by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and would limit the sum for the prin-
cipal of said debt to $25,000,000.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion when
the morning hour expired on Monday last was
for the previous question, and the question now
is will the House second the previous question.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move
to lay the resolution on the table with a view
to get a test vote of the House upon it?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. COX. I make that motion, intending
to vote the other way.
