26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is now
closed. Debate upon amendments is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the bill by inserting after the word " salt" the
words "and coal;" so that the clause will
read " from and after the passage of this act
salt and coal shall be placed on the free list,"
&c. I yield to the gentleman fromNew York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
say but a very few words.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to raise the point
of order whether all debate on the salt ques-
tion is precluded by this motion to amend by
inserting coal. I desire to be heard on the
salt question.
The CHAIRMAN. Five minutes' debate
upon any part of the bill is in order.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I scarcely think
it can be necessary to advance any arguments
to this committee in behalf of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois. Indeed,
it would be offensive to address to a body so
intelligent as this any reasons why this duty
should be removed by Congress at this time.
We all know the condition of the country
with reference to the article of coal. We all
know the oppression which is now visited
■with unusual severity upon that class of our
community who are the least able to protect
themselves, and who are now looking to Con-
gress for some relief from the imposition of
the onerous, oppressive, and unjust taxation
now imposed by our laws in the form of the
duty on coal. It. is a duty, sir, on the neces-
saries of life. It is a tax on that article which
is necessary to the sustenance, to the existence
even, of human life. _ It is a tax on light; it
is a tax on warmth; it is a tax on that class
of people who are dependent on their toil and
labor; a tax which we should be in haste to
remove, so as to do the working people of the
country entire and exact justice.
It has been said, as against this proposition,
that there is no duty laid on anthracite coal,
and that anthracite coal is the article of gen-
eral domestic consumption. Sir, that is a fal-
lacious position. It is sophistry. When you
take off the duty on bituminous coal, the only
coal imported into this country, you relatively
reduce the tax on anthracite to the consumer.
In that way the working class and all other
consumers of this article are benefited. I hope,
sir—and I do not intend to occupy the atten-
tion of the committee in any labored discus-
sion of the subject—I hope this session will not
close to-day until the House has taken a decis-
ion in favor of repealing not only the duty on
coal, but the duty on salt.
_ Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say to the major-
ity of this House that they are responsible
for the financial condition of this country. The
Secretary of the Treasury is about to float a
new loan which, if he does it successfully, will
reduce the expenses of the country $20,000,000
per annum, and he is met with the first action
of a Republican House by proposing to strike
from the revenue of the country nearly $2,000,-
000 $1,108,470 13—that being the amount
collected on salt during the last fiscal year,
and $521,5 <8 10, being the duty on coal. The
industries of the country are not very prosper-
ous now, and you propose to strike down one
or them that has its head not at Onondaga
alone, but m the wilds of West Virginia, m
the savannas of Louisiana, in the prairies of
ivansas, and at almost every intervening point
And to do what? There are nearly forty mil-
lions or people in the country, and the total
amount of duty is $1,100,000, or less than
three eenls per capita, less than three cents
a year on each citizen ; and to relieve them of
that terrible burden you are ready to announce
to the bankers of Europe and this country that
a tilt is to be run against the finances and in-
dustry of the Union!
Mr. SHANKS rose.
^KELLEY. I cannot yield, and I refuse
to yield. Among the questions for consider-
ation before the joint high commission now
sitting in Washington is the adjustment of our
fisheries; and the admission of coal from the
British provinces free of any duty is, I am
credibly informed, likely to be a question for
consideration before that distinguished body.
If they will give us free fisheries in exchange
for free coal, there will be a question worthy
of national consideration. 1 implore the
Republican majority to consider these grave
questions before they assail the income of the
Treasury by such legislation as this. Sir,
between now and the 1st of December but
few people can suffer in either of these com-
modities. We will then have ourselves prop-
erly organized. The Speaker of the House
will carefully adjust the Committee of Ways
and Means, and as a part of a general revision
this legislation can be gone iuto. I myself
believe the duty on salt would bear a reduc-
tion. I believe if the duty were reduced to
twelve cents on salt in bulk, and eighteen
cents on Salt in sacks, the Government prob-
ably would receive the same income which it
now does. It would impair the power of the
monopoly of the eastern coast in the hands of
the Onondaga company. I would not bring
down any industry, and I ask gentlemen, if
they must indulge in this legislation, to reduce
the duty to twelve and eighteen cents, so that
the Committee of Ways and Means may be
informed by the result of such reduction on
the great and widely-spread interest of salt-
producers to the revenues of the country.
The five-minutes limit will not allow me to
enter into the question of the coal duty. I
shall have an opportunity, I trust, of recurring
to that. We have never imported more than
six hundred thousand tons in any one year.
The bituminous interest on the Pacific coast,
whose Representatives, so far as California is
concerned, are not here to speak for it, is
largely developed. And the question is, in
my judgment, whether we shall contribute
nearly six hundred thousand dollars a year in
gold to the coal miners of Nova Scotia and
British Columbia without doing good to any
citizen of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr..COX. I am very happy, sir, to have
the privilege of listening to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] He speaks in
rather a different note from what he used the
last session.
Mr. KELLEY. I was in the majority last
session. 1 am now in the minority.
Mr. COX. You speak in the language of
Jeremiah, not of Isaiah. We have another
order of things" how. The gentleman now
appeals to the House and speaks in favor of
cutting down the duty on salt, while he would
keep it up on iron. So he would vote to cut
off the duty on sugar, tea, and coffee.
Mr. KELLEY. Not on sugar.
Mr. COX. Let the gentleman not interrupt
me in my five minutes. The gentleman was
very particular about being interrupted him-
self. The blood will follow when the knife is
driven in. Now, just allow me my little time.
As regards the duty on sugar, tea, and coffee,
you know that every dollar derived from those
articles goes into the Treasury, almost sixty
million dollars. But as regards the duty on
iron, when we put $5,000,000 into the Treas-
ury the people represented by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania pocket $150,000,000, while
the whole of the $60,000,000 obtained from
tea^ sugar, and coffee goes into the Treasury.
Iv ow the gentleman comes in and gives a dig
under the fifth rib on salt to save something for
pig iron and coal. I never knew a pig to squeal
as this pig does to-day. The obstruction of
the importation of coal from abroad has fur-
P'shed^the basis for strikes and combinations
in the domestic coal trade which have entailed
immense losses on consumers, and iu 1869-70
the enhancement of the price of coal above
a reasonable price amounted to three dollars
per ton on ten million tons, and therefore
amounts to not less than thirty million dollars
of an extra burden on the people of this coun-
try, especially the people of New England and
of New York, owing to their proximity to
Nova Scotia, while the revenue to the Treas-
ury was that year less than five hundred thou-
sand dollars. And yet the gentleman speaks
his jeremiad here to-day as if he would stab
the salt interest in order to keep up the inter-
ests of coal and iron. If these amendments
are to go on, I want the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. But.lek] to offer his amendment
of five dollars a ton on pig iron ; but I would
prefer if he made it three dollars. And I
should like to reduce the duty on bunting, that
we may have the star-spangled banner a little
cheaper in this country. *
I am glad attention has been called to this
matter of salt. It concerns my own State
particularly, but I do not care about that. It
concerns the consumer; it concerns forty mil-
lion people; and the facts will show that
while the Government receives from this article
only $1,200,000, nearly seven million dollars
goes into the pock'ets of the monopolists. We
might just as well get cheap salt from Canada,
from Turk's Island, or from Spain.
And why does not my innocent friend from
Maine [Mr. Hale] also add potatoes to his
salt?_ Why is he willing that there should
remain a tax of twenty-five cents per bushel
on potatoes? Because, God bless you! they
are nearly all raised in Maine. Why not add
potatoes? I want the people in New York and
everywhere else to have a fair and free deal in
all these matters.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out the last word. The appeal that I
have heard from my distinguished friend from
New York [Mr. Wood] in behalf of the labor-
ing men I regard as a delusion. I also take
issue with my distinguished friend from New
York upon my left, [Mr. Cox,] for while I
sympathize fully with the demands for tariff
reform, I think that the effort now made osten-
sibly in that view is misdirected, and that the
revenue reformers, with whom I agree in the
main, in advocating this amendment are really
subserving the interests of those whom they
seek to oppose.
Now, sir, the consumption of coal as an arti-
cle of domestic use is confined to the anthra-
cite variety, while the coal that is introduced
into this country and affected by the tariff is
solely bituminous.
tu ^jere Is n0 duty on anthracite coal; so that
the duty is solely upon bituminous coal, and it
amounts to only $1 25 per ton. All the ICQ-
portation is of bituminous coal, and the prac-
ticaf question is whether we will stiike down
the domestic interests involved in the produc-
tion of bituminous coal in our own country for
the benefit of alien capital in Nova Scotia, and
at the same time indirectly enhance the profits
ot the manufactures and gas companies of New
England and the eastern cities. That is the
practical question. Sir, by the removal of this
w 7Jrr- p!a-e the coal regions of Maryland,
West Virginia, and western Pennsylvania,
which alone would be affected by the proposed
repeal, under the disadvantages of their dis-
tance from tide-water in competing with the
Pictoucoai, which is near the sea-coast. Coal
« ~ i"3 Ka? *le brciu«ht t0 Bost°n as Cheaply
as coal can betaken there from Baltimore and
Georgetown. Thus you would discriminate
against our own source of supply to the extent
of the cost of transportation of the two hun-
dred miles distance from the sea board. Sir,
when I see gentlemen here from the great
VVest, precipitating themselves upon Maryland
fh ; f^gln,la ma blind assault which cripples
their friends and helps their foes, when it can
Pfi, Z°n?lr-Uedthat tlley wiil receive no ben-
forbear"1 ProPosed action, I ask them to
Now, sii, besides, the revenue derived from
Pictou coal is $000,000, no small sum. con-
