28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Pennsylvania together have $120,000,000 in-
vested in coal and its manufacture.
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman ought to add
$25,000,000 for Virginia.
Mr. SWANN. I include Virginia also.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this presents itself to usin
a great measure as a question of labor as well
as a question of the raw material. I suppose
there must be upward of thirty thousand labor-
ing men employed in mining and bringing this
coal to market. We of the State of Maryland
say, if you are going to strike down the tariff
which has heretofore existed upon the article
of coal, why, in the name of common sense,
should we not stand in the category with other
States which are now enjoying the protection of
this high tariff until all are brought upon the
same footing ; for I tell you, sir, that when you
strike down the duty upon bituminous coal
the amount now paid as duty to the Govern-
ment will go into the pockets of the eastern
manufacturers, whose articles are produced by
the use of this coal which you propose to make
free. Let us dojustice all around.
I say. sir, that itis injustice, monstrous injus-
tice to my State, to instiiute a discrimination
here between those great States which are
affected by the tariff j and I hope that the House
will take no action on this subject until some
general bill is reported. I am in favor of a
strictly revenue tariff, but I am not in favor of
building up one interest at the expense of
another.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
but a few words on the question now under
consideration. I find by relerence to facts and
figures furnished by authority of the Govern-
ment, and now before me, that during the last
year there were paid as tariff duty upon the
article of salt, alone a hi tie over ten million dol-
lats, of which sum only $1,198,473 22 went
into the Treasury of the United Slates; and of
this amount, which nominally went into the
Treasury, a large part was withheld as expenses
of collecting the duty upon the article.
We have forty millions of people in this
country, and every man, woman, and child is
interested iu having fine salt; like water, it is
a necessity to all. The amount of tariff which
has been collected by the Government, or the
amount, of revenue which has been received by
the Government during the last ten years from
sail, lists bijen so insignificant that it ought to
be abolished as it is proposed by this bill.
I find that before the war salt was almost
entirely free from duty. Turk's Island salt
before the war cost where found only nine
cents per bushel, and in the West, where we had
to make our salt from water drawn from wells,
it cost only about twelve cents per bushel.
Why, then, is it that our people should be com-
pelled to pay from foriy to fifty cents per bushel
now'/ is it because the Government is reap-
ing a great benefit from the tariff as now im-
posed'? Not at all; but for the simple reason
that, some monopolies are by it protected and
are reaping golden harvests out of ttie hard
earnings of the people. In 1802 the amountof
revenue derived from this article was $1580,000;
in 1808 it. was $1,014 000; iu 180-1, $015,000;
in 1805, $706,000; and so on; the largest sum
ever received from the duty oti salt being
$1,198,000, which was the amount realized
from it last year, less the eost of collecting,
which would materially reduce this sum.
Why should we not take off this onerous tax ?
It has been said by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] that we cannot afford
it now; and yet that gentleman a few days ago
voted to take off the income tax, amounting, as
claimed by the Secretary of the Treasury, to
over twelve million dollars. While he was
ready and willing to do that only a few days
ago, and thought the revenues of the country
would not be seriously incommoded thereby,
he cannot afford to take off this tax which falls
so burdensome upon forty millions of our peo-
ple, and which at the same time is putting so
little money into the Tieasuiy of the United
States, and imposing a serious burden upon
the greatmasses of the people.
I repeat that we can afford to take these
burdens off the shoulders of the people, and
do it now. I repeat, Mr. Speaker, the time
has come when these burdens, which only
operate in the interest of the monopolies and
against the great masses of the peoole, ought
to be removed. Our people of the Northwest
have little interest in coal; but the amount of
the revenue derived from it is so small that
while it is a tax upon the whole people of the
country in the interest of monopolies, it affords
but little revenue to the Government, and I
think the duty ought to be removed. I hope
the bill will pass in the shape presented to the
House by the gentleman from Maine, for in
my judgment the article of salt should be a3
free from tax as the air we breathe or the water
that ripples murmuringly at our feet.
Mr. SWANN withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PLATT. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Fabnswokth] looking
to the repeal of the duty on coal, because 1 am
of the earnest conviction that the benefit to be
derived from the repeal bears no relation what-
ever to the great injury involved. 1 speak in
the interest of the State which I have the honor
to represent in part on this floor; and I call
on my colleagues representing that State to
join with me iu defending that interest from
assault to-day. What is proposed by this
amendment? It is proposed to repeal the duty
on bituminous coal. There is no duty on
anthracite coal. The duty on coal, therefore,
had no effect whatever to produce the recent
rise in the markets of New York, and my
friend from New York [Mr. Cox] is a gentle-
man of too much intelligence not to know this
fact.
Mr. COX. What is the cost of mining
Cumberland coal 
Mr. PLAIT. I have not time in five min-
utes to answer all of the gentleman's questions,
and (as 1 always take pleasure in following the
example of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] when 1 can do so conscientiously)
1 do not know that I can do better than follow
the example which he has set of declining to
be interrupted. I say, sir, that the repeat of
this duty will have only this effect. I ask the
attention of the members of the House to a
statement I shall make, and I defy successful
contradiction to any of the facts I shall state.
The only effect will be to cheapen coal in the
northern' cities to those who use the bitumin-
ous coal, who are not the poor people of the
country, but the gas companies and manufac-
turing establishments; and I do not believe
any intelligent man on this floor will for one
moment believe that these gas companies of
New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Balti-
more will sell their gas to consumers cheaper
because of the utter destruction of this branch
of our home industry and the opportunity
afforded to those gas companies of getting their
coal from Nova Scotia for manufacturing gas
at a lower rate. It cannot affect anthracite
coal, which is the only coal consumed by the
people outside of the localities where bitumin-
ous coal is produced.
I desire to say a word in answer to an argu-
ment made by a gentleman here a short time
ago, who stated that, although living in a State
where there is a large amount of capital in-
vested iti the production of bituminous coal,
he thought the interest of consumers com-
pelled hiin to vote for the repeal of the duty,
in order that consumers in that State might
get their coal cheaper than now. I will say
to the gentleman that the effect of the repeal
of this duty will be to close every mine in
Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland, and Ohio.
Its effect will be to stop entirely the produc-
tion of bituminous coal in the United States
and to throw out of employment at least fifty
thousand laborers who are now employed in
the production of the article. Its effect will
be to close every coal-pit in the States where
bituminous coal is now being mined, and place
us at the mercy of the producers of coal in the
British provinces, who pay nothing for keep-
ing up our institutions, and to whom it is now
proposed to give all the benefits of our mar-
kets with no compensating advantage what-
ever to us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOPIBLD rose.
Mr. COX. What is the question now?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the formal amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Platt.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, all that
labor and all that capital asks for in the ar-
rangement of a tariff is stability. Ifyou impose
no duty on coal and propose to get your coal
from Nova Scotia, labor and capital for its
production will assemble there. But if you
lay a duty on coal, labor and capital come for
its production to western Pennsylvania and
Virginia and Maryland. The result will be
that they will open, as they have done in Mary-
land, a great canal, and a large amount of cap-
ital is invested in the work. They will open as
they have done in Pennsylvania, several rail-
roads, and will get laborers to work, gathered
from Ireland, from Wales, from Germany, frotn
all over this country. These laborers make their
homes around where the capital is invested.
And then if you come in and modify that tariff
and abplisti the duty, the result is that you
sink the capital which has been invested and
drive the laborers out of employment.
All that labor and capital ask is that you
shall keep the law stable. If you do not pro-
pose to keep up the tariff upon coal, then why
did you seduce these laborers from their old
homes and their old occupations ; why did you
seduce capital from its old investments, to go
and embark in this new enterprise? Did you
establish them one year merely that you might
destroy them the next? The same principle
applies to everything else. Look to my own
State. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] is very fond of talking about the tariff
on iron. We asked you for no tariff on pig
iron in the beginning. You put a tariff on iron
to raise revenue and to develop an industry in
this country. The result was that capital from
all parts of the world, from the city of New
York, from Boston, from London, and every-
where else, came to Pennsylvania. And they
have built up their furnaces there; they have
opened their railroads and canals; they have
built up little cities and large towns all over
the State, in the development of an enterprise
in which the whole country, nay, the whole
world, is interested.
And now the gentleman from New York,
[Mr; Cox,] in a flippant speech, making a dis-
play of a little bit of wit, proposes to strike
down this enterprise which his more weighty-
predecessors in this Congress have fostered and
established. During nearly the whole of the
long session of last Congrpss we discussed the
tariff. We fixed upon a duty which I thought
then and believe now to be an imperfect pro-
tection. But 1 say that the work of six months
ought not to be undone in an hour.
1 conclude, Mr. Chairman, as I began, by
saying that the labor of the country and the
capital of the country ask nothing of Congress
but. to stand by the laws it enacts long enough
to get a fair returu from the enterprises in
which those laws have induced them to embark.
Mr. PLATT. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PETilUS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] by striking out "twelve" and insert-
ing "six'1 and by striking out "eighteen"
and inserting "nine;" so that it will read:
That from and after the passage of this act the
duty on suit in bulk shall be six cents per one hun-
dred pounds and on salt in sacks or bags nine cents
per one hundred pounds.
Mr. Chairman, I do not go the whole length
upon this question with my colleague, [Mr.
