1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
Hale.] I am willing to have some tariff
upon coal and salt. If I cannot get it atalow
rate, I go for free coal and free salt. The tariff
on salt has been well nigh prohibitory. The
merchants of my place'tell me that it has been
about three hundred percent, on an averageof
the last ten years. VV'ecan buy salt at Turk's
Island almostas cheaply as you can buy ballast,
and they tell me, and I believe it, that they have
paid nearly three hundred per cent. I know,
sir, that the owners of coal mines in Nova
Scotia and the workers of them would have
been glad to have taken a tariff on coal at fifty
cents a ton. They can make money upon it,
and we can have a carrying trade upon it. But
the trouble has been that the parties interested
in coal and salt would not make an opening
on this question ; they would allow no hearing
even. The Committee of Way and Means of
the last Congress actually presented a bill to
this House to increase the duty on salt rather
than to diminish it.
Now, sir, if I can reach these low duties I
will go for them ; otherwise, I will go to the
full extent. I shall vote for some duty for this
reason : where there is a competition between
the labor of the provinces and the labor of the
States, while our labor is taxed directly and is
taxed in a thousand ways indirectly, whiie the
labor of the provinces pays hardly any taxa-
tion whatever, it is fair and reasonable that in
that competition between us and the provinces
our labor shall receive some protection ; and
when the duty is made reasonable I will vote
for it, and when it is beyond that point I will
not vote for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to oppose, pro
forma, the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine; but I shall address myself substan-
tially in reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.] The remarks which he
has made here have been very elementary on
the subject of the tariff; and as I do not wish
to say anything special with regard to this mat-
ter, I address myself to the subject on which
he has spoken. He makes his appeals in
behalf of the labor and in behalf of the work-
ingtnen of the country, and insists, that we
ought not to adopt the provisions of this bill,
because labor will suffer. Sir, I have had the
honor of being in Congress for the last eight
years, and during all that period I have never
heard of anybody being here in the lobbies or
around the corridors of this Capitol advocating
a tariff in the interest of labor ; but I have
met. at every turn and in almost every place
about the Capitol inen representing money,
men representing large wealth, men represent-
ing large companies of consolidated and asso-
ciated wealth, advocating a tariff.
Now. sir, why is it if these tariffs are in the
interest of labor that the laborer has never an
agent here, that he has never an advocate on
this floor, unless it is the Representative whom
he elects to Congress? Capital, associated
wealth, and all these corporate and manufac-
turing companies aie here represented in large
numbers and on all occasions advocating a
tariff under the miserable pretense that they
are acting in the interest of labor. Why is it
that we do not in adjusting our tariff pay to
the man who digs the coal something? Why
not give hitn a percentage on his day's work
instead of putting it into the hands of capital-
ists to enforce by exactions on him labor for
the precise sum which the capitalist and man-
ufacturer shall name ? Why is it that we have
these strikes ? Why is it that the laborer is
compelled to suspend his labor ? Does any
one suppose that it is because of his own vol-
untary action? We understand perfectly well
that these strikes are made by capital, by the
companies engaged in this work, and that they
combine with their laborers to make these
strikes in order that they may get a high price
for the coal that they are digging from their
mines.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania tells us that they do not need any
tariff on pig iron, and the idea was held up
that the tariff was originally forced upon the
people of Pennsylvania, that the tariff was
placed upon pig iron against the will of the
men who make pig iron. Have we ever
heard of any of these manufacturers of pig
iron opposing any rate of tariff which we saw
fit to place upon pig iron? Have we ever
heard the gentleman from Pennsylvania telling
us that it was not necessary to put a tariff upon
pig iron? He tells us that the fact that we
placed a high tariff upon pig iron has brought
capital here from foreign countries, and that
it has built up cities and villages all around
them, and that now if we should lessen that
tariff it would bring embarrassment and per-
haps disaster upon those -cities and those vil-
lages. Then it must be apparent that the tariff
has been unnecessarily high aud has produced
most unnatural results.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLEji, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
word ''coal."
The CHAIRMAN. That constitutes the
entire amendment. The gentleman can pro-
pose some formal amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
then, to strike out the last word. I only de-
sire t.o call the attention of the Committee of
the Whole to the exact condition of this coal
question.
When we were discussing and about to pass
in the last Congress a bill to protect life and
property in the southern communities, the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] by a
legislative maneuver, got before the House a
resolution to repeal the duty upon coal. He
seemed to think it was more necessary that
the tariff on coal should be adjusted than that
human life, human rights, and men's rights
and liberties should be preserved; and by that
motion he prevented the consideration of a
bill to protect life and property in the South.
Now, in the juncture at which this motion
was made—when the House blindly followed
the lead of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] the statesmanship of which can
be readily seen—there was a high commission
sitting at the State Department deliberating
upon an adjustment of the rights of fisheries
and the various claims and wishes of the
Dominion Government. That Government
would have given all that we claimed for our
fishermen, for the fishermen who supply cheap
food for the poor, in return for a relaxation
of the duty upon coal. We could have ex-
changed the tariff on coal for the fisheries;
but, without considering the question, without
examining it, under a suspension of the rules,
when no word could be said, the House was
led, iu what may well be termed a legislative
panic, to vote upon the question of taking the
duty from coal.
Now what was to be gained by taking the
duty from coal ? What was to be gained by
the West, for instance? Does any coal from
Pictou go to the West? No ; and the trouble
is that until you can cheapen transportation,
untilyou can control railroads, until you can put
yourhandsupon the exorbitant freights charged
for coal, you cannot change the price of coal
to the rich or to the poor. And the question
of the price of coal in New York, which
recently reached twenty dollars per ton, was
a question not of mining, not of the labor of
the miners, not of the tariff upon coal, but of
the railroad tariff and railroad rates of freight.
Mr. PETERS. And coal was eight dollars
a ton in this city at the same time it was twenty
dollars a ton in New York.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes ; the
evidence of what I state is to be found in the
fact that a large amount of coal was sold in
this city at six dollars a ton at the very mo-
ment that coal was being paid for in New York
by the people at fifteen dollars a tou ; from
fifteen to twenty dollars a ton. I look upon
this whole movement iu regard to coal, there-
fore, as a matter of simple deraagogery, a
simple design to catch votes. And 1 wonder,
as much as I wonder at anything at my time
of life, at a Republican House of Represent-
atives following the lead of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood,] who was endeavor-
ing by legislative strategy—rightly put and
well done on his side—to lead the Republican
party to destruction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I want to call the attention of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bet-
lee] to some facts, and also to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield.] who thought my remarks so flip-
pant, to some other facts. The gentleman
from Massachusetts has struck the matter in
the white when he says that the question of
transportation has so much to do with it.
But if you had free coal from Nova Scotia
transportation would not have so much to do
with the question. The gentleman knows that
his own constituents are now crying oat for a
chance to transport cheaply from Nova Scotia,
because they cannot transport cheaply from
Georgetown or Baltimore. A few facts will
set this matter right before the country ; and
no diversion, no undertaking to say that this
proposition in the last Congress was got through
hy strategy, no attack upon my colleague, [Mr.
Wood,] to whom, as we all understood, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
himself yielded for the very purpose of.sub-
mitting this proposition about coal, will pre-
vent me from stating the real Pacts as to the
cost of coal at the mine aud the cost when
laid down at Boston and New York.
Mr. BUl'LBR, of Massachusetts. Do I
understand the gentleman to say that I yielded
to his colleague [Mr. Wood] to introduce the
bill to repeal the duty on coal?
Mr. COX. So 1 understood.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
he took me off the floor by a privileged motion.
Mr. COX. I supposed the gentleman was
helping us to get free coal. I did not suppose
that a gentleman who had helped us so nobly
in the effort to get down the duty on pig iron •
would oppose free coal, when.all his people
are calling out for cheap caloric and have in-
structed him, as I understand, on this subject.
I want to give some facts to my friend, if he
will allow me to call him so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You may
call me so as long as you please. I will answer
as I please. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Cumberland coal is mined at
sixty cents per ton, and sold to the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company at $1 25 per ton,
showing a profit of one hundred and twenty-
five per cent. The same coal, sent to Boston,
sells for $7 12 per ton. There is a freight
charge of $5 87 on all coal between George-
town or Baltimore and Boston, whereas Nova
Scotia coal, without duty, could be laid down
there under contract for five dollars per ton.
A communication which I have frotn a Boston
house—I could give the name if necessary
states that the average price for Cumberland
coal delivered at Boston from Georgetown is
$7 to $7 10; and from Baltimore, $7 25 to
$7 30. Pennsylvania gas coal sold in New
York in 1854 for ten dollars per ton ; but iu
competition with Nova Scotia gas-coal it was
reduced to $6 35 ; and from I860 to 1866, only
fifty-nine thousand tons of Pennsylvania coal
could be sold in New York, to some six hun-
dred thousand tons of Nova Scotia coal.
Besides, sir, thecapital engaged in Nova Scotia
coal is three fifths American.
Certain localities of the country are getting
the advantage of our high coal tariff without
any benefit to the manufacturer or to the con-
sumer, or the men who use the commodities
in the production of which cheap^caloric and
cheap machinery are required.^ ihe Govern-
ment gets no benefit from this duty. Sixty-
nine million dollars were paid during ihe year
before last to the men who mined the coal,
