30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
while scarcely half a million went into the
Treasury.
Gentlemen talk about capital controlling in
the business of legislation. I tell you. sir, it
is the people who demand the removal of this
tariff. I dare speak here for the people. I
represent no Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, no gas company, no people who are
interested in jobs either at home or abroad. I
speak for the people, who demand cheap
caloric, which is necessary for their very life
during the winter season in our large cities.
Nine tenths of the people join with rae in the
demand which I make on this subject.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I object to its being
withdrawn. Let us have a vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects to the withdrawal of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
which is to strike out the last word of the text
of the bill.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, it was
not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
original bill by striking out the last word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that an amendment, after being voted
down, cannot be again offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, then, to amend
by striking out the last three words.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask to have the
amendment, reported.
'The Clf.rk. Strike out the words "upon
the same."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist that the
gentleman's remarks shall be confined to the
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Illinois is always so germane to the matter in
hand, and never wanders in discussion, and
never endeavors to catch the applause of the
• galleries, that the point of order comes with a
good grace from him, and I can only say that
1 might have expected as much.
Gentlemen talk here frequently about legis-
lating in the interest of capital. We some-
times suppose we are legislating in the inter-
est of the masses of the people when in point
of fact we are legislating in the interest of
capital, and capital, too, in the most objec-
tionable form. The duty on anthracite eoal,
the only fuel eoal in the country, has been
taken off since the 1st of January last. The
price of anthracite coal, we are told, has been
increasing and increasing until it has reached
an unprecedented sum. Of course the duty
has nothing to do with that. Bituminous coal,
which is the only kind under consideration, is
used for manufacturing purposes. The papers
have announced that, a few days since, one
thousand tons of bituminous coal and more
were sold in this city at $3 50 a ton. The duty
on bituminous coal amounts to something like
six hundred thousand dollars a year, and it is
paid very largely from coal coining from Nova
Scotia. That coal is mined, as I understand
the facts, by capitalists in this country, by men
living in the State of Maine, Some of the prin-
cipal stockholders, I learn, live in Maine, some
in and about Boston, and some in New York.
These are the men who pay this duty of some-
thing over half a million dollars into the public
Treasury. And we are asked to take this duty
off, so that these gentlemen may put into their
own pockets that which they have been putting
into the Treasury of the United States. If we
are to take such a large amount of money out
of the Treasury I do not see why we should
put it into the pockets of those engaged in coal
mining in Nova Scotia, for that will be the
i effect of the pending proposition. This is not
! \ legislating in the interest of labor.
hold in my hand, sir, a memorial from
the citizens of Alleghany county, Maryland,
adopted at a public meeting in Cumberland
last year, which was introduced by myself,
referred to tbe Committee of Waysand Means,
and ordered to be printed. I will ask permis-
sion to incorporate it in my remarks and have
it printed in the Globe, so that those who
choose to do so may have a better opportunity
to examine the facts. This comes in the in-
terest of labor, in the interest of miners, in
the interest of those who dig the coal from the
bowels of the earth, in the interest of labor as
against capital. I ask this House to pause
before they take off this duty and legislate
this large sum of money out of the Treasury,
which may be used by these monopolists as a
corruption fund, task that the memorial be
printed with my remarks.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [The memorial will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
have a vote taken on the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. KELLEY. Will not the gentleman
allow a vote to be taken on my amendment?
Mr. HALE. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maine is to be voted on first.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] is an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The question first recurred on Mr. Peters's
amendment to the substitute offered by Mr.
Kelley.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 75.
So tbe amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the substitute
offered by Mr. ICelley.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
substitute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is silent on the subject of coal. I want it to
be amended by adding the words "no duty
shall be imposed or collected on coal, but the
same shall be placed on the free list." I will
not offer the amendment now; I will withdraw
it for the present.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to his withdrawing it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have a right to
withdraw it. It has not been debated or voted
Oil.
Mr. HALE. Let the substitute again be
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out and insert, after the enacting clause,
these words:
That from and after the passage of this act the
duty on salt in bulk shall be twelve cents per hun-
dred pounds, and on salt in sacks or bags eighteen
cents per hundred pounds.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question being taken on the motion that
the committee rise, it was not agreed to—ayes
thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment so that it shall read, "that the duty on
salt shall be eight cents per bushel." This
would restore the tariff of 1842, and it seems
to rae, that instead of imposing the duty on
salt in bulk, according to the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, it would
be much more simple, as salt is sold by the
bushel, to impose the duty in the same way.
Mr. COX. I desire to understand precisely
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch.] The gentleman knows that salt
used for fishing purposes is admitted free, or
that there is a drawback on it. Does he pro-
pose to take away that privilege?
Mr. LYNCH. I do not propose to touch
that. I desire simply by my amendment that
as salt is sold by the bushel, we shall levy the
duty on it at so much per bushel, instead of
at so much per hundred pounds. And, as I
have already stated, the duty formerly was
levied on salt by the bushel, and not by the
hundred pounds.
Mr. PETERS. Will my colleague yield to
me for a remark?
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to say that a duty
of eight cents per bushel, under the tariff of
1842, was proportionably much less than such
a duty would be now at present prices.
Mr. LYNCH. And I would add that eight
cents per bushel is a tariff somewhat less than
the rate proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman state
to tbe committee what constitutes a bushel of
salt?
Mr. COX. The rate varies from fifty to
eighty pounds a bushel.
Mr. LYN CH. I believe four pecks or thirty-
two quarts constitute a bushel. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not ask the ques-
tion in any spirit of levity.
Mr. LYNCH. If I have misunderstood the
gentleman, I shall be glad to have him repeat
his question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Maine has expired. The Chair
recognizes the gentleman from Neiv York,
[Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Thegentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] proposes by his amendment, as
I understand him, to levy a duty of eight cents
a bushel on salt. But the cost of salt in Eng-
land, near Liverpool, is but four cents per
bushel, and it is delivered on board ship at
Liverpool at six cents per bushel. This amend-
ment would, then, provide for a tariff of more
than one hundred per cent, on the value of the
article as delivered on board ship at Liverpool.
Now, the present tariff, according to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] is
one of about one hundred per cent. Accord-
ing to my best information, however, it is
rather one of two hundred per cent.
Mr. PETERS. Nearer three than two.
Mr. POTTER. Thegentleman from Maine
says nearer three hundred per cent. Now, salt
is an article of prime necessity, which enters
into every man's life and daily consumption.
It is not a manufactured article, except to the
extent of evaporating the water from the brine.
It may be called a natural production. It is
to be found in this country and in every coun-
try. Why should there be any duty upon it at
all? Not in order to obtain it; not in order to
cheapen it. The answer to any such sugges-
tion is to be found in the fact that before the
war there was practically no duty on salt at
all, and yet the supply was abundant and the
price far lower than now. For years before
the war there was no duty on salt except a
small ad valorem duty of about fifteen per
cent., which was practically no duty at all.
During the war a duty was put on salt 'for
revenue, which yields now about a million
dollars per year, but takes out of the pockets
of the people, as thegentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Finkelnburg] has said, some three mil-
lion dollars. 1 think the time has arrived
when that tax should be abolished, when this
article which enters into every man's daily
necessities and daily consumption, should be
free to the laboring men of the country.
Certain monopolies which have the control
of salt in my State will suffer by it, and they
ought to suffer by it. ^ Certain manufacturers
elsewhere in the United States will get less
profits, if we make this change, than they
have heretofore gotten; and they ought to
get less. For $3,000,000 taken out of the
people's pockets to put $1,000,000 a year
into the Treasury of the Government, is the
worst of all economy, and it is high time that
it should come to an end. I trust, therefore,
that not only the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] but also all
other amendments relating to the tariff on salt
