1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
will be voted down, and that we shall have as
the first work of this Cougress that measure of
wise and just legislation, free salt.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment offered by Mr. Lynch, and
it was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Kelley's
amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] by adding thereto "from and after
the passage of this act there shall be no higher
duty on coal than fifty cents per ton."
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman will
■withdraw that, so that there may be a little
discussion on the coal question. I would like
to make a brief communication to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania can oppose the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Is it open to debate?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I desire to say that
the amendment is a proposition to put money
in the treasury of the province of Nova Scotia,
and to transfer from the Treasury of the United
States to the owners of certain mines in Nova
Scotia and in the neighborhood of Nanimo, in
British Columbia, about five hundred thousand
dollars a year. The coal that is exported from
Nova Scotia pays a duty to the province of ten
cents a ton. We import from four to six
hundred thousand tons a year, so that we pay
them from forty to sixty thousand dollars for
the support of the Province.
Again, sir, as to the price of coal. The small
amount, from four to six hundred thousand
tons, that comes in on the Atlantic sea-board
.between the Potomac and the Province, is
consumed with twenty millions of American
coal. The twenty million tons regulate the
price of the six hundred thousand tons, and,
as I showed to the last Congress, the price of
Nova Scotia coal rises and tails with the price
of American bituminous. coal. Anthracite
coal is as distinct from bituminous as chalk
is from cheese or butter. They have scarcely
any commercial relation to each other. Vir-
ginia and North Carolina have coal-fields lying
at the water's edge that would give us a carry-
ing trade between them and New England
if this duly is maintained, and will do it. I
appeal to the gentlemen from North Caro-
lina, who remember the coal-beds on the banks
of the Dan and other rivers of that State,
and to the gentlemen from Virginia, who
remember the tide-water coal-fields on the
James and other rivers, whether they may
not have a New England market; whether
American coasting vessels may not carry fuel;
whether we may not feed from our grain-fields
the miners and carriers of the coal; or whether
"we shall give $000,000 a year to the owners
of Nova Scotia mines, and contribute, on the
average, $50,000 a year to the treasury of the
province of Nova Scotia?
The price of Nova Scotia coal follows ours.
Thus it is shown, by the Boston Shipping-List
and Price-Current, that the average price iu
1862 was §5 60a ton; in 18G3, $7 40; 1111804,
$10 40; and in 1805, $9 60. That was with
tree coal, with no duty upon it under the reci-
procity treaty. In March, 1806, the reciprocity
treaty was repealed, and a duty of $1 25 per
ton placed upon coal. Then it dropped from
$9 60 to $8 54, and in the next year to $7 29.
That is the last year for which I have a state-
ment. This shows that it bears a steady relation
to Cumberland coal; and while you will strike
down the carrying companies of Maryland and
West Virginia and Pennsylvania; while you
will close the opening prospect for the coal-
fields of Virginia and North Carolina ; while
you will take from the Treasury between five
.and six hundred thousand dollars a year, you
willnot affect the price of coal in any American
market to the amount of one cent per ton. Six
hundred thousand tons cannot regulate the
price of twenty million tons. This, I repeat,
is a measure to give to the owners of foreign
coal-fields in the province of Nova Scotia five
or six hundred thousand dollars a year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. PETERS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] will renew it.
Mr. COX. I will do so.
Mr. CREBS. I object to the amendment
being withdrawn. I insist that there shall be
a vote upon it.
The amendment moved by Mr. Peters was
to add to the substitute moved by Mr. Kelley
"and from and after the passage of this act
there shall be no higher duty on coal than
fifty cents per ton."
The question was taken upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Peters, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to insert'' potatoes'' on
the free list.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no; let us take
the vote on this other first.
Mr. COX. Well, I will not move that amend-
ment now.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the drawback of the duties now
paid on the salt used iu curing and preserving fish
shall be allowed and paid.
I move that amendment so that if the sub-
stitute shall become law it shall not be con-
strued as repealing that provision now allow-
ing this drawback. And now I yield the re-
mainder of my time to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I thank the gentleman for his
courtesy. There was a great deal of difficulty
last summer, as gentlemen will remember,
about regulating this question of tariff, owing
to the complication concerning what were the
specific and what the ad valorem duties.^ Since
that time our Commissioner of Statistics has
furnished a document, a report by the Deputy
Special Commissioner of Revenue, in which he
has very happily reduced the tariff on all this
immense number of articles to the ad valorem
standard. On the article of salt in bulk he
fixes the tariff at one hundred and eight and a
half per cent, ad valorem-, on salt in bags at
eighty three and three fourths per cent. Now
this does not include the incidental protection
which comes from transportation from abroad
and which is to be added to the price of the
article to the consumer in one sense.
But this is what I wish to call the attention of
this committee to: these raw materials, as my
friend from New York [Mr. Potter] spoke
about a moment ago, those articles almost
made by-nature herself, are taxed, in addition
to the ordinary transportation from abroad,
enormously, and beyond any computation of
any tariff of the kind in our former history.
And I would like gentlemen from New Eng-
land, especially, to remember what is being
said in their papers on this subject. Your
Republican papers, like the Republican papers
of the West, are crying out for the liberation
of commerce and trade from these exactions.
A paper in Boston says:
"The effect of these high duties upon our raw
materials is disastrous to our industries, as they
restrict and depress, instead of protecting our man-
ufacture. Thus a tariff formed ostensibly ior the
protection ot American labor is lound exercising
against it an unjust difcrimination. Those who are
titus adversely affected teel that our tariff legisla-
tion injures them, that other interests may derive
large benefits. The time seems to have arri ved when
the manufacturers of New England should demand
that their raw material shall be free. Laboring
under the disadvantages imposed by heavy taxes
upon the crude materials ol their industries, they
cannot compete, on fair terms, with foreign man-
ufacturers who receive their materials tree, and
they are thusdebaned from that measure of success
to which their capital, skill, and loner experience
entitle them. Give us our raw materials lree, anu
we can afford to manufacture our goods under a low
revenue duty. But by taxing the materials heav-
ily and protecting our manuiaetures by insufficient
duties, we are placed in a most disadvantageous
position. The taxes on coal, Iron,-steel, lumbar,
salt, &c., articles whioh enter so largely into Olir
manufactures, are very oppressive to Mew England
industry, and abstract millions of dollars annually
from the value of our produotive labor."
A New York paper says:
"The interest of the whole community in thi«
matter is, in the end, the same with that of the pro-
ducers of coal. At present the miners do not see
this; the railroad companies and 'operators' see it
and act upb'n it. These companies, .owning the cap-
ital in the coal trade, have united to break down
the compact by which the miners try to limit pro-
duction and maintain famine prices; they have
agreed to do nothing until the miners give up this
system, and consent to put coal-mining on the same
basis as other business, letting the laws of supply
and demand regulate the price without artificial
interference. If they succeed, the constant scarcity
and violent fluctuations which have prevailed in the
coal market ior several years will come to an end,
the consumption of coal will increase rapidly, ana
the whole people will be freed from what is now a
cause of frequent differing and perpetual anxiety.
In the present conflict with the miners' association,
therefore, these companies should have the moral
support and good wishes of the community in spite
of the temporary inconvenience to which, so long as
tho miners' strike holds out, it may subject them."
And I learned when I was in Portland, speak-
ing in favor of shipping, in which my Iriend
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] is so much interested,
that in each ship costing $90,000, $1,000 worth
of salt was always used, being placed between
the timbers of the ship for their preservation.
Thus, we do not know where these things go.
They go everywhere ; it costs every man,
woman, and child something. It is like taxing
bread and the very necessaries of existence.
And I appeal now to the gentlemen from New
England, to the gentlemen from all the other
parts of the country, to the great West, which
suffers from this monopoly, to New York, which
suffers daily and nightly. 1 appeal to them all
to come forward now, in obedience to the de-
mands of their own people, their own manu-
facturers, and their own poor people, and assist
us in endeavoring to cut down this abnormal
and most oppressive tariff.
Mr. CONGER. I would ask the gentleman,
while he is striving to cheapen salt for the
poor, why be does not add a clause to remove
the tariff from flour, wheat, beef, pork, and
potatoes?
Mr. COX. Oh, the tariff on them, you know,
is a mere nothing, a mere tub to the whale.
But I will go for that; I am for universal free
trade.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. COX. And I am exhausted, too.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to taking the vote now on the sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley;] and when that is
done, if I can obtain the floor, I will move
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] to the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine.
The CHAIRMAN. That would not^be in
order, as it would be an amendment in the
third degree.
The amendment of Mr. Peters was read,
as follows :
Add to the bill the following:
Provided, That a drawback ot the duties now paid
on all salt used in curing and preserving lish shall
be allowed and paid.
Mr. BURCHARD. I ask the gentleman
from Maine to modify his amendment so as
to insert after "fish" the words "and pack-
ing beef and pork."
Mr. PETERS. The object of the amend-
ment is simply to continue the existing law on
this subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill, at any
rate, would not repeal it.
Mr. PETERS. It might be so construed.
