738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
lation of the last Congress, and that the re-
ceipts are far beyond expectation and beyond
our needs. He startled the House with the
statement that while gentlemen boasted that
we were reducing the tariff, we were increas-
ing the revenue the present fiscal year over
five millions! Whereas the year before the
revenue was §194.538,000, the year ending
June 30, 1871, it will be nearly two hundred
millions!
I may be allowed also to recall the compar-
ison he made between the expenditures of 1860
and of 1870. In 1860 they were about sixty
millions. Adding thirty per cent, for increase
of population and ten per cent, for deprecia-
tion of currency, my colleague then added
the pension, Indian, and interest expenditures
for 1870—making as a total and as a proper
expenditure, on a frugal basis, $226,690,905.
This agrees so nearly with my resolution that
I am proud to be confirmed by the superior
discernment of my colleague for adding, as I
have, $25,000,000 for the reduction of the
public debt, and you will have $251,690,905 ;
so that the maximum of my resolution of
$250,000,000 is more nearly correct than I
supposed. Why, then, Mr. Speaker, should
not the resolution pass?
Since a motion has been made in the Sen-
ate upon this subject by the Senator from
Ohio, I should think, if he were in earnest in
the matter, there would be a strong feeling in
this House to second his movement. This
resolution is preliminary to a resolution which
I tried all day yesterday to offer, and which
reads as follows :
Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed
by the Speaker, who are hereby instructed during
the recess to carefullyexamine the existing system
of taxation, with a view to propose such amend-
ments to the present laws as will simplify and
reduce both the internal taxes and the duties on
imported goods, now in force, in such a manner that
tlio aggregate of such taxes shall not exceed the
sums reauired for the public credit, and the current
expenditures of the Government, administered with
the strictest economy, so that the taxes may be dis-
tributed to impose the least possible burden upon
the people: Provided, That, in ease the Committee
ot Ways and Means be appointed at this session,
they shall perform the duties assigned by this reso-
lution.
I should like to offer that as an amendment
to the present resolution. The pending res-
olution is a proper premise for this conclusion.
It asserts, what we all know, and what the peo-
ple believe, at least the business portion, that
the $100,000,000 or the $119,000,000 paid in
1870^ by the Secretary of the Treasury on the
public debt is a premature payment, and that
we are exhausting the energies of the people
by_ this extraordinary system. If there is one
thing upon which the people of this country
are agreed, irrespective of party, it is that if
this Congress adjourns, it is derelict unless it
mitigates the severity of taxation. All your
measures here about the South, enforcement
bills for voting, or Ku Klux, about San Do-
mingo, every thing pertaining to our current
business, are as dust in Upscale compared to a
reduction of the burdens of taxation.
_The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
KklletJ the other day offered a resolution for
the purpose of striking down at once the in-
ternal revenue system. The House leaped
forward to embrace it with eagerness; but
it embraced a cloud. There was nothing in
il. The gentleman from Pennsylvania took
care to leave spirits and tobacco still taxable
under the same pernicious internal revenue
system. That system must be continued ; and
from what transpired the other day, and from
the papers read by the gentleman from Vir- "
gima, [Jlr. Platt,] it appears that two fifths
ot all the wrongs in our revenue are committed
in the_ tobacco^ business, and we know how
much is committed with respect to distilled
and brewed liquors; so that if the gentleman's
resolution should succeed and is made legisla-
tion t.io same pernicious internal revenue
system, with all its enginery and corruption,
its inquisitorial powers and odious features,
remains. Nothing would be gained to the
people by such a reform as he proposed.
What we want is a general system of reform,
such as was so ably indicated by my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] in his speech the other day.
I know the gentleman from Pennsylvania
was not " in dead and bloody earnest" in pre-
senting that resolution. I will say that much
with all respect for him. He desires, and no
wonder, to have all our taxes collected by a
tariff. His people are special beneficiaries of
the tariff. I desire no tax collected which
will give bounty to one class against others;
and, though this may be an old song in this
House, it will be sung and sung again in this
House and out of this House until something
liberal is accomplished in the interest of equal
taxation, which is the interest of the great
mass of the consumers and the people.
This matter was called up this morning with-
out my anticipating it, and I do not know pre-
cisely what is the condition of the question
now before the House, so I would like to take
the instructions of the Chair. "Would it be in
order for me to move the resolution I have
read as an addendum or amendment to the
resolution of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire as to this committee? Before I conclude,
if it be in order, I should like to offer that
amendment, and then if the House chooses
we can organize this general investigation dur-
ing the recess. Who can object to such a fair
disposition of a matter about which there are
so many real grievances confessed, as requir-
ing remedy at our hands ? Why not have a
special committee appointed this session ? All
I demand in behalf of my constituents and of
the_ masses, is that such an examination of our
varied interests affected by taxation be had,
and a remedial system be adopted, without
disturbing the business, the vested interests of
the people. Iam not partial, and no gentleman
here should approve of tinkering the tariff or
the internal revenue system in important or
unimportant details. Let us not merely repeal
the duty on one article, and then on another.
Let us if possible make a thorough reform,
looking to all the articles taxed and the inter-
ests of every part of the country, whether
manufactures, agriculture, trade, commerce,
mining, or any other class of interests. Thus
we will make a reform which will be satisfac-
tory and permanent. It will be a reform of
which the people will approve, a reform which
will have the effect of settling the business of
the country which requires some repose from
our reckless, changeful, and fluctuating legis-
lation.
I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] who desires to say something.
MESSAGE FK0M THE PRESIDENT .
A message from the President was communi-
cated to the House, by Mr. Horace Porter,
his Private Secretary, informing the House
that the President had approved and signed an
act (II. II. No. 381) relating to the harbor at
Buffalo, New York.
REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have but
one point to which I desire to call attention in
regard to this matter, and that is to the man-
ifest impropriety, in my judgment, in this
House adjourning without first organizing some
committee which shall be charged with the con-
sideration of this matter of a revision of the
tariff and tax laws of the country. We have
heard, especially during the past year, a great
deal of talk about revenue reform. A portion
of the Republican party, many friends of the
Administration now in power, claim to be as
much in favor of revenue reform, of a revis-
ion of the revenue laws with reference to the
revenue merely, for the purpose of removing
many of the burdens now fastened upon the
industry of the country, as any other class of
men in the country are.
So_decided was this feeling inside of the
Republican party, as expressed by many gen-
tlemen after the elections last fall, that a strong
opinion went out that they would vote for no-
body for Speaker of this House who would not,
in all reasonable probability, so organize the
committees of this House that this feeling in
favor of revenue reform would at'least have a
hearing during the present session of Congress.
As many predicted, however, that movement
inside of the Republican party resulted in noth-
ing practical. But still we at least have some
gentlemen here in this House supported by
many Republican newspapers all over the coun-
try, who insist that the Republican party is
earnestly in favor of some revision of the tax
and tariff laws, as much so as are any mem-
bers of any other political party.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask my friend
a question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Wait one moment. Now,
sir, everybody who has any experience upon
the subject of legislation knows very well that
no system of tax laws can be adopted, such as
we should have in the present condition of
this country, except by patient, exhaustive re-
search and inquiry. It must be the work of
months at least; and it ought to be the work
of months devoted to nothing else, for it is a
sort of work that is scarcely compatible with
any other kind of labor of a legislative char-
acter.
Now, for us to adjourn this House and go to
our homes without organizing some committee
which shall be charged with the subject of a
revision of the revenue laws of the country, is
simply to acknowledge to the country that we
are not in earnest when we insist that those
laws ought to be revised ; it is an acknowl-
edgment to the country that this species of
talk about revenue reform was intended merely
for campaign purposes, and not to have any
practical result in legislation.
• Mr. COBURN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBURN. Is my colleague in favor
of taking the duty off tea, coffee, and sugar,
as a measure of revenue reform ?
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague wants to
divert me from the subject about which I am
talking.
Mr. COBURN. We raise a very large
amount of revenue from tea, coffee, and
sugar.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will talk about that
matter when it comes within the range of prac-
tical discussion.
Mr. COBURN. That is a practical matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to answer my
colleague by saying that I am in favor of taking
the taiiff off tea, eolfee, and sugar.
Mr. COBURN. You are in favor of that
measure ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am.
Mr. COBURN. I would like my other col-
league [Mr. NiblaC'k] to answer my question.
Mr. NIBLACK. If my colleague [Mr. Co-
btjrn] will allow me, I will manage this matter
as I started out to manage it, without being
interrupted by any extraneous matter inter-
jected into my remarks by him or any one
else. I will say that I have voted to take the
tax off tea, coffee, and sugar. If we cannot
get any other and better proposition for the
reduction of the revenues, and have to take it
by piecemeal, I will vote to take the tax or
tariff off almost everything in the country,
until we can bring the taxes of the country
down to the proper standard. My colleague
knows very well how I voted on this measure
two or three weeks ago.
Mr. COBURN. 1 voted against it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Lvoted for it.
Mr. COBURN. Well, I voted my senti-
ments ; I want to know if my colleague voted
his sentiments.
Mr. NIBLACK. That remark is entirely
gratuitous and is unworthy of my colleague,
[Mr. CoBuitx,] although I know nothing about
what value he places upon himself, especially
when he is at tome.
