740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
Mr. F1NKLENBURG. Idesire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kjslley]
a question for the purpose of understanding
the position he occupies on the question of
taxation. Would he take off the iriternaltaxes
upon such articles as tobacco and whisky be-
fore commencing to reduce the customs duties
upon such articles of necessity as coal, salt,
and woolen goods and other articles 1
Mr. COX. That is the question I wanted
to get at. Will the gentleman answer that ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer that question
very fairly and very fully if not cut short by
the gentleman from New York, ia whose time
I am speaking. I would not repeal those taxes
before commencing to revise many of the pro-
visions of the tariff. On salt I have already
declared myself as believing that a reduction
of fifty per cent, of the duty would be judi-
cious. On the question of coal I am thor-
oughly satisfied that the existence of that duty
does not add one farthing to the cost of a ton
of coal to any American consumer. It brings
to our Treasury nearly half a million of dol-
lars per annum, and if we were to repeal
it, that half million dollars would go to pro-
vincial and English coal producers to the
detriment of the American tax-payers. I am
satisfied of that, sir, from a careful examina-
tion and analysis of the prices of coal in the
city of Boston for years before the reciprocity
treaty, for the ten years or more that the reci-
procity treaty existed, and for the years that
have succeeded the repeal of the reciprocity
treaty. Such an examination of facts taken
from the Boston Shipping-List will settle in the
mind of any candid man the fact that to repeal
this duty is to take from our Treasury half a
million dollars in gold per annum, and to
bestow it upon the people of Nova Scotia as a
bribe to them to remain English subjects and
free from our system of internal taxes. That
is the whole of the coal question.
Mr. COX. I must resume the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I thank the gentleman for
his indulgence. I would be glad to go on for
an hour answering any questions that revenue
reformers or free-traders might put to me.
While grieving that I cannot be further cate-
chised, I again thank the gentleman from New-
York for li is courtesy.
Mr. COX. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cobukn.I
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, the term
"revenue reform" used by my colleague [Mr.
Nibi.ack] seems to me a very indefinite one.
Now, "revenue reform" mea,ns something, or
it means nothing. I asked him some practical
questions in relation to the revenue reform he
is in favor of, and among them the taking off
of the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar, which is
the highest high protective measure that pos-
sibly could be adopted, and he said that he
had voted for it, and did not deny but what he
voted for it on general principles. Now, I
voted against taking the duties off tea, coffee,
and sugar on the ground that it was an ex-
tremely high protective measure, not that I
am opposed to protection, but I do not go quite
so far as my Democratic colleagues in favor
of high protection. I class them on that meas-
ure, which was a practical one, alongside of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] who has just now taken his seat.
Sir, 1 presume that I am in favor of reve-
nue reform as much as anybody in a practical
way, and I have offered resolutions and bills
at divers times in relationto this matter. In
the first place, I have been in favor of cutting
down internal taxes and the tariff to such a
psint as that we shall not raise one dollar
more than would pay the interest on the public
debt and the current expenses of the Govern-
ment ; not a dollar more. It is not the busi-
ness of this year, or next year, or of this Ad
ministration, to pay off the public debt. We
should let the country grow and be developed,
and let the next decade or the next generation
do that thing. I do not think the gentleman
will find that the majority of the Republican
party consider it the particular mission of that
party to pay off the public debt. It would be
no great achievement, after all, to pay off the
public debt and drain the resources of the
people so that their prosperity would be de-
stroyed. Whatever money there is over cur-
rent demands in the Treasury I would apply
to this payment at once, keeping no idle money
there.
. There is another matter which I find a little
fault with my Democratic friends for, in rela-
tion to the cry for revenue reform. Every time
we have had a measure to fund the public debt
at a lower rate of interest they have voted
against it. When we can cut down the interest
on the public debt millions and tens of mil-
lions of dollars annually we find gentlemen on
the other side voting " no," without exception.
There is a great measure of revenue reform;
and if they want to do anything practical to
lighten the burdens of the people, in the name
of common sense why do they not vote for a
funding bill to reduce the rate of interest on
the public debt?
Again, sir, last summer, when the great
French and Prussian war broke out, v/e found
these gentlemen opposed to the measure of free
shipping that we wanted to inaugurate and thai
was reported by a Republican committee here,
and which we could have put throiigh in fifteen
minutes; but they delayed action of the House
by dilatory motions, callingthe yeas and nays,
until the hour of" adjournment rolled around,
and we were prevented from adopting that ben-
eficial measure by which we could have bought
the ships of Prussiaand of France, great ocean
iron steamers, for half their value, ana might
have controlled by this time a large share of
the commerce of the world.
Mr. COX. Allow me a word.
Mr. COBURN. Not just now.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is speaking in my
time.
Mr. COBURN. I suppose I have liberty of
speech during my five minutes. I did not
promise to make a Democratic speech.
Mr. COX. You have not liberty to tell what
is not exactly the truth. [Laughter. ]
Mr. COBURN. You can reply to me and
show that I am mistaken.
Mr. COX. I want to reply just now. The
gentleman said that all the gentlemen on this
side of the House voted against the measure
for free ships.
Mr. COBURN. Well, I say the great major-
ity did not favor it, and the record-shows it.
Mr. COX. Wait a moment. The gentle-
man knows well that I introduced the first
resolution here for free ships.
Mr. COBURN. I give the gentleman credit
for that, though I do not think it was the first
one.
Mr. COX. Yes, it was the first one. An-
other was afterward offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and another by Mr. Inger-
soll, of Illinois. They were both after mine:
and after that your President's message was
rushed in here favoring it. As I was a pioneer
on this subject, I am pleased to see gentlemen
of protection tendencies striving to appear
free-traders, on ships at least. Yet your Re-
publican majority, your Republican House,
scuttled free ships. You voted down free
trade. You had refused all the session to
allow us to build ships, and then you adjourned
without allowing us to buy. 1 know that some
Republicans from the West voted for free ships,
but the great body of your party did not so
vote. When the gentleman makes the sweep-
ing charge that this side of the House, as a
body, voted against free ships, I shall confute
him by the record. That record also shows
that I presented the first resolution.
Mr. COBURN. I refer to the record, and
I say it is a fact that the great majority of the
Republicans in the last days of the summer ses-
sion of Congress voted in favor of free ships
against the majority of those ,on the .Democratic
side, who voted for dilatory motions or failed
to vote at all, by which the last hours of Coa-
gress expired and we lost the bill.
Mr. COX. The gentleman knows that the
Republicans had more than two thirds of this
House, and now he undertakes to say that that
two-thirds majority was overcome.
Mr. COBURN. I remember very well the
filibustering on that occasion; my recollection
is not wrong about that.
Mr. KERR. Your arithmetic is wrong.
Mr. COBURN. I only refer to the record.
Mr. KERR. The statement is not correct.
The record does not sustain it.
Mr. COX.' And I have to say 
Mr. COBURN. One at a time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Cobtjrn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBURN. I will risk my reputation
for a good memory on that statement. Now,
these Democrats, my friends over here, talk-
ing about reform, what did the great bulk of
them do the other day? The very same con-
duct that characterized them upon the propo-
sition in relation to free shipping character-
ized their vote in reference to taking the duty
off tea, coffee, and sugar. Do those gentle-
men say they were not sincere iii that vote,
when they vote for that high protective meas-
ure? They voted for |that, atid I voted against
it. I do not blow hot and blow cold in the
same breath and expect to gain popularity on
this humbug cry of "revenue reform." The
Republican is not a cut-throat party ready to
break down the great woolen, iron, and other
manufactures in the mad enterprise of revenue
reform. I am in favor of cutting down the
taxes, reducing the expenses of the country,
and of funding the public debt at a low rate of
interest. I am also in favor of free shipping,
of hoisting the American flag upon a ship, no
matter in what country it may have been built.
There is but one interest in this country that
is opposed to free shipping, and that is the
ship-building interest. All the farmers of the
country, all the mechanics of the country, all
the producers, all the merchants, ali the com-
mercial men, all the consumers of the coun-
try, all of them are by their interests opposed
to the ship-building interest and in favor of free
shipping.
Now, I say that on the last day of the session
of last Congress, when the matter of ship-
building came up, many of the Democrats, a
large portion of them, united in filibustering
out the session, by which means we were unable
to pass that measure, which, if passed, would
give us at this hour the scepter of the ocean.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I wish to refer the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Cobce.v] to the record.
When he says that the body of the Democratic
members in this House voted against free ship-
ping either in the committee or in the House,
lie is mistaken.
Mr. COBURN. I will show you by refer-
ence to the record of the last vote.
Mr. COX. On adjournment?
Mr. COBURiy. Yes; on that vote.
Mr. COX. Why did you not, with your
two-thirds majority, keep us in session ?
Mr. COBURN. We could not control that
matter at that time.
Mr. COX. Oh! there are only fifteen Dem-
ocrats recorded as against that measure finally.
Mr. STEVENSON. Enough to make a good
filibuster.
Mr. COX. I did not ask you to put in here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. It is the fact, never-
theless.
Mr. COX. It is not the fact. Fifteen could
not overcome two thirds by filibustering or
otherwise. When the House was considering
the tariff question generally, during our long
debates, the gentleman knows that whenever
any motion was made for the purpose of cut-
ting down the tariff on the several component
parts of a ship, on iron, copper, hemp, salt,
