1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
or anything that enters into the composition
of a ship, the great body of the Republicans,
under the lead of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] voted against it, and
consequently against the revival of the ship-
building and commercial interests of the coun-
try. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,]
himself, who made so many futile efforts to
"revive shipping," really is responsible for its
present decayed and dead condition. When-
ever an attempt was made to remove the
tariff duties on the materials of a ship, iron
or wood, whether in committee or House, he
and his Republican friends failed to see what
the country now knows, that unless there was
a reduction of the tariff there could be no
revival.
Now, it is well known to every intelligent
man on either side of the House, that unless
you take the tariff off these various articles
that go into the construction of a ship, all your
efforts for the revival of the shipping are futile.
Why? Because you followed the lead of the
iron-mongers. Need I refer to the bills pre-
sented, the amendments offered, and the sig-
nal failures? Yet the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] undertakes to charge that this
side of the House was opposed to the revival
of the shipping interest of the country, and
that, too, when he can find only fifteen men
on this side of the House voting against it.
Moreover, our members in the committee,
especially my colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] as the
record of the committee shows, made every
effort, by resolution and bill, for the revival
of the shipping interest of the country in a
proper way, by taking off the unjust duties,
whose imposition utterly forbids ship-building
in the United States. The Democratic mem-
bers did all in their power in the House as
well as in committee, and will do it again, to
remove the tariff onus on ship-materials.
I know that we have some sporadic cases
of protection in the Democratic party. I do
not stand here to defend any man in our party
who  
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it not well
known on both sides of the House that it was
a Democratic member of the Committee of
Ways and Means who turned the scale and
kept the committee from reporting in favor
of the passage of the bill recommended by
President Grant ?
Mr. COX. Does not the gentleman know
that that report was made in the House by the
committee ; and why did not you with your
two-thirds majority pass the bill? Such gen-
tlemen as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
kikld] are responsible for our present onerous
and unjust tariff. They are such liberal de-
baters for free trade, but they put the knife
into it whenever they have an opportunity to
vote it into practical legislation I
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
admits that what I have said is a true state-
ment of the case. The fact that the committee
was divided upon the President's recommenda-
tion was what embarrassed the whole question
and made it impossible to pass a bill.
Mr. COX. Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to
answer some other things which have been
said.
Mr. COBURN. I would like to answer the
gentleman in reference to the filibustering by
which legislation was defeated.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has not stated
that matter properly. He stated that the
whole body of Democrats in this House voted
ngainst the bill designed to favor free ships.
By such misstatements the gentleman abused
the privilege which I gave him. He knew
well that 1 was the pioneer of the free-ship
movement, and thathis President stole it from
me. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBURN. The two_ gentlemen who
called the yeas and nays daring the last min-
utes of the session were Democrats—Mr.
Brooks, of New York, and Mr. McNeely.
Mr. COX. With your two-thirds majority,
why did you not extend the session? You
always had two thirds to crush us in debate.
You commanded the previous question at all
times. You could generally prevent us from
obtaining the yeas and nays. You had nearly
as much power by your immense preponder-
ance as when you impeached President John-
son. You had everything in your own hands.
You had control of the committees. You had
some smart men in the House at that session.
General Schenck was here then. I presume
some of those smart men still remain. But,
Mr. Speaker, the great body of your two-thirds
majority were determined that they would not
go to the country except under the lead of
pig iron. Pennsylvania "bossed" the job.
Free ships, free iron ships, the privilege to
buy abroad freely, would interfere with the
iron and coal monopoly. Pennsylvania still
controls this tariff and tax legislation. Gen-
tlemen on the other side voted in a body the
other day for the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] although
they knew, for I heard it said all around, that
it was a demogogical resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is that the rea-
son gentlemen on your side voted for it?
Mr. COX. I did not vote for it. The whole
concern was regarded as a humbug, and you
all knew it well and know it now. Senator
Sherman (if I may refer to proceedings in the
other branch without censure) has copied,
almost in Time verba, the resolution I now offer.
Is he in any more earnest? We will see before
we adjourn. You would like to go to the coun-
try on the plea that you are in favor of revenue
reform ana for a revenue tariff, when you have
not the pluck to cut down the salt and coal
duties in the Senate, after you have ostenta-
tiously helped to pass the measure here. The
question is dodged in the Senate, as you sup-
posed it would be. Oh, you are whited sepul-
chers, inside and outside. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. 1 call the gentleman to
order, and ask that his words be taken down.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw the " sepulehers."
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
not be allowed to proceed until his words are
taken down.
Mr. COX. I agree that my words may be
taken down, provided that I am not taken
down. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. That is the purpose of
the point of order. I object to the gentleman
proceeding unless he retracts the obnoxious
words.
Mr. COX. I do most unhesitatingly take
back the word "sepulehers."
Mr. CONGER. I do not ask the gentleman
to take back the word " white."
Mr. COX. I withdraw the word "white,"
too, because that is not the color of your party;
acolored "sepuleher." [Laughter.]
Mr. L. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir.
Mr. L. MYERS. In order that the coun-
try may judge of the sincerity of these Pas-
sions as to tariff and revenue reform, I desire
the gentleman to say whether at the second
session of the Forty-First Congress thirty-four
Democrats did not record their votes against a
reduction of $78,000,000 in the burdens of the
people—$55,000,000 in the form of internal
revenue taxation, and $23,000,000 in the form
of customs duties?
Mr. COX. Now that will do.
Mr. L. MYERS. Answer my question,
did they not record their votes against it?
Mr. COX. Do you not know that has been
put and answered here three or four times?
Mr. L. MYERS. Answeritnow. Ypuare
anxious the country should understand it.
Mr; COX, The answer b[>8 sdreswly
made by the exhaustive speech of my colleague,
[Mr. Brooks,] where he shows you, as already
stated, and as he proved by figures already
quoted, that your reduction on the tariff has
only been $5,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, (in his seat.)
No; five millions of an increase over the year
before.
Mr. COX. Yes; five millions increase. You
ought to read his speech; I have it here.
Mr. KELLEY. Five million dollars of
internal taxes 
Mr. COX. Five millions of revenue from
customs. There is another, if not a better
answer, and that is, that your reduction has
always been made with discriminations in favor
of monopoly, in favor of bankers, of brokers,
corporations. There, sir, is where you cut
down the internal taxes, but when it comes to
taking the taxes off the masses of the people
you are dead failures. [Laughter.]
Let me recall attention to the report of the
Commissioner of Statistics, where we have all
these taxes reduced to an &d valorem, standard.
Mr. L. MYERS. Answer rny question.
Mr. COX. Let me finish my sentence. Let
the gentleman between now and December
read that document. Here are all the articles
of taxation, many hundreds of them. Here
they are! They are all reduced from a specific
and a mixed standard to an ad valorem stand-
ard. They run from thirty-five even up to
five hundred per cent, on various articles.
Mr. KELLEY. Under the existing tariff,
not at all; under the old tariff.
Mr. COX. It is worse under the old tariff
on some articles, and worse on other articles
under the present tariff.
Mr. KELLEY. _ I deny that.
Mr. COX. It is abundantly shown by the
speech of my colleague [Mr. Brooks] the
other day. I could show it again and again
if I had time to read.
Mr. KELLEY. The new tariff did not go
into effect until the 1st of January.
Mr. COX. I did not expect to makea speech.
How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Mr. COX. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois for a moment.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, I only desire
to say this: I have been referred to as having
assisted in defeating the measure for free ship-
ping during the last Congress. I called the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay upon the
table. That motion was made by Mr. Negluv
of Pennsylvania, the leader, as I understood,
of the opponents of free shipping ; and having
always been in favor of free shipping, I de-
manded the yeas and nays to see how many
would put themselves upon the record against
that measure. I voted against laying upon the
table.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I also voted against
it. I did not anticipate this debate ; but I
am glad it has occurred. It is a subject which
should be ventilated.
I recall the attention of the House to the
original resolution and the amendment I pro-
pose to offer. It is designed as a reprobation
of the action of the Secretary of the Treasury
under existinglaws and under the recommend-
ation in his report for paying off $100,000,000
of the public debt per annum. That is what
I wish a vote on. I say this unwise, onerous,
and vicious policy of the Administration has led
to the bad condition of our affairs, public and
private. The country is in a state of chronic
complaint and distress. The remorseless taxes
collected have unnerved the public energies.
If the Republican party desire to peipetuate
its power it will have to reduce the taxes. Do
this, and do it on the motions this side have
often made, and we shall again have our flag
floating in every sea as it did when the Demo-
cratic party had control. It did float, npon
every sea until the Republican party witii its
baleful policy came into power. You have
piled Pelicm up?** Qsia >H the way of ta^es.
