S6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 10,
to have been so grievously broken. But while
I am up I cannot refrain from replying in a
few remarks to the statement made by the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
He tells us that not the official bat the per-
sonal relations between the President and the
Secretary of State on the one side, and the
Senator from Massachusetts on the other side,
are unkindly. Sir, suppose that to be so, is the
action of the American Senate to be governed
and determined by the occasional personal
bickerings which may occur between a mem-
ber of this body and a member of the execu-
tive department of the Government?
Is not this Government divided into three
very distinct branches, each of which has its
separate duties assigned to it? Do we not
move in an independent sphere? Must we,
before assigning any duties to any one of our
number, first ask the President or the Secre-
tary of State, or, for aught I know, any other
Secretary appointed by the President, how he
looks personally upon that choice, whether the
gentleman we select would be pleasant com-
pany for dinner? Is it, indeed, necessary that
they should be in close, amicable, and confi-
dential relations concerning questions simply
appertaining to the intercourse of social life ?
No, sir; what is necessary is that the channels
of official communication be open ; that the
President, or his Secretaries, shall be at liberty
to communicate to the Senate, through the
medium of committees, if not directly, those
propositions which they desire to submit. And
I ask the Senate is not this at the present
moment the case ? Is there the least obstruc-
tion?
It has been said that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has refused to entertain personal
relations of any kind with the President and
the Secretary of State. I pronounce this un-
true. He has not refused to do that. On the
contrary, on a very noted occasion, he has
most emphatically declared that in spite of all
that may have passed between them he was
at any moment ready to regard and receive
the Secretary of State as an old friend, and
to transact with him such official business as
might claim their cooperation. And I am
sorry the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Patterson] is not now in his seat. On an
occasion of some importance he was asked by
the Secretary of State whether he knew how
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations would receive him. The Senator
from New Hampshire put that question form-
ally to the Senator from Massachusetts, and
received the reply that he would receive Mr.
Fish as an old friend, and would be not only
willing but would be glad to discuss such mat-
ters and to transact such business with him as
might happen to be up for consideration.
Sir, is that not all that is necessary ? Is
it indeed required of the chairmen of our
committees that they should fawn upon the
members of the executive department of this
country? Are they not to entertain any feel-
ings of their own even as to their social inter-
course? 3
And now, sir, let me call your attention to
an occurrence which, had you been connected
with it, perhaps might have aroused the sen-
sitiveness of meeker men than you and I
are. Before there was any rumor even of a
disagreement of asocial or personal character
between the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Secretary of State, a dispatch issued from
the State Department with relation to our then
minister in England, Mr. Motley, who was
known to be a friend of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and who in his last dispatch
had alluded -to the fact that possibly his
removal might be owing to the action of the
Senator from Massachusetts upon the question
of the annexation of San Domingo. In that
dispatch, as it issued from the State Depart-
ment, the following sentence occurred :
. **^r. Motley must know, or if ho docs not know
it he stands alone in his ignorance of the fact, that
many Senators opposed the San Domingo treaty
openly, generously, and with as much efficiency as
did the distinguished Senator to whom he refers,"—
meaning the Senator from Massachusetts—
"and have nevertheless continued to enjoy the
undiminished confidence and the friendship of the
President, than whom no man living is more toler-
ant of honest and manly differences of opinion, is
more single or sincere in his desire for the public
welfare, is more disinterested or regardless of what
concerns himself, is more frank and confiding in his
own dealings, is more sensitive to a betrayal of con-
fidence, or would look with more scorn and contempt
upon one who uses the words and the assurances ot
friendship to cover a secret and determined purpose
of hostility."
This sentence, as it was understood by
every one conversant with the case, pointed
at the Senator from Massachusetts, and I must
confess that, however kindly my relations with
the Secretary of State might be, however highly
I esteem him as a gentleman and as a friend,
if m any official document coming from the
State Department such a sentence had oc-
curred pointing to me, I should not have
failed to feel the insnlt; and although I would
not have cut off official communication with
that gentleman, still my sensitiveness might at
least have been strong enough to prevent me
from dining with him.
And now, the Secretary of State and the Pres-
ident, (for the Secretary of State is supposed
to be controlled by the President's approval
in official enunciations,) having uttered a sen-
tence like this, 1 ask you, cau you, as Senators,
require any member of this body who has the
least sense of his own dignity, of the dignity
of an American Senator, that he should bend
his knee and cringe and fawn before those who
may have publicly insulted him? I think not.
I think when such things happen, when such
insults are launched against any member of
this body, it becomes the American Senate to
stand by him, and not to attempt to disgrace
and to degrade him because he shows the sen-
sitiveness of a gentleman. And yet, even after
all this had happened, when the question was
asked of him whether he would confer upon a
matter of public duty with the Secretary of
State, the Senator from Massachusetts declared
that he was not only willing but was happy to
do so, and to receive the Secretary of State as
an old friend.
Mr. SUMNER, (in his seat.) In his own
house.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, I would ask the Sen-
ate whether it is not after all a flimsy pretext
for this proposed degradation—I say degrada-
tion, for, whatever the intent may have been,
such will be the feeling of the country—that
the social relations between an honorable
member of this body and some officer in the
executive department of this Government are
not as friendly as might be desired? Why,
sir, this country has seen similar cases of
disagreement between chairmen of Senate
committees and the President of the United
States before this. At the time when Andrew
Johnson was President, for aught I know, a
majority of this body abstained from all per-
sonal intercourse with that gentleman; and
those who did hold intercourse with him may
have done so mainly because they wanted offices
from him for their friends; and [ know that
the Senator from Massachusetts forthreeyears
was not on speaking terms with the President.
Will anybody pretend that during that time the
business of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions was not dutifully, faithfully, and suc-
cessfully conducted ? Did this breach between
the President and the chairman interfere with
the business of the committee at all? Do we
not all remember what important affairs of
State were then decided by this body? Do we
not know what treaties were then discussed
and acted upon by the Senate after having been
fairly examined and reported upon by the
Committee on Foreign Relations? Do we not
know that the grave question of the presence
of a French army in Mexico was then pending,
a question which might have involved this
country in war, and that that question was
solved while the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations did not exchange a word
with President Andrew Johnson ?
Why, sir, introduce the reason upon which
the Senator from Massachusetts is now to be
removed from the head of the committee as a
general rule, and what will be the consequence?
If there is a chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations who does not exactly suit the
tastes of his Excellency, who is averse to any
pet scheme that may be hatched at the White
House, the President may say " I cannot meet
■that gentleman socially ; I cannot dine with
him; I cannot visit him or cannot be visited
by him, and therefore you Senators will at
once make haste to removehim !" How utterly
preposterous and abjecta notion is this! Does
that comport with the dignity of the Ameri-
can Senate? Sir, when the question comes as
to the Secretary of State, for whom I already
have expressed my personal esteem, or any
other Secretary of the executive department,
and the Secretary declares that he can hold
no official intercourse with the chairman of a
Senate committee, and that one or the other
must yield, then, in the name of this honorable
body,Iwould say,make way for the American
Senate, and not bend your knees before the
Secretary.
But, sir, I apprehend there is something else
at the bottom of the change now proposed
here; for it must appear to every member of
this body, as it certainly will appear to every
fair-minded man in this broad land, that such
flimsy reasons would not have led to a change
in the chairmanship of the Cdfomittee on For-
eign Relations, a change which, as it is pro-
posed, must appear to the people as one of
singular grotesqueness. It is well known that
there have been grave disagreements between
a part of this body and the President of the
United States on the question of the annexa-
tion of San Domingo. That question (I say
it without fear of contradiction) has already
proved a Pandora-box of evils. I may be
permitted to state, without claiming any credit
for it, that I myself one day went to the Presi-
dent and undertook to volunteer to him a word
of advice. It may have been very impertinent,
and certainly the President of the United States
was in no way bound to regard it; but as 1 will
only relate what I said and did, there will be
no breach of confidence in my statement.
When the Senate had closed the first discus-
sion on the question of the annexation of San
Domingo, in executive session, and it had
become clear to every observing mind in this
body that the treaty of annexation could not
pass, I went to the President and said to him
this: " Sir, you undoubtedly believe that you
are right in this business ; I have opposed you ;
I have done so fairly and with candid argu-
ment; I shall continue to do so to the very
last, for I am compelled to do so by my con-
victions. I hope, and in fact I am,confident,
yourtreaty will ultimately fail. Now, sir, since
this disagreement has arisen between you and
many Senators, let us see how it can be com-
posed. It may generally be assumed, when a 
Administration has conceived a pet scheme,
that it will be strongly tempted to use power it
possesses to influence the legislative branch of
the Government in furtherance of that scheme.
You may consider yourself above that tempt-
ation, and for aught I know you may be; but
you may be tempted beyond the ordinary power
to resist, and you will certainly not escapo
suspicion. When this arises the friendly rela-
tions between you and the Senate will certainly
be impaired ; an estrangement is not unlikely
to take place, which may become very detri-
mental to the future prospects of the party to
which we both belong, and, maybe, to the
best interests of the country. Therefore,"
I said, "if I may be bold enough to volunteer
a piece of advice to you, since it has become
evident that the scheme cannot pass at present,
drop it now ; and if you do, the hearts of all
those Senators who have opposed it will warm
