1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sr
toward you with an increased fjjfcling of grati-
tude and they will give a more cordial, determ-
ined, and faithful support to your Adminis-
tration than they ever did before. The success
of your Administration does not depend upon
the success of the San Domingo scheme; but,
if you make it dependent upon the success of
that scheme, Heaven knows where we shall
land."
That, sir, was my voluntary advice to the
President at that time. I repeat, it may have
been very impertinent. It may have been
unwise in the opinion of some. I am sure that
it was well meant, that it proceeded from a heart
devoted to the great interests of this country,
and 1 am inclined to think that at this moment,
there is scarcely a Senator on this floor who
would not wish that sueh advice1 had been
taken.
Well, sir, it was not taken; the scheme was
prosecuted ; debates, at first calm and candid
and dignified, became gradually heated ; impu-
tations were thrown from one side to the other;
the Executive took somewhat extraordinary
steps in recommending this scheme to the favor
of Congress; and, sir, there we are; and I
assert that the prosecution of the San Domingo
scheme is at the bottom of the whole difficulty
which troubles us today. Butforthat I am in-
clined tothink there would be harmony between
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Presi-
dent of the United States. But for that I think
most of those acrimonious feelings which we
have had to regret would never have existed.
But there it is, and we have now to deal with
the consequences.
Nobody will deny that every member of the
United States Senate had a perfect right to
form upon that scheme his own opinion, accord-
ing to the dictates of his conscience ; that it
was not only his privilege, but that it was his
duty to act npon that opinion. He had, fur-
thermore, the right to claim exemption from
ail Executive interference with regard to his
independent action ; and when, in the develop-
ment of things, the President and the Secretary
of State then choose to avail themselves of
public opportunities, like the dispatch men-
tioned, to throw contempt upon an honorable
member of the Senate, then, sir, I think no-
body has to complain if gradually personal
feelings grow out of sueh things, which are
anything but kind.
Under such circumstances, it seems to me
.he Senate has to stand upon its own dignity.
I am always ready to render due respect to
the President of the United States, but 1 think
it is incumbent upon us that first we should
respect ourselves, that while always willing to
receive a kind suggestion from the executive
department in iis appropriate sphere, we can-
not yield to executive dictation in business
that properly belongs to us, without losing that
self respect, and with it the respect and con-
fidence of the people.
Now, sir, there are rumors afloat, and there
is but too much ground to believe them, that
in this change which is proposed now in the
chairmanship of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, the Executive has taken a propelling
part which was rather stronger than in the
better days of this Republic was deemed en-
tirely compatible with the dignity of that office
as with the dignity of the Senate. I will not
go further into this subject than merely stating
that there are such reports, and that there are
a great many who attach credit to them.
And now, the question that presents itself
to us is this: is it our duty, are we in our con-
sciences, are we, as members of the American
Senate, called upon to disgrace any member
of this body, one of our own, one who has
stood high among us and enjoyed the confi-
dence of the country in a rare degree—is it
our duty to take him from a position which
he has filled so long and with so much ability
and honor, when some members of the exec
utive department drop into unpleasant per
sonal relations with him ? Or is it not time at
last that we, American Senators, should main-
tain the dignity and the privileges of our office ?
Is it not time that we should assert our right
to settle our own differences and our own
affairs for ourselves ? Can we afford, with a
question like this before us, to let the question
of small social civilities exercise an influence
npon the great interests of the country?
I repeat, sir, that in my opinion this pretense
of disturbed personal relations is so flimsy a
pretext for making this change, for which, as
is generally admitted, there can be no reason
springing from the joint qualifications—ability,
services, and integrity—it is so flimsy a pre-
text that it fairly vanishes into thin air. I will
not speak of the consequences which acts like
this are likely to have ; but, sir, it is perhaps
time for the Republican party of this country to
consider whether they are quite ready to sac-
rifice their cause to the whims of one single
man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I entirely
concur in the last sentence of my friend from
Missouri. It contains a question that I should
like to have the newspaper men send over the
country. Itiswhetherthe Senate of the United
States and the Republican party are quite ready
to sacrifice their sense of duty to the whims of
one single man, whether he comes from New
England or from Missouri or from Illinois or
anywhere else?
My friend from Missouri has not undertaken,
sir, a new character in this debate. He has
only brought from the West precisely the sen
timents that he entertained out there, so far as
his present speech is a manifestation of them ;
and that seems to be based on the notion that
every ground for action that does not suit him
is a pretext, and that every motive which is
not exactly the motive that suits him is dis-
honest; and therefore he finds himself obliged
to oppose himself to a majority of his fellow-
Republicans in order to keep the party together!
That is the position of my friend from Mis-
souri. The only fault about it is—and that is
a fault which has run through republican gov-
ernment for a good while—that the majority
of a party or of a body is by law and custom
entitled, on questions of expediency, to have
its way instead of the minority. Now, if we
could reverse that rule and only provide that
the majority should surrender its opinions and
its action to the minority, my friend from Mis-
souri would be the most popular man in the
world ; be would have his way all the time.
So much for my friend. Now, Mr. President,
I wish to have the Senate understand and the
country understand, that what he has said is
put upon an entirely mistaken basis as to the
truth of this position. He undertakes to declare
that we are removing and disgracing the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for some cause or
other. That is not true, sir. The rules of the
Senate have carefully provided that every offi
cial station in this body held by a Senator shall
terminate once in two years, and that at the
expiration of two years, no man, however re-
spected, however long his period of service,
shall have any right to any office in this body
whatever. He ceases to hold it by the regular
provisions of the law of this body, its rules,
which 1 hold in my hand.
Therefore, when we are called upon to make
fresh selections of members of a committee,
we are not disgracing or removing or displacing
any pet son if we happen to choose, in the re-
arrangement of committees, to transfer one
person from a place he may have heM before
to some other sphere of usefulness. I hat is
the point. It was in order that Senators should
understand that no man here has a right to
any chairmanship, to any membership of any
committee as his right, that the rule has pro-
vided that once in two years the right of every-
body should terminate, and that a fresh depart
ure should be taken in the selection ol the
agents of this body for the performance of its
business. That is the ground upon which we
stand, to begin with.
Then the question is, in the selection of,
agents, what is fit and convenient for the dis-
charge of our public duties; not, as ray friend,
has truly said, what is fit and convenient to the
wishes of the President of the United States.
They are nothing to us. Certainly, so far as
I know, the President of the United States has
not expressed any wish to me. Perhaps it was
for the reason that my friend from Missouri
would suggest that I disagree with the Presi-
dent about San Domingo. On that my friend
and I would fall in the same category. Per-
haps that is the reason. But, sir, as it is our
duty to do the public business in the best way
we can, it is our duty in performing that public
business to appoint committees who shall be
most useful in making us acquainted with the
subjects upon which we are to act. Can any-
body dispute that?
Then, sir, if that be true, where is the great
fuss that is to be made where a majority of the
Senate, or a majority of some party in it, ac-
cording to the usage of the selection of com-
mittees, have thought fit to select as chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations for this
session some other person than th'e one who
had held it before, and whose right to it had
terminated? As to other committees, that is
done every session and every day without a
fuss being made about it. It has even been
done on this very occasion, to the distaste and
dissatisfaction of gentlemen concerned aside
from this one; and yet no man thinks of assert-
ing that he has a right to a chairmanship he
has held before, or to a place on a committee
he has held before, because he knows that
if he does make that assertion he is asserting
an untruth in the face of the rule which has
terminated his office.
Then, sir, if it is fit for us to select, quietly
and calmly, agents whom we suppose best cal-
culated under all the circumstances to per-
form their duties to us and nobody else, are our
motives to be arraigned by connecting them
with political objects and affairs? Are our
motives to be arraigned by asserting that we
are " bending the pregnant hinges of the knee"
to the Executive of the nation, because we
have thought it desirable that this committee
should be so constituted as that it could be the
medium, in doing its duty to us and to the coun-
try, of confidential communication between
those Departments who in respect to foreign
affairs with us are the government of the coun-
try? That is all there is to it; and I am only
surprised that we should have had this rnorn-
ing, upon a mere matter of business conven-
ience and expediency, which disgraces no man,
which is not intended to disgrace any man, but
merely to carry on m the most convenient way
the business that we are charged with, this
display of opposition to it.
Why, sir, when I hear my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and the Senator from
Missouri [Air. Schurz] making these displays
about a mere matter of ordinary convenience
it reminds me of the nursery story of the chil-
dren who thought the sky was going to fall,
and it turned out in the end that it was only a
rose-leaf that had fallen from a hush to the
ground. Why, sir, this is the smallest of all
possible things, unless it is magnified by report.
A majority of the Senate, or of a party in the
Senate, have thought it convenient that aa
honorable and respected gentleman holding
one place on one committee should be trans-
ferred to another place on another committee
for the purposes of their business; and that is
all there is to it. Of course you can inflate it
into a thing that is to shhke the nation, as my
friend from Missouri with his eloquence does;
but that is all there is to it. I disclaim for one,
and protest against for one, the insinuation of
my friend from Missouri that anybody here has
either been affected by any presidential or other
improper influence, or has been approached by
any such influence, except as the fact has come
to us that it was necessary for the convenience
of the transaction of our own business that we
