1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
for having negotiated the treaty of 1846 with
the Government of Mexico.
Mr. Speaker, I will not weary the House
with further discussion of this question, but
will ask the previous question, first yielding to
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard]
for a few moments.
Mr. WILLARD. I had some occasion to
examine this application during the last ses-
sion of Congress, and it occurred to me then,
as it occurs to me now, that the sum specified
in this bill is much too largo. I am not, of
course, disposed to underrate the services
rendered by Mr. Trist in negotiating the treaty
with Mexico, but it seems to me that the House
should understand the simple facts of the case
before they give a larger salary to Mr. Trist
for a year's services than is now given to the
highest minister who represents our Govern-
ment abroad.
Mr. BANKS. It was the law at that time.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Trist was a clerk in
the State Department when he was sent to
Mexico. He was sent to Mexico as a private
and confidential agent of Mr. Buchanan, the
then Secretary of State. He went out to Mex-
ico in April, and in November the President
peremptorily recalled him from any further
service as agent for the Government in Mex-
ico. Notwithstanding that recall, Mr. Trist,
who was upon the point of negotiating a treaty
at the moment he received the notice of recall,
remained and negotiated the treaty, and re-
turned in the followiug April; so that he was
gone from the country one year only. He re-
ceived the pay of a charg6 d'affaires for the
seven months from April to November. And I
have no doubt that he should properly enough
have been paid by our Government the salary
of a charg6 d'affaires for the remainder of the
year, from November until April.
But it will be noticed that he has already
received nearly nine thousand dollars for
that service. This bill, even as proposed to
be modified by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] gives him some eleven thou-
sand dollars more ; making in all about twenty
thousand dollars fora year's service, counting
the terra of service one year. That is a larger
compensation than we now give our minister
to London, Paris, Berlin, or St. Petersburg.
And, in my judgment, there is no reason why
we should now follow the bad example of a
former Administration, whose President or
Secretary of State, when our Treasury was
full, sought to put a large amount of the public
money into the pocket of some favmed indi-
vidual. If, through the device of a confi-
dential agency, a former Administiation had
paid to some favorite for a year's service the
sum of $20,000, or $40,000, or $100,000, there
is no reason why we should follow the bad
example. When a man comes here, having
at the time received all the pay to which he
was entitled strictly, and asks to be paid an
additional sum for his services, if we give him
anything it will be entirely out of our gener-
osity. If we are to poy him merely for his
services, let us measure the amount to be
given him by the sum we pay others for simi-
lar services.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield further. I do
not wish to trouble the House long with this
subject, and therefore I will not say much
more. Mr. Trist was not merely the confiden-
tial agent of the then Secietary of State. When
lie was sent to Mexico he had a diplomatic
commission of the highest grade that any man
ever received. I know he was the confidential
agent of the State Department, but he also had
a commission than which no man 111 Prance
or England ever received one of a higher char-
acter.
Mr. WILLARD. Was ho commissioned as
a minister extraordinary and envoy plenipo-
tentiary?
Mr. BANKS. He was not; but he was
commissioned with the highest authorily to
pegotiate s, treaty.
Mr. WILLARD. Was his appointment
confirmed by the Senate?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir, it was not; it was
not necessary. His treaty was confirmed and
ratified by the Senate. And let me say that
the two commissioners that were sent out after
he went out received $22,600 each for bringing
back the treaty that Mr. Trist had negotiated ;
and the only American name that that treaty
bears is the name of Nicholas P. Trist.
I now move to amend by striking out all
that authorizes the payment of interest, and
call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the motion pending to
refer this bill to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs when appointed?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. The Committee on Foreign Affairs have
considered this matter at great length.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 72, noes 29 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Holm an were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the amendment
moved by Mr. Banks was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
a third reading, and read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes IS, noes 82; not one fifth in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were
thirty-two ayes.
The SPEAKER. Enough have voted in the
affirmative to order the yeas and nays; and
they will be regarded as ordered if there be
no objection.
No objection being made, the yeas and nays
were accordingly ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 09,
not voting 81; as follows.:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, AvcriU, Banks, Bigby,
Biggs, Auslin Blair, Braxton, George M. Brooks,
Jallies Brooks Buckley, Bullinton, Burdett, Benja-
min E. Butler, Carroll, Cobb, Cotton. Critcher, Crop-
land, Dawes, Box, Duke, Bunnell, Karnes, Edwards,
Elliott, Getz, Halo, Halsey, Hamlley, Hanks, Har-
mcr, G-eorgc E. Harris, Ilawley, J ohn W. Hazleton,
Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kellev, Kendall,
Lamison, Lansing:, Leach, Lowe, MeJtinkin, Mc-
Neely, Merrick, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Isaac 0.
Barker, Pendleton, Perec, Eli Perry. Piatt. Porter,
Rainey, John M. Rico, Ritchie, Rogers, Seclcy,
Sheldon, Slater, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, St.
John, Swann, Tali'e, Turner. Twichcll, Waddell,
Wakeman, Wafdron, Wells, Williams ofNcwYork,
"Wood, and Young—8(1.
KAY'S—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Bright, Burchard, Caldwell,
Campbell, Cobnrn, Conger, Cook, Creely, Donuan,
Eldridge, Ely, Einkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garrett,
Golladay,Griffith, Jolm T. Harris, Havens,Hibbard,
iiolman, Kcir, Killinger, lvmg, Kinsella, Lamport,
Lewis, Marshall, McClclland, McCoriniok, MeHenry,
Melntyre, MoKirmey, Mereur, Morgan, Niblack,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Peek, Poland, Randall, Ed-
ward Yr. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Robert^
Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Shoemaker, Slocum,
Sloss. Stevens. Storm, Strong, Sutherland, Terry,
Washington Townsend, Tyner, Vaughan, Wralden,
WhiUborne. Wiliard. and John T. Wilson— 61).
NOT VOTfXC—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barnum,
Barry, Bell, Bird, J ames G. Blair, Roderick R. Rut-
lei% Ciai kc, Commgo, Cos, Crebs, liar rail, Davis, De
Large, Dickey, DuBose, Duell, Earnsworth, Earweil,
Eorker, Henry I). Foster, Erye, Garfield, Goodrich,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Harper, Hay, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazleton, Ketchaui. Lynch, Manson, Maynard,
McCrary, MeGrew, McKee, Merriam, Benjamin E.
Meyers, Mitchell. Moore, Morey, Morphia, Negley,
Palmer, Hosea \V. Parker, Aaron E. Perry, Peteis,
Potter, Price, Prindlo, Read, Robinson, Roosevelt,,
Rusk, Sawyer, Shcllabarger, Sherwood, Shober, ]I.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton
Specr, Spraguo, Stowed, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsond. Tuthill, Upson, Van Tramp, Voorhees,
Wallace, Walls, Warren, Washburn, Wheeler, White-
ley, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Winchester—81.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN ODTKAGES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes that
the concurrent action of the House and Senate
in ordering a joint select Committee for the
Investigation of the Condition of the late In-
surrectionary States dispenses with the action
of the House in ordering a House committee.
The Chair, considering the action under the
House resolution alone as dispensed with, an-
nounces as the select committee on the part
of the House, Mr. Poland, Mr. Maynarii,
Mr. Scoi'ield, Mr. Cook, Mr. Couurn, Mr.
Stevuxsox, Mr. Buckley, Mr. Lansing, Mr.
Con, Mr. Beck, Mr. Voorhees, Mr. Van
Tnunr, Mr. Waddell, and Mr. Robinson.
mississippi levees.
TheSPEAKER also announced the appoint-
ment of the following-named members as the
select Committee to Investigate the Condition
of the Mississippi Levees: Mr. Morey, Mr.
Kutoham, Mr. McKise, Mr. Getz, and Mr.
Duke.
COMMODORE GliOItGE A. STEVENS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 53) for the restoration of
Commodore George A. Stevens, United States
Navy, to the active from the retired list; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the bill .be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. ARCHER. 1 yield to the gentleman
if he wishes to explain the measure.
Mr. HALE. This matter was examined very
fully in the last Congress, arid by direction of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, on which I
served with the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Arciier,] I reporteda bill similar to this,
which was passed by the House but failed in
the Senate. The circumstances of the ease,
briefly stated, are these : Commodore Stevens
was in command of our vessel of war the Tal-
lapoosa, which was sent in pursuit of the rebel
cruiser, the Tallahassee, which was then depre-
dating along the coast of New England. He
went into Portland to gain information as to
the whereabouts of the rebel cruiser. While
he was there, waiting for information by tele-
graph from points along the coast, the Talla-
hassee escaped, without any fault of Commo-
dore Stevens, he being on the passage to East-
port in pursuit of her and only four-or five
hours behind her.
But, in the disappointment which filled the,
public mind at that time at the escape of the
rebel cruiser, charges were preferred against
Commodore Stevens. Mr, Rice of Boston,
then chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this House, took an interest in the
matter, and Commodore Stevens was placed
upon the retired list. But, as in many cases
of this kind where an official act is done at
the instigation of public clamor, investigation
in this case showed that wrong was done to
Mr. Stevens, and Mr. Rice himself was tho
first man to recede from his position. 1 have
now at my room letters from Mr. Rice to tho
Navy Department, asking that justice may be
done by restoring Mr. Stevens to the active
' He is not an old man ; he is not disabled ;
he is not a man who should go upon this com-
paratively useless list of the Navy. The gen-
tleman from Maryland [Jlr. Archer] knows
that it is irksome to an able-bodied, sound-
minded officer of the Navy or Army to b<3
