THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
should select such agents as could carry oil the
confidential intercourse which must subsist be-
tween this body and the President as to foreign
affairs in a perfectly free and friendly way, not
regarding opinions upon topics, but being able
to get and communicate information in the way
it has always been done.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, this Gov-
ernment is a Government of majorities. The
President of the United States is elected by a
majority of the people of this country. Parties
are also governed by majorities; and when
we, as a party, gather together to decide upon
questions of importance with regard to that
party, in my opinion it is the duty of every
one belonging to the party, when the major-
ity have decided on a particular course, to
submit to that decision. I, with other Sen-
ators perhaps, believed that it wa3 not advis-
able to change the Senator from Massachusetts
from the position that he had occupied upon so
important a committee, a committee of which
he has been the head so long and the duties
of which he has discharged so well. I say I
may not have been of the opinion of tho major-
ity of our friends that it was advisable to trans-
fer him from the head of that committee to the
head of another committee ; but a committee
appointed by the majority of this body, whose
duty it was to select these committees—a very
unpleasant duty to perform—have discharged
that duty to the best of their ability, and have
presented to the Senate a list ot' committees
of this body in accordance with the usual rule,
and have done the best they could under all
the circumstances, in my opinion. In the case
of a business firm, every mei*(ber of that firm
is in duty bound to submit to the majority of
his copartners in business as to the expediency
of adopting a certain course; and the same
rule, in my opinion, should prevail in all polit-
ical bodies and parties.
This may be deemed a matter of importance
to the Senator from Massachusetts, and many
of ug may think that he is best fitted to lill this
position. Others may think it is better for
other causes and to avoid other troubles to
make the change. The majority of the dom-
inant party in this Chamber have decided
that that was the better course to avoid these
troubles by changing the Senator from Massa-
chusetts from the head of this committee to
the head of another ; and it seems to me that
we are in duty bound to sustain the committee
and the majority of our party friends in this
respect. Therefore, I can see 110 good to arise
by delaying this question, no good to arise by
discussing it. That discussion may create
divisions among our party friends. 1 have no
doubt it will be very satisfactory to our oppo-
nents to see this discussion go on and this
division created; but 1 hope the good sense
of our own party friends will lead them to for-
bear the discussion, and proceed to vote upon
this question, and decide it to day.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, if the discus-
sion of this question had been confined en-
tirely to the propriety of the constitution of
the committees 1 should have permitted it to
go on, and have listened to what suggestions
■were made by the older and more experienced
members of the body. But, sir, two remarks
have fallen from the Senator from Missouri
which I feel bound to notice in justice to every
Senator who is present in the Chamber, as well
as in justice to my absent colleague. 1 have
not the report of what the Senator said before
Jne, but so far as I could take them down im-
mediately after they were uttered, those two
remarks amounted to this: in the interview
with the President the Senator from Missouri
informs us that he said to him that in their
zeal to carry a certain measure the Administra-
tion might use means beyond the influences of
propriety to affect legislative action, and that
whether so or not, that suspicion would arise
in the minds of the country. Then, when he
came to discuss the constitution of the Com-
mittee on Foreign .Relations as now composed,
he made a remark in substance to this effect:
that in the chairmanship of the committee
the Executive has taken a propelling power
that would have been considered unworthy the
better days of the Republic.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania permit me to correct, him ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly. I wish to be cor-
rected if I am in error.
Mr. SCHURZ. I made this remark: that
there were rumors afloat and which were
believed by a great many, that the Executive
had taken a propelling part.
Mr. SCOTT. There are rumors afloat that
the Executive has, in the chairmanship of this
committee, taken a propelling power that
would have been unworthy the better days of
the Republic; that was the remark. Now, sir,
taking those two remarks in connection, the
Senator from Missouri stands in the American
Senate saying, first, that he entertained the
idea that the Executive might be led to use
means that were improper for influencing
action in this Chamber, and then follows it by
saying that the rumor now is that the Execu-
tive has used those influences. Did it stop
there, the remark certainly would be serious
enough for an American Senator to make upon
the floor of the Senate. But does he not see
that by making that remark he impliedly
charges every Senator upon this floor who does
not agree with him as to the constitution of
this committee with having been influenced by
those improper means? 1 cannot admire the
spirit which leads a Senator to make a charge
of this kind against one who is absent from
the Chamber and cannot rise to reply for him-
self, and X will not give sufficient countenance
to such a charge to attempt to make a reply
to it.
Mr. SCIiURZ. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator impute
to me that I had said that the Senator from
Pennsylvania not now in his seat [Mr. Came-
ron] was actuated byimproper motives, or had
been operated upon by the Executive? I did
not mean to convey that idea at all. Neither
did I use any expression that might have led
to that impression, I am sure.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I am at a loss to under-
stand what the Senator means by saying that in
the chairmanship of that committee the Exec-
utive has sought to use a propelling power
unworthy of the better days of the Republic.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator desire
me to answer him now?
Mr. SCOTT. 1 very much desire to get the
true meaning of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ. I said simply this; that
there were rumors current that the Executive
had brought to bear influences to bring on this
change; that is all; with no reflection upon
the character of the gentleman who is now
proposed for the chairmanship of the com-
mittee at all; and then I have spoken only
of rumors. I suppose the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will not deny that those rumors exist.
Mr. SCOTT. I never heard them until they
were uttered by the Senator upon the floor this
morning ; and I must say that I would be very
slow to make use of my place in the Senate to
give currency to rumors of that character affect-
ing the President of the United States, espe-
cially when he belongs to the party with which
I profess to act. I do not know what con-
struction the country will put upon the lan-
guage of the Senator from Missouri; but sit-
ting in my place, it struck me that it amounted
to this: that bethought when the discussion
of the San Domingo question in its early stages
was before the country that the President
might be led to use improper means for the
purpose of carrying that end, and that nosv he
comes in and says—I quote his words, for they
are now before me—
"Now, sir, there are rumors afloat, and 1 here is but
too much ground to believe thorn"—
intimating tW he believes them-
that in this effimge which is proposed now in the
chairmanship of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions the JSxecntive has taken a propelling part
which was rather stronger than in the better days
of this Republic was deemed entirely compatible
with the dignity of that office as with the dignity
of the Senate."
As I have already said, I do not propose to
go into any defense of my absent colleague ;
but, sir, I must stand here upon the floor of
the Senate to say that when a charge is made
which carries with it the implication that every
Senator who has taken part or proposes to take
part in producing this change is influenced by
executive dictation, such a charge must be
repelled. I need not say to the Senator from
Blissouri, that so far as that question which he
says is- at tlje bottom of this movement is con-
cerned, he and I have been in accord. I need
not say to him that 1 have said as frankly as he
has done to the Executive that 1 did not believe
inthe policyoftheannexationofSan Domingo;
and I have said so much more recently perhaps
than he has done. If, then, my action was to
be influenced upon this question by any motive
looking to the action of the Senate upon the
annexation of San Domingo, I would say,
above all other men in the nation, give me at
the head of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions the Senator from Massachusetts.
But, sir, that is not the question which is
presented. I repel the idea that my action
upon a question of this character could be in-
fluenced by a single measure which may come
before the Committee on Foreign Relations.
We have to look at all the questions that are
likely to come before it. In constituting the
committees of the Senate we have to look at
the manner of conducting our business, and
how it is best to Vie conducted ; how this man
or that man will best suit for this or that posi-
tion. And now, sir, the broad question which
is presented, after the Senator from Missouri
has made his statement, is this: he states to
the country what has heretofore been perhaps
known to but few, and it would have been in
better taste if it had been confined to those
few, that the personal relations between the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts and the
Secretary of State, with whom he would have
to have official communication, are such that
that communication would have to be in the
most diplomatic and formal manner.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. He is under a mistake.
Mr. SCOTT. I am simply stating what the
Senator from Missouri has said. He has con-
fined it to official communication, so I under-
stand ; I do not wish to misrepresent the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and certainly not the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator had better
inform himself on the facts.
Mr. SCOTT. I certainly do not wish to
misrepresent the Senator from Missouri, and
much less the Senator from Massachusetts, if
I could make a choice in regard to either.
But, sir, enough was said by the Senator from
Missouri to show us that the relations between
them personally are not cordial, are not good.
That being the case, what question is presented
to the Senate? Why, sir, do not confine it to
the question of the intercourse between the
Secretary of State and the head of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, but as a question
of administration, presented to the country in
this form : if there were a Senator in the body
who would not hold personal communication
with the Secretary of the Treasury, another
who would not hold communication with the
Postmaster General, another who would not
hold personal communication with the Secre-
tary ot the Interior, another who would not
hold personal communication with the Secre-
tary of War, another who wonld not hold per-
sonal communication with the Attorney Gen-
eral, and the Senate were to put those men at
the head, respectively, of the Committees on
Foreign Relations, Finance, Post Offices and
