1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U5
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
motion ; and there were—ayes 40, noes 71.
So the House refused to take a recess.
Mr. BURDETT. I now insist on my motion
to put upon its passage the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad bill.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company, organized under
act of Congress of July 27, I860, to make and
issue its bonds in such form and manner, for
such sums, payable at such times, and bearing
such rates of interest, and to dispose of them
on such terms as its directors may deem advis-
able. The bill further provides that to secure
said bonds the said company may mortgage its
road, equipment, lands, franchises, privileges,
and other rights and properties subject to such
terms, conditions, and limitations as its direct-
ors may prescribe. It is further provided that,
as proof and notice of the legal execution and
effectual delivery of any mortgage hereafter
made by said company, it shall be filed and
recorded in the office of the Secretary of the
Interior; provided, that if the company shall
hereafter suffer any breach of the conditions
of the act above referred to, under which it is
organized, the rights of those claiming under
any mortgage made by the company to the
lands granted to it by said act shall extend
only to so much thereof as shall be conlermin-
, ous with or appertaining to that part of said
road which shall have been constructed at the
time of the foreclosure of said mortgage.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr. BURDETT. This road was chartered
by the act of July 27, 1806, and I believe it is
the only road which has been chartered by
Congress whose charter does not contain a
provision, which the charter of every other
road in the United States contains, permitting
a mortgage of its rights. The road has pro-
gressed now just about 'one hundred miles
from the point of its beginning. A very large
amount of money has been expended thus far
, in its construction. It has now reached the
\ point where for nearly three hundred miles it
^pust pass through a Territory in which there is
no land grant. There is no provision, by intend-
ment or otherwise, in this bill which in any
wise increases any right the road had under its
original charter. It is simply a proposition to
put this road upon an equality with every other
existing road chartered by Congress, so as to
enable those who are conducting it to raise
the money necessary to press this great enter-
prise to a successful conclusion, as they are
authorized to do by the act of Congress. I
hope there will be no objection to the bill, and
I ask the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained on a bill of this
importance. I shall insist that the grants
made to this corporation have already ceased,
and I hope the House will not pass the bill
without some consideration.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question ; and there were—ayes 49,
noes 50; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holmas and
Mr. Burdett were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes G8, noes 48.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table ; and on that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands
when appointed.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, the previous question having been sec-
onded on the third reading of the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Holmax's
motion ; and it was decided in the negative—■
yeas 03, nays 104, not voting 03 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Barber,
HKitty, Biggs, Braxton, Bright, liurohard, Caldwell,
Carroll. Coburn, Cox. Crecly, , Crossland, DuBose,
Duke, Ely, Porker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, llandley, Hanks, John T. Harris,
Hibbard, Holman, Kinsella. Lewis, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, Mclntyro, McKinney, McNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblaek,
Packard, Aaron I?. Perry, Randall, Head, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roherts, Shanks, Shober,
Stevens, Stonn, Strong, Swann, Terry, Tyner,
Vaughan, Waddcll, Warren, Whitthorne, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Young—63.
NAYS —Messrs. Arthur, AverUl, Banks, Barry,
Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair. George
M.Brooks, Buckley, Buffmton, Burdett, Cobb, Con-
ger, Cook, Cotton, Critcher, Davis,Dawes, De Large,
Donnan, Dox, Duell, E.unes, Edwards, lildridge,
Elliott, Parnsworth, Harwell, Pinkclnburg, Charles
1'oster, Garfield, Halsey. Ilarmer. George M. Harris.
Havens, Ilawley, Gerry W. Ha'/.leton, JohnAV. Hnzle-
ton, Hereford, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham.Killingcr, King, Lamison, Lowe, May nard,
McCormick, McJunkin, McKee, Slcrcur, Morriam,
Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packer,
Palmer, Isanc C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Pcrco,
Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Itainey, Edward
Y. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer,
Scolicld, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, Slater, H. Boardinan Smith, John A.
Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Spraguo, Stoughton, Sto-
woll, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe, Washington Town-
send, Turner, Twichell, Wakcman, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Walls, Wells, Wheeler, and John T.
Wilson—-104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barnum,
Beck, James G. Blair, James Brooks, Benjamin P.
Butler, Roderick 11. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Co-
mingo, Crebs, Darrall, Dickey, Bunnell, Pryc,
Goodrich, Haldcman, Hale, llamblcton, Harper,
Hay. Hays, Hill, Lamport., Lansing, Loach, Lynch,
MeCrary, McGrew, Mcllenry, Mitchell, Moore,
Morphis, Orr, llosca W. Parker, Peters, Potter,
Price, Prindle, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sherwood,
Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tu '.hi 11, Upson, Van
Trump. Voorhees. Washburn, Whitcley, Williams
of Indiana, Williams of New York, Winchester,
and W00(1—G.j.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
The main question was then ordered ; and
underthc operation thereof the bill was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. BURDETT. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Missouri will allow at least a reasonable time
to consider this bill.
Mr. BUIIDETT. I decline to yield.
Mr. HOLMAN. A bill which involves a
grant of forty-two million acres of land ought
not to pass the House without some discussion
and consideration.
Mr. BURDETT. I must insist upon the
previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 80, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon the passage of the bill.
The question being taken ; upon a division,
there were—ayes 70, noes 39,
Before the result of the vote wasannounced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: As this bill provides
for a grant of forty-two million acres of land,
I call for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays GO, not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Banks. Barber, Barry, Bigby, Aus-
tin lilair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buiiinton,
Burdett, Cobb. Conger, Cook. Cotton, Dawes, Do
Largo, Donnan, Bunnell, Eamos, Edwards, Elliott,
Panvell, Pinkelnburg, Charles Poster, Garlield, ll;il-
sey, Ilarmer, George E. Harris, Havens, Gerry W.
Hazleton, John W.IIazleton, Hoar, Hooper, lCclley,
Kendall, lvilhnger. King, Lamison, Lamport, Lowe,
Maynard, MeJunkin, McKinney, Mereur, Merriam,
Monroe, Leonard Myers, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Eli Perry, Piatt, Po-
land, Rainey, Edward Y. Riee, Ellis II. Roberts,
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sco/ield, Seeley, Sessions,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss. H. Boardman
Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stoughton, Stow-
ell, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe, Washington Town-
send, Turner, Twichell, Wakcman, Walden. Wal-
lace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Williams of
New York—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Bell, Bird, Braxton, Burchard, Caldwell,
Carroll, Cox, Creely, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Du
Bose, Duke, Ely, Porker, Ilemy D. Poster, Garrett,
Gets, Golladay, Griffith, Handled, HanteSi Harper.
John T. Harris, Hawley, Hibbard, IXolman, Kerr,
ICinsclla, Leach, Lewis, Manson, McClelland, Mc-
llenry, Melntyre, McNeely, MerricJc, Benjamin P.
Meyers, Morgan, Niblaek, Packard, Aaron P. Perry.
Porter, Randall, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Snyder, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Storm, Strong, Terry, Tyrier, Waddell, Walls,
Warren, Whitthorne, Willard, and Young—Go.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Averill,
Barniim, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, James G. Blair,
Bright, James Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler. Roder-
ick R. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Coburn, (Jomingo,
Crebs, Darrall, Dickey, Dos,Duell, Eldridge, Parns-
worth, Prye, Goodrich. Haldeman, Hale, llambleton,
Hay, Hays,Hereford, Hill, Ketcham. Lansing.Lynch,
Marshall, McCormick, MeCrary, McGrew, McK.ec,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Negley, Paclcor,
Hosea W. Parker, Peters, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Read, John M. Rice, llobinson, Roosevelt, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slocum, Jolru A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, Swann, Sy-
pher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tutkill, IJpson,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waldron, Wash-
burn, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood.—-73.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. POTTER said : I am paired with Mr.
McCrary, of Iowa, on all questions in re-
gard to which we would differ. As I do not
know how he would vote, if present, I do not
feel at liberty to vote on this bill.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agregi to.
RANCIIO DEL RIO GRANDE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 254) to confirm the title to the
rancho del Rio Grande, in New Mexico, to the
heirs and legal representatives of the original
grantees thereof; which was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims when the same shall be appointed.
Mr. BURDETT. I hope that will not he
done. This is a bill which passed both the
House and the Senate of the last Congress,
after due and thorough investigation and upon
report made, and only failed, with a large num-
ber of other bills, to be signed by the Presi-
dent on account of the shortness of the time,
the undue hour of adjournment, &c. I was
specially requested by the Delegate frorh New
Mexico in the last Congress, Mr. Chaves, to
ask that this bill be put upon its passage when
it was reached. I now observe that request;
and as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] was a member of tho committee of
the last Congress, and knows all about this
matter, I understand, he can explain the mat-
ter to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill "covers a very
large grant of land, a Mexican grant of some
twenty thousand acres, I believe. This House
is responsible for this measure, not the last
House. I hope it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Privale Land Claims. I will now
yield to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] if he desires to make any statement
to the House.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, 1 promised
the former Delegate from New Mexico, Mr.
Chaves, that I would state to the House what
I knew respecting this bill when it came up
for consideration. I was a member of the
Committee on Private Land Claims of the last
House, and the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Swann] and myself are the only mem-
bers of that committee in the present House.
This bill was considered by the committee
of the last session, and was acted upon, and
Mr. J. Proctor Knott, of Kentucky, wasdireeted
to make a report to the House recommending
the passage of the bill. He did make a report
to the House recommending the passage of the
bill, and the House passed the bill. The bill
then went to the Senate, where it was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
When reported from that committee by Mr 
