1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
inhabitants of the town of Arcota, in Hum-
boldt county, California; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that it
shall be lawful for the trustees of the town of
Arcota, in Humboldt county, California, to
enter at the proper land office, and the proper
officers are directed to issue a patent granting
to the town, for the use of the lawful occupants
thereof, the southeast quarter of the southwest
quarter of section twenty-nine, township six
north, of range one east of Humboldt merid-
ian; but this is not to interfere with the rights
of bona fide settlers on the land.
The question was 011 ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
TRANSFER 01? GOODS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (8. No. 29) amending an act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
approved July 14, 1870; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill proposes to amend the thirty-second
section of the said act by adding to the last
clause thereof as follows:
Provided, That in case of difference in width of
jrauges of connecting railroads the goods may be
transferred from one car to another under the per-
sonal supervision of an inspector, and under such
lules and regulations us tho Secretary of tlio Treas-
ury may prescribe.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed. This is an exceedingly important
subject, and the bill ought not to be acted
upon without, very careful consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the subject has
had a careful consideration. But, if it is to
be referred to any committee, it should go to
the Committee of Ways and Means, where the
original bill came from. '
Mr. IIOLMAN. If I remember rightly, the
original bill came from the Committee on Com-
merce. and this very subject, if I am not mis-
taken, was considered before the committee
lor some months. But I do not remember of
any proposition before the committee pro-
posing to go to the extent this bill provides.
I wish to say one word upon the general ques-
tion. That law has just now gone into opera-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman an-
swer me, whether the act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, approved July
11, 1870, came from the Committee on Com-
merce V
Mr. HOLMAN. That act did not.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is an amendment
of that act.
Mr. HOLMAN. This amendment came
from the Committee on Commerce. The prin-
ciple of this bill affects the act providing for
the inland ports of entry. There is some eon-
fusion growing- out of that title, but the bill
itself, providing for the inland ports of entry,
came from the Committee on Commerce, and
this is intended to affect that act and to pro-
vide for the transfer of goods shipped from
one railroad to another. That law, as I was
about to remark, has just gone into operation,
and these inland ports of entry have just been
established. It is certainly desirable to wait
awhile to see how that law is going to operate
before we begin to amend it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. IIOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. If I understand the
bill—I have not seen it before—its effect will
be about this: under the law which we passed
last year merchandise imported into these in-
terior ports of entry could only be transported
on roads of uniform gauge; that is, they can
be transported over such roads as have a uni-
form gauge, for instance, from New York to
Cincinnati or Chicago or Sf. Louis. But if
there is a difference in the gauge there must
be a break of bulk, as it is called, and then
the merchandise cannot be transported under
that act, and the privileges and benefits of the
act cannot be enjoyed by citizens who trans-
port over such roads. Now, if I understand
the effect of this bill, it provides that goods
maybe transported overroads even when there
is a break of gauge, provided it shall bo done
under the personal supervision of some Treas-
ury agent. If that is the only effect of the law,
I think it is a good changc and one which ought
to be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. I^inkelnburg] considered this
question? One of the main objections to the
passage of the act was the facilities it offered
for frauds in making transportation inland.
Has the gentleman considered whether the
door for fraud would not be wider under this
provision than under the law as it now stands?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not think so.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, a shipment of goods
from New York to Cincinnati goes in bulk
from the one port to the other, and the cus-
tom-house officers at both ports have them
under their supervision, so that the chance of
fraud is remote. But if there is allowed, say
at Cincinnati, a change in bulk of the goods,
it might be that the revenue would suffer
serious detriment. Has the gentleman con-
sidcrcd tiliQit'''
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Allow me to sug-
gest also that this thing is now done for the
benefit of citizens of Canada. They can im-
port even where there is a break of gauge
without paying the duties at the original port
of entry. It is done under the supervision of
some Government agents. I do not see why
we cannot trust to our own citizens and our
own Government employ6s what we allow
people to do in a foreign country under the
supervision of their Government employes.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 should like to ask one
further question; and it is, whether the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has recommended this
change in the law ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not know. I
did not know there was such a bill until it was
read just now.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Indiana will allow me to call his attention to
the thirty-second section of the act passed last
summer. It is in these words:
" Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That merchan-
dise transported under .the provisions of this act
shall bo conveyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles, se-
curciy fastened with locks or seals, under the exclu-
sive control of the officers of customs; and inspectors
bhall bo stationed at proper poinLs along the desig-
nated routes, or upon any car. vessel, vehicle, or
train, at the discretion of the said {Secretary, and at
the expense oltlio said companies respectively."
Now here is the point to which I ask atten-
tion : •
"And such merchandise shall not be unladen or
transhipped between tho port.-: of first arrival and
linnl destination."
Now, this bill proposes to provide that where
there is a break of gauge goods and merchan-
dise may, under the supervision of an inspect-
or, be transferred from one car to another.
That is all. It is found to be necessary owing
to the condition of our railroads, and the bill
ought to pass.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It is for the benefit
of the constituents of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is for the benefit of
the inland importers who enter their goods at
the several points mentioned in section thirty-
five of the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. The only trouble about it
from the beginning was from the confusion
that the gentleman from Tennessee had in his
own mind as to where this bill came from.
I was aware that it came from the Committee
on Commerce and that the subject had been
before the committee, and that the purpose of
the original bill in allowing no break of bulk
between the two ports of shipment was to pre-
vent fraud. Now, if the Secretary of the
Treasury himself should recommend the pas-
sage of such a law as this I should not hesitate
to vote in favor of it. I wish to say a word
further. It is not for the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnbukg] to say to
me or any other gentleman that this bill oper-
ates favorably to the interests of our own con-
stituents. I am well aware of that.
My constituents demanded inland ports of
entry. Such a bill was passed, and it was
deemed an important measure beneficial to
the inland sections of the country. But the
question is, whether in allowing this break of
bulk between the ports of entry, for instance
between New York and Chicago, orNew York
and St. Louis, allowing the break of bulk where
there is a break in the railroad communica-
tions, you do not necessarily open more or less
the door for fraud. That is the question, and
the only question, and it is very clear that if
this thing can be safely done it ought to be
done. It is beneficial to all the points where
ports of entry were established to which ship-
ments are to be made from New York or any
other sea-board port of entry. It is a very im-
portant measure, but one at the same time that
ought to be carefully considered, for frauds
may develop themselves at once.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill proposes to
amend the text of section thirty-two of the
law of last summer which I have read by add-
ing to it a proviso in these words:
Provided, That in case of difference in the width
of gauge in connecting the railroads goods may be
immediately transferred from ono ear to another
under the personal supervision of an inspector, and
under such rules and regulations as tho Secretary
of tho Treasury may prescribe.
Mr. CONGER. When the hill providing
for interior ports of entry was prepared by the
Committee on Commerce it passed this House
as recommended by that committee, but in the
Senate it was appended to another bill; so that
it did originate with the Committee on Com-
merce, as the gentleman says. Now, Mr.
Speaker, this bill is necessary in order to make
effective the interior ports of entry bill. Goods
shipped at Portland or New York, or Boston,
for any of the western States, naturally pass
through Canada; it is the shortest route; and
in passing into Canada they pass upon roads
of a broader gauge than the gauge of the roads
in tho United States, with the exception of
tho Grand Trunk railroad from Portland to
Canada.
Mr. TWICHELL. The gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken. The cars now run through
on a uniform gauge by the different routes
through Canada.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman may have
been on the roads more than I have ; but I
know that the gauge of the Canada roads is
broader than the gauge of our roads.
Mr. TWICHELL. But the gentleman ought
to know that they have three rails for two dif-
ferent, gauge's.
Mr. CONGER. I know that they have not.
They have three rails for a short distance, I
know ; but the Grand Trunk road, which is the
longest road, lias but two rails.
Mr. TWICHELL. Cars pass from Boston
to the West over the Grand Trunk road.
Mr. CONGER. I know that tbey have cars
with convertible gauge wheels; the wheels
change in distance from each other according
to the width of the railroad gauge. That
arrangement is applied to a few cars.
In order to avail ourselves of the benefits
of the law for interior ports of entry this change
is necessary. As has been said, this change
of freight from one car to another takes place
in Canada at every place where these roads
come together; and I cannot see any reason
why it cannot be done on our railroads.
Mr. TWICHELL. I do not object to the
passage of this bill. I only wanted to correct
the gentleman in his error about thePanadiarj
roads.
