1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of mail contractors.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
load, considered, and agreed to:
licsoloed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, reauested to inform this House
whether thero is any appropriation outof which the
mail contractors maybe paid for carrying the United
States mails in the late insurgent, States prior to
May 31,1861; and if not, whother he has mado any
recommendation to Congress for such an appropria-
tion.
taxes refunded on spirits.
Mr. NIBLACK. I also ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Jicsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, requested to report to this House, at
as early a day as practicable, a list of all persons,
with their places of residence, to whom moneys have
been refunded during the year 1870, for taxes levied
on distilled spirits, together with the several amounts
so refunded, and the reasons for so refunding in
each case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must object
to that.
mrs. mollis l. roberts.
Mr. HOLMAiST, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. 11. No. 430) granting a
pension to Mrs. MollieL. Roberts; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed.
Mr. BURCHARD. 1 call for the regular
order.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess until half past ten to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess until Wednesday at
half past ten o'clock a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House (at
ten o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., Wednes-
day, April 10) resumed its session.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagre^ingvotes
of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No.
820) to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had disagreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. it. No.
10) nmking appropriations for the payment of
additional clerks and messengers in the Pen-
sion Office, and for other purposes; that it
further insisted on its amendments to the said
bill disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives, and insisted upon its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate thereto ; and that it asked
a further conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Cole, Mr. Coxkling, and Mr. Scott as
managers of such conference on the part of
the Senate.
deficiency lilLL.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House accede
to the request of the Senate and grant a new
conference on the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced as conferees
on the part of the House Mr. Dawes of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Cook of Illinois, and Mr.
Niblack of Indiana.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I rise for the pur-
pose of making a privileged report. I present
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
House bill No. 320.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on
their disagreeing votes upon the bill of the House
entitled (II. It. No. 320) "An act to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, and for other purposes,"
respectfully report that, having mot, after full and
free conference thereon thoy do recommend that—
FirH, the House of Representatives recede from
its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate
numbered 3, on the second page and twentieth line
thereof, and agree to the same with the modification
following, to wit: strike out all said Senate amend-
ment in that line, andinsert the same after the word
*' office,5* in line twenty-one oftho same page, in the
words following: "or to injure his person while en-
gaged in the lawful discharge of the duties of his
oflice, or to injure his property so as to molest, inter-
rupt, hinder, or impede him in the discharge of his
official duty;" and thattheSenateagreetothesame.
Sccond, that the House of Representatives recede
from its disagreement to the eighteenth amendment
of the Senate, being on page 7 of said bill, and agree
to the same.
Third, that the House of Representatives recede
from its disagreement to the twentieth amendment
of the Senate to said bill, being on ?)age 8 thereof,
and agree to the same, modified as follows, to wit:
in lieu of the amendment of the Senate as stated,
insert after the word " the," in line one of page 8,
these words: "first scction of the;" and that tho
Senate agree to the same.
fourth, that tho two Houses agree to a substitute
for the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, as
tollows:
That if any liouso, tenement, cabin, shop, build-
ing, barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or felon-
iously demolished, pulled down, burned, or de-
stroyed, wholly or in part, by any persons riotously
and tumultously assembled together; orif any per-
son shall unlawfully and with force and violence be
whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed by any per-
sons riotously and tumultuously assembled together,
with intent to deprive any person of any right con-
ferred upon him by tho Constitution and laws of the
United States, or to deter him or punish him for
exercising such light, or by reason of his race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, in every such
case tho county, city, or parish m which any of tho
said offenses shall be committod shall be liable to
pay full compensation to tho person or personsdam-
nified by such offense, if living, or to his widow or
legal representative if dead; andsueh compensation
may bo recovered in an action on tho case by such
person or his representative in any court of tho Uni-
ted Htates of competent jurisdiction in the district
in which the offense was committed, such action to
be in the name of the person injured, or his legal
representative, and against said eounty, city, or
parish, and in which action any of the parties com-
mitting such acts may be joined as defendants. And
any payment of any judgment, or part thereof un-
satisfied, recovered by the plaintiff in such action,
may, if not satisfied by tho individual defendant
therein within two months next after the recovery
of such judgment upon execution duly issued against
such individual defendant in such judgment, and
returned unsatisfied,in wholoorin part, be enloreed
against such county, city, or parish, by execution,
attachment, mandamus, garnishment, or any other
pioceeding in aid of execution or applicable to the
enforcement of judgments against municipal cor-
porations; and such judgment shall be a lien as well
upon all moneys in the treasury of such county, city,
or parish, as upon tho other property thereof. And
tho couit in any such action may on motion cause
additional parties to be made therein prior to issue
joined, to tho end that justice may bo done. And
the said county, city, or parish may recover theiull
amount of such judgment, by it paid, with costs and
interest, from any person or persons engaged as
principal or accessory in such not, in an action in
any court of competent jurisdiction. And such
county, city, or parish, so paying, shall also be sub-
rogated to all the plaintiffs rights under such judg-
ment.
And that the same stand as section six of the said
bill, and that section six stand as section five, and
that scction five be transferred to the end of the bill
as section seven.
S.SIIJ3LLATURGFR,
a. w. scoriELD,
Managers on the part oj the Howe.
GKORGE F. EDMUNDS,
JOHN SHERMAN.
Managers on the pan of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I request that the Speaker
will order the roll lo be called in order to ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum present. Prob-
ably while the roll is being called a quorum
will come in. This is a very important bill,
and X think we should not commence action
on it with so small a number of members
present.
Mr. WOOD. I suppose the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shel-labakgeii] intends to present
the views of the majority of the conference
committee, and while he is doing so it is prob-
able that a quorum will arrive. |j
Mr. SCOFIELD. But the very reason why
I make the request is that I want gentlemen
to hear his explanation of what the committee
of conference have done. It is of no use for
the gentleman from Ohio to make his explan-
ation and then have gentlemen come in after-
ward to act upon the report, without having
heard the reasons for it.
Mr. RANDALL. Properly we have no right
lo proceed with business, for it is very mani-
fest that there is not a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not
allow any contested business whatever to be
done without the presence of a quorum.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the Chair will cause
the roll to be called, the House by the time
that is done will probably be full.
The SPEAKER. The only objection to that
is that it puts down gentlemen as absentees who
are not really absent. The roll-call is a matter
of record.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I will move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. WOOD. That is quite unnecessary until
it is ascertained in an official manner that there
is no quorum present.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very well; then I will
withdraw the motion and yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hazleton,] who
has a request to make to the House.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaira
when appointed bo instructed to consider and report
what additional legislation is necessary to equalise
soldiers' bounty, and also to investigate and report
tho additional expense per annum to the Govern-
ment by adding twenty-live per cent, to the pen-
sions of such persons now 011 the pension-roils "Who
are totally disabled. •
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report of smithsonian institution.
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following res-
olution :
It evolved by t7ie House of 12e2)re8entativeD, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That twelve thousand five hundred
additional copics of the report of tho Smithsonian
Institution for the year 1870 be printed; twenty-five
hundred for tho use of tho Senate, five thousand
tor the use of the House, and live thousand lor tho
use of the Institution: J-'iovided, That the aggregate
number of pages of said report shali not exceed four
hundred and fifty, and that thero shall be no illus-
trations except those furnished, by tho Smithsonian
Institution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that the usual
apportionment between the House and the
Senate ?
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS. The number for
tho House is one thousand larger than it was
last year, and for the Senate the same.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are not one
third as many Senators as there are members
of the House.
Mr. POLAND. We always give them more.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no reason
for that.
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS. I movethe pre-
vious question on agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter morion was agreed to.
TOLEDO A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, presented
resolutions of the Board of Trade of Toledo,
Ohio, asking that Toledo be made a port of
entry; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce when appointed.
