1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48
has had during the last ten years great ques-
, tions of peace and of war, of liberty and jus-
tice. The grandest questions that any people
were ever called upon to consider have been
imposed upon it by the needs of the nation.
It has not yet completed this grand work.
I believe in the importance of maintaining
unity in our councils by conducting our affairs
so as to deserve and receive the approbation
and support of the American people.
This San Domingo question came to us a
new question. I thought it a small affair then,
and X think it a small aft'air now. When I have
seen our friends divided, and have listened to
angry words over it, I have wished that it could
be put from us. I have feared that it was to
be to us what Lecompton was in 1858 to the
then existing Administration. Sir, we have
reached a point we reached then. There was
then the great, powerful, organized, aggressive,
and dominant slave interest. The Administra-
tion was subjugated, and- became its instru-
ment, its willing tool. Stephen A. Douglas
then stepped forth in opposition to the con-
summation of the Lecompton crime against
Kansas. Sir, we saw him on this floor, at the
bidding of the Administration, in obedience to
the demands of the slave-holding leaders and
the gigantic, all-conquering slave-power, put
down, disrated from his committee. We saw
seeds then sown that blossomed and bore bitter
fruits at Charleston in 1860.
Now we propose to try asimilar experiment.
I hope and trust in God that we shall not wit-
ness similar results. But, sir, I love justice
and fair play, and I think I know enough of
the American people to know that nineteen
twentieths, ay, ninety-nine hundredths of the
men who elected this Administration in 1808,
will disapprove this act. There is not in my
State a hundred men who will not receive this
news with surprise, who will not feel aggrieved
and indignant when they see their eminent Sen-
ator stricken down in this body, with his public
record of twenty years, because there is a dis-
pute whetl^gr he answered a question put to him
by the Secretary of Statel Was there ever such
a farce played before the American people
belore!
1 say to my political friends, I do not belong
to this party of discipline. You cannot dis-
cipline the Republican party. You may try
it if you please, gentlemen. The Republican
party came into being against discipline, against
all sorts of overriding and crushing influences.
It was itself a protest against party discipline
and party domination. It was a pledge of
personal independence, of free thought, and
of manhood. We are living in an age of inde-
pendent journals. Nearly all the great lead-
ing organs that represent our ideas and sup-
port our policy claim to be and are independ-
ent journals. They criticise their political
friends, and sometimes more sharply than they
do their political enemies. We are living in a
time when men think lor themselves, a time
of individuality, when party ties are easily
sundered. The great body of the Republican
party of the country, the men that brought this
Administration into power, who carry it on
their broad shoulders, and must uphold it if
it is upheld at all, and will bear the Republican
flag to victory two years hence if it is borne to
victory, are the independent, free-thinking
men, men who have some personal independ-
ence, some dignity, and some manhood.
We hear something about disciplining men.
We have a class of politicians who have an
idea that if they can show the scalps of their
political friends they are mighty war chiefs,
i thank God 1 live in a State where we do our
,wn thinking, do not take dictation from any
quarter, speak our own thoughts, act as we
please, divide about local issues as we have
a right to do, criticise each other freely, act
like independent men. This we do, but when
you want seventy-five thousand majority for
Republican ideas and principles and policies
and a Republican candidate lor President, we
give it to you. There are certain gentlemen
whose only trophies are the scalps of their
political friends, and who contrive somehow
by their discipline to discipline their party out
of power. ■ Better allow freedom of thought,
word, and act, and hold large masses of inde-
pendent men to your standard.' My advice to
that class of politicians is to give up the idea
of party discipline and lay down principles
and ideas and policies, to appeal to the man-
hood and the nobler sentiments of the people.
Sir, this disciplining process is to begin here
in the Senate. My colleague is to be dis-
ciplined. Why? Because he did not answer
a question put to him by the Secretary of
State t That is the assertion. I do not know
whether it is true or not. I have great respect
for the Secretary of State. I have not only
respect, but affection for my colleague. But,
gir, whether true or not, I do not believe the
Senate has any business with it. We do not
make committees to please Secretaries of State
or Presidents. When Douglas in 1858, before
the nation, was disrated and dishonored, when
the mandates of the White House and of the
slave power struck him down, the men who did
it paid dearly for it. I warn our friends here
to day that they may pay too dearly for this
kind of discipline.
Sir, I say to Senators that we had better put
this matter over and think of it over night.
Let me say to my Republican friends: you have
just as much as you can do to bear the banners
of your party to victory, without putting any
discipline on your old and trusted leaders,
whom the people love; you have all your
forces to the front; you have no reserves, no
force in the rear that you can organize to carry
you through the wilderness; you have all your
forces to the front to-day, and they have quite
as much as they can do to carry your banners
to victory. Before you attempt this plan of
disciplining Senators, of putting men down for
this thing, that, or the other, my advice to you
is to close up your ranks, rectify your mis-
takes, and stand unitedly before the country.
Remember that " victory clings to unity."
An honorable Senator has handed me a
Journal of the Senate of more than thirty-five
years ago. By a reference to the Journal I
find that Mr. Clay was put at the head of the
Committee on Foreign Relations although it
was well known what his personal relations
with the President were. General Jackson
was President, and Henry Clay was put at the
head of the Committee on "Foreign Relations
of the Senate. He held no communications,
certainly not of a personal nature, with the
President. They had been estranged for years.
Sir, why should the Senate of the United
States to-day undertake to strike down a Sen-
ator who has been twenty years in this body ;
a Senator who has .stood for ten years at the
head of the Committee on Foreign Relations ;
a Senator who, you all admit, understands by
his education, his foreign travel, the studies of
his life, and his ripe experience here, our for-
eign affairs belter than any other member of
either House of Congress ? Why is this Sen-
ator disrated before the country? Because he
held certain views on San Domingo ; because
he opposed its acquisition; because with all
the earnestness oij, his soul he opposed it;
because he had a difference with the President
and the Secretary of State. Sir, a Senator
has the right to differ with the President and
Secretary of State, as well as with any other
public officers. Senators are nobody's ser-
vants.
I go as far as any man living in supporting
the President, the Secretary of State, the Ad-
ministration of our choice, in all that is honor-
able and manly and just; but I protest against
this proceeding here to day. I protest against
it in the name of the Republican party, that
lias carried us through the awful trials of
biood and sorrow that we have been com-
pelled to wade through in the last ten years.
If this deed is consummated it will come back
to plague us some time and somewhere. - Acts
of injustice toward trusted public men. have
never brought strength or honor. I protest
against this act, and I stand here to plead with
you, air, and with my political friends. I pray
them to pause before they consummate this
work. Let us maintain the rights and the
dignity in this body, and not strike down an
old, trusted Senator. Sir, 1 hope this question
will not be decided to day; I hope we shall
sleep on it, come to wiser and more just con-
clusions, and maintain the rights and the dig-
nity and the honor of the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask tie Senator from Ne-
vada to yield now until I can make the report
of which I gave notice. The Senator .from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is now in the Cham-
ber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks unanimous con-
sent to make a report; No objection being
made, Unreport will be received.
condition of xiie soutii,
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the select
committee appointed to investigate alleged
outrages in the southern States to submit a
report, accompanied by the testimony taken,
relating thus far to the State of North Carolina.
I move that it be laid upou the table and
printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the report,
with the accompanying papers, be laid on the
table and printed. That order will be made,
if there be no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. Before that motion is enter-
tained 1 desire, on behalf of the minority of
that committee, to submit our views in respect
to the same matter, and I prefer saying that this
action of the committee has been one of great
surprise to the minority. The investigation
proposed was very widespread in its character,
and yet has been suddenly brought to a close
by reference alone to the state of affairs in
North Carolina; and not only that, but the
testimony respecting the affairs of that State
has only been very partially examined. Wit-
nesses here, summoned to rebut part of the
charges made against the people of that State
fora want of proper respect to the lawn of their
cou ntry and of their State, have not been exam-
ined. Yet, nevertheless, as we are compelled
to abide by the action of the majority of this
committee, and although their own decision
was reached with but little notification to the
minority, within the space of twenty-four houra
the views of the minority have been put in a
written form, and we propose that they shall
accompany the document which has been pre-
sented to the Senate by the majority of the
committee.
I do not know whether the report of the
majority has been read to the Senate or not.
I was not here at the time it was presented.
It was the intention of the minorityat the time
that their views were presented to the Senate
to have them read. If there be no time for
that, or no disposition on the part of the Sen-
ate to hear them—the document is somewhat
long—I shall content myself with moving that
they be printed along with the rest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The views
of the minority, as the Chair understands, are
also presented, and the order to print will be
made, unless objection be made.
Mr. SCOTT. Before the order is made I
wish to say one word. There is certainly no
objection on the part of the majority that the
views of the minority shall be submitted and
printed also. I desire, however, to say, in
answer to what has been stated by the Senator
from Delaware, that it will be remembered a
resolution was passed continuing this commit-
tee during the first session of the Borty-Second
Congress. Upon Saturday last the House of
Representatives passed a resolution fixing
