750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
annexation of foreign territories.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a concurrent resolution, relating
to the annexation of foreign territories to the
United States, and that its further considera-
tion be postponed until the second Wednesday
in December next, and made the special order
for that day after the morning hour.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved by the IIou.se of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That with a view to remove all
eaupcs which may tend to disturb our relations of
peace with the peoples who inhabit other parts of
the continent of North America and with European
Powers, and to promote a common fraternity and
prosperity, the President be requested to cause nego-
tiations to beopenedwith Great Britain andMexico
to ascertain on what conditions those Governments
will consent, respectively, to the annexation of their
possessions on the continent to the United States of
America.
Mr. WILLARD. I object.
soldiers' bounty.
Mr. HOLM AN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. 11. No. 431) to carry into
effect the decisions of the Supreme Court rela-
tive to bounty to soldiers enlisted between the
8d day of May to the 22d of July, 1861; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs when
appointed, and ordered to be printed.
kxoxviltk, tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for action at this time a bill, which
I was instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to report during the last Congress, to
reestablish Knoxville, Tennessee, a port of
delivery.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to repeal the act approved July 11,18G2,
entitled "An act to abolish certain ports of
delivery in the'Mississippi valley," so far only
as the same relates to Knoxville, in the State
of Tennessee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to have the
gentleman explain that bill before we are asked
to vote upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will explain it to the
gentleman as I explained it in the presence of
the House at the last session of Congress. The
portion of the law creating ports of delivery
which was applicable to the city of Knoxville
was repealed during the war. Now, Knox-
ville being the center of business for a very
large region of the surrounding country, to
which the people resort for trade, it is import-
ant that it should be reestablished as a port
of delivery. The Committee of Ways and
Means of the last House, being acquainted with
all the facts, unanimously directed this bill to
be reported.
Mr. WOOD. For the purpose of reaching
the regular order of business, I will object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thenl will ask leave to
introduce the bill for printing and reference to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 432) was introduced, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
when appointed.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider all
votes of reference this morning; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr Butler J if I
have the power to yield to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] calls tor the regular order
of business.
Mr. WOOD. I think we had better proceed
with the regular order, so as to dispose of that
bill. I will ask what thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts desires to present?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to present a personal explanation.
Mr. WOOD. Kentucky, I believe, objects;
she can speak for herself.
Mr. McHENRY. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that
course is to be taken, then it is an end of per-
sonal explanations in this House.
Mr. McHENRY. Objection was made yes-
terday; and, on behalf of my delegation, I now
object to the gentleman from Massachusetts
making a personal explanation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Massachu-
setts seems to be the staple of abuse on the
other side of the House. I suppose an arrow
from my quiver must have hit Kentucky, as she
alone objects to my making a personal explan-
ation.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. SHELLAB ARGER. I have presented
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes.
If members will refer to the last Senate print
of the bill, they will have the best means
within our reach of understanding the subject
under consideration.
The first matter of difference between the
two Houses is found on page 2, in lines
seventeen and eighteen of section two of the
bill. And I will state the effect of the report
of the committee of conference upon that
point of difference. The Senate had amended
the House bill by inserting in line seventeen
of section two of the printed bill the words
"or while engaged in the.." The effect of
that amendment was, as will be noticed, to
provide that "if two or more persons within
any State or Territory of the United States
shall conspire together " "to induce any officer
of the United States to leave any State, district,
or place where his duties as such officer might
lawfully be performed, or to injure him in his
person or property on account of, or while
engaged in, the lawful discharge of the duties
of his office," that should be an offense against
the laws of the United States.
To that the objection made was that an at-
tack upon the property of an officer of the
United States, however remote that property
might be from the sphere of the duties of the
officer, was to be an offense against the laws
of the United States. It was objected that
that should not be so provided; that there
was no divinity that hedged around an officer
or his property in such a way as that it could
not be injured, unless the injury in some way
prcjudiccd him in the exercise of official duties.
That was the point of difference between the
two Houses.
That is avoided by what lias been agreed to
by the committee of conference, wholly avoided
as I understand. The report leaves out the
words inserted by the Senate, and inserts after
the word "office," in the eighteenth line of
the printed bill, the words which I will read:
"or to injure his person while engaged in the
lawful discharge of the duties of his office, or
to injure his property so as to molest, inter-
rupt, hinder, or impede him in the discharge
of his official duty." If the section shall be
so amended it will then provide, "that if two or
more persons" "shall conspire together " "to
injure him [an officer of the United States] in
his person or property on account of his law-
ful discharge of the duties of his office, or to
injure his person while engaged in the lawful
discharge of the duties of his office, or to injure
his property so as to molest, interrupt, hinder,
or impede him in the discharge of his official
duty," it shall be an offense against the laws
of the United States. I apprehend that no
objection will be made in this House, as none
was made in the Senate, to that portion of the
report of the committee of conference!
The next point of difference between the two
Houses was the amendment of the Senate at
the end of section four of the bill. In the pro-
vision relative to the time when this act should
cease to be in operation, the Senate amended
by striking out the words " the 1st day of June,
A. D. 1872," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " the end of the next regular session
of Congress." The committee of conference
assented to this amendment in the form in
which the Senate had made it, there being, as
was believed, not much difference between the
two provisions. The 1st of June, 1872, will
no doubt be substantially the time of the close
of the next session of Congress.
The next amendment is in section six, line
thirteen, of the printed bill. As agreed to by
the committee of conference, the Senate amend-
ment is changed by inserting after the word
" the," where it occurs in brackets in line thir-
teen, these words, "the first section of;" so
that the repeal of the act in regard to the jurors'
test-oath will be confined to the first section of
that act, instead of repealing the entire act, as
the House bill provided.
The effect of this amendment will be seen by
turning to the jury-oath law, which the House
bill proposed to repeal and which the Senate
amendment would wholly preserve. In that
law there are but three sections. The first
section (I will state its purport without read-
ing it) gives to parties in any case in the
courts of the United States the right of a per-
emptory challenge for the grounds set fortli
in that section, those grounds being, in short,
that the person challenged has been engaged
in some one of the disloyal practices named
in the section. Any one of these furnishes
good ground for peremptory exclusion from
the jury-box, the right of exclusion being
placed by the section in the hands of the party
to the suit; so that .under that section any
party to a suit may work the exclusion of a
juror by asserting his right of challenge. The
conference report proposes to repeal that sec-
tion entirely, so that the right of challenge
exercised in that way will be abolished. If
the conference report be adopted, a party to a
suit cannot of his own motion exclude any-
body from a jury for any of the causes enumer-
ated in the act.
The second section, however, we propose to
leave unrepealed. What is the effect of that
section? It provides—
That at every term of any court of the United
States the district attorney, or other person acting
in behalf of the United States in the court, may
move and the court in their discretion—
I call attention to this provision. First, the
prosecutor may move, and, secondly, the court
in their discretion—
may require the clerk to tender to each and every
person who may be summoned to servo as a Brand or
petit juror the following oath or affirmation.
Then follows the form of an oath declaring
that the person has not engaged in any of the
disloyal practices enumerated, which are sub-
stantially the same aS those specified in the
first section. In other words, if, in the first
place, the prosecutor moves, and, secondly, if
the court in its discretion sustains his motion,
then, and then only, can this oath be tend-
ered to a juror for the purpose of his exclu-
sion. Then at the end of the section it is
provided that any person or persons declining
to take the oatli shall be discharged from ser-
vice on the grand or petit jury to which he
may have been summoned. The third section
simply declares that the taking of that oath
falsely shall be perjury.
It will thus be perceived that the effect of the
amendment is to rest it wholly within the dis-
cretion of the officers of the court to determine
whether any oath shall be required. The mat-
ter is placed completely under the control of
the court. Now, as that is the existing law,
we have believed it to be safe to rest that dis-
cretion where the existing law leaves it. It is
believed that as the enactment of this bill may
create a large class of cases which may become
