1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Said I, "There is a white man loose, too, and
I am here after him." I was after a fugitive
from justice and he was after a fugitive from
servitude. " There was a nigger loose." That
put Boston into quite a commotion. That
negro was loose, and he is loose yet. [Laugh-
ter.] He. passed through a furnace as hot as
that through which his namesake passed and
never singed a hair. [Laughter.]
My friend is not half as hot as Shadrach was ;
but the result is about the same. The " nig-
ger is loose" in his imagination. The crime
committed is that the Senate has concluded to
change the chairmanship of a committee. The
mighty—
" Ocean, to tempest tossed,
To waft a leather or to drown a fly!"
My friend says we are raising a bloody blud-
geon to strike down a Senator who has been
on a committee for ten years. What a terrible
offense that is, and how it will shake the world
from center to circumference! How it will
shake the Republican party! The Senate have
changed the chairmanship of a committee, and
for the reason, aud no other, that the relations
between the former chairman and the heads of
the departments with whom he confers cannot
be carried on agreeably to them or agreeably
to the honorable Senator himself.
Sir, if there is one place in society that I do
dread it is to be brought into the presence of
a man with whom I cannot speak. I am con-
demned to be mule. When he asks me a ques-
tion, belonging, perhaps, to our official duties,
I am as mute as the lamb before the slayer.
How anybody can covet that position agaiust
the desire fbr harmony in his party is more
than 1 can comprehend.
At the head of the first committee on the
list of committees of this Senate, and I can
say without any disparagement to the others
the most important committee of the Senate,
stands the honored name of my fneud from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. NYE. It did stand thereuntil it was
withdrawn at his own request.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Tlietfte has had the place of
honor tendered him and he declines it. Is the
nation going to be rocked by that? Not at all.
I stand here to say that I will serve on any
committee while 1 stay here that the Senate
tell me to—I am their servant for that pur-
pose—or I will give good reasons for declining.
When any body says that the honorable Senator
has been faithful in his chairmanship, no voice
will deny it. When I say the honorable Sen
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Tbijmboll,] the chair-
man of the Committee on tlie Judiciary, has
been just as faithful, no one here will deny it.
When I assert that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has been as faith
ful over his charge, no man will deny it. And
yet, sir, the time will come when we shall all
be changed. It is simply a question of time.
1 have been on five or six committees of the
Senate. Had it been the will of the Senate
that I should have taken my position on any
other committees no man would have heard
a lisp from me.
But I may be answered, "That is quite
immaterial; you are not a man of as much
note by any means as the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts." That is true; but I am
as sensitive in my feelings as the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. Sensitiveness is
not learned in schools; it is inherited in nature
itself. Therefore, if I am the weaker, so much
the greater reason that my feelings should be
respected. But were I as sirong as he, had 1
swung that weapon which only giants swing
in the mental world, I do not now see how 1
could sloop to consider the position I should
occupy in a committee of the body which i had
so long honored and adorned.
I mention these things, Mr. President, to
show that it is only through the magnifying
power of zea' that Senators are able to see so
many elements of dissolution around them.
Who is to judge? Am 1 to say if X cannot be
chairman of the Committee ou Territories that
I will not have any place? If I were to say
that, my conduct would be reprobated by all
around me. If the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] who is so devoted
to commerce, was told to quit the helm of
commerce and to sail the ship of lands and
territories, he would go and perform that duty
or give some good reason for declining.
I think it is a good thing to change around
once in awhile. In the ordinary course of
things, the place that knows my honorable
friend from Massachusetts now in fifty years
hence will know him no more. Let us try
some one else, and see if under his tuition we
cannot educate him up to the point to be use-
ful ere the services of my friend are lost to
us. Somebody else has occupied this position
before, and somebody else will occupy it here-
after ; and the question is whether it shall be
now.
The Senate have said that this change shall
be made now, and for the reason that I have
stated. I inquire again, why this commotion?
That is the voice of the Senate, and it would be
to me as potent as the voice of the Roman sen-
ate was to the citizens of Rome. But against
that voice my honorable friend's friends object.
They say it will be regarded by the world as a
blow struck at him.
No one can tell the troubles we have in the
organization of these committees. I was a
member of the committee and witnessed the
execution of my own colleague as a member of
a committee that he has honored, and upon
which he secured the highest respect of his as-
sociates. But the majority of the committee
decreed against me, and notwithstanding my
affection for him and my zeal for his place, I
reported among the others thai he must go
off the Committee on the Judiciary and go on
another; and yet he finds no fault. He has
no right to find fault. It is the post assigned
hiin by the power that creates committees ;
and if he had fouud fault, in ray gentle man-
ner I would have rebuked him. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I found, when I came here,
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] who was the chairman of this commit-
tee. He had been here some time. I have
seen him changed several times on commit-
tees. He wanted a change now, which he
could not get, and yet. he is not complaining.
He stands here with his hair whitening, bow-
ing to the mandate of the Senate, whose power
it is to make and create these committees.
All others do so.
It would seem to an outsider that there was
some disposition here to create a little fuss in
the Republican party. It would seem as if
some persons were waiting to seize an oppor-
tunity to make a little trouble in the Kepub
lican parly, and this being tbe first opportunity,
they avail" themselves of it. I do not say that
it is so; but I do ask my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] whenever
he is going to make as furious a war as he has
made to-day, for 6od's sake let him have
some subject to talk about other than the
change of the chairman of a committee in the
Senate of the United States. Why, sir, take
your list of committeemen, and they have
been changed three or four times since I have
been here. They are changed every two years.
If we had proposed to do this at an unusual
time, at a time when the other committees
were not being dissolved and made up, then
it might have looked invidious; but it was
done when the whole Senate stood as equals
around that committee and around themselves,
and for themselves. They intrusted a com-
mittee to do this primary work. That commit-
tee have reported, and the majority of the
Senate have adopted their report; and now
why this hue and cry ? Is it because the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
among others, is ehauged in the committees
to which he is appointed—not stricken down?
It seems so.
I listened to the interrogatories put by tbe
honorable Senator from Wisconsin to day,-and
when he asked the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts if the relations between the
heads of this Department and himself were
friendly, he did not say they were. My friend,
from Massachusetts would not say that, be-
cause he is a truthful man. Then I assert.the
fact is patent. The reason is given with the
change, and the world is not going to be thrown
into commotion upon so little and trifling a
thing. Why, sir, it happens every two years.
"Change" is written on the records of the
Senate, and "change " will be written upon it
when we are all forgotten.
I inquire again, why this tumult? It looks
to me like an effort to make something out of
nothing. Who is it that has stricken tbe Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. The term is inap-
plicable ; but it is the very men who love him
best, and who would doas much to protect him
and his honor as any Senators on this floor.
Who shall say that my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] would strike a blow at the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts? Who shall say that
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool}
would strike a blow at the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ? Who shall say that the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who lighted his sena-
torial taper at the full glowing lamp of the
Senator from Massachusetts, would strike a
blow at him? Who shall say that the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has stricken a
blow at the Senator from Massachusetts? And,
last and least, who shall say that I, who have
worshiped at his shrine and been a devotee
to his doctrines, would strike a blow at him or
injure a hair of his head ?
Does my honorable friend [Mr. Wilson]
know what he charges when he says this is an
effort to strike down his colleague? No, sir;
there is not one of ihose Senators I have named
who would not stay a blow that was aimed to
iujure a hair of his head. Therefore, whatever
else the honorable Senator may say. he must
not say here that 1 have intended in any way
to do anything but what I thought the most
generous thing under all the circumstances.
I may be mistaken in my judgment. Perhaps
I am. If I am, a generous people will forgive
me now and hereafter; but I have acted my
best judgment, which I do not allow the hon-
orable Senator to arraign by saying that I put
a cudgel in my hand to strike a friend whom
I regard as highly as he does himself. Sena-
tors should be a little more cautious how they
use this phrase, " striking down." They know,
if a blow was given, it would be dealt in kind-
ness aud in a^ilace that would not harm.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] is afraid of the newspapers.
He always was a little afraid of them. If you
will consult his speeches long back you will find
that he has had a terrible nightmare about the
newspapers. I never had. They hardly ever
speak very kindly of me, and I am obliged to
them for not speaking any more unkindly than
they do. But suppose a newspaper mounts a
hobby-horse; can the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts afford to do it? Suppose a
newspaper is for San Domingo or against it;
does that change my honorable friend's opin-
ion? Suppose a newspaper that knows no
more of the internal workings of the Senate
than a boy should say that this Senate has
committed an outrage by changing the chair-
man of one of its committees. My honorable
friend from Massachusetts is afraid of such
thunder. Suppose newspapers, as they fre-
quently do, should say to a judge, "if you
suffer that man to be convicted, it is an out-
rage and a crime." The judge replies, " I
owe a higher and holier obligation to my duty
than that; I find this man guilty ; he has got
to receive the penalty." The judge who
would shudder before a newspaper article
would be the first man my friend would be
