THl^CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
after to impeach ; and yet he stands here and
trembles frightfully before this coming storm
of newspapers. I do not know what the news-
papers will say about this change, but if any
of them in my State say anything about it I
shall tell them they do not know anything; we
made the change for the harmonious working
of the Senate and of the heads of these Depart-
ments ; and if they are not satisfied I cannot
help it; I do not care. I am not required to
satisfy every newspaper and dodge like a boy
around a school-house for fear of a news-
paper slug. I have got too old to perform such
antics.
Now, Mr. President, that is all there is to
this matter. We have changed the head of
one committee. From the discussion to-day,
I suppose by and by it will be a sentence of
death passed upon any Senate that changes its
committees. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] has told us that this is his
colleague's twentieth-year run, and by the time
the Senator has been here as long as that, he
will think that if anybody should propose to
put him on any other committee or any other
place than he wanted to be the world would
come to an end. Such is the experience of
increasing years, that we think we hold our
positions from our years as impregnably as
though the law of change was not the law of
this body. '
Sir, when you come to look this matter all
over, it is a tempest in a teapot; it is a great
fuss about nothing. We have changed the
head of a committee, and my friend from Mas
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Schcrz] stand in ghastly hor-
ror at the thought of what the newspapers are
going to say about it. Sir, let the flood of
newspapers come; and in the day of judgment,
if nothing but newspaper floods come, my
friends and I shall not be submerged by them.
I have said all I desired to say. If I had
not been one of this committee that stirred up
this wonderful commotion, I should not have
said a word. I1 have been looking for some-
thing like earthquake sounds from the West or
the Bast. They had an earthquake last week
in New Hampshire, and it did not frighten the
people half as much as my friend from Mas-
sachusetts is frightened now about the change
of the head of a committee who is stricken
down. Nobody is stricken down. Our com-
mittees have been changed and will be changed
agt in.
Now; Mr. President, I hope the Senate will
come to a vote on this question, and vote upon
it just as they would upoti any other plain",
simple question.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I do not ex-
pect that anything I shall say will change the
result which is already a foregone conclusion.
Nor do I intend to oppose the action of tli£
majority of tbe Republicans of the Senate.
What 1 desire to do is to give the reasons for
the action that I have taken. I differ and
have differed, as is known by the Republicans
here, with the majority in reference to the
action taken by them in the change of the
chairman of the Committee on 1'oreign Rela-
tions, and I differ with the gentlemen %vho
have discussed this question in the Senate
with regard to the reasons for it. I do not
believe that this change has been made merely
because the Senate has a right to change its com -
mittees, or has aright to form committees as it
pleases. It is true that the Senate certainly has
aright to make any change that is proper to be
made, or any change that it deems it desirable
to make; but when a change is made there
ought at least to be a good reason for it. I
do not think the reason on which the majority
has acted in the present case is a good reason.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations lias not shown himself deficient 111
integrity, in ability, or in will or disposition to
perform his duties. He has not shown dere-
liction on his part toward the Republican party.
He is still a Republican ; he is still a man of
ability; he is still a man of energy ;• he is still
a man devoted to principle. What, then, is'
the reason for this change? Because, forsooth,
he fails to answer a question ? Is that the
reason ? Or is it because he has declined some
invitation to a dinner party ? Or is it because
the personal relations existing between him
and some of the Cabinet are not of the most
amicable and friendly nature? If these are
the reasons—and they are the onlyones I have
heard given—in my judgment they are not suf-
ficient to justily us in our course in this matter.
If it be true (and that shall be the theory
established by the Senate) that because mem-
bers here are not on the most friendly relations
with the President or members of his Cabinet
the chairmanship of a committee must be
changed, then if the President, when elected,
should have personal enemies in the Senate
who were chairmen of committees, they would
have to be changed; if a Secretary of State
should not be on the best relations with certain
members of the Senate who had chairman-
ships of committees, those chairmen must be
changed. Suppose that the Secretary of State
himself should be changed within the next few
days and some one in this Senate appointed to
that office who does not entertain the kindest
feelings toward all the members of the Senate;
or suppose some one should be appointed Sec-
retary of State who is not on good terms with
some chairman of a committee; to illustrate,
suppose it was the Judiciary Committee, the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Commit-
tee on Finance, or any other committee, that
makes no difference, then the chairman must
be changed. Why? Because the relations are
not of the kindest character between the Sec-
retary of State and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, or between the
Attorney General and the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, or between the
Secretary of the Treasury and the chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
Must the Senate inquire of these different
Cabinet officers as to their personal relations
with members of the Senate before those mem-
bers can be made chairmen of committees?
If so, the independence of this body is gone,
and all you have to do is to send a sub-com-
mittee to the Secretary of State, to the Post-
master General, to the Attorney General, or
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and say to
each of them, "Who are the members of the
Senate with whom you have kind relations ;
we desire to be informed of them ; we shall
appoint no man chairman of a committee that
you do not have the best personal relations
with?" That is the principle adopted in this
case.
We are told that this deposition is not on
account of official, but of personal relations.
Sir, i desire to ask this Senate what the per-
sonal relations of a member have to do with
his official duties? Are you, sir, not qualified
or competent to perform your duties as a Sen-
ator because you are not on good personal
relations with some member of the Cabinet?
If not, your constituents( should be informed
that you are not, and that you cannot, there-
fore, be a chairman of the committee of the
Senate, and they should ask you to resign, that
they may elect somebody who is on good terms
with all these gentlemen, somebody that may
be invited to dinner parties, and between whom
and all the members of the Cabinet the best
personal relations may exist 1 I do not believe
in that theory. I believe the legislative de-
partment of this Government to be an inde-
pendent department of the Government, inde-
pendent of the Executive ; and the Executive
Ins no right to dictate who shall be chairman
of a committee or who shall form any portion
of a committee. That is my view in reference
to that.
But let us examine a little further in refer-
ence to this particular question, why the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has been deposed as
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Why has it been done ? Has it
been done in accordance with the suggestion
of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
merely because of the popularity of the Sen-
ator who has been named as chairman ? Is
that the reason? Was it a mere election
between these two- parties, where the popu-
larity of the* one overrides that of the other?
No, sir; the popularity of the gentleman who
is now named as the chairman of this commit-
tee was not in question whefi the Senator trom
Massachusetts was deposed. Tbe question
was not as to the ability or popularity of the
Senator named; but the question was whether
or not the Senator from Massachusetts should
be deposed as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations because of hispersonal rela-
tions with some member of the Cabinet.
That was the question. It was not any ques-
tion of popularity between these two Senators,
for a majority of Republicans in this body
to-day, laying aside the question of difference
between the Senator from Massachusetts and
some member of the Cabinet, would vote for
the Senator from Massachusetts, on account
of his great ability and on account of the
manner in which he has performed the duties
of chairman of this committee.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. How are you to test the
question of popularity between two candidates
except by the fact which gets the most votes?
Mr. LOGAN. When two candidates are
before the country the man who gets a major-
ity of the votes shows that his popularity ex-
ceeds that of the other ; <ut when men are
being named as chairmen of committees of a
body like this, without their respective names
being placed before voters, without the voters
having a knowledge of the facts, when they
merely act upon the report of a committee or
sub-committee that a certain chairman has
been deposed and the name of another inter-
posed, it is a question then, as you know, not
of the popularity of the gentlemen named.
I have no right to statejyhat the discussion
elsewhere was; but I elm safely say that it
was not a question as to the popularity of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, because the result
would have been the same; the majority of the
Republicans would have voted to depose the
Senator from Massachusetts no matter what
name was interposed in place of his. It was
not a question of popularity; it was not a
question as to the ability or qualifications of
the Senator from Pennsylvania. Of course
his qualifications are sufficient. Of course his
ability is sufficient. All these things we accord
to him; but that was not the question before
the Republicans when this decision was made.
Now, sir, let us see what the precedents are.
We are told that the personal relations between
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the President or
Secretary of State must be good. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who discussed this
question, [Mr. Wilson,] cited the case of
Henry Clay and President Jackson. Henry
Clay was chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and yet the personal relations
between him and President Jackson were
such that they did not speak. The Senator
from Massachusetts was chairman of this com-
mittee when Andrew Johnson was President.
Andrew Johnson and the chairman of the
committee did not speak, and yet the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
made the argument in the Senate in favor of
the treaty for the acquisition of Alaska, and
on his speech that treaty was ratified and the
appropriation voted by the Congress of the
United States. Their official relations were
of such a character that the duties of the place
were performed by the chairman of the com-
mittee to the satisfaction of the Senate.
Let me cite another instance somewhat anal-
ogous. General Sherman, who is at the head
