754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
it could not be found as the practice of the
Senate in former times ; bat latterly we have
been in the habit of addressing communica-
tions to the head of a Department; formerly
it was never done.
Mr. CONKLING-. In this case, if there
were any reason for this information, it seems
to me a very proper case to address a resolu-
tion, not to the head of a Department, but to
the head of the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment ; and then the resolution would con-
tain the customary words, that he should re-
port this information unless there be some
reason to the contrary.
But, Mr. President, regardless of the form
of the resolution, I submit again to the Senate
it is a very extraordinary proceeding for Con-
gress not only to interfere, as my friend be-
fore me [Mr. Moktos] reminds me we have
been charged so much with doing, with the
business of the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment, but to interfere by way of procuring
a report to us of the professional and inci-
dental proceedings in the conduct of a litiga-
tion which appears upon the records of the
court as to all parts of it which are final, all
parts of it which embody any result whatever,
it is not quite as bad as if the honorable Sen-
ator should offer a resolution requiring the
Attorney General to report all the conversa-
tions that had occurred between the counsel in
a cause; it does not go quite as far as that;
but it is the next thing to it; and I hope the
Senate will not take up this resolution. We all
know that at this session, at all events, there
is not to be legislation in regard to it; and in
the mean time the honorable Senator can in-
quire of the Attorney General, and doubtless
he will obtain all the information he wants.
Mr. THURMAN. There was a time that
will be recollected when the name of a very
distinguished gentleman was before the Sen-
ate for one of the most important offices in
the gift of the Government, and when there
were Senators who thought that the informa-
tion asked for by this resolution, or one which
was substantially the same as this, would aid
the Senate in forming an opinion whether that
gentleman should hold that office or not. In
that state of the case, I offered a resolution in
the Senate substantially the same as that now
offered by the Senator from Missouri. I never
could get the Senate to take it up. I tried
again and again 
Mr. CONKLING. What resolution was it?
Mr. THURMAN. A resolution offered by
myself, substantially the same as this now
offered by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CONKLING. On this same subject?
Mr. THURMAN, On this same subject,
asking for precisely the same information. I
never could get the Senate to take that reso-
lution up. Morning after morning I asked the
Senate to take it up, but I never could get ^t
taken up, and although every one then under-
stood that the information might be of some
value upon the matter that was before the
Senate for its consideration, I could not get
it taken up. Now, when that state of affairs
has passed by, we are met with another objec-
tion, that there is no use in passing this reso-
lution or in asking for this information. I am
inclined to think we shall never get it. "When
ihere was use for it we could not get it. Now,
it is said there is no use for it, and I have very
httlo expectation that v;e shall get it.
But 1 quite disagree with my friend from
New York i:i treating this information that is
asked for as a mere private arrangement be-
tween counsel in a causc in which the Govern-
ment had no interest at all, and in which the
public had no interest, but which was mere
litigation between individuals. This is a wholly
different case. If there were such an agree-
ment as this resolution imports, it was an
agreement made by the law officer of the Gov-
ernment iu the conduct of a cause in which
the Government was a party, and we have
just as much right to know what that was as
we have a right to know anything that is trans-
acted or done by the Government. He could
not make any private arrangement as a private
counsel; he could only act in his capacity as
the Attorney General of the United States,
and that in a cause in which the United States
was a party, a cause involving great constitu-
tional questions, a cause that excited great
public feeling, and which has not been lost
sight of, for on this very floor at this very ses-
sion the fact that Yerger goes unpunished has
been thrown up in the Senate as a reproach to
the administration of the law and as a reason
for legislation.
Now, sir, I say to my friend that my own
belief is Senators are doing injury to the late
Attorney General by refusing to let this in-
formation go forth. They will make the people
believe that the matter was far worse than I
believe it was. They will make the people
believe that there is some great mystery and
wrong that the friends of that gentleman will
not allow to see the light. My own belief is
that he will be far less injured, if injured at
all—and I am not prepared to say that he will
be injured at all—by letting this information
see the day. I have seen what I believe to be
a copy of the agreement alluded to, and I am
free to say now that according to my best recol-
lection, that agreement made by the_ Attorney
General is one that he was perfectly justifiable
in making. That is my opinion. But I say
if you suppress the information the country
will not believe so, and you are doing him
more harm than good by refusing to let the
resolution pass.
I suggest to my friend from Missouri, who
has moved this resolution, that he ought to add
to it at the end what is necessary to meet the
case—an agreement not simply in reference to
what should be done with the cause in the event
of the court taking jurisdiction of it, but what
should become of it in case Congress inter-
fered and took jurisdiction of the matter.
Mr. FENTON. I venture to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few moments on a
matter that is in some measure personal to
myself.
The PRESIDBNT^roiempore. TheSenator
from New York asks unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. THURMAN. Had we not better dis-
pose of this resolution first?
Mr. FENTON. I shall occupy only a mo-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. BLAIR. I object, until this resolution
disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question?
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The pend-
ing question is the motion of the Senator from
Missouri to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution which has been read, pending
which the Senator from New York asks unan-
imous consent to make a personal explanation.
Is there any objection ? The Chair hears none.
personal explanation.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I send to
the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read, the
article which I have marked in this morning's
Republican of this city.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Will Senator Fenton Explain.—The name of the
Republican member of the New York Assembly who
last week sold himself and his party to the Democ-
racy and William M. Tweed for &75.0U0 is Orange
Winans, the representative of the second district of
Chautauqua county. Ohrmtauqua county is the
home of Senator Feston. Winans is a Fkxtox man.
He was irat in tho Assembly by Fextox, with the
understanding that he should do the bidding of his
chief. Winans is also an employe of the Erie rail-
road.
"Now, here is the charge which we wish Governor
Fbxtox to explain. It is made by the New York
'Dimes, as follows:
"' Up till Friday evening the member from Chau-
touqjua probably intended to come out of the strug-
gle an honest man. But, unknowing to himself,
two men appear to have been preparing for him the
park of treachery. The one was his political sponsor
and the other was his employer—the one was United
States Senator Fexton and the other was Jay Gould,
These two were closeted together lor two hours on
Friday, and at that interview there is reason to be-
lieve that Winans was selected to take the bribo
ofTwocd, said to be s75,000 cash down, with an addi-
tional bribe thrown in by the Erie ring of a live-
years tenure ol a position worth $5,000 a year. Tbo
price might have been higher, for the prize at stake
was a great one, and the infamy to bo incurred was
deep and lasting. But the combined pressure oi Sen-
ator Fextox and Jay Gould doubtless made Tam-
many's bargain easier with the man who has sunk
low enough to bo despised even by the unscrupulous
ring that bought him.'
" Senator Fkntox is an aspirant forthe Vice Pres-
idency on the Republican ticket in 1872, as ho was
in 1863. He is one of the 'disappointed men' in the
Senate, lie assumes to control tho Federal patron-
age in New York, and makes piteous anpeals to his
brother Senators in secret session. lie is the head
and front of the opposition to Administration men
and measures in his own State. Where does Mr.
Fextox stand? The charge of the Times isaserious
charge, and cannot be dodged. He owes an explana-
tion to his Republican associates in the Senate, to
the Republican party of his own State, and to tho
Republicans of tho country, whom he expects to voto
for him in 1872. Thequestion to be answered is this:
'Did he on last Friday leave the Senate of the Uni-
ted States while the bill for the protection of life and
property in the South was under consideration, for
the purpose of meeting J ay Gould in the city of New
York to devise measures to bribe a Republican mem-
ber of the Assembly, and thereby enable Tammany
Hall to retain its corrupt ascendency in New York
city, and help lose that State to the Republican party
in the approaching presidential election?' Will Mr.
Fexton explain?"
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I should not
now notice this attack did it not appear in a
paper supposed to be in some measure an
organ of the Administration. It hardly seems
necessary for me to deny charges or repel
insinuations of this character, but I deem it
best, departing from the rule I had adopted
for myself in such cases, to say that so far as
my having any knowledge, intimation, confer-
ence, talk; or thought in regard to the course
of Mr. Winans previous to the announcement
in the press of what he had done, is wholly
without foundation and false. I have not seen
Mr. Winans for three months past, nor have I
had communication with him or others regard-
ing liira.
I was called away from here on the 7th of
this month to my home in weStern New York,
where I was detained a few days, and on my
return stopped a day in New York city, and
did not go from here last Friday, as reported.
I have known Mr. Winans for several years,
not as an intimate friend, but as a persou of
fair standing in society and politics, and for
whom I entertained a fair degree of regard.
He was nominated and elected for the office
he holds, first, while I was in Europe, one year
ago last summer and fall. His course during
the first session was regarded as honorable,
and there was no division in the party, as I
am aware, in reference to his return last fall.
His betrayal of the confidence and trust re-
posed in him is not less startling to myself
and the country than it must be to the patri-
otic and intelligent constituency who com-
missioned him to a seat in the Legislature.
I deeply deplore the act as I do all acts and
conduct which bring disgrace to men and an
injury to a good cause. I profoundly sorrow
over this act as calculated in some degree, and
as seems to beintended by the use that is made
of it, in coupling my name with it, to disturb
and divide our Republican friends in New
York. I condemn, very earnestly, conduct or
a course of action, whether at Albany or here,
which does not tend to strengthen our cause.
enforcement of FOUItTEUNTII amendment,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, "Will the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blaib] which has been read?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that may be laid
aside, that I may make a report from a com-
mittee of conference, if there is no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of a committee of conference has always been
regarded as privileged.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submit the following
report from the committee of conference ap-
