1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
pointed to meet the conferees of the House
on the disagreeing votes of the Senate and
House on the amendments to the bill (H. 11.
No. Ii20) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on
their disagreeing votes upon the bill of the House
entitled (II. 11. No. 320) "An act to enforcetho pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, ancU'or other purposes,"
respectfully report that, having met, alter lull and
free confcrcnce thereon they do rccommcnd that—
First, tho llou.se of Kcpresentatives recede from
its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate
numbered 3, on the second page and twentieth line
thereof, and agree to tho same with tho modification
following, to wit: strike out all said Senate amend-
ment in that line, and insert l he same alter the word
"oilice," mi line twenty-onoof the same page,in tho
words following: "or to injure his person while en-
gaged in tbe lawful discharge of the duties of his
ofliec, or to injure his piopei ty so as to molest, intei -
rupt, hinder, or impede him in the discharge of his
official duty ;'s and that tho Senate agree to the same.
Second, that the House ot lteprcsentativcsrecede
from its disagreement to the eighteenth amendment
ot the Senate, being on page 7 ot said bill, and agree
to the same.
Third, that the House of Representatives recede
from its disagreement to the twentieth amendment
of the Senate to said bill, being on page 8 thereof,
and agree to tho same, modified as follows, to wit:
in lieu of tbe amendment of tho Senate as stated,
insert after the word "the," in line one of pageS,
these words: "first scetion of the;" and that tho
Senate agree to the same.
fourth, fell at the two Houses agree to a substitute
for the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, as
follows:
That if any house, tenement, cabin, shop, build-
ing. barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or felon-
iously demolished, pulled dowii, burned, or de-
stroyed, wnolly or in part, by any persons riotously
and tumultuously assembled together; or if any per-
son shall unlawfully and with lorce and violence bo
whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed by any per-
sons liutously and tumultuously assembled together,
with intent to deprive any person of any right, con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution and laws of tho
'United States, or to deter him or punish him tor
cxercising such right, or by reason of his race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, in every such
case the county, city, or parish in which any of tho
said offenses shall bo committed shall bo liable to
pay full compensation to theperson or persons dam-
nified by such offent-e, if living, or to his widow or
legal representative it dead; and such compensation
may be recovered in an action on the case by such
person or his representative in any court of the Uni-
ted States of competent jurisdiction in the distiict m
which the offense was committed, such action to be
in the name of tho person injured, or Ins legal repre-
sentative, and against said county, city, or parish; and
in which action any of the paities committing such
acts may be joined as defendants. And any payment
of any judgment, or part thereof unsatisfied, recov-
ered by tho plaintiff in such action, may, if notsatis-
11 ed by the individual defendant therein within two
months next after the recovery of such judgment upon
execution duly issued against such individual dclen-
dant in such judgment, and returned unsatisfied, in
whole or in part, be enforced against such county, city,
or parish, by execution, attachment, mandamus, gar-
nishment, or any other proceeding in aid of execu-
tion or applicable to the enforcement of judgments
against municipal corporations; and such judgment
shall be a lien as well upon all moneys in the treas-
ury ol such county, city, or parish, as upon the other
pi operty thereof. And the court in any such action
may on motion cause additional parties to bo raado
therein prior to issue joined, to the end that justice
may be done. And the said county, city, or parish,
may recover the full amount of such judgment, by it
paid, with costs and interest, from any person or
persons engaged as principal or accessory in such
liot, in an action in any court of competent juris-
diction. And such county, city, orparish, so paying,
shall also be subrogated to all tho plaintiff's rights
under such judgment.
And that the same stand as section six of the said
bill, and that section six stand as section five, and
that section five be transferred to tho end of the
bill as section seven.
GEORGE V. EDMUNDS,
JOHN SUEIU1AN,
Managers oil the part of the Senate.
S. SITELLABAUGEIt,
G. W.SCOFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. As wo are not to see this
in print, I ask the Secretary now to turn back
three pages and read from '' said parish, city,
or county shall be liable," so and so.
Mr. THURMAN. Why are we not to see
it in print?
Mr. CONKLING-. Only for want of time,
I suppose. Usually we do not see the reports
of committees of conference in print. At all
events, I ask the Secretary to read again, as
he will be able to do now more readily, begin-
ning at the point I indicate.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute proposed
by the committee of conference for the twenty-
first amendment of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I move that the
consideration of the report be postponed until
to-morrow, and that it be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done. I do not think it necessary, inasmuch
as the changes that are made in the bill as it
passed the Senate are slight and all in favor,
i think, of the views that my friend from Ohio
I would have. I think I can explain to his sat-
j isfaction, in an intellectual point of view, pre-
I cisely what these four open points for consid-
i oration were, and how they now stand, so that
i every Senator will be readily able to under-
! stand exactly what the report is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the further con-
sideration of this report bo postponed until
to-morrow, and that it be printed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, neither
the Senator from Vermont nor any lawyer
equally as careful as he would agree to an
amendment of the most ordinary pleading in
the most inferior court without having the
opportunity to study it carefully. Here are
amendments after amendments, transpositions
of sections, a large portion of an amendment
adopted by the Senate stricken out and a quan-
tity of matter inserted in lieu of it; and now
I submit that each Senator is entitled to have
that report before him with the bill as it passed
tho Senate, so that he can carefully study it
and see what will be its effect if the report bo
agreed to.
The Senator knows as well as any one how
much may turn upon a single word in a stat-
ute, how much may turn upon the collocation
of words, how much may turn upon the con-
text of words; and it is not light, I submit.,
especially on as grave a matter as tliis, to ask
Senators to vote upon the mere statement,
however fairly it may be made, and no doubt
it will bo made fairly, of the chairman of a
committee as to the effect of these amend-
ments, when no Senator can liavo tho report
before him, as every Senator ought to have it,
comparing it with the bill and voting under-
standing^. 1 hope, therefore, that the Senate
will not force Senators to vote 011 a proposi-
tion like this without giving them the oppor-
tunity to study the subject and see what it is.
As to time, we ought to take all the time
necessary on a question of this kind. We have
taken six weeks on it; certainly wo can take
twenty-four hours more. But if that is not
agreeable to Senators, if the Senate will con-
sent to postpone its consideration until half
past seven this evening, and have it printed in
the mean time, much as 1 am opposed to night
sessions I am willing to agree to that; but I
do protest against being forced into the con-
sideration of this subject without any Senator
knowing anything about it, except from hearing
the report read, besides those who were on the
committee. I do not think that is right. I do
not believe there is going to be any consider-
able discussion. I know of no Senator who is
disposed to discuss it any further than may be
necessary to point out his objections, if he have
any, to the particular amendments that are
proposed; but as to any large discussion upon
the general subject, I know of no Senator who
has any such purpose in his mind. I make
this suggestion in the most pcrfectgood faith,
for I am as anxious to see Congress adjourn as
any other Senator on the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt the good
faith of my friend from Ohio at all, but he
must see it is quite out of the usual course
and quite unreasonable, if he will pardon me
for saying so, after the two Houses have agreed
upon the whole substance of a bill and have
narrowed themselves down in their own dis-
cussions and votes to four simple and distinct
points of amendment, and then had a confer-
ence upon them and tho conference committee
report, so that all the open points can be seen
in twenty lines, in substance can be seen in
five lines, to ask us to postpone the consider-
ation of these points (because the whole bill
is not open for discussion) in order that it may
be printed. If it were to be done in this case,
it must be done in every other. Now, with
the Senator's permission, if he will pay atten-
tion to me, I will endeavor to explain to him
and to the Senate precisely how the bill now
stands.
The first amendment in dispute between the
two houses was the amendment numbered 3,
made by tho Senate, which, in the printed bill,
is in the second section, inserting tho words
"while in the'' and striking out the word "his."
Mr. THURMAN. What bill does the Sen-
ator use in the report—the bill as it passed the
Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we use the original
manuscript of the House bill. We are obliged
to do so ; but I can describe itso that my friend
can look at his printed bill and find where the
point is.
Mr. THURMAN. Tho bill I have is the bill
as it was passed by the Senate and printed by
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will look
on that page of the bill 
Mr. THURMAN. What page ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that page where the
third amendment of the Senate comes in, I
think probably on the second or third page,
near the bottom of the page, where, in italics,
are found the words "or while engaged in
the," he will see what the third amendment*
of the Senate was. The House disagreed to
that, and the conference committee recommcnd
that the House bill be allowed to stand in that
line in the print just as the House had it,
keeping in the word " his " and striking out
the words " or while engaged in the so that
it will read in that line "or to injure him 111
his person or property on account of his law-
ful discharge of the duties of his office." Then
we propose to insert the words which, if my
friend will give me his attention, he will now
hear: "or to injure his person while engaged in
the lawful discharge of the duties of his oilice."
That merely carries it, upon the discussion
that wo had here, to an injury to the person
of the officer while ho is attending to his busi-
ness, just like the old statute. Then we add
another clause bringing in property, but in a
way that I think will commend itself even to
the judgment of my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] in the words "or to injure his
property so as to molest, interrupt, hinder, or
impede him in the discharge of his official
duty," which I think will relieve it entirely of
the objection that my friend from Illinois made,
although I think it means the same thing as it
did belore.
Mr. THURMAN. Or to injure his property
how ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. " Or to injure his prop-
erty so as to molest, interrupt, hinder, or im-
pede him in the discharge of his official duty."
That is the whole of that amendment, so that
we dispose of this, the first of the four. There
are only four amendments, it will be remem-
bered, open between the two Houses. This is
the first one. This change of phraseology was
made in order to dispose, as far as we could,
of all the objections that had been made to the
language of that amendment, and at the same
time to preserve something of the spirit we
intended it to possess.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that amendment No.
3 of the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is amendment No.
3 of the Senate.
The next amendment of the Senate that was
disagreed to by the House was amendment
No. 18, which my friend will find at the end
of the sixth section, I believe, as it stands in
the printed bill. The amendment proposed by
