756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the Senate was to strike out the last clause of
the sixth section, which repealed the whole of
the act of June 17, 18G2, providing for a chal-
lenge of jurora on account of tlieir having been
engaged in the rebellion. The committee of
conference recommend that, instead of amend-
ing the section in that way by striking out the
repeal of the whole of that law, we agree to
leave it so that it will read that the first sec-
tion of that act is repealed, by inserting, leaving
the text to stand, after the word "the," in the
thirteenth line of the printed bill that my friend
has, the word " first section of the;" so that it
will read:
And the first section of the act entitled "An act
defining additional causes of challenge and prescrib-
ing an additional oath for grand and petit jurors
in the United States courts," approved June 17,1862,
be, and tlie same is hereby, repealed.
The effect of that is to repeal that section
upon which Senators contended that there was
the power of a peremptory challenge to jurors
in all oases, and to leave the second section to
stand still as the law as it is now, providing
that the district attorney at any court may
move at any time that the oath, which will
disclose whether a juror has been connected
with the rebellion or not, may be administered
to any juror, and that the court may in its dis-
cretion grant or refuse that administration
as it may think best in the particular case.
The effect of this amendment, as we recom-
mend it to be modified, is to repeal the per-
emptory section as it was claimed, although
other gentlemen claimed that even that was
. not peremptory, but whatever it was, and to
still leave it to the discretion of the court, on
the motion of the district attorney in any case,
to cause that oath to be adtninistered to the
jurors. I am sure every Senator will under-
stand that proposition without its being printed.
Then we come to the twentieth amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. THUKMAN. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds with that, let me ask him as to the amend-
ment before that, at the end of section four,
providing how long the section shall remain
in force.
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I got it misnumbered. I was just com-
ing to that, although I had got the order wrong.
The amendment atthe end of section four, pro-
viding how long the supposed suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus should continue, or
the qualified suspension, whatever Senators
choose to^ call it, is left just as it stands in the
printed bill with the amendment of the Sen-
ate agreed to ; that is to say, the House recede
from their disagreement to that amendment.
Therefore, that section is left to stand, expir-
ing at the end of the next regular session of
Congress.
That disposes of those three amendments,
which, so far as space is concerned, are very
small indeed, merely the changes of two or
three words, and the changes of meaning I
think I have so explained that, every Senator
who has the printed bill before him will per-
fectly understand them.
Then we come to the fourth and last dis-
agreement, which is on the amendment num-
bered 21, which was the additional section
found at the end of the bill, inserted on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man'. J That section is modified so as to relieve
it largely, as it appeared I think to all the
gentlemen of the committee, of both political
parties, of the objections that had been made
to it both here and in the House of Represent-
atives, and to still leave some little hope of
redress and some little obligation upon the
part of the communities in which these tumults
should occur, to see that justice was done and
property protected, I can explain to my friend
the change in this last section so that he will
readily understand it, with the print before him,
although the phraseology is changed more
extensively ; but for the first twenty-one lines
of his print the only changes are, first, in the
seventh and eighth lines, striking out the words
■'and if such offense was committed" and
inserting "with intent," so that it reads, "or
killed by any persons riotously and tumult-
uously assembled together, with intent to de-
prive any persona of any right." Then in the
twelfth and thirteenth lines of the print we
strike out the words " the inhabitants of," so
as to relieve it of any supposed direction against
the individual inhabitants of the county, but
speaking of the county in its territorial or muni-
cipal capacity. Then we insert in the seven-
teenth line, after the word " recovered," the
words "in an action on the ease," pointing out
the form of remedy merely. Then in the eight-
eenth line we strike out the words " by a suit"
as a mere pleonasm after the insertion of the
previous words, and insert at the beginning of
the twentieth line the words "such action."
These are mere grammatical corrections. Then
from that forward, instead of the section read-
ing as it does now, it reads as follows, and I
will again read it.
Mr. THURMAN. After what?
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the word "parish"
in the twenty-first line, and substituting for it
what I will again read and what I will then
explain;
And in -which action any of the parties commit-
ting such acts may be joined as defendants. And
any payment of any judgment, or part thereof un-
satisfied, recovered by the plaintiff in such action
may, if not satisfied by the individual defendant
therein within two months next after tiie recovery
of such judgment upon execution duly issued against
such individual del'endantin sueh judgment and re-
turned unsatisfied, in whole or in part, be enforced
against sueh county, city, or parish, by execution,
attachment, mandamus, garnishment, or any other
proceeding in aid of execution, or applicable to the
enforcement of judgments against municipal corpor-
ations; and sueh judgment shall bo a lien as well
upon all moneys in the treasury of such county,
city, or parish, as upon t.he other property therein.
And the court in any sueh action may, on motion,
cause additional parties to be made therein prior to
issue joined, to the end thai justice may be done;
and the said county, city, or parish may recover the
full amount of sueh judgment by it paid, with costs
and interest, from any person or pertons engaged as
principal or accessory in such riot in an action in
any court of competent jurisdiction. And sach
county, city, or parish so paying shall also be sub-
rogated to all the plaintiifs rights under such judg-
ment.
Now, the change in substance and in form
and in fact from the amendment as it passed
the Senate is, first, that there is no remedy of
the plaintiff in the judgment or execution
against the individual inhabitants of the county
or against their property. Second, it provides
that in this action brought against the county
it shali be competent for the plaintiff to insert
as co-defendants any or all of the persons
whom he suspects to have committed the out-
rage. It also authorises the county, or any of
the defendants, or the plaintiff himself even,
to move the court before the case comes to
issue for trial, to bring in other defendants
who may have been discovered, and who may
have property from which this satisfaction may
be made.
Then it goes to a trial, and if the plaintiff
recovers a judgment against the county and
any of these defendants, before he is to pro-
ceed against the county he must first, and
within sixty days, so that he cannot delay for
the purpose of letting off some one of the indi-
viduals if there should be any collusion—he
must first cause an execution to be issued
within sixty days from the judgment, put into
the hands of the proper officer, and satisfied out
of the property of the individal defendants, if
they have any, and if returned unsatisfied into
the court, of course under the sworn return of
the officer that he cannot find any property of
the individual defendants, then the plaintiff in
the judgment may apply to the court lor the
usual redress, according to the nature of the
case and the principles of local law. by way
of a mandamus against the county officers, to
assess a tax if you please, by way of judgment
against them for contempt in refusing to assess
it if you please, or by way of getting at the
funds, by injunction or any other order, they
may have in their treasury, just as in eases
that have occurred, without any such provision,
the courts of the United States have acted upon
municipal corporations.
Then it provides, secondly, in aid of the
county, that whenever the county shall have
paid any judgment against it, or any part of a
judgment, it shall, upon such payment, be sub-
rogated to all the plaintiff's rights under that
judgment against the other defendants, so that
it may proceed by execution, without any new
suit, against any of the parties who may be
codefendants, if they have any property, or
the county thinks it can find any to reimburse
itself; and, in addition to that, against any
parties who are not already condemned in
judgment the county is given an action here
as against all the parties and accessories who
have been guilty of the misconduct. The
result of it is, under this section, that the lia-
bility of the county is reduced to the minimum
of responsibility. If the municipality or its
inhabitants are to be made responsible at all,
we have adopted the tenderest and most con-
venient way to them, and have given them in
the same section which creates the liability all
| the means possible in the law to redress and
reimburse themselves, or throw off the respons-
1 ibility upon responsible defendants who have
property to pay with, and who are the prin-
cipals in the outrage.
It has been said in some discussions about
this matter, and which I, perhaps, ought to
explain, that there is a question about the
power or the right of Congress to enforce this
redress against a community who are thus
taken to be in fault in not repressing these
riots and tumults, because it will be observed
this section is confined to a riot and tumult.
It is said that the United States cannot pro-
ceed against a municipality, either a county,'
town, or city, because they are the creation
of State law; and therefore we cannot act
] upon them in their organized capacity at all.
! I vviil merely say in reply to that, what seems
to me to be a perfectly conclusive answer, aside
from answers that would exist at common law,
that the Constitution declares that it shall be
the duty of the State to give to everybody the
equal and complete protection of its laws ; and
where, therefore, there is a State organism, as
a county, which is intruste.d with the local
administration of justice, which is intrusted
with the local preservation of peace, as every
city, county, and parish in the country is in
our autonomy and in every other civilized au-
tonomy, then this clause in the Constitution
which speaks of the protection which the States
must afford to all their inhabitants equally
under the law, to preserve them against riots
and tumultq, does speak, as was argued the
other day—and I do not now intend to repeat
it, but merely to explain the ground upon which
this proceeds—to the municipal authorities ex-
isting under the State law directly; and when,
therefore, they fail to perform the duty of pro-
tection, which the theory of this law implies that
they are bound to perform, against tumult and
riot, then the Constitution has declared that
Congress, by appropriate legislation, may ap-
ply to them the duty of making reimbursement.
But I do not wish to go into an argument upon
any principle we have discussed before. I
merely say that in explaining the ground upon
which it was made clear in my mind.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will allow
me, I should like to inquire of him whether in
the committee of conference (and I feel the
more interest in the question because no de-
bate took place in this Chamber on this sec-
tion) consideration was given to any doubt,
if there be one, growing out of the exercise by
this section of a power of taxation. Without
having the report before me, there is, I think,
a provision which makes a judgment a lien
upon the public moneys in a treasury, which
of course are the issues of taxation. There is
also a provision which makes these judgments
collectable against the counties or municipal-
ities, as the case may be. Of course, all that
