50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 10,
ure. But if the Senator now puts his opposi-
tion upon the ground that it is opposed to the
wishes of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
hear it from him for the first time.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly I have expressed
110 wish on the subject,.
Mr. HOWE. 1 did not understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to express any wish
about it, and I was going to call for the author-
ity of the Senator from Illinois for saying that
it was opposed to his wishes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not said that the
Senator from Massachusetts expressed any
wish about it; but the Senator from Wisconsin
will not impose upon the country, he certainly
will not impose upon the Senate, by bringing
up the Committee on Agriculture here and
other such committees that have been formed
in this body, where it is known that there is
little or no service to be performed, commit-
tees which have been made merely to put Sen-
ators in the position of chairmen, that they may
have committee-rooms and conveniences. Is
there any analogy or comparison between the
committees to which the Senator refers and
the leading committee of the Senate? Why,
sir, it is understood that these unimportant
committees are taken charge of by anybody.
Any member of the Senate is willing to take
one of these positions for the convenience of
a committee-room, perhaps having a clerk con-
nected with it. It is very convenient for Sen-
ators to have a place where they can do busi-
ness in connection with their official duties;
and so far as we have rooms we have organized
committees, so that the chairman of a com-
mittee may have charge of a committee-room.
But the Senator will mislead nobody by refer-
ring to that class of committees as authority
for what is about to be done in this ease or
what is proposed to be done.
Now, having stated that this is contrary to
the uniform usages of the Senate, as I have
always understood them from my experience
in the Senate, I proceed 
I see that the Senator from Wisconsin rises.
Mr. HOWli. ^ If I do not embarrass the Sen-
ator from Illinois 
Mr. THUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to be embar-
rassing. 1 rise for two purposes: first, to say
that 1 cannot be understood as assenting to the
correctness of the Senator's remark that we
make committees here in proportion to the
number of rooms we have. [ cannot be under-
stood as assenting to the^ correctness of his
statement, that the Committee on Agriculture
and the Committee on Manufactures are cre-
ated only for the purpose of furnishing a'gen-
tleman with a clerk or with a room. But if
the Senator insists that those are unimportant
committees, I wish to ask him if he does not
remember when the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs was changed, was deposed
in the very sense in which he uses the term ;
deposed by a Republican Senate, and another
Republican put in his place, and against the
vehement protest of the removed Senator?
Mr. TllUMBULL. I recollect w'ell the case
to which the Senator refers ; and if I could
state the reasons,it would not be pleasant to
go into the details in reference to that trans-
action, and I shall forbear to do so. There
was something more involved in it, let me teil
the Senator, than simply making the change.
Now, sir, having stated this much as to the
usage of the Senate so long as I have been
acquainted with its proceedings, I come to the
next proposition, it being proposed to violate
the established usagesof the Senate, I come to
inquire, why? The answer could not be better
given than the exhibition in this very room
for the last four hours. We have had a four-
hours discussion about what? A discussion
as to whether a member of this body spoke to
the head of one of the Executive Departments
at some social gathering! Why, sir, has the
Senate of the United States come to this, that
an inquiry is to be instituted as to the oersoual
relations between the members of its body and
any man under Heaven, to inquire whether he
is tit for a chairmanship of one of your com-
mittees ?
What has this discussion disclosed? Let it
go out to the American people that the Senate
of the United States has occupied a whole day
in inquiring upon the doubtful question as to
whether one of its members answered an in-
quiry on some social occasion, not in discharge
of official duty; for it is distinctly avowed that
there is no pretense that there has been any
discourtesy, so far as official intercourse is
concerned, between the chairman of the Com.
mittee on Foreign Relations and either the
President of the United States or the head
of any of its Executive Departments. What-
ever there is of it is a personal matter; and we
are to investigate thatl Why, sir, I have no
patience to talk about it, to spend a moment's
timo in regard to it, and the very fact that ycu
have witnessed this discussion here to-day
shows the impropriety of acting upon any such
suggestion.
The Senator from Wisconsin, who inaugu-
rates this measure and advocates and presses
it, distinctly disavows that it has anything to
do with San Domingo 
Mr. HOWE. I must ask my friend from
Illinois on what authority he says that I inau-
gurate this measure?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because the Senator
moved it here, and has been its leading advo-
cate.
Mr. 110 WE. Does the Senator mean to be
understood as saying that the moving of this
list of committees was the inauguration of this
change in the committees?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am to he dtawn into
no question that goes back into caucuses or
elsewhere. Does the Senator from Wisconsin
shrink from the responsibility he has taken?
Does he deny that he has advocated it and
been its leading advocate hero ? Does he deny
thathe has championed it? If he does, let him
say so and I will excuse him.
Mr. HOWE. # Mr. President, I am not con-
scious of shrinking from any responsibility that
justly devolves on me. 1 do not deny that I
moved the resolution on your table; I do not
deny that I have advocated it. If the Senator
is pleased to call me the leading advocate or
the champion, those are mere terms on which
we can make no issue. The issue that I make
with the Senator from Illinois is upon his state-
ment that I inaugurated the measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I am happy
to find, and I congratulate the Senator from
Wisconsin, and 1 hope I may congratulate
those who are acting with him, that he is
unwilling to accept the inauguration of it. I
wish whoever has assisted hiiu would take the
same view, and we could be relieved from
this whole difficulty. It seems that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin does not wish to be
understood as having inaugurated it. I wish
all could teel as he does, and we could be
relieved of this unpleasantness.
Now, sir, that all that is in it is this personal
matter I believe stands confessed. Whatever
admiration his fellows may have for the dis-
tinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, it has
not been pretended that by previous study, by
assiduity, by knowledge of international law,
by his great experience, by his familiarity with
the diflerent languages of the earth, he is in
any way the superior of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, whom it is proposed to displace.
In all these respects, in fidelity to his country,
in fidelity to party, in fidelity to liberty, it is
not pretended that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania surpasses the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
When I say this I am not the special friend
of the Senator from Massachusetts. He and I,
during our long course of service here, have
had occasions to differ, and differ, I am sorry
to say, unpleasantly. But, sir, that will not
prevent me from trying to do justice to the
Senator from Massachusetts. I stood by him
when he was stricken down in his seat by a
hostile party, by the powers of slavery. I stand *
by him to-day when the blow comes, not from
those who would perpetuate slavery and make
a slave of every man that was for freedom, but
comes from those who have been brought into
power as much through the instrumentality
of the Senator from Massachusetts as of any
other individual in the country. [Symptoms
of applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order!
order!
Mr. TRUMBULL. But, sir, this question
has been brought before us, and now what shall
we do? I tried to avoid it. I have appealed to
my associates, and I have said to them, " We
are very much divided." I say to them now,
" We are very much divided ; a few votes one
way or the other constitutes the majority in
the Republican party ; now, is it desirable, is
it best, to force such a change with such an
opposition as has manifested itself here?"
What is to be gained by it? I will not under-
take to warn the Republican party of the con-
sequences. The Senator from Massachusetts
who has spoken upon this subject [Mr. Wil-
son] has spoken of its effect, and I would that
Senators would pause. I would that this de-
bate to-day had not occurred, that we could
have paused at the outset when we saw this
difference of opinion, and that there could
have been some concession, even to those in
the minority, which would have avoided this
state of things. Bat, sir, the majority thought
otherwise. Majorities when they have power
are apt to use it, I know, and there is a dispo-
sition to use it upon this occasion.
An effort has been made to postpone this
matter, and I frankly say to the Senator fiom
Wisconsin who opposes that motion, and I say
to the Senator from Massachusetts who pro-
poses it, that I see no good to arise out of a
postponement. It seems to me the majority
are determined to carry out this measure which
somebody, if not the Senator from Wisconsin,
has inaugurated. Now, what is it best to do ?
In my judgment, we had better bring this mat-
ter to a close; let us pursue it no further; and
I would make ail appeal to my honorable friend
from Massachusetts who made the motion to
postpone. When it is determined to carry this
thing through, I appeal to him to let us put an
end to it, and allow the vote to be taken. I
hope he will withdraw his motion to postpone
it until to-morrow, and let the list of commit-
tees be adopted, aud let us stop where we are.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether he re-
sponds to the appeal made by the Senator from
Illinois?
_Mr. TRUMBULL. Ihope the Senator will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion ; but I want a square vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amounts to the
same thing. Mr. President, no one has listened
to this discussion with more pain than I have,
because I believe that it ought not to have
been indulged iu here by any who paiticipated
in it elsewhere. It has been the custom since
I have been a member of the Senate, now
more than ten years, lor each party to arrange
the members of that party on the different
committees constituting the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. Before I became a member of the
Senate it was the common courtesv of the
Democratic Senators, then a majority of this
body, to allow the minority to fill the places
assigned to them on the committees. The
division of members of a political pariy among
the various committees was regarded as in the
liatureof a personal matter, appertaining solely
to that party, and not to be controlled or
affected by the wishes or desires of the oppos-
ing party. The assignment of the Republican*
members of this body among the different
committees properly and justly should be con-
fined to the Republican members. That has
