52
fm CON(xRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
March 10,
that I will not be bound by its decision. I
may appeal to every Senator, to every person
present, be he Democrat or Republican, for
the soundness of this position, that if I remain
there in silence, make no dissent, and take
part in the proceedings until it is closed, I am
honorably bound to abide by its decision.
Then, sir, I say this is a question for Repub-
licans to consider entirely aside from the pro-
priety of the action which was had yesterday.
Do we intend to stand by the usages of our
party or do we intend to depart from them?
Sir, a violation of the usages of the party in
this respect would have consequences of a
political character far transcending what may
be the effect of putting thi3 man or that man
at the head of any committee; for if the con-
vention is not abided by in one instance it will
not be in another; and if a solemn convention
is violated in an important particular, in a
notorious and conspicuous manner like this,
then others will not go into it the next time. They
will say, ''That is the last time that I will go
into a convention the terms of which are to be
violated;" especially, as a Senator reminds
me, a.s this is merely a personal matter. In
a political point of view, although the finding
of that convention may be an error in regard
to any personal matter, it is far better for us
to stand by it thau to take the consequences
to result from violating the convention and
thus breaking up the organization of the party.
'jfliis, then, Republican Senators, is the ques-
tion that confronts you to-night. What is the
object of postponing action upon this resolu-
tion? It is to beat it; it is to vote it down; it
is to violate the conclusion and the agreement
that we came to in that senatorial convention.
If the motion to postpone has any other pur-
pose than that, I should like to know what it
is. I have heard of no other purpose being
assigned for the postponement except to defeat
the action of this senatorial convention. But
enough on that point. That is the question
that stands before us as Republican Senators.
So far as our Democratic friends are con-
cerned, they are doubtless enjoying what has
taken place this afternoon. As party men they
would like to see us disrupt our organization.
That is quite natural, and we cannot blame
them for indulging in a hope of that sort, be-
cause they would naturally and inevitably reap
the benefits of that disruption.
I have said enough to indicate what I believe
to be the duty of every Republican Senator,
and especially of every one who went into that
convention and remained there until the end.
But I desire to saj one word in vindication
of that convention and in vindication of the
majority of it. It has been said here to-day
that there was something beyond the rea-
sons assigned by the Senator from Wisconsin
for this action ; that San Domingo lay at the
bottom of it. Allow me to enter my protest
here against that statement. So far as I know,
it is not true. I denounce it as not being true.
So far as I know, it did not influence the action
of any Senator in that convention. It is true
the unhappy differences that have arisen may
have had their origin some time'since in the
San Domingo question; that may have been
the occasion; but to say that the action which
was taken yesterday was because of that ques-
tion and to gain some advantage iu the future
consideration of, or action upon, that ques-
tion I denounce as being a mistake, so far as
I know. 1 do not know of a Senator who acted
upon that consideration.
I heard them protest that they did not, and,
believing that they are as honorable as any
other Senators, I believe that they stated what
was true. The considerations that led to this
action I will not enter upon. As 1 said before,
we, as Republicans, have passed that point.
The question for us is simply, do we intend to
stand by the usages of our party, to abide by
a senatorial convention fairly, honorably,
peacefully, and kindly held? If we do not,
that is the end of senatorial conventions, and
the consequences of the violation of the usage
we can all understand.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, only once
since I have been a member of this body have
I felt greater pain or mortification than I have
experienced to-day. Six years ago, when
Andrew Johnson was inaugurated Yiee Presi-
dent of the United States, my pain and morti-
fication were supreme. I regret exceedingly
this discussion. I regret more that the subject
of this discussion is here before us to day. It
is here against my judgment; but it is here by
the consent of a majority of my political asso-
ciates ; and in this case, as in other cases, I
yield my judgment to the decision and the
wisdom of that majority. I do not change my
(Jpinion of the policy of altering the chairman-
ship of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I still believe that it is impolitic and dangerous.
I still believe that many who are in favor of
it to-day will live to regret it; but, notwith-
standing that, as I said before, I yield my
judgment to the will of the majority of my
political associates.
Mr. WILSON. As I have renewed this
motion to postpone, I desire to say a word or
two in support of it. I have a word to say
in reply to the Senator from Indiana, and
that word is this: I feel it to be my duty as a
man, as a personal friend of my colleague,
as a member of the Republican party, and
more than all as a friend of my country, to
ask the Senate to postpone this question until
to-morrow; to sleep upon it, to consider it
carefully, and, if possible, pause before we
consummate it.
I am something of a party man; and it is
because I believe in the sublime creed of the
Republican party, and the necessity of the
triumph of its ideas in the country perma-
nently, that I wish to arrest the consummation
of an act that 1 believe is the hardest blow
ever struck at the present Administration or
the Republican party of the country. I do
not fear to say this in public. I do not agree
with the Senator from Ohio on these points.
The first thing to do in this world is to be
right, is to plant ourselves on a position on
which we can stand in sunshine and in storm.
Now, sir, a word about party obligations.
I went into the Whig national convention of
18-18 and saw the cause of liberty smitten
down, and I turned my back upon it and went
out of it. I went into a national convention
in 1855 and fought there three days for the
cause of liberty, and when that was trampled
down I helped to rend the organization that
did it, and saw it go down to rise no fhore
forever.
Sir, I am a believer in our faith and creed.
I believe that the permanent interests of the
country require our success. If I did not I
would not care much about it. I am a party
man, bound by the ordinary obligations; but
there is something higher and above the mere
dictates of a party caucus, and that by a small
majority—a minority of the Republican mem-
bers of the Senate.
Now, sir, I wish this matter to go over until
to-morrow. I wish our friends to consider
it; and then, if they on reflection think it is
best to finish this work, let them do it. There
is no harm in all that. There is no harm in
coming here and discussing these questions.
Let me say to the Senator from Indiana that
this political organization of ours was born
in thunder-storms and lightning, in the upris-
ing of the people, in the bold and brave dis-
cussion of fundamental questions, and it is not
going to perish on that account. I will tell
you, sir, where the danger is. It is in sub-
mitting, withouta word, without remonstrance,
to the little petty dictates and interests very
often of petty men. For one, I do not choose
to submit always to those things. I have
thoughts of my own, and I choose to give them
utterance and to stand by them.
Let me say to my political friends here to-
night—and in saying it I believe 1 express the
sentiments of nine tenths of the men who voted
for President Grant in 1868—that wha t has been>
resolved upon by a small majority of a caucus,
by a minority of the Republican members of
the Senate, is not right in itself, is not expe-
dient, is a political blunder, wrong in itself,
and had better be abandoned instead of being
consummated. I appeal to Senators to aban-
don it, let it alone, and let us go on our course
here. I have no anxieties about these little
petty differences between some of our men and
other officers. They have always existed in our
country. From the foundation of the Govern-
mentamong men high in political position there
have been differences. There have always been
differences among the leading men of all par-
ties. We shall have them in the Republican
party. I believe, on my conscience and "my
judgment, the Republican party, in its ideas and
principles and policy, to be the nearest right
of any political organization that ever trod this
planet; but it has in its ranks men fallible like
other men, sometimes wise and sometimes
unwise; and I do not choose, because our friends
have committed a blunder in a caucus, to close
my mouth and do what I think is wrong and
commit a blunder, withoutmaking a reasonable
protest against it. Therefore, I have renewed
this motion. I want this matter to go over
until to-morrow, and then, after we have slept
upon it, reflected upon it, thought it all over,
let the vote be taken, and we will abide the
result.
_ The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to postpone the further con-
sideration of this resolution until to-morrow,
Mr. MORTON and Mr. EDMUNDS called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 32;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, David of West
Virginia, Kelly, Sehurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Thurman. Tipton, Viekers. and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Boremau, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkline:, Corbett, Cragm, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
Itnghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan. Hitchcock, Howe,
.Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Ooborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scotc, Sherman,
Stewart. West, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Ferry of Conneotieut, Gilbert, Hamilton, Hill, Kel-
logg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Windom—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right; let us
have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I feel bound to
say a word upon this occasion. I agree with
Senators, at least it is my belief, that the influ-
ence which has produced the deposition of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts from
the chairmanship of the Committee on Foreign
Relations has not originated in San Domingo,
nor in the purpose of the Senate to bring San
Domingo into the United States as a part of
our territory; but I believe that the force, the
power that has brought the Senate to this fore-
gone conclusion originates in the White House,
and there alone. I believe that if the voice
from the White House had spoken iu favor of
the retention of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts in that position, there would
not have been the voice of a single Senaior
raised to expel him from it ; and I believe that
the proposed action of the Senate is a simple
reflection by the Senate of the will that issues
and emanates from the White House in rela-
tion to this matter.
No man has differed more frequently or more#
essentially from the course of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts since I have been
in the Senate than I myself have; but recently,
in relation to the question of the annexation
