758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
ing territory. Then the city is liable whether
the offense is committed in the city or outside
of the city, but the county is only liable where
it is committed outside of the city?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is altogether an
unsound statement, as my friend perfectly well
knows, from the beaming face with which he
sits down.
Mr. THUIiMAN. Show that it is unsound.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will. The city is not
liable at all if it is committed outside of the
limits of the city, as a city, but if the inhab-
itant of a city is also a part of the political
community known as a county, the fact thathe
is an inhabitant of a city does not discharge
him from liis responsibility to help to observe
the duties of the county, any more than it
would as an inhabitant of a State. That is the
obvious answer to that, and my friend saw it
before he sat down.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very consoling
indeed to the people of a city !
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont this question: whether the
word "riotously" there necessarily implies
three persons? The preceding sections of the
bill provide for eases where two or more per-
sons conspire. Now, I suppose that this sec-
tion is intended to cover the injury that may
be done by a conspiracy of two or more per-
sons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, in a certain sense
it is, and y.et the Senator will see that this last
section is broader as to the objects that it
embraces, as, for instance, "race, color, or
previous condition of servitude," and so on,
and is not, therefore, an exact sequence of the
first section. It takes only two to make a con-
spiracy ; it takes three to make a riot. There-
fore it might happen, under this last section,
it is true, that if two persons alone conspired
together to commit an act of destruction, and
went together to commit the act of destruc-
tion, having no accomplices or accessories at
all, this last section would not catch them.
I was about to explain, before I sat down,
the residue of our recommendation, which is
merely incidental to what I have stated, and
is merely an arrangement of sections. The
Senator from Ohio, as one reason for post-
poning this report until to-morrow, said we
had transposed the sections so that it might
change the whole nature of the bill. I will
explain what the transposition is. It is merely
to put the fifth section as it stands in the print,
which is the provision that the enactment of
this law shall not be construed to repeal former
acts except so far as they are repugnant thereto,
and the saving clauses against existing pros-
ecutions, at the end of the bill, so that those
saving clauses and non-repealing clauses shall
speak of the whole bill. That section is put
at the end as a mere matter of taste. The
other transpositions are merely to make the
figures right after putting that section at the
end.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
pleased at the report of the committee of con-
ference in many respects. It relieves the bill
of many of the difficulties which the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary made to it; indeed, of all of them I think.
The verbal amendments reported by that com-
mittee were only calculated to improve the
language of the bill, and to that no one could
make any objection, if it was to be amended
at all. The amendment in the second section
which provided for punishing a conspiracy to
injure the property of another because he was
a public officer, which has been so changed as
now to punish only the injury to the property
which, the officer is using, to prevent an assault
upon the officer or upon his property connected
with the discharge of his duties at the time,
us amended, I think there can be no objection
to. It is substantially as the bill came from
the House originally.
The third section, as we all remember, was
amended in the Senate, and changed so as to
conform substantially to the bill as it passed
the House, before it left this body.
The amendment to the fourth section, which
relates to the suspension of the habeas corpus,
continuing that suspension to the end of the
next regular session, instead of until " the 1st
day of June, A. D. 1872," seems to me to be
unimportant. Congress will probably adjourn
about that time. I do not think that is a sub-
ject that need lead to controversy.
But, Mr. President, there was added in the
Senate to this bill a section of a very import-
ant character, a section that was never dis-
cussed, the principles involved in which re-
ceived no attention whatever. The addition
of such a section under such circumstances
should admonish us all, I think, of the impro-
priety of voting upon bills of this character
under an agreement that an amendment is not
even to be explained. This important amend-
ment, asserting principles never before exer-
cised, on the part of the United States at any
rate, the Senator from Ohio who proposed it
was not permitted to explain, even by a state-
ment of what it was and what its effect was;
and the Senate was required, under our arrange-
ment which we had voluntarily made, to vote
upon it without any consideration whatever.
Now, sir, it comes before us in a modified
form on the report of the committee of con-
ference. I do not know that the report of this
committee has so changed the section as it
passed the Senate as to make it more obnox-
ious' than it was in its original form; but an
opportunity is now presented, of which I de-
sire to avail myself, to state one or two objec-
tions which occur to me as fatal to the prin-
ciple that is involved in this section ; and,
first, in regard to the phraseology of the sec-
tion. I should be glad to have the attention of
the Senator from Vermont for one moment in
reference to the section as it reads, to see what
construction he puts upon it.
Section seven, as it is now reported by the
committee of conference, so much of it as I
desire to call attention to, reads as follows :
That if any house, tenement, cabin, shop, build-
ing, barn or, granary shall be unlawfully or feloni-
ously demolished, pulled down, burned, or destroyed,
wholly or in part, by any persons riotously and
tumultuously assembled together, "! *
* in every such case the county, city, or parish,
in which any such offense—
" Such offense " itwouldbehere ; Ileaveout
other offenses—
shall be committed, shall be liable to pay full com-
pensation to the person or persons damnified by such
offense, <fco.
Now, I wish to know if that would not be
the construction of that section ; whether the
offense which I have described here, which is
in case any house is feloniously demolished by
a riotous assembly, is the whole offense, or
whether the Senator understands to be con-
nected with that the qualifying words "with
intent to deprive him of his property?" If he
does, I submit that it is not grammatically
expressed; and I question whether such would
be the judicial construction of the sentence.
The Senator will see in line eight that the clause
"with intent to deprive any person of any right
conferred upon him by the Constitution" is
connected directly with the injury to, the per-
son. and not with this injury to the property.
That reads as follows :
Or if o.ny person shall unlawfully and with force
and violence be whipped, scourged, wounded, or
killed by any persons riotously and tumultuously
assembled together, with intent to deprive any
person of any right conferred upon him by the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States.
That intent to deprive him of any right does
not grammatically refer back to the injury to
his property, and unless it does, this section,
I submit, provides for the punishment of per-
sons who riotously destroy the property of
another, without its being done with an intent
to deprive that other person of any right secured
to him by the Constitution of the United States.
I think the sentence as it is constructed would
bear no other grammatical or legal construc-
tion. Now, I insist, and I presume the Sen-
ator from Vermont would agree, that it is
not proper to pass an act punishing persons
engaged in a riot for the destruction of prop-
erty simply, if it stopped there; and that, I
submit, is all there is to the first offense de-
scribed in this section, and that you cannot,
without doing violence to the language, con-
nect the other part of the section, which de-
clares the intent with which the offense must
be committed to the person of another, with
this injury to property.
There is another objection to this section to
which I wish to call attention. As I have ,
already stated, it provides that—
If any person shall unlawfully and with force and
violence be whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed
by any persons riotously and tumultuously a.-sem-
bled together; and if such offense was committed to
deprive any person of any right conferred upon
him by the Constitution and laws of the United
States—
That is one offense—
"or to deter him from or punish him for exercis-
ing any such right, or by reason of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, in every such case
the inhabitants of thceounty, city,orparish inwhieli
any of the said offenses shall be committed shall be
liable to pay full compensation to the person or
persons, &a.
The point to which I wish to call attention
is involved in the words "or by reason of his
race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude." Now, there is nothing in the Constitu-
tion of the United States in regard to "race,
color, or previous condition of servitude" that
I am aware of. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States guaranties to all citizens the equal
right of protection wherever they are, and
guaranties the equal protection of the laws to
all persons, whether they are citizens or not.
It will be observed that here is an offense for
depriving a person of a right conferred by the
Constitution. That is the first offense. If any
person is whipped by a tumultuous assemblage
of persons with an intent to deprive such per
son of any right secured to him by the Con-
stitution of the United States, then we propose
to punish it. So far so good; but what more
do you propose to do? You propose to pun-
ish the persons who whip another whether they
violate any provision of the Constitution of the
United States or not, whether it is done with
such intent or not, if they do it on account of
a man's race, color, or previous condition of
servitude. Now, if you can punish persons for
doing an injury to a man because he is white,
or because he is black, or because he is yel-
low, why can you not punish him for an injury
done to a man because he is regarded as a mean
man, because the community do not like him,
because he is an unpopular man ? This does
not say "with intent to deprive him of any
right secured to hiin by the Constitution of the
United States," and it does not mean that, you
will see, because the previouslanguage of the
section has provided for punishing an injury
that is done to anybody with intent to deprive
him of a constitutional right, and then it goes
on to provide for punishing for an injury done
to a person by reason of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
I suppose has not overlooked the first clause
of the fifteenth amendment, because the words
quoted in that section are from the fifteenth
amendment, which provides that:
'' The right, of citizensof the United States to vote
shall not bo denied orabridged by the United Suites,
or by any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
The previous clause referred to the guaran-
tee of the fourteenth article of amendment
declaring that no State shall deny to any per-
son within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose this
was intended to refer to that at all.. That is
not the object, as I supposed ; but we have
already provided for that in another section
of the bill.
Mr, SHERMAN, Suppose a riot, a tumult
