1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
should occur merely for the purpose of pre-
venting a man from voting?
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this is not confined
to his right of suffrage. It applies to a case
where a riotous assembly commits an assault
upon a man by reason of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitude. It lias no
connection at all with voting, necessarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is connected with " a
right conferred on him by the Constitution,"
and that is the right to vote, for it says that he
shall not be abridged of the right to vote by
reason of his race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ That is true; but this
is not limited to his right to vote nor to a right
conferred on him by the Constitution at all.
It does not say anything about the Constitu-
tion in defining this offense. If the Senator
from Ohio will analyze the sentence he will
see that this is what it is: "If any person shall
unlawfully and with force and violence be
whipped by any persons, riotously and tumult-
uously assembled together, by reason of his
race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude." That is all there is to that part of the
offense.
Mr._ THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to interrupt him one mo-
ment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. In respect to voting it
will be found that that is completely covered
by what precedes the words upon which the
Senator is now commenting, because this lan-
guage precedes that: "with intent to deprive
any person of any right conferred upon him
by the Constitution and laws of the United
States, or to deter him from or punish him for
exercising any such right." That must include
voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly it is all
. provided for in those previous words so far as
any constitutional right is secured. Those pre-
vious words make it an offense to deprive any
person, 110 matter what his race, color, or pre-
vious condition, by a riot, of any right con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution. That is
one offense. That covers the whole case.
The section makes it an offense for a riotous
assembly to deprive any person of any right
secured to him by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. You have not stopped there. That
is complete. Then what else do 'you do? Then
you make it an offense for a riotous assembly
to injure a person by reason of I113 race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, whether the
right in which he is injured is secured to him
by the Constitution of the United States or
not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ^ Is it not secured to him
by the Constitution in fact and in law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not secured to him
by the Constitution except as protection is
scoured to every individual in the United
States. If you mean—but I am sure the Sen-
ator from Vermont does not mean to assert
that in this bill, though I have had some dis-
cussion with him about it, he has abandoned
that position in the bill all through, he does
not intend to assert the position that the Uni-
ted States shall go into the States of the Union
and punish for offenses not against the laws
and Const itution of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not abandoned
any such position. I never occupied any such
position in my life ; and I do not know that I
shall.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill, in my judg-
ment, before it was changed, did assert that
principle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can state your judg-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iain very glad the Sen-
ator has consented to change it so that it does
not now assert it. I am very happy to find
that the Senator has at last yielded up those
propositions that lie was so tenacious of in
the second aud third sections of the bill. He
abandoned the third section here 011 discus-
sion and gave up the principle that was as-
serted in it to undertake to enforce violations
of State laws, and now, in the committee of
conference, he has given up liis position which
lie asserted with so much force, in the second
section, when he undertook to punish an injury
doue to the property of a man because lie was
an officer. He lias abandoned that,
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the judgment of the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL, lie has changed it and
I think it is changed very materially and very
satisfactorily to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am delighted to hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now I want to per-
suade him, if I can, to take back this confer-
ence report and change this. If I have made
myself understood, Mr. President, it was all
that I desired to do. I do not propose to go
011 and argue the various provisions of this sec-
tion now, although I think such a section ought
not to have been adopted in this body without
consideration; and the Senator from Ohio,
who is the author of this provision substantially,
will see that he has provided in the previous
portion of this section for protecting all per-
sons in their constitutional rights, whether they
be rights of voting or whatever" tliey maybe,
and then he goes on to provide for punishing
offenses committed against persons by reason
of their race, color, or previous condition of
servitude. If you can do that, if you can pun-
ish an offense committed against a man be-
cause he is white or because he isblack, against
Some white man who marries a black woman,
or against some white woman who marries a
black man, if you please, if that were the case—
if 3'ou can punish a mob for getting up a riot
and driving a man off 011 that account, I want
to know if you cannot punish a mob for injur-
ing a person for any cause that may be con-
ceived of, because they want a man's property,
because they want him out of the community,
because they are "Regulators," as they had in
Nevada some time ago, as they had once in
California, and have had in all the new Terri-
tories where they have arrested desperate and
bad men and punished them—offenses against
the authority of the State and not offenses
against the laws of the United States.
Now, I think there is a principle involved
in these words that ought not to be in the bill
under any circumstances. I am against this
whole seventh section at any rate. I think it
is an improper provision to put upon the bill,
and I think there is a great force in the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from New York.
I do not know where the Government of the
United States gets the constitutional authority
to go into the States and establish police reg-
ulations. 1 do not know where the Govern-
ment of the United States gets the authority
to go into the county in which I live, or the
city or the town \vliere I may live, and compel
it to raise taxes to pay judgments, or where it
gets the authority to take money out of the
treasury of the county or town. I know of no
such constitutional authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are half a dozen
cases already decided in the Supreme Court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 know of no such
authority that the Constitution of the United
States confers upon the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I believe
I shall have to give up the idea of ever trying
to please my friend from Illinois again in legis-
lative affairs. Here was a subject about the
liability of people who interfered with an
officer or his property -while he was engaged
in the performance of his duties. I, a young
personage here, sitting at the l'eet of our legal
Gamaliel, got some ideas in his committee-
room and reported a bill to carry them out,
and made a provision which displeased him
very much. Now, when we have a conference
and I try to put a little honey over it so that it
will taste good to my old preceptor on that
subject so that he is suited with it, he show?
his ingratitude by accusing me of backing out
of some position or faith ; and what is worse
than that, what affects me still more, is the
fact that when I have got that so that if will
suit him, he finds that we have done some-
thing else so much worse that the good we
have done him about that all goes for noth-
ing. The fact is that it does seem to me for
the last few years as if my friend's political
stomach was getting a little sensitive for some
reason or other, and the moment we fix a law
so that he is satisfied with one part of it then
he discovers that some other part of it is a
a great deal worse than it was before, and ho
cannot go for it then. That is the right of my
friend, of course, and I do not blame liim for
it, because he is sincere; but in exercising
these somewhat variegated faculties he ought;
to remember that other people may have equal
sincerity iu their views with himself and may,
in their own minds, have equally good grounds
to stand upon.
So much for that. Now let us come to the
suggestion my honorable friend has made, and.
I shall only be a moment in replying to it,
because the last part of his speech I do not
intend to reply to at all, as to our constitu-
tional powers. I have already explained that
as much as I care to do. I come now to the
criticism he makes upon the first branch of
this section, and that is, that the unlawful and
riotous destruction of buildings may be pun-
ished and the county may bo made liable,
although the aet be done without any intent to
deprive persons of their constitutional rights.
I submit in all seriousness to my honorable
friend that that is an entirely erroneous con-
struction of the section. It is what would be
called in any other place a pretty severe case
of hypercritieism.
The words are consecutive. Two classes of
things are to bo done. Thefirst is the destruc-
tion of property, tlie next is injury to the
person. Then there comes a semicolon, if
we are going down to grammar, and then, fol-
lowing the semicolon, which separates both
those clauses from what follows, and which iu
another sense connects them together as a
group with what follows, it declares " with
intent to deprive any person of his rights,"
&c. Now, I think that no court, not even my
honorable friend who has adorned tho bench
hitherto, would hold that those words, "with
intent," &e., are confined to the next preced-
ing clause instead of being applicable to Urn
group of clauses, all of which precede it.
The unsoundness of that construction is, to
my mind, entirely demonstrated by going a
little further down in the same section, where,
if the construction of my honorable friend was
right, tho liability of the county, city, or par-
ish would be solely confined to cases of per-
sonal injury, and would not extend to injury
of property, and to those cases which ho him-
self says, as it reads, must be done with this
unconstitutional intent, for if those words
"with intent" are separated from the first
clause it proceeds to say "with intent to
deprive any person of any right conferred
upon him," &c., "iu every such case the city,
county, or parish shall be liable; " that is, 011
his same argument, in every such ease of whip-
ping, scourging, wounding, or killing; so that,
if his construction wore right, it would destroy
the force of the first four lines of the section
entirely; there would be 110 liability on the part
of the county. But, when you fake it Milier
separately or together, it is perfectly plain, as
a matter of construction, to my mind ; and
so plain that, although Miought of it when wo
were putting in this printed part that we agreed
to, on careful study I concluded that it was
wholly unnecessary to go to the trouble of
rewriting in again the words " with intent,"
&c,, as in the first clause ; and 1 think so still.
I do not want to take up any more of the timis
of the Senate, though.
Mr. SHERMAN, I do not wish to take up.
