760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
much time in the discussion of this subject,
and I shall confine my remarks entirely to the
last amendment referred to the committee of
conference. The first three amendments have
been sufficiently explained by the Senator from
Vermont, and there will be no controversy
about them.
When this subject was pending in the Sen-
ate, without participating in the debate on the
at all, I often inquired of myself how this law
could be enforced. We had the testimony of
, judges in North Carolina, and a multitude of
witnesses, that it was impossible, first, to get
grand juries to indict; second, petit juries
to convict; and that juries would weigh the evi-
dence and decide all doubts, and make doubts
in favor of the defendants, so that practically
it was impossible to enforce a criminal statute
either in the courts of the United States or in
the local courts.
The question then arose, what benefit was
it to create new penalties and new statutes_to
punish men when it was impossible to convict
them. This led me then to examine how
other societies and other communities had
dealt with like offenses; and when I looked
back to the origin of all our law, the source
from which- the common law is derived, I
found that about the thirteenth century the
people of England dealt with precisely the
condition of affairs we are called upon to deal
with now.
In England, during the wars that followed the
invasion of England by William of Normandy
and the long controversies between the Sax-
ons and the Normans, there was for centuries
a condition of affairs somewhat similar to the
condition of affairs in the South, namely, riot,
disorder, turbulence sustained by popular sen-
timent, and the laws were ineffective. Then
it was that the statute of Wynton, or, as it was
called, the statute of Winchester, was passed.
If you look back to the origin of this law, the
beginning of this system of legislation, you
find that the recitals of the old statute of Win-
chester stated a condition of affairs in England
very similar to that which we are legislating
about now. I will read the preamble so that
Senators may see the condition of affairs which
led first to the enunciation in a statute of the
principle of the old Saxon law that the com-
munity should be responsible for riots and
offenses of this character:
" Forasmuch as from day to day robberies, mur-
ders, burnings, and thefts bo more oiten committed
than they have been heretofore, and felons cannot
be attainted by the oath of jurors, which had rather
suffer felonies done to strangers to pass without
punishment than to indite the offenders, of whom
great part be people of the same county; or at the
least, if the offenders be of another county, the re-
ceivers be of the neighborhood; and this they do
"because an oath is not given unto the jurors; nor
in the country where the felonies were done; and as
to the restitution of damages no punishment hath
been hitherto provided in case of such concealment
and laches: Our lord, the king, for to abate the power
ot' felons, hath established a nain in this case, so
that from henceforth, for fear of the pain more than
for fear of any oath, they shall not spare any, nor
conceal any felonies. And cry shall be made in all
counties, hundreds, markets, fairs, and all other
places where solemn assembly ol people is, so that
none shall excuse himself by ignorance, that from
henceforth every country be so kept, that immedi-
ately after robberies and felonies committed, fresh
suit shall be made from town to town, and from
country to country."
That was the preamble reciting a state of
affairs very similar to the state of affairs now
existing in some portions of the South where
juries refuse to indict, where juries refuse to
punish, where the sympathy of the community
is in favor of the offender, and where the laws
are substantially a dead letter. This preamble
was followed by section two, which provided
that a hue and cry immediately be made by the
neighbors when any offense was committed:
" And if the country will not answer for the bodies
of such offenders, the pain shall be such that every
country, that is, to wit, the people dwelling in the
country, shall be answerable for the robberies done,
ana also the damages; so that the whole hundred
where the robbery shall be done,with the franchises
being within the prceinetof the samehundred, shall
be answerableior the robberies done. And if the
robbery bo done m the division of two hundreds*
both the hundreds shall be answerable, together with
the franchises which be within the precincts of them.
And after the felony or robbery done, the country
shall have no longer space than forty days, within
which forty days it shall behoove them to agree for
the robbery or offense, or else to answer for the bodies
of tho offenders."
This was the old quaint language of the
statute of Winchester, passed in 128i by the
Parliament of England in the thirteenth year
of Edward I; and from that time to this it,
in principle, has been the law of England.
This statute of Winchester was read in every
county of England four times a year with the
great charter which secured them their rights
as freemen. From the earliest English lav/
writers until this time this statute of Winches-
ter has been commended as the great preserv-
ator of law and order. I could read you from
Blackstone and from Coke, and from all other
writers on elemental law from the thirteenth
| century to this hour, to show that this statute
has been always regarded as a great conserva-
tor of the public peace. But not to dwell upon
mere matter that is contained in general prop-
ositions, I have here a recent publication,
called "Wise on Riots," giving the more
modern version of the law of England on this
subject, only one of the several statutes which
are intended to punish this class of offenses.
I have copied the operative words of the Eng-
lish law now into the bill that is before us:
"That if any church or chapel/' &c, * *
* "or any house, stable, coach-house, out-
house, warehouse, office, shop, mill," &c—
describing in general language every kind of
property—
"shall be feloniously demolished, pulled down, or
destroyed, wholly or in part, by any persons riotously
and tumultuously assembled together, in everysuch
case the inhabitants of the hundred, wapentake,
ward, or other district' in the nature of a hundred,
by whatever name it shall be denominated, in which
any of the said offenses shall be committed, shall be
liable to yield full compensation to the person or
persons damnified by the offense, not only for the
damage so done to any of the subjects hereinbefore
enumerated, but also for any damage which may at
the sametiiae.be done by any such offenders to any
fixtures, furniture, or goods whatever in any such
church, chapel, house, or other of the buildings or
erections aforesaid."—7 and 8 George IV, chapter 31,
section 1.
The operative words of this English statute,
passed in 1828, which is the last statute I find
on the subject, are contained in this amend-
ment. Chief Justice Denman, in a decision
made soon after-this law took effect, describes
the result of this class of legislation on the
preservation of peace and law in England. In
his opinion in the Nottingham riots cases, he
says:
"The object of the second section of this statute
is to make it the interest of all the inhabitants of a
district to exert themselves in the timely suppres-
sion of riotous assemblies, and in the prevention of
the serious loss that such assemblies may cause to
the particular individuals who are the first victims
of their lawless outrage, and not to stand quietly
by, either through fear or indifference, while the
property of a neighbor is destroyed, and the rioters
acquire that increase of strength which always
accompanies unrestrained violence, until the evil
extends itself and in the end falls upon the heads
of those by whose forbcaranco the strength and
power of mischief were permitted to increase."
That is the opinion of Lord Denman. Now
in our own country the principle of this old
statute of Winchester has been very generally
copied. The latest case—and it is a very long
case, forty or fifty pages containing a summary
of the whole matter—I find in 4. New York
Reports of the court of appeals, Darlington
vs. ■The Mayor of the City of New York. This
was a suit by one injured by the mob in 1803 j
in the city of New York, the mob whose his- '
tory was so disgraceful to our country. The
city of New York was compelled to pay the
damages done by this mob. It was held that
the law of the State of New York, which was
substantially the law of the old hundred and
similar in its general features to this seventh
section, was constitutional. The point was
made first that it was not passed by the requi-
site majority of the Legislature of New York;
and second that it was in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States besause it de-
prived persons of property without due process
of law. It was contended, as this was a judg-
ment against the county, the private property
of an individual could not be taken from him
without due process of law.
These points were elaborately argued, all the
authorities were cited pro and con, and on all
the points the case was decided in favor of the
plaintiff, all the judges concurring except one,
who based his dissenting opinion upon the
distinction between a city and a county. He
admitted that a county might be made liable
for these injuries, but claimed that a city was
rather in the nature of a civic government, and
drew a distinction, rather refined, it seems to
me, between a city and a county, and insisted
that a city could not be made responsible,
while a county could be.
So far as the constitutional objection is con-
cerned, I do not think there is any force in it.
The United States have the same power of
legislation to punish riots, where those riots
seek to deprive a man of a right conferred by
the Constitution of the United States, that any
State can have. We have a right by appro-
priate legislation to secure every man in the
equal enjoyment of his rights, to secure every
man in the rights guarantied to him by the
Constitution of the United States. JVe have
the express power to pass appropriate legisla-
tion tending to that result, and it is held by the
courts that Congress is the judge and the sole
judge of what is appropriate. If a State may.
to secure the peace and quiet and good order
of its citizens, pass a law making a county or
a portion of the people responsible for a riot
in order to deter such crime, then we may pass
the same remedies and use the same means to
enforce and secure to our citizens the rights
conferred in the Constitution of the United
States. This is not only appropriate legisla-
tion, but it is sanctioned by the precedents of
centuries of successful laws.
It is not necessary to elaborate this matter
or go into a general argument. I take it that
Congress may by appropriate legislation do
anything it can to secure to every man the
equal enjoyment of his rights in this country,
and that we have the right certainly to pass
such laws as have been sanctioned not only by
the Parliament of England, but by the legis-
lative authorities of this country to put down
riots aimed at the authority of the United
States.
It is true that an ordinary riot in not one
ease out of one hundred would come within
this language ; but if the riot is aimed at the
authority and Government of the United States,
at the power of the United States to protect
its citizens, then we may aim against that riot
and those rioters, and the people among whom
they live and who encourage them, the satire
power that could be exercised by a State to
punish or put down that riot or to provide a
remedy for the person who has been wronged.
Mr. President, there are only one or two
points of critical exception that have been
made to this amendment. Tho first made by
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbuij.] I
think has been answered. In the amendment
as it originally stood the words were "and
if such offense so committed to deprive any
person," &e. That would clearly avoid the
objection made by him; but, after all, it is a
mere question of punctuation, it is a very nar-
row point. Clearly the intent refers to and
would be held to embrace either of the two
offenses that precede the words '' with intent.''
At any rate, it is a mere question of punctu-
ation, and the Senator from Vermont in draw-
ing it out has carefully so punctuated that it
seems to me no court could separate the first
offense from the intent pointed out in the
eighth line., I think this is, therefore, rather
a captious criticism.
The other point seemed to have more weight.
He contends that the words "by reason of his
race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude " would extend the power of the Got-
