54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 13) to prescribe an
oatb of office, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Com mittee on the J udiciarj when appointed,
and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. MOREY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 14) for the better
organization of thedistrict courts of the United
States within the State of Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary when appointed,
and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. MOREY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 15) for the re-
moval of political disabilities ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary when appointed, and
ordered to be printed.
MONROE LAND DISTRICT, LOUISIANA.
Mr. MOREY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bid (H. R. No. 16) to reestablish
the Monroe land district in the State of Louisi-
ana; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands when appointed.
MESSAGE If ROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
SON, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had, in the absence of the Vice President,
chosen Hon. He.yry B. Anthony, a Senator
from the State of Rhode Island, to be Pres-
ident of the Senate pro tempore.
ORDIfilt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MOREY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution 
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to make a proposi-
tion to the Rouse, that by general consent the
States and Territories be called as on Mondays
for bills and joint resolutions to be referred to
the several committees when appointed.
Mr. DICKEY. And not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider.
'Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Niblack] may renew his proposi-
tion after the resolution which the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. MoiieyJ desires to offer
has been disposed of.
MISSISSIPPI LEVEES.
Mr. MOREY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
llemlved. That a special committee, to consist of
five members of this ilouse. and to be known as the
Committee on Mississippi Levees, bo appointed by
the bpeaker, whose duty it shall be to examine and
consider the subject of the construction and main-
tenance of a complete and effective system of levees
on the Mississippi river for the redemption and pro-
tection of alluvi.il lands from overflow, and albo
what action, it ji ny, should bo taken by Congress.
_ lUsohfd further % That said committee be author-
ised to sit during the rccessof Congress, and to report
by bill or otherwise at the next session of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
strike out the last part of the resolution,
Ihe SPIiiAKhiii. The resolution requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORkY. I will state that it involves
no expense whatever to the Government. There
is not a dollar to be expended. The commit-
tee will sit at their own expense. The mem-
bers will he all receiving salaries.
Mr. CREBS. Well, put thatinthe resolution.
^ 1 he SPliiAIvEiIl. ^ The gentleman might
insert in the resolution the words "but not
at any expense to the Government."
Mr. MOHEY. I will agree to that modifi-
cation.
Mr. DAWES. I am afraid it will have to
select committee indeed. [Laughter.]
_ There being no objection to the resolution,
it was agreed to.
Jlr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
bj winch the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSTRUCTION OF BRIDGES.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 17) to author-
ize and regulate the construction of bridges
across the Mississippi, Missouri, and Ohio
rivers ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce
when appointed.
CARRIAGE OF PASSENGERS IN STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. FINKELNBURG also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. li. No. 18) to
amend an aet entitled "An act to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels," approved March 3, 1865; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce when appointed.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order
of business. We shall be all day doing this
miscellaneous business.
Mr. N1 BLACK. I desire now to renew my
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York demands the regular order.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. _ I ask unanimous consent to
haye put upon its passage a deficiency bill,
which provides for several items which were
dropped out of the regular appropriation bill
by accident.
Mr. COX. What! more deficiencies? Was
there ever such a Government? Deficiencies
all the time!
The bill, making appropriations for the pay-
ment of additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes,
was read for information.
The first section appropriates the following
sums in order to carry into effect the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act granting pen-
sions to certain soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers,"
approved February 15, 1871 :
For payment during the remainder of the present
fiscal year of two clerks of class three, four clerks
ot class two, nineteen clerks of class one, and three
assistant messengers in the Pension Office, to bo
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior, $14,940.
lor otiice rent and furniture and contingent ex-
penses of said office for the same period, $13,500.
lor the payment during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, of four clerks of class three, eight
clerks of class two, forty-eight clerks of class one,
and four assistant messengers in said office, to be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior. $78,030.
.tor office rent, furniture, stationery, and contin-
gent expenses of said oflice during the said year,
$7,000.
The section further provides that nothing in
any act contained shall be construed to alter |
or amend the act entitled " An act to define
the duties of pension agents and prescribe the
manner of paying pensions, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 8, 1870, but the pro-
visions of said act are declared to be in full
force and effect, and applicable to the prose-
cution of claims to pensions and to the pay-
ment of pensions as they may be allowed
under any or all the various acts of Congress
granting^the same. The second section appro-
priates $0,525, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the salary for the remainder
of the present and for the next fiscal year of
the Assistant Attorney General, authorized to
be appointed by the act of the last session of
Congress. The third section appropriates the
following sums:
To supply a deficiency in tbe appropriation for
the contingent expenses of the IIouso of Represent-
atives for the present fiscal year, the same to be
added to the appropriation tor miscellaneous items,
•p5,U(W.
To supply deficiencies for the present fiscal year
as follows:
For clerks and messengers in the office of the
TO I"" Treasurer at Baltimore, $6,760.
™ or Clerks and messengers in the office of Assistant
Treasurer at Cincinnati, $5,250.
l' orelerks and messengers iu the office of Assistant
ireasurer at Chicago, $1,100.
messengers in theofficeof Assistant
-treasurer at Louisville, $800.
It further provides that in addition to the
clerks authorized by the act approved May 5,
18G0, the Secretary of the Interior is author-
ized and empowered to promote from clerks
of class one employed in the Census Office
three to be clerks of class four, seven to be
clerks of class three, and fifteen to be clerks
of class two, and appropriates the sum of
$7,600 to pay the increased salaries; provided
that no increase in the total number of clerks
employed in the said bureau shall be deemed
to be authorized, and that the authority for
such additional clerkships of the second, third,
and fourth class shall terminate one year irom
date. It further provides that there shall be
appropriated for the purpose of carrying out
the stipulations of the treaty of July 20, 1803,
between the United States of America and his
Majesty the king of Belgium, providing for
the payment of interest in the matter of the
capitalization of the Scheldt dues, being a de-
ficiency in the appropriations for the payment
of the seventh annual installment due the Gov-
ernment of Belgium under said treaty, April
1, 1871, and the eighth annual installment due
April 1, 1872, $12,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary. The total sum appropriated
by the bill is $141,555.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 19) was received and read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COX. I would like 10 know the neces-
sity of this deficiency bill at this time. My
friend from Maryland [Mr. Archer] informs
me that the last Congress appropriated nothing
at all for the depository in Baltimore.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
how this comes about. The firstitem, which is
for the additional clerks in the Pension Office,
is rendered necessary by a bill passed Febru-
ary 14, 1871, allowing pensions to the soldiers
of 1812. The estimate for the additional force
absolutely necessary to carry out that law did
not reach us until the appropriation bills had
all passed out of the House. They were
directed to the acting chairman of the Com-
mittee of Appropriations of the Senate, but
in the hurry of business at the close of the
session they were not inserted.
To the next item I would like to have the
particular attention of the Ilouse: thatis,fora
deficiency in the contingent fund of the Ilouse.
It is scarcely ten days since we passed a bill
giving $15,000 additional to the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives, it is
due to the Clerk of the House that I should
state why there is another deficiency at this
time. Since the passage of that act there has
been allowed to gentlemen not entitled at all
to seats in the Ilouse the additional sum of
ten thousand and odd dollars; making a gross
sum of $114,374 85 paid by resolutions of the
House, from time to time, to gentlemen who
the House has decided have no right to a
dollar of it. We have added about ten thou-
sand dollars to that sum since the last defi-
ciency was appropriated for, and that creates
the necessity "for this sum of $5,000, which is
the next item in this bill.
The item for the Scheldt dues is the differ-
ence between the payments under the treaty
in currency and in gold, varying at different
times because of the difference iu the rates of
exchange. That has created a necessity for
about six thousand dollars to make up what
we have agreed to pay under the treaty with
Belgium tor the capitalization of the Scheldt
dues.
The next item is for the salary of an
Assistant Attorney General, which office Con-
gress created by law after the appropriation
bills had passed out of the House!
1 he next item is for the salaries of the
several officers in the sub-Treasury in Balti-
more and in some of the other sub-Treasuries ;
which item dropped out of the deficiency bill
while in committee of conference.
