58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
petition, and whereby we shall illustrate the
idea of the greatest good to the greatest num-
ber by the greatest liberty of trade.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Chairman, I represent
on this flcor a district largely interested in the
manufacture of salt; and while I say that, it
is proper I should add also that I am not per-
sonally interested in that manufacture. I have
listened to the debate on this question with
some interest, for the purpose of discovering,
if possible, good and valid reasons for the
attempt which is being made to strike down
one of the industrial interests of the country,
by placing salt upon the free list.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the cost of salt has
at all been increased under the present rate of
duty, there would be much force in the prop-
osition put forth; but the truth is, and it can-
not be denied, to-day, with the present rate of
duty on salt, it is cheaper in every market in
the United States.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Except St. Louis.
Mr. DUELL. Without any exception, in
1860, when the duty on salt was merely nom-
inal or almost nothing at all. I therefore
object, Mr. Chairman, to the attempt being
made to single out this one industrial interest
and make that the subject of legislation. An
attempt has been made to prejudice the minds
of members of this House against a corpor-
ation in my district known as the Salt Com-
pany of Onondaga. It is said that it is a great
monopoly, and that by its act it has increased
the price of salt throughout the land. I deny
that assertion. It is true that during the war,
in consequence of the closing of the Kanawha
salt-works and the great depression in other
salt manufacturing districts of the country,
^the Onondaga company did succeed in mak-
ing money; but I assert what I know to be
true, that during the last two years the Onon-
daga Salt Company have lost money. In 1870
they lost more than two hundred and ninety-
four thousand dollars. And let me say to the
members of this committee in behalf of this
company that if salt is placed on the free list
the Onondaga Salt Compauy, which gives em-
ployment to more than fifteen thousand men,
whose interests are identified with the pros-
perity of a large portion of the country, must
btop its business.
In connection with this subject, I desire to
send to the Clerk's desk and have read a report
made by the secretary of this salt company
within a few days past, which shows the pre-
cise condition of the manufacture of salt in
that district.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Superintendent of the Onondaga Salt Spring*:
Sir : You have communioated to U3 a resolution
of the honorable tho Assembly, under date of Feb-
ruary 10.1871, and requesting, if we thought proper,
to answer such questtons as to our business which
were contained in said resolution. Wo most re-
spectfully submit tho following answer, and will
ehceil'uliy, if requested, answer in detail and verify
the same in any manner that muy reasonably be
required:
Value of salt property used by company. 83,703 866
Original oash capital in 1850  103,0110 00
Capital raised in 1865  320,000 00
^Capital raised in 1ST0   1,250,000 00
Profit of wholebusiness for eleven years..$2.745.520 03
Losses for I860  $12,439 27
Losses for 1870  291,395 87
  306,835 14
52,438,684 89
Owing to the difficulty of a continuous supply
and the cost of coal in the open market we early
obtained a coal mine, and as the results of our econ-
omy, by contrasting the cost to us with tho open
market price of coal in quantities, we have made or
saved as actual profit on coal used by the company,
$1.607,149 67; profit on sale of coal lease, $510,000;
profit on sale of Chicago docks, $94,054 50; total,
$2,211,204 17. Actual profit oil salt lor e'even years,
$227,480 72; or on fin original cash capital, the sum
of 14.06 per cent, per year.
" This capital is only the amount of cash put up by
the manufacturers cooperating for tho purpose of
carrying on their business; therefore we should add to
profits on cash, which is $226,489 72, rents paid on an
average valuation of 83,703,666 40, ยง4,516,899 49; the
whole amount paid, $4,744,380 21; or on oash capital
and property per year, 12i per cent.
The above statement is the result of the wholo
business, including all demands, whether cash or
stock, and all surplus of every kind and description.
The actual cash market value of the permanent
works or salt property leased_ to the company is this
day over four and a half million dollars, but put in
this statement at the average value upon which rent
has been paid for the last eleven years, or at $800,000
less than the actual cash value.
The amount of the profits on the business of the
company to the extent of more than three fifths of
the whole were made during the years of the war.
In 1869 the profits were very small, and in 1870 there
was an actual loss of $294,395 87.
Our hills payable and borrowed money account
have averaged annually over four hundred thousand
dollars, and for the past year were largely over that
amount.
"We have made and marketed in tho eleven years
of our existence 84,385,695 bushels of salt, or 7,671,420
bushels per year.
There was made for the eleven years previous
to and including 1859 60.886,320 bushels, or 5,489.665
bushels per year, or an average annual excess dur-
ing the last eleven years of 2.181,761 bushels.
In the manufacture of salt by tho various individ-
uals grsat care has been always taken to regulate
the price by the cost of coal and labor, and no profit
has been allowed over or even equal to a fair com-
pensation for individual superintendence, (and in
some instances there has been an absolute loss in
manufacturing.) it being generally understood that
the individual manufacturer should look only to the
general results of rent and dividends for his profits.
J. W. BARKER,
Secretary of the Salt Company of Onondaga.
Mr, RANDALL. I move, after the word
"salt," to insert the words "tea and coffee."
I had hoped, Mr. Chairman, that this subject
of the tariff would have been considered in
some comprehensive manner if touched upon
at all at this session, that any reductions which
were to be made should be reductions embra-
cing all the articles upon which duty is levied,
or else, in the absence of time at this session,
that some general percentage of reduction
should be made, say a reduction of ten per
cent, upon the present tariff, so that there
should be equal fairness to every interest. I
supposed in the event of such a proposition
being made that I should, as a PenriHylvanian,
have been compelled to yield to the general
demands of the country.
But I do protest against this class legislation,
this proposition to select out from the tariff
certain articles and to abolish the duties on
them in a way calculated to injure particular
sections without bringing any corresponding
benefit to the whole country. The proposition
now is to put coal upon the free list. You
have been informed that eoal yielded to the
Government in the shape of revenue about five
hundred thousand dollars during the last year.
That is about a cent and a quarter or a cent
and a half for each person living in theUnited
States. Now, my proposition is, if we are to
touch any of these burdens, to touch theburden
which is most excessive, and which is the most
far-reaching in its operation.
The tax upon tea and coffee as compared
with the tax upon coal is extravagant beyond
measure. The amount realized from tea is
about ten million dollars ; the amount real-
ized from coffee is about twelve million dol-
lars. These two articles yield about twenty-
two million dollars of revenue. I ask, then,
why do not those advocates of reform in con-
nection with the revenue on both sides of the
House, who have shown such zeal, commence
with these large burdens of taxation and let
the smaller ones go for the present?
The tax upon tea and coffee is fifty-three
cents for every inhabitant of the country,
while, as I have said, the tax upon coal is but
a cent and a quarter. I must take issue with
my distinguished colleague from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] when he tells us that the reve-
nues of the country will not bear any reduc-
tion. I wish to direct the attention of the
committee to a portion of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in which he states
the receipts of the last fiscal year as amount-
ing in round numbers to $411,000,000, while
the expenditures were $309,000,000.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to say that he has misapprehended me ? I
did not deny 
Mr. RANDALL. I do not wish to misrep-
resent my colleague. But my lime is too lim-
ited for interruptions.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not deny that a re-
duction should and could be made, but I
thought it inopportune now.
Mr. RANDALL. Theestimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the receipts for the
coming fiscal year are $820,000,000, while his
estimates of expenditures are something like
ยง009,000,000. A little further on, however, he
tells us:
"It may therefore be reasonably anticipated that
tho total reduction of the public debt during the
next fiscal year, including payments on account of
the sinkingfund, will beaboutfifty million dollars."
My proposition is to take $22,000,000 of
taxes off of that $50,000,000, and leave nearly
thirty million dollars to go to the payment of
the public debt; a sum, in my judgment, quite
equal to the ability of the people to pay each
year, and an amount which will, in sufficient
time, pay our public debt.
One word more. Coal is stricken at here.
It is stricken at as affecting but three States,
namely, the State of West Virginia, the State
of Pennsylvania, and the State of Maryland.
Aud who will be benefited by the repeal of the
duty on coal? It will really benefit, so far as
I am able to learn or to comprehend, the peo-
ple who are manufacturing who are nearest
or most accessible to the importation of the
Nova Scotia coal, and the gas companies rep-
resented largely by my distinguished friend
from New York, [Mr. Cox.] The question
is, should the great interests of the States I
have named be so stricken for the benefit of
these corporations and of these manufacturers
in the East?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe the
first amendment pendingto the measure now
before the committee is to add eoal to the free
list. I can hope to do but little more than to
state the facts in regard to the coal trade as I
find them in the last official report, which came
in a few days since, and let the members of
the committee see for themselves how those
facts bear to the question of repealing the duty.
During the eleven months ending the 30th
of November, 1870, there were shipped into
the United States 424,193 tons of foreign coal;
and there were shipped out of this country to
other countries 254,620 tons of American coal.
The coal we imported was all bituminous.
We exported 98,000 tons of bituminous coal
and 150,000 tons of anthracite. Comparing
values, the coal which we imported was val-
ued at the custom-house at $1,089,301; and
our exports of both kinds of coal were valued
at $1,351,872. The amount exported was
valued at $282,571 more than the amount
imported. So far, then, as the coal trade of
this country with foreign countries is con-
cerned it is about a stand-off. There was a
sort of natural reciprocity in the trade. We
sold over the line at one place and bought over
the line at another.
Now, what are the facts, so far as the Treas-
ury is concerned? Daring the fiscal yearend-
ing the 30th of June, 1870, the whole amount
of coal brought into this country from ab/oad
was valued at ยง1,112,000, on which there was
paid into the Treasury a re venue of $521,578 10.
This was about forty-seven per cent, on the
gold valuation of the coal. Now, I desire to
ask the members of this committee whether,
under thecircumstances of this trade, as herein
exhibited, they think it worthwhile to levy on
those portions of this country that buy their
coal from abroad for use forty seven per cent,
in gold on the fuel they use?
I was surprised at a remark of the distin-
guished gentleman from Michigan,[Mr.Bl-.Ain,.]
He asserted that there is no one item in the
whole tariff that can stand alone on its own
merits, but that all must be taken in a lump
