1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
in order to stand ; that coal must take salt by
the hand, and they two must take something
else by the hand, and thus all interests unite
their forces before they can make a stand
before the country. If this remark be true it
strikes a blow at the whole tariff system; a
blow I am not willing to strike. I am unwill-
ing to admit that bad taxes ought to be tied to
good ones, and thus be kept afloat. But I
desire to ask gentlemen whether, considering
the odium that the whole tariff has to bear in
consequence of this duty on coal, they think it
wise to perpetuate this tax, which is of so little
value either to the country or the Treasury.
I think it unwise to continue this duty on coai,
and I am therefore in favor of its repeal 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. BURDETT. I have stood recorded for
many months as in favor of the reduction of
the tariff upon the article of salt. I have no
disposition to change that record, and shall
not do so whenever I have occasion to vote.
But. I do most earnestly deprecate the move-
ment which is being made in that direction at
this time, and in the particular method in which
it is now made. And my reasons for that dep-
recation are these: the voting thus far had upon
this question has made it manifest (and we
may as well plainly say it at once) that the
advocates of so-called revenue reform are in a
majority upon this floor; and this movement,
made in this way, in this particular method,
is notice given to all the industries of the whole
land that the time has come when, not by a
general oveihauling of the tariff, not in a fair
and open baUle upon the subject, but by a
nibbling process, by a bushwhacking process,
any and all of t.be best industries of the coun-
try are to be smitten, one by one, and public
confidence throughout the whole land wrecked
upon it. Against that thought, against that
purpose, it is my desire to protest. So far
as coal is concerned I care naught about it;
nobody that 1 represent is in the least inter-
ested in the matter. But I watch with con-
siderable interest those gentlemen from the
West whose staple for many years has been
denunciations of greedy New England; I watch
with peculiar interest the solemn throng as
they pass between the tellers in support of
tins proposition to give New England another
little bite.
Now, 1 do not propose to join in that sort
of legislation. So far as the article of coal
itself is concerned, I see nothing in this move-
ment to repeal the duty on that article, save a
fight to be made upon those who endure the
perils of the mines in this country. I hear
that to-day forty thousand Pennsylvania miners
are struggling against the monopoly of the
mine-owners and the monopoly of the coal
transporters. Yet the men who are generally
loud in advocacy of the poor and their
cause are gathering in cohorts here to help
smite the very men who are now engaged in a
struggle against monopoly. Sir, I will not aid
to smite those men any such blow ; neither do
I care for the special benefit of a few New
England'manufacturers, of a few mine owners
in Pictou, of that most invidious of all monop-
olies, the Manhattan Gas Company—I do not
care to become the supporter of their interests.
Therefore, if the question cin be divided, I
will vote against taking off the duty on coal,
and will vote for taking off the duty on salt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have been sur-
prised at the opposition made on this floor 
The CB AIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWOllTH. 1 renew the amend-
ment. The first objection we hear, and one
that is universally reiterated by all who oppose
this bill, is that it does not come in the proper
form and shape; the shape of the bill does
not suit them ; that we should wait until they
could remodel the whole tariff, and by a gen-
eral bill, by a system of general legislation,
remodel and adjust those duties to suit the
different interests of the country.
Sir, we had some experience last summer of
that sort of legislation, when we debated here
for two or three monthsageneral tariff bill, which
finally was laid upon the table by a very large
majority of the votes upon this floor. And we
have had some further experience in this mat-
ter. The Committee of Ways and Means sat
here through the entire last session of the
last Congress incubating ; and at length it
brought forth one single revenue measure.
What was it? To repeal the income tax,
a tax which no man pays unless he has an
income of more than two thousand dollars a
year over and above his expenses.
We heard no outcry then from the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] who is the advocate of a high tariff
on all occasions, against the introduction of a
particular measure of that sort. We beard no
advocacy on this floor of a general revenue
measure. Oh, no ; that bill would repeal a
tax which those monopolists and manufactur-
ing companies now have to pay.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this experience I think
must have taught the gentlemen of this House
that if we are to commence reform at all we
must do it item by item. We can never do it
by forming a "ring," because the "ring"
will be too great.
Another objection—and I heard it with some
surprise when it was urged on this floor yester-
day—is that we have a high commission now
in session which will regulate this tariff. All
I have to say on that subject is that I was not
before aware that we had submitted to any high
commission the question of adjusting our tariff.
I had supposed that it was the duty of the legis-
lators of the country to regulate the tariff, and
that there had been appointed no high com-
mission to whom we had submitted this ques-
tion.
Finally, objection is made that we shall by
this bill diminish the revenue, and this objec-
tion comes from gentlemen who were willing
to dispense with the ten or twelve millions of
revenue derived from the income tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPBER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, I have the honor to represent on this
floor a district very largely interested in the
coal trade; and, sir, in Pennsylvania the Re-
publican party calls itself the protective tariff
party. Hence I was somewhat surprised to
witness the scene presented upon this floor
yesterday, when a Republican from the State
of Maine introduced the bill now before the
House to assail this great industry of Pennsyl-
vania; and I was pained to see following in
the lead of that Republican Democratic mem-
bers of this House from the western States
The existing tariff on coal is imposed only
upon bituminous coal; and of that kind of
coal I venture to say there is very little, if
any, bought or sold in the western States.
What these gentlemen from the West are to
gain by their course on this subject, except to
strike down their friends and the interests of
their friends upon this floor, I am at a loss to
perceive.
But, sir,, I know well what the shrewd gen-
tlemen from New England propose to gain by
the repeal of the duty upon coal. The coal
of Nova Scotia is mined by New England cap-
ital; and this bill simply means the striking
down of Pennsylvania capital and Pennsylva-
nia interests and the building up of New Eng-
land capital and New England interests ; and
in that unholy effort, I regret to say my polit-
ical friends of the West seem only too anxious
to join.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I protest against this
manner of legislation. Here is one of the
great, vital, and controlling interests of the
country; yet, without discussion, without de-
liberation, without any notice to the country,
after over one hundred million dollars of capi-
tal and perhaps thirty or forty thousand men
are engaged in this business, that capital is
in this hasty manner to be struck down, those
men are to be turned out of employment.
What will be the result? Upon the successful
carrying on of the coal business in my State
depends not only the prosperity of thirty or
forty thousand miners, but upon the prosperity
of those miners depends the prosperity of the
merchant, the farmer, and the mechanic.
Hence, assailing this interest, as you propose
to do by the passage of this bill, you assail
not only the capital but the industry, the labor
of Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Maryland. Jn the interest and in the name of
the people of my State I protest against this
measure ; and I say to my political friends here
that^if they want to lose to the Democracy of
the nation the State of Pennsylvania all thev
have to do is to join hands with the shrewder
Republican free-traders from New England
and strike down this great interest in our State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr.^ STEVENSON. I move to amend by
inserting before the word " shall" the follow-
ing: "and lumber, timber, and wood of all
kinds." Mr. Chairman, we accept the pend-
ing proposition to place Soal and salt on the
free list as an earnest of future concessions to
public sentiment. We are especially obliged
to the gentleman from Maine and those who
move him. These two little tubs, if thrown
from the Republican party, sorely tossed on
the rising storm of public opinion, might do
something to save the Jonah of prohibition.
But who expects this measure to pass at the
present session? Who expects any good from
this session ? It seems to have come into ex-
istence merely to elect officers, and that hav-
ing been accomplished satisfactorily to suc-
cessful candidates, and according to preordin-
ation of controlling rings, what remains for us
but to close our desks and go home?
Still we are not without consolation, for
even if these little bills should not get out of
this committee during the present session—
which is highly probable—their introduction
and discussion will do good, for they will be
pending in the committee when we return in
December next, and we can amend them to
conform to public opinion ; adding to the free
list such articles, and reducing the rates on
others, as we may deem proper. And this
opportunity will be of great value, because the
bills will not be subjected to the oideal of a
standing Committee of Ways and Means; and
thus they may escape that process of strangu-
lation by which several popular measures per-
ished in the last Congress, so celebrated for its
sins of omission.
The dangers which will environ, any liberal
movement after the appointment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are foreshadowed
by the prophetic utterance of the high priest
of prohibition, Mr. Kelley, of Pennsylvania,
who in the debate on yesterday said, as h'e is
reported in the Globe:
"Sir, between new and the 1st of December Itut
few people can suffer in either of these coinmo'ditie*.
We wilt then have ourselves properly org imz"d.
The Speaker of the House will carefully adjust the s
Committee of Ways and Means."
Certainly, a gentleman so well informed
would not speak so assuredly without warrant.
We shall be " properly organized," and how
can we be "properly organized" accordingto
that gentleman's views unless organized in his
interest? "The Speaker will carefully adjust
the Committee of Ways and Means." " Care-
fully adjust!" The whole country understands
what the gentleman means. We almost hear 'uis
deep bass voice, speaking as the organ of the
new standing Committee of Ways and Means,
stubbornly breasting the tide of public senti-
ment.
This gentleman is the central figure and mas
terof theringofringsby which the organization
and legislation of this House have long been con-
trolled. He is the gentleman who wields the
lash, the crack and cut of which are so terrible
