1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
cities or counties or other political subdivis-
ions within the States. Why, sir, I shall be
content to leave such a question as that to the
people of the towns, even of New England.
We know what those towns are, what a part
they have played in the growth of the Govern-
ment and the liberties of that people. Philo-
sophic foreigners have grown eloquent over
the towns of New England, as the nurseries of
freedom, as the fundamental repositories of
self government. It is the township system
of New England that has won for her from the
eloquent Frenchman who wrote so much and
so well upon our country, De Tocquevilie, the
praise that New England in her local organ-
ization by towns was politically the most
thoroughly democratic of republics. What is
to become of the township organization there,
or anywhere, if judgments such as this section
provides for can strip their treasuries bare
and leave them destitute of the frugal means
whereby they exist?
How is such legislation justified? I put
away, as unworthy of a moment's attention,
the plea that it is necessary to preserve the
peace. There is no soundness nor substance
in the plea. It amounts to nothing whatever.
As well might you say that because disorders
exist in one place you should take away all
means of preserving order in other places.
So, because law and order have been violated
in a portion of the southern States, all the
States should be so dealt with that they may,
in their counties, be deprived of the usual
means, indeed of all means, to maintain peace,
order, or law throughout the rest of the coun-
try ! I am unable to comprehend how anybody
can seriously present such a plea for this bill.
I put it aside as unworthy of consideration.
An cxcuse is offered for it that it is borrowed
from a law of England, a law which it is said
has been in force there since the early Saxon
times, and has been found to work well. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] really be-
came quite enthusiastic over the visions of
restored peace, order, happiness, prosperity,
and freedom which were to llow from the
adoption of his section. I am not certain that
he was quite fair to the rest of the bill, but
this section was the bright, particular star,
according to his remarks, of the whole system
of pains, penalties, remedies, and repressions
contained in the bill.
Now, sir, why should any Senator deliber-
ately propose as a reason for adopting this
section in this country the assertion that a
similar law lias been in force in England for
a great many years, and with good effects?
Granting al! that, it proves nothing. The facts
existing in England and the facts existing in
the United States are not the same. They arc
widely different. Let us see for a few moments.
The law of the hundred was in force in Eng-
land at a time when society was struggling for
an organization.
Mr. COLE. Will my colleague suspend his
remarks until I can make a report from a con-
ference committee? The House are now with-
out business and are waiting for one of these
bills to act upon, and this we can give them,
I think, without any debate whatever. I am
so informed.
Mr. CASSEULY. Certainly, I yield.
Sir. EDMUNDS. 1 hope the Senator from
California nearest me will not interrupt my
friend farthest from me in finishing his remarks,
so that they be consecutive.
Mr. CASSEKLY. I have no objection.
Mr. COLE. My colleague has no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I prefer that the Senator
fioin California farthest off [Mr. Casseuly]
should not be interrupted until he is through.
Then the Senator from California nearest me
[Mr. Cole] may make his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IIar-
lax in the chair.) This can be done only by
unanimous consent, and the Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object for the present.
I do not think my friend from California farthest
from me ought to be interrupted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am again indebted to
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] for
his interposition in my behalf. I presume I
should be especially obliged to the Senator
from Vermont for his interposition to protect
me from interruption by my colleague. I
have been a great deal more interrupted by
loud conversation during the last fifteen min-
utes than I was by the request of my colleague.
In yielding to his request, I supposed that a
report from a committee of conferencc was
somewhat in the nature of a privileged ques-
tion.
I say, sir, there is no similarity between the
state of things existing in England at any time
and those existing now in the United States.
When this law was first in force in England
society was struggling out of almost its primal
elements into an organized existence. In a
country which was almost a wilderness, and
among a rude, fierce, semi-barbarous people,
there was a necessity for supplying the weak-
ness of government by the severest obligations
upon each individual as the only means of
maintaining even a semblance of order and
of law. Ilence, every man was made an en-
forced policeman, the whole hundred was
made responsible for the injuries done by any
person within the hundred. Doubtless the
old law worked well; doubtless the principle
of the law has continued to work well, even to
the present time. I argue that from the fact
that the law, it seems, has recently been rebn-
acted. But, sir, what comparison or analogy is
there between England and the United States,
at this time or any other?
Whatcomparisonis therebetween England's
dense population, spread all over her surface,
and the thinly settled, outlying rural districts
of this country, especially of the western and
southwestern States ? Is there any compari-
son ? I suppose that throughout all England
to-day there is not a police station that is not
within five miles of a telegraph, which is not
within easy reach of the means whereby to col-
lect at a given point a force more than suffi-
cient to cope with any ordinary riot or outrage.
Is that true of the United States? We know
it is not. Why impose upon the rural commu-
nities throughout your State, Mr. President,
[Mr. Harlan in the chair,] throughout the
State of Iowa, the duty of maintaining a police
force sufficient to copc with such disturbance
as this bill contemplates? Or, if the farmers
of Iowa find themselves unable to do that, why
require them to be policemen, to be peace ofli-
ceis; or if they cannot do that, why mulct
their counties in damages and themselves in
taxes ?
Sir, as I understand it, if a man obeys the
law, if he pays his taxes, if lie acts as a juror,
if, when he is summoned by the sheriff as one
of the posse comitalvs, lie obeys the summons,
he lias done his duty as a good citizen. Why
impose upon the people of the agricultural dis-
tricts of the United States new burdens which
must become insufferable to them ? They live
in a country and lead a kind of life for which
there is no parallel in England to-day, and
never was. In a city such a law is well enough;
but wherever it does exist, as in New York
or Philadelphia or San Francisco, three cities
that I know of, it is by virtue of a statute.
Even so, my observation is, and I think such
is the general experience of the profession,
that the law has been greatly abused, almost
always perverted, to the great wrong of the
defendant. In other words, outrageous and
fabricated damages arc obtained in too many
cases. Yet I do not question the principle of
the law in cities. Cities are expected and are
bound to maintain an adequate police force.
In every great city there are military organiza-
tions which may be called upon, and which,
with the police, are nearly always adequate to
keep the rioters in check until succor can bo
had from the interior of the State, or, upon a
proper application, from the United States.
But is there any comparison between the
condition of a city like New York, Philadel-
phia, or San Francisco, in dealing with such
emergencies, and the condition of a great agri-
cultural county in the interior of Ohio or Illi-
nois or Missouri, and still more of Wisconsin
or Iowa? To make the English law of the
hundred a proper one in this country, you must
show that you have a social organization,
that you have a condition of population, that
you have a condition of government that is
somewhat the same. You must show that you
have a police establishment equivalent to or at
least something resembling that of England.
You know very well that nothing of the sort
is true. Hence the whole argument of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] falls for
want of facts to support it.
I have said all that occurs to me at this mo-
ment of the section of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.] I desire now to say some-
thing as to the section in regard to the test-
oath for jurors as it now stands in the report
of the conference committee.
As I understand the report, the change made
in the bill as it passed the Senate consists in
striking out the first section, leaving the rest
of the law to stand as applicable to the test-
oath for jurors. There is 110 doubt, I think,
upon an examination of the law, that the first
section was peremptory in its application ; that
is, it was made a cause of challenge and dis-
qualification of grand and petit jurors that any
juror should be objectionable on the state of
facts presented in that section, which state of
facts is pretty much to the effect that he was
unable to take the test-oath called for by the
second section. That, I say, was peremptory.
I do not think there can bo any serious ques-
tion on that point.
The second section makes it discretionary
with the district attorney or other public pros-
ecutor on behalf of the United States, in any
court, to demand of the court to require the
clerk to administer to every grand or petit
juror a test-oath. That section is retained.
I heard the Senator from Kentucky say a
moment ago that the test-oath as called for by
that statute was nearly obsolete in his State.
1 wish I could think that the same thing was
true of the other States of the South. 1 have
had occasion more than once to remark how
the severity or injustice of a bad law is molli-
fied in practice by the natural equities of the
human heart; but I greatly fear, with my
judgment as to the purpose of the present bill,
and in view of the spirit manifested here by
Senators of the majority, that in most of the
States of the South this test-oath will be
applied and will be required and enforced
with the utmost rigor.
Now, sir, what is it? The oath is:
"You do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case
may bo) that you will support tho Constitution of
the United States of America;"-—
Of course there is no objection to that—
"that you have not, without duress and constraint,
taken up arms, or joined any insurrection or rebel-
lion against tho United States; that you have not
adhered to any insurrection or rebellion, giving it
aid and comiort; that you have not, duectly or indi-
rectly, given any assistance in money, or any other
thing, to any person or persons whom you knew,
or had good ground to believe, had joined, or was
about to join, said insurrection and rebellion, or had
resisted, or was about to resist, with force of arms,
the execution of the laws of the United States."
In other words, no man could take that test-
oath who gave a cup of water to his dying son
killed in the confederate service.
"That you have not, directly or indirectly, given
any assistance in money, or any other thing, to any
person or persons whom yon know, or hud good
ground to believe, had joined, or was about to join,
said insurrection and rebellion."
No surgeon who sought to cure the malady
or save the life of such a soldier could tako
this oath.
