766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. THURMAN. Let me call the atten-
tion of iny friend to tlie fact that we confirmed
a gentleman for judge who could not take it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am coming to that.
"And that you hare not counseled or advised any
person or persons to join any rebellion against, or to
resist with force of arms, the laws of tho United
States."
That is the oath which is to be put to grand
and petit jurors under your bill. What per-
centage of the white men in the southern
States fit to be jurors can take that oath ? Can
ten per cent.? If ten per cent., can,twenty-
five per cent.? I doubt if twenty-five per cent,
can.
The Senator from Ohio was about to refer
to the case of a person confirmed as judge here
who had been obliged to obtain a release from
his disabilities in order to qualify. Why, sir,
I should say that a majority of the otfice-hold-
ing witnesses called by the majority of the
Committee on Southern Outrages were persons
who had either been in the confederate army
or were persons who had been obliged to take
the test-oath. The Senator from North Caro-
lina himself could not take the oath. Your
Attorney General could not take it.
Mr. LEWIS. If the Senator from California
will pardon the interruption, I will say that it
was a mere piece of squeamishness on the part
of Judge Rives ever thinking he committed an
act against the laws of the United States in his
life. He had given his son, conscripted into
the confederate army, a horse, and that was
the only thing.
Mr. CASSERLY. That was a very clear
case. I do not think it was a case of squeam-
ishness. I should think that was a case of
very just conscientious difficulty. The provis-
ion is that "you have not, directly or indi-
rectly, given any assistance in money, or any
other thing."
Mr. LEWIS. Was it for the purpose of aid-
ing the rebellion ? There was no such purpose.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Lewis] will listen to me he will
see that I am right about it, as a question of
law:
"That, you have not, directly or indirectly, given
any assistance in money, or any other thin?, to any
person or persons whom you knew, or ha-.l sood
ground to believe, had joined, or wad about to join,
said insurrection and rebellion."
I think if the son of Judge Rives was in the
confederate service or was about to join that
service, and the judge gave him a horse—per-
haps he was in the cavalry, I do not know how
that was—that made it very clear that the judge
was not squeamish, but was very justly and
properly conscientious if, on that state of facts,
he refused to take the oath.
Mr. LEWIS. He was advised by "gentlemen
here that he could take the oath.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very much sur-
prised to hear that any considerable number
of Senators on this floor gave any such advice.
The conscience of that gentleman was much
better than the understanding of his advisers.
I do not believe that ten per cent, of the white
people of the South fit to serve upon a jury,
grand or petit, could take that oath. It would
have been a great deal more honest and manly
to have just excluded all such men from juries
and to have provided that nobody should sit
upon a jury, either grand or petit, except a man
who had always been loyal and a man who was
black: and that is the effect of it. It confines
your juries entirely to the so-called loyalists of
the southern States and the black people there.
You are to have no otlierjurors; in other words,
you pack your juries. In the worst ages of
English history there was just such a wretched
contrivance as this. It was used in England
for the persecution of the Dissenters. In
Ireland it was used as aportiou of the diabol-
ical code of laws known as the penal code of
Ireland. The result there was what the result
will be here. The juries were all packed with
men who were the political enemies of the
defendant in the civil suit, of the prisoner on
trial in the criminal suit, and tho law was passed
for that purpose, to make all justice and the
courts of justice an instrument to defeat justice
between man and man, and the Government
and the people.
Juries were packed under the test-oath, as
they will be under this oath, in every instance
where there was any motive, either of interest,
or of feeling, to bring about that result. And
in the year 1871, in the eighty-first year after
the adoption of the American Constitution, in
the full blaze of modern civilization, and in
view of the fact that there is not a Govern-
ment in Europe, however despotic, where eucli
a law as this is in force or has been in force
for many years, or where a man with any con-
sideration for himself or his political prospects
would dare to offer it, we find a law like this
deliberately proposed for the purpose of pack-
ing the juries in eleven States of this Union in
every case, civil or criminal, arising under your
bill. Oh, sir, after that, you had a great deal
better have proclaimed military law in those
States. I would rather trust your epauletted
ministers of justice; I would rather trust your
drum-head courts-martial; 1 would as soon
leave the people of the South to be tried by
the tribunal known as a military commission,
of which it was once well said that it is sum-
moned to try and organized to convict; to any
form or sham of administering justice, rather
than to that which is provided in this bill.
Sir, take a soldier. In his training, in his
sense of responsibility, in his experience in the
fields he has seen, in his knowledge of what is
due between man and man, 3rou have a guaran-
tee even in his administration of martial law.
But here you provide a code of laws so severe,
so rigorous, based on an assumption of a state
of facts which does not exist, evidently capable
of being used for the worst party purposes, I
will not say intended for that, but evidently
capable of being so used. Then set it in mo-
tion in an excited, bitterly divided community,
where men are arrayed into two hostile fac-
tions, when by that law you provide, as dis-
tinctly as if you had provided in terms, that
there shall be no jury, grand or petit, unless it
is composed of men who are the utter political
enemies, and often the bitter personal enemies
of the men whose fortunes and lives are to be
passed upon by them , you devise a code of
laws in its scope as iniquitous and unjust as
any that blackens the page of history. I have
not so poor an opinion of Senators of the
majority as not to feel entirely certain that if
they shall live the length of life which I desire
for them, they will all of them live to regret
such legislation as this.
Sir, you talk about an emergency justifying
it. There is no emergency that justifies the
destruction of justice; there is no emergency
that ever can exist which justifies the packing
of the juries, grand ana petit, against a whole
people. You talk of your lenity. What was
your lenity? That you did not cut off the
heads of the whole people in the South after
the war? No, sir, you could not do that;
your sword would have wearied of the butch-
ery. That you did not hang five hundred or a
thousand of them ? That you did not ban-
ish twenty-five hundred or three thousand of
them? Why did you not ? Because you knew
that the public opinion not merely of the world
but of the country was against that. But, sir,
could you have done anything worse under the
most severe system of vengeance and repres-
sion than this law proposes? If anything worse
can be suggested, let it be suggested.
Why, sir, to judge by this law and the sen-
timents I have heard uttered here since I have
been here, now over two years, it occurs to
me that the fact that you did not undertake to
extirpate those people, or at least to decimate
them, is a constant source of disappointment
and regret, and that you are endeavoring now,
under the guise of laws the most severe and
unjustifiable that ever were attempted in time
of profound peace in any country, to make
good the mistake, as you seem to conceive it,
which you then made.
I shall not detain the Senate any further
with remarks on this subject-
Mr. COLE. I ask that this debate be sus-
pended long enough to allow me to make a
report from the committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
that, provided it gives rise to no debate.
Mr. COLE. I do not apprehend that it will
give rise to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California asks unanimous consent
to present a report from a conference com-
mittee.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing that the
other matter shall be postponed informally, if
this will give rise to no debate ; but if it gives
rise to debate, I must reserve the right to call
for the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had risen to say pre-
cisely what the Senator from Ohio has said,
that this may be laid aside informally with the
understanding that if the matter to be taken
up gives rise to debate occupying any time the
regular order will be called for ; but in order
to facilitate business in the other House, I have
no objection to this report being made now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order will be laid aside informally, subject
to be called up on the demand of any Senator.
Mr. COLE. The other House is in the un-
fortunate condition of being without business
just now, and wishes some ; and therefore I ask
that the report on the deficiency bill be received
and acted upon at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection that report will be received and
read.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 53) for the restoration of Com-
mander George A. Stevens, United States
Navy, to the active list from the retired list;
A bill (S. No. 89) to create a port of delivery
at Potomac, Virginia, and for other purposes ;
and
A bill (S. No. 137) to authorize the payment
of duplicate checks of disbursing officers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 178) for the relief
of Nicholas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, with amendments, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill <S. No. 45) to enable the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Galveston railroad to relocate
a portion of its road ; and
A bill (S. No. On) for the relief of John E.
Wheeler.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill til. 11. No. 19) making appropriations for the
payment of additional clerks and messengers in the
Pension Office, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That tho Senate recedo from their amendments
numbered 18, 21, 32, 33, 49,50, 63, and 01.
That the House ot lteprosentatives recede from
their disagreement to tho amendments of tho Senate
numbered 22,40, 45, and 47, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of tho House to tho fifth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to tho samf with tho fol-
