1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
lowing amendments: In lines two and three of said
House amendment strike out the "words "competent
lawyer "and inser tin lieu the following word,-; " one
employed;" and in 11; three of said amendment,
after the word "justice," insertthel'ollowingwords:
"learned in the lawand inline five of said amend-
ment strike out thowords "in the interest," and in-
sert in lieu the following words: "on behalf;" and
at the end of line five of said House amendment add
the following: "and the commissioners of claims
shall have the same authority in regard to taking
testimony to be used beforo them that is now con-
ferred upon the Court of Claims;" and tile llouso
agree to the sa.me.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the seventeenth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: At. th o end of said llouso
amendment add the following words: " and said
board shall be held to be an existing board for alt
the purposes specified in the act to provide a gov-
ernment torthe District of Columbia, from and after
the appointment and qualification of the members
thereof;" and tlieliouse agree to the same.
Ttiat the Senaterccede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the llouso to the thirty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment at tho end of said
House amendment: Add tile following words: "and
the sum of ^5,701 6-3 of unexpended balances of eer-
lion appropriations for the Depaitmcnt of Agucuf-
ture bo carried into the Treasury, and the proper
accoun ting officers of theTreasury are heroby author-
ized to settle and adjust any accounts of said Depart-
ment which may be overdrawn, to tho amount of
$2,069 37; and the sum of S3,032 28, being the remain-
der of the sum first named herein, is hereby appro-
priated for tho completion of tho greenhouse of tho
Department of Agriculture;" and the House agree
to the same.
That the llouso recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-aixth amendment of tho SenaXe, and agree
fo the same with the following amendments: In
line two of said amendment, after the word " asso-
ciation" insert the word " condemned," and in line
three ofsaid amendment, after the word " bedding"
insert "if such there be;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the Ben ate recede from their disagreement to
tho amendment of tho House to the fifty-ninth
amendment of tho Senate, and agrco to the same
with amendments as follows: Stiike out tho word
"last" in said House amendment and insert in lieu
thereof the word "present," and also stiike out tho
word "five" and insert tho word "six;" and the
House agree to the same.
Tha t the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the first clause of tho amendment of tho House to
the sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
And that the Senate agree to the second clause of
the amendment of the llouso to tho sixtieth amend-
ment of the Senate with tho following amendment:
Strike out the last word of said clause and insert in
]iou thereof the following words: "of said act creat-
ing said commissioners of claims;" and tlieliouse
agree to the same.
And that the House recede from the third clause
of their amendment to said sixtieth' amendment of
the Senate.
And tho Senate agrco to the fourth elauso of tho
amendment of the IIou^e to said sixtieth amend-
ment of the Senate in the following words: "For
covering the steam-pipes m the Capitol with fire-
proof non-conducting felting, $8,000."
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the several amendments of tho House to the
twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, thirty-fifth, thirty-
ninth, forty-second, forty-third, forty-iourth, forty-
eighth, fifty-first, and fifty-second amendments of
the Senate, and agrco to tho same.
C. COLE,
T. I<\ liAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
II. 1. DAWKS.
WM. D. KELLEY,
JAMES IS. BECK,
Managers on the part of the Home.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a provision
there that I do not know that. I understand, and
that I think the Senate ought to pay a little
attention to before it adopts. At the last ses-
sion we put on io an appropriation bill a pro-
vision about which there was considerable con-
troversy, authorizing a commission consisting
of three persons to report upon claims in the
southern States, and it was said at the time
that that was a commission to ascertain what
those claims were. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] had a good deal to do
with it, I think, and he was in favor of such
a commission. I thought it was dangerous at
the time. Now there is an amendment here
which perhaps I do not fully understand. I
have only heard it read, but I think the Senate
ought to have its attention called to if.
Thcie is an amendment in this deficiency
bill providing for attorneys to attend these
commissioners, and authorizing them to take
testimony in tho same manner as the Court of
Claims. The Court of Claims has commis-
sioners appointed all over the country to take
testimony ; they send attorneys here and there ;
and the result of it is you have established
two Courts of Claims. Did we mean to pro-
vide that? But that is not the worst of it. It
would be bad policy to have two Courts of
Claims, but every one will see where we are
drifting.
The understanding, 1 think, on the part of
those who voted for the commission—I was
not in favor of the commission originally—was
that it was to be a commission simply to re-
ceive these claims, and their receipt of them
and action upon them was to have no binding
force at all; and Congress would hereafter
investigate the claims. But now wo are pro-
viding for attorneys, we are providing for the
taking of testimony by the commission just, as
f.liey do in the Court of Claims ; and what will
be said? It will be urged here, when these
claims come, " They have been passed upon ;
all you have to do is to make appropriations."
Mr. CONKLING. How did the provision
get on ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It got on in the House
of Representatives, I suppose. I have only
just heard it read at the table, and I think tho
Senate ought to understand what is being done
before such provisions are adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
provision respecting attorneys for this claims
commission read again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the clause as to
taking testimony.
'fhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. That part
of the report will be read again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It. would be better un-
derstood if the Clerk would read the House
amendment., whatever it is.
Mr. CA.RPENTEII. Read it as it will be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read as it will be after
it is amended.
The Chief Clerk, The fifth amendment of
the Senate was to add to the second section
of the bill the following clause :
And that so much of the appropriation provided
for in tho act making appropriations for sundry
ci,'il expenses of the Government for tho year end-
ing June SO, 1872, approved March 3, 1871, "to bo
expended in the detection and prosecution of crimes
against the United States," as may, in tho judgment
of the Attorney (Jenoral, bo necessary, may be used
during tho current fiscal year.
To that amendment tho House add an amend-
ment, which is proposed by the committee of
conference to be amended so as to read :
And ho is hereby authorised and instructed t.o
designate some one employed in the Department of
Justice, learned in tho law, whoso duty it shall bo
to attend before the commissioners of claims and
contest such claims on behalf of the United States.
And the commissioners of claims shall havo the
same authority in regard to taking testimony to bo
used beforo them that is now conferred upon the
Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree with the Senator
from Illinois that the employment of counsel
or of persons engaged in the Departments to
appear on behalf of the United States before
this claims commission is altogether wrong,
because, as he says, it is setting up a fresh
Court of Claims ; but so far as the provision I
moved here authorizes those commissioners I
to take testimony, to examine witnesses, of !
their own motion, against a claim, and report
that evidence to Congress, \ think it is quite
right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So do I; but this adopts
the lav/ in force in the Court of Claims in
regard to sending out commissions to take
testimony. I do not know exactly how far it
goes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So far as it prescribes
how testimony is to be used, that is a mere
question of method. It might be impossible
for the commissioners to take testimony in per-
son. They, knowing that some witness knew
something of a particular claim in the State
of North Carolina, might send down, underlhe
authority which Congress has given them, a
commission to some officer to hoar the state-
ment of that witness, take it, and report it to
Congress as one of the elements of the testi-
mony upon which we should act.
I do not think I should object to that at all;
I think it might be useful for our purposes;
but it is true, as the Senator from Illinois
says, taking the whole thing together, it really
implies that this board of commissioners are
to receive testimony in support of claims and
against claims and report it to Congress, and
they are to be turned into a court of claims to
hear and determine, a kind of court of oyer
and terminer, (using a criminal phrase, as
applied to civil proceedings,) which I do not
think it was the intention of Congress to adopt
at all, and which certainly has the effect that
the Senator from Illinois applies to it, that of
bringing the cases of these claimants here again
under the apparent authority of a judgment by
a tribunal against the United Stales in the
cases where the commissioners should think
the claims ought to be allowed. I do not think
tho scope of the law establishing this commis-
sion intended anything of that kind.
Then, there is another thing which I think I
noticed in the reading of this report, to which
I wish to enter one decided protest, and that
is the injection into it of an appropriation for'
the payment to the Sisters of Mercy, or what-
ever may be the name of that corporation in
Charleston, of the sum of §20,000 for their acts
of charity to Union soldiers. That is a subject
that has been brought to the attention of the
Senate, first in the form of a claim for the de-
struction of their school-house by our shells,
and, that being rejected, second, upon the same
facts, in the form of a gratuity for charities.
Mr. President, the real foundation of that
claim is the tiling that was originally suggested
as the foundation of it, to wit, the fact that the
shells of the Union army at Sullivan's island,
or whatever the name of the island was, de-
stroyed the school-houses of those people,
who were at the same time exercising acts of
benevolence toward Union soldiers. Upon
that ground the claim was presented; upon
investigation on that ground it was rejected;
and then it was transmogrified, to use a homely
phrase, into a claim for a gratuity for acts of
charity which similar corporations all over the
Union were in the constant habit of rendering
to Union soldiers an'd rebel soldiers, but every-
where actuated by a common impulse of duty
and humanity.
I happened to be in Charleston the other
day, and I saw the school-house which is the
foundation of this claim standing close by and
alongside of the principal building of this insti-
tution, the school-house that it was said had
been destroyed or greatly injured by the bom-
bardment of the city by our troops ; and the
most critical inspection that I could give to it,
standing in the street by it, failed to disclose
either in its roof or on its sides any mark of a
hostile missile at all. There was not the sign
of a shell or a bullet anywhere around it. It
is an old, dilapidated wooden building stand-
ing four or five rods off from the fine brick
building which is occupied by the head of the
society and the officers of it, and its pupils too,
I presume. But it is an old wooden building,
that has not received a coat of paint for the
last twenty-five years, that has not had a coat
of shingles for the last twenty-five years, and
in respect to which the only trouble now is
that the boys in the streets, it being an aban-
doned building, have thrown stones at the win-
dows until the glass is all knocked out and
boards have been nailed up over them ; but I
do not believe that a single shell or a single
shot from the Union guns bombarding Charles-
ton ever touched the building at all. It they
did, it must have been done in some spiritual
sense; the physical sign is entirely absent;
and, as I say, close by il, within six rods of
it, stands the fine brick edifice occupied by
this institution, which is absolutely immacu- '
late in every respect. There is no sign of a
break in its walls, or in its windows, or in its
