62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Kendall, Lansing, McCormick, McCrary, MeKee,
McNeely, Moore, Morgan, Aaron E. Perry, Poland,
Robinson, Sessions, Sloentn, H. Jjoardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Swann,
Sypher, Uvright Townsend^Van Trump, Washburn,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winchester—37.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I ask that the bill upon which
I desire the action of the House may be read
as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill (H. li. No. 6) for the removal of all legal
and politicaldisabilities imposed by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States.
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America rn Congress assem-
bled, (two thirdsof each House concurring therein,)
That all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States on
persons therein mentioned, becauso of their having
engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the Uni-
ted States, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof, be, and the same are hereby, removed.
industrial home school.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to yield to me for a
moment that I may introduce and have acted
upon at this time a joint resolution which is
designed to give some old and useless articles
to the Industrial Home School of this District.
A joint resolution for this purpose passed the
Senate at the last session, but failed in this
House for want of time. When the bill has
been read, I know there will be no objection
to it; but if there should be, I will not press
my proposition.
Mr. BECK. I yield to the gentleman for
the purpose ho has indicated.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 4) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to turn over
certain property to the managers of the Indus-
trial Home School of the District of Columbia ;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy to deliver and turn
over to the managers of the Industrial Home
School of the District of Columbia, for the use
of the pupils and inmates, the following arti-
cles of machinery and tools not used or needed
by the Government, namely, one engine, one
boiler, one circular saw and table complete,
with the required shafting, pulleys, and hang-
ers, and such other tools and implements from
the navy yard as are not used or needed for
the use of the Government which may be useful
for the Industrial Home School.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the Clj k to read the
letter which I send to the deslc?^
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Burkair of steam E.nginekring,
February 10,1871.
Sir : In compliance with the request of the man-
a«ors of tho Industrial Home School of the District
ot Columbia, 1 have the honor to state that there are
now at. the Washington navy-yard tho following-
named articles not in use or needed by the Govern-
ment, namely,'one engine, one boiler, one circular
eaw and tal lo complete, tho required shafting, pul-
leys, and hangers.
All this material is in such condition, however,
that it would require at least iflSO expended in labor
to put it into condition for use.
very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. KING,
Chief of Bureau.
lion, ueop.ge M. Kobeson, Secretary of the Navy.
Ihe joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. IIOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on (he table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ItEMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BECK. I propose to occupy only a few
moments, and I shall then yield to any gentle-
man on the other side who wishes to speak for
or against this measure. As the House is very
well aware, we have now had for at least six
years a Committee on Reconstruction. I have
been a member of that committee for the last
four years. All the States are now restored ;
they are all represented upon the floor of this
House and the Senate. The legitimate work
of that committee is ended. VVe have been
annoyed during the last three years to an
almost unparalleled extent, as most gentlemen
are doubtless aware, by personal applications
for the removal of disabilities. The House
has so far yielded to these individual applica-
tions that we have removed the disabilities of
large numbers of persons, many of whom were
perhaps as obnoxious as any who still remain
under disabilities, and it is a fit time for the
new members of both parties to get rid of the
troubles and annoyances to which they will
surely be subjected, by disposing, of the whole
subject at once, even if they have no higher
motive than that to induce them to sustain the
bill I have laid before the House.
We are annoyed day after day, as every
member of the Forty-First Congress on this
floor is aware from his own personal experience,
by recommendations in favor of the removal
ot legal and political disabilities of men every-
where. If this bill passes, then the work of
reconstruction of individuals as well as States
is at an end. The Reconstruction Commit-
tee will no longer be wanted, and the country
will be well rid of it. It ought not to be again
renewed by a vote of this House. No bill
proposed by that committee has passed during
the Forty-First Congress, so far as I am aware,
except the bill modifying the test-oath. By
that act every man who cannot take it is ex-
cused from taking it. The young men in the
South are all now eligible for all Federal
offices. We have, as I said, relieved from the
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment very many of the leading men—I can
name some of them in my own State—such
men as General Humphrey Marshall, General
Crittenden, General Williams, as well as thou-
sands of others all over the South. Why should
those who are too obscure orhavenot.influence
enough to be heard here be kept under dis-
ability after we have relieved so many of the
leading men. You saw, only the other day,
when members were being sworn in for the
Forty-Second Congress, that there was a large
number of men who took the modified oath,
of course all relieved in some form or other.
It has got to that point, Mr. Speaker, when
I believe this House, on both sides, Democrats
and Republicans, have become fully convinced
that the Congress of the United States should
cease any longer to peddle out the removal
of political disabilities; it has become simply
ridiculous to continue to do so. We are begin-
ning a new Congress; and before proceeding
with the business of the whole country which
has been intrusted to our charge we ought
first ol all things to put all men, white as well
as black, upon terms of equality before the
law. Five or six yearsafter the war has closed
there can no longer be any good reason for
seeking to keep under disqualification any class
of men. If there be anything which will put
down the disturbances which are said to exist
in the southern States it will be tho full and
perfect restoration to all men of equal rights
and privileges, so that no man can any longer
feel and say, "I do not feel called upon to
exert myself in sustaining the efforts of the
Government and its officials, because I am
ostracized, because lam denied the rights and
privileges which are accorded to all other men
under the law." Wo ought at once to do away
with the grounds for all such excuses, and let
every citizen feel that he is the equal of his
neighbor.
It the Republican party is wise—and I know
it has wise men in its ranks—it will take warn-
ing by the lessons taught by the late elections
in Missouri, Arkansas, West Virginia-, and
lennessee. I believe it is the unanimous judg-
ment of thepeopleof the country. Republicans
as well as Democrats, that the odious distinc-
tions between citizens should end at once. You
cannot prevent any idea being represented by
keeping out of office any particular man or set
of men. We all know that. We all know
there are men in every section of the country
who are qualified to represent any idea which
the people want represented on this floor, in
the Senate, or elsewhere. If this bill pass there
will be no more odious discriminations, and,
what is equally desirable, no more reconstruc-
tion committees, no more peddling out of the
removal of the political disabilities by Con-
gress and its committees, no more scenes like
those we have had here day after day of per-
sonal solicitations for the removal of political
disabilities. The whole thing has got to be
beneath the dignity of Congress.
I do not offer this bill as a partisan. In my
judgment, this measure will not redound to
the benefit of the Democratic party more than
to the benefit of the Republican party, for it
must be the work of both if it succeeds. Its
value will be that men everywhere will be
restored to equal rights and privileges, and I
hope and believe it will happily lead to the
restoration of an era of good feeling between
all sections of the country, which all good men
of all parties so much desire. Congress will
then be in the best possible condition to pro-
ceed with the public business when this, per-
haps the greatest source of trouble, heart-
burning, and strife, is removed. I will now
yield for five or ten minutes to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] and after-
ward to others, merely desiring to retain the
floor in order to call the previous question
before my hour expires.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker. I shall
not detain the House long. During the last
session I introduced a bill perhaps not exactly
the same as this.
Mr. BECK. The very same, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORM. I did it then because
I believed, as I now believe, the time had come
when we ought to have a general bill relieving
all persons from the disabilities under which
they labored imposed by the Constitution. It
was never intended that so much time should
have elapsed as has elapsed before a general
measure of relief should be passed. I believe
the time has fully arrived, that it arrived some
time ago when we should have exercised this
constitutional power. It is known to every
man that almost every one laboring under these
disabilities is not disfranchised. They can all
vote. The disability which prevents them
from holding Federal office does not prevent
them from going to the ballot box and exer-
cising th© privijege of franchise. They can
all hold State offices. In two or three instances,
at the request of the President, constitutions
which contained provisions excluding certain
classes of citizens were submitted to the peo-
ple, with the right on their part to say whether
all citizens should not have the right to hold.
State offices. We did that in the case of Vir-
ginia and Mississippi, where tho constitutions
first made contained sweeping clauses dis-
franchising those who would not take the test-
oath, &c. By the advice and with the concur-
rence ot'_the President of the United States
we submitted our act providing for the submis-
sion in those States to a separate vote of those
clauses of the Constitution iu order to enable
thepeople of those States, if they chose, to vote
them down; and in every instance they d.d
so vote those clauses out of their constitutions
which made exceptions from the right of fran-
chise and the right to hold office.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is said in opposition
to all this that there are disorders in the South.
Gentlemen rise on this floor and read letteis
giving accounts, truthful accounts, too, oi
gross outrages being perpetrated recenily in
many portions ol the South. I wish thai, we
could so shape legislation as to put an end to
that sort ot thing. But in my opinion dis-
qualification from holding office does not have
a tendency to put an eud to that state of things.
