T68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
roof, or anywhere, such as appears in other
parts of the city where the shells of the Union
Army did reach.
Therefore, the claim, if it may be called a
claim, for taking $20,000 of the people's money
is reduced to the simple fact that this chari-
table institution in the exercise of its proper
functions, for which it was founded, ministered
in time of need to rebel and to Union soldiers
alike. So did many other charitable institu-
tions in the country, so did a thousand institu-
tions that sprung up impromptu among the
humane people of the country, on both sides
of the line, I think it not too much to say, to
provide for the miseries and distresses that the
war occasioned.
Nov/, sir, if this is the fact, you are taking
a dangerous step to provide that one particular
institution, which happens also to be a sec-
tarian one, shall receive a large sum of money,
either as compensation, donation, gratuity, or
whatever you please to call it. That being
contained there, I, for one, am quite unwilling
to vote for agreeing to this conference report.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the committee
of conference of the two Houses who have
made this report have not assumed to change
"in any material respect the scope and object
of the law of last session establishing the board
of inquiry as to the claims for commissary and
quartermasters' supplies furnished to our Army
by loyal citizens of the South. They have not,
I say, changed the scope of that law in any
respect. It remains as it was. All they have
done has been for the protection of the Gov-
ernment in this regard. They have provided
that some one belonging to the Department
of Justice shall attend lo the interests of the
United States before the commission, and they
have, in addition to that, provided the means
of getting testimony against these claims. The
report merely authorizes the commissioners to
take testimony in such manner as it is taken
by the Court of Claims, for the purpose of
preventing improper and fraudulent claims
being mads against the Government. That is
the whole extent to which they have gone.
This has been done in deference to the wishes
of the very able and I believe exceedingly
worthy commissioners who have been ap-
pointed and are now acting. They find them-
selves deficient, as the law stands, in authority
to obtain testimony against these claims. They
are by this report provided with the means of
doing this; and if an officer of the Govern-
ment without any additional compensation,
an officer who is already employed by the
Government, is authorized to make the proper
use of this testimony for the protection of
the United States, I do not see why Senators
should object to it. I have before me the law
as it was passed at the last session, and with-
out its text I remember its scope. It author-
izes the commissioners to investigate these
claims, and report those they regard as valid
to Congress. The whole matter will still
remain before Congress for final action.
In regard to the other matter that has been
before Congress so long, the claim of the
Sisters of Mercy of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, for compensation for property destroyed
by our guns during the war, the committee saw
fit to accept it in their report. It was a matter
put on in ihe House of Representatives and
sent here, put on there with great unanimity ;
put on, 1 believe, without any dissent in that
body, and of course it is adhered to by them
with tenacity ; and if it is a proper claim, as it
has been often represented to us, it might as
well be paid first as last; if it is a mere char-
ity, it is not doing much more than has been
done in some other directions. We have ap-
propriated money from the Treasury for the
lying inhospital of this city; for the Women's
Christian Association ; for the Providence Hos-
pital. Those institutions are in this District,
it is true ; but it is not a very great departure
from the practice of Congress to make an ap-
propriation of this sort. I think, if reference
is had to the statutes already enacted by Con-
gress precedents, for it can be found. My
friend from South Carolina has something to
say on this sjibject, and I yield to him for that
purpose.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I only wish
my friend from Vermont had enjoyed a little
better opportunity to examine into the facts
in regard to the orphan asylum which was
destroyed by the bombardment; but I am of
the opinion that that Senator probably did not
observe many marks of shells in any buildings
in Charleston.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes; I did.
Mr. SAWYER. Nearly every shell-hole has
been plastered up since 1865. The city of
Charleston has beeu tolerably well repaired,
although still bearing some marks of the late
conflict; and the orphan asylum to which he
refers received not only considerable injury
from shells, but such injuries as to render it
utterly uninhabitable, unfit for the uses to
which it was formerly applied. So far from
the wooden structure to which he has referred
being the only one that was injured, the fine
brick building of which he speaks was also
injured, and injured very seriously. So far as
the mere question of compensation for dam-
ages goes, this $20,000 would not nearly pay
the losses .which were actually incurred by this
association of religious women, who had taken
upon themselves the duty of educating, cloth-
ing, and feeding a large number of orphans.
No, Mr. President, not merely was the
wooden building rendered uninhabitable and
unfit for occupancy, but the brick building was
for a long time uninhabitable, and is only now
habitable on account of extensive repairs which
have been made upon it; and these ladies were
obliged to expend very large sums of money
in addition to their ordinary expenditures to
carry ou the benevolent objects which were in
their charge during the progress of this bom-
bardment. It is not alone that these women
were engaged in assisting in nursing, in caring
for our sick and wounded soldiers, that they
have a legitimate claim upon the bounty of the
nation, but it is because during that bombard-
ment their home was rendered untenable and
their expenses for their own proper purposes
were very much increased. They had to move
their numerous family of orphans far into the
country and care for them there at a much
larger expense than usual, and if you put it as
a question of compensation, which it has not
been claimed here to be, this sum is altogether
insufficient. If the Senator were as well aware
of the cost of building or rebuilding houses in
the city of Charleston as he is in the city of
Washington, he would know that that structure
could not be placed in the condition in which
it was in 18G3 for anything like ยง'20,000. It is
an old wooden structure; it does bear marks
of not having received a coatof paintfor years;
it probably lias not received a coat of paint
since the shells from Morris's Island were
thrown into it. We are not in the habit of
painting battered and broken-down structures
in Charleston. These women find hard work
enough to paint their buildingseven in the best
of times; but when they are destroyed by the
shot and shell of an armed force they do not go
to work and paint them up in that condition.
The facts are that they wish to rebuild and
repair these structures, and it would be grace-
ful for Congress to offer a gratuity to aid them
in this work, which makes no improper prece-
dent, which is indeed almost without a parallel,
and which has been passed upon by the other
House of Congress twice or three times favor-
ably, and has every time been defeated in the
Senate, not because there were not votes
enough to pass it, but because the lungs of my
distinguished friend from Vermont and those
who feel with him on this subject have been
called into vociferous exercise to occupy all
the time which could be allotted to it on every
occasion on which it has been presented
here.
It was not put into this bill at my sugges-
tion ; it was put in here by a sort of spontane-
ous movement on the part of the members of
the House of Representatives, who thought
it a great measure of propriety, and I insist
that we shall not refuse to accept the report
of this committee because, forsooth, it aims,
among other things, to carry out a proper and
a benevolent purpose.
Mr. SCOTT. There is one question of fact
connected with this matter which I have heard
mentioned, and I should be glad to know from
the Senator from South Carolina whether it is
corrector not; and that is, that these build-
ings were repaired at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. Is that correct or not?
Mr. SAWYER. If it is, it is entirely new to
me. I never heard of it before. One of them
certainly has never been repaired up to this
time.
Mr. POMEROY. I was urged to support
this measure when it was up before, because I
was told that the building had been destroyed.
Mr. SA^VYER. Destroyed for all practical
purposes.
Mr. POMEROY. Now I understand from
the Senator from Vermont that it has never
been touched.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. POMEROY. If it has been touched
it is only by having some holes through it.
That is what the Senator from Vermont tells
me. It was represented to me here on the
floor of the Senate and by persons outside,
who called me out, that the building was
destroyed.
Mr. SAWYER. The building was destroyed
for all practical purposes during the bombard-
ment of Charleston by the shells. Any in-
formation to the contrary is entirely irrecon-
cilable with the facts.
Mr. POMEROY. Some shells passed
through it, but they did not destroy the
building.
Mr. SAWYER. Has the Senator ever been
in a house where shells have exploded?
Mr. POMEROY. I have been in the Sen-
ate where some exploded. [Laughter. ]
Mr. TflURMAN. If we are going to have
a long discussion of this $20,000 item on a
bill appropriating millions I shall have to call
for the regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. No; I am ready to vote.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the vote
which is now to be taken to cover both of the
matters which have been discussed here a
good deal this afternoon. I was opposed very
strongly, in the outset, to the creating of the
commission in regard to the southern claims.
My own judgment is that we shall reap nothing
but trouble from that act, and that it will be
urged here in subsequent Congresses that, to
some extent at least, the faith of the nation is
pledged by what was done by that act.
If we appoint a commission to examine
into those claims and they do examine and
make their report here, it will be urged at least
that we have authorized those men to take this
testimony and to make this report; that it is
our investigation, and that we have, by invit-
ing these people to come here and put in the
evidence of their claims, in some way and to
some extent, bound ourselvesto pay theclaims.
That, however, was resisted, and such an in-
ference, it was said, could not be drawn from
the act ; and I believe that those who voted for
it entertained that opinion. But now it is pro-
posed, as I understand this report, to appoint
attorneys who are to appear on behalf of the
United States and contest those claims.
Mr. COLE. Not to appoint any new attor-
ney, but to allow the designation of one cm-
ployed in the Department of Justice.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was not on the ques-
tion of expense. I should bo in favor of hav-
ing new attorneys. I am not trying to cheat
lawyers out of fees. [Laughter.] That is not
my point; but I am opposed to an act of
