1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
of Fall River, Massachusetts, praying for a
pension.
Also, the memorial of Edward G-. Hunt, of
Duxbury, Massachusetts, praying for a pension.
Also, the memorial of Elizabeth W. Morgan,
late of Nantucket, Massachusetts, praying for
a pension.
Also, the memorial of Catharine Mayhew,
of Bdgartown, Massachusetts, praying for a
pension.
Also, the memorial of Joseph M. Caton
and others, of Massachusetts, praying for
indemnity for vessel taken by Government.
Also, the memorial of Robert Loper and
others, of Massachusetts, praying for indem-
nity for vessel taken by Government.
Also, the memorial of Mary N. Adams and
others, of Massachusetts, praying for indem-
nity for vessel taken by Government.
By Mr. KERB: The memorial of E. R.
Brundicht, and 200 others, asking for another
post route in Dubois county, Indiana, to con-
nect places therein named.
By Mr. LOWE : The petition of Asa Hair-
grove and 117 others, actual settlers on the late
Osage diminished reserve, for an act of Con-
gress enabling settlers on such reserve to enter
their lands originally settled upon and claimed,
conformingto the nearest lines of the Govern-
ment surveys.
Also, the petition of J. E. Barrett and 500
others, settlers on the Osage Indian trust land
of Kansas, for the extension of time of pay-
ment for their lands for one year from April
10, 1871.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of the
Evansville Homeopathic Society, in the State
of Indiana, praying for the establishment of a
homeopathic chair in the proposed national
university in the District of Columbia.
Also, the memorial of Dr. F. L. Davis and
a large number of others, citizens of Indiana,
on the same subject.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of Cot-
trell & Babcock and others, for increase of
duty on manufactured machinery.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of John
Bullfinch, for damages to schooners Wings of
the Morning and Ocean Belle when in use by
the Government.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: A petition of citi-
zens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, for
enactment of a law to prevent the farther
absorption of the public lands of the United
States by railroads and other corporations.
By Mr. TYNER: The petition of John
Smith, of Howard county, Indiana, asking that
the sentence of desertion of his deceased son,
Samuel B. Smith, late of company G, seven-
teenth regiment Indiana volunteer infantry, be
removed by special enactment.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 13, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 4) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of John II. Halley, of Jasper
county, Illinois—to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropria-
tions for the payment of additional clerks
and messengers in the Pension Office, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 3) eonstru-
ing the act of July 14, 1870, entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses,'' so as to provide for the admission
of animals especially imported for breeding
purposes free of duty from the Dominion of
Canada—to the Committee on Finance.
42d Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 5.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in response to a resolution of the
Senate of the 8th of February, a letter of the
acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs, rela-
tive to unadjusted claims for damages aris-
ing from Indian wars in Florida; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMERO Y. I have received from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in
answer to a letter, a copy of his instructions
to the surveyor general of New Mexico, and
as they will be useful for the Committee on
Public Lands, I move that the Commissioner's
letter and these instructions be printed and laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
citizens of Kansas residing on and near to the
proposed line of the Republican, Salina, and
Arkansas Valley railway, praying for the enact-
ment of a law granting lands in aid of the con-
struction of a railway and telegraph line in
the State of Kansas, from Concordia, on the
Republican river, in Cloud county, via the
city of Salina, and to and down the valley of
the Arkansas river to the point in said valley
where the south boundary line of the State of
Kansas cuts that river; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Sarah Sarvant, mother of Charles Sarvant,
private company H, one hundred and second
regiment New York volunteers, who was killed
in action June 15, 1864, at Lost Mountain,
Georgia, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present a petition
numerously signed by citizens of the State of
New York who were soldiers and sailors in
the late war, praying the passage by the Sen-
ate of a bill which recently passed the House
of Representatives giving one hundred and
sixty acres of land to each of such persons as
served with credit in the Army or Navy. I
move its reference to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Calais, Maine, in favor of
the passage of the bill to secure cheap trans-
portation of breadstuffs from the West to the
sea-board at uniform rates throughout the
year; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Thad-
deus D. Bryson, of Jackson county, North
Carolina, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of John
Randolph, administrator of the estate of Sarah
A. R. Lord, widow of William A. Lord, pray-
ing for the passage of a bill removing the bar
of limitation in a certain case for damages
arising from illegal seizure and sale of cot-
ton, and referring said cause to the Court of
Claims; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Jane H. J. Greenfield, praying for compen-
sation for spoliations committed on American
commerce by the French prior to the year
1800; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. FENTON presented additional papers
in the matter of the restoration of William
Welch, lieutenant in the United States Navy ;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented two memorials, numerously
signed by citizens of Jefferson and Lewis coun-
ties, New York, remonstrating against the re-
moval of Dr. Stillman Spooner, M. D. of
Oneida, Madison county, New York, from the
office of examining pension surgeon, and pray-
ing that in the proposition now before Congress
for the establishment of a national university
there may be some provision made for one or
of practice ; which were referred* to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of Bernard
Hess, of New York, praying the passage of a
resolution to reimburse him to the amount of
§1,250 80, money by him expended in defend-
ing his authority in the execution of his duty
as an officer of the internal revenue depart-
ment, in New York city; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Shelby
Reed, of Scottsville, Monroe county, New
York, praying Congress to consider the pro-
priety and importance of some action on their
part that will preserve for the use and benefit
of generations to follow timber grown upon
the public lands, and suggesting the submerg-
ing of logs as the only way by which this ob-
ject can be attained; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of John G.
Wicks, late private company L, eighth New
York artillery, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of
Walter C. Dorsett, of Columbia, Maury county,
Tennessee, praying compensation for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1800; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COLE. I present the petition of Green
& Trainor, of Sacramento, California, praying
to be reimbursed for certain losses sustained
by them by being compelled to comply with a
contract a long time after they expected to do
so, and when there had been great deprecia-
tion in the value of United States currency. I
think it a very just claim, and one that should
receive the attention of the Committee on
Claims, to which committee I move the refer-
ence of the petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
James Saunders, of Andrew county, Missouri,
praying that the laws in relation to the public
lands be so amended as to give all men of this
country equal chances and privileges; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of sev-
eral officers and soldiers of the late war, pray-
ing that they may be incorporated under and
by the name of the "Soldiers' National Home-
stead Company," for the purpose of settling
on the public lands of the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE. I present the petition of S.
P. Gilbert, of Harrison, Wisconsin, who rep-
resents that the rights of patentees under the
laws of the United States are very much re-
stricted in some of the States by local legisla-
tion, and he prays for relief against such legis-
lation, I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, asking
for the renewal of the grants of lands hereto-
fore made by the United States to aid in the
construction of a railroad from St. Croix river
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and
to Bayfield ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Margaret
B. Franks, heir-at-law of Thomas L. Franks,
deceased, praying compensation for certain
supplies furnished and services rendered to the
United States for the troops at Fort Crawford.
Illinois, in 1816 and 1817; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Wil-
