1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tti
is no limitation of action at all. It may be
brought ten years after ward or even twenty years
afterward, so far as this act would apply, for,
although we have some limitation acts, they
will not apply to the provisions of this bill if
it should become a law. We have no general
limitation acts, no Federal statute of limita-
tions. We have some acts that apply the
limitations of the State law to the subject, but
not one of those would apply to this bill if it
passed. So that ten years, nay, twenty years
after the act is committed a suit maybe brought
under this bill if it shall become a law. How
different is that from the English statute!
There the claim must be made within seven
days, while the thing is fresh, while the facts
can be discovered ; and if suit is not brought
within three months it cannot be brought at
all; and there the court to try it is a local
court, right in the neighborhood, where the
witnesses can be produced and all the testi-
mony can be heard and the facts can be
ascertained. There is no directing a man
three hundred, four hundred, or five hundred
miles off, but an investigation by that tribunal
which of all others would be most likely to
discover the truth.
But, Mr. President, I said my colleague
would have done well to have looked at the
laws of his own country upon this subject.
What is the theory upon which a municipality
or a county is to be made liable? It is that
the county has been derelict in its duty in pre-
serving the rights of person or of property,
and it is because of that dereliction, and for
no other reason, th^t it is punished by being
made liable for damages. That is the theory
of the law. Is there any such thing in this
bill as it now stands? No, sir; the county
may have performed its duty to the utmost;
it may have the best officers in the world; it
may have the most law-abiding people in the
world ; it may have a population the most dis-
posed of any m the world to protect every man
in his rights; and yet it may be liable uuder
this bill. Nay, more ; it may have seized-the
men who committed the crime, may have con-
victed them, may have put them in the peni
tentiary of the State for the crime, and yet it
is to be liable for damages. Nay, more; if it
is within the State of Maryland or the State
of New York, or any State which has a law
making the municipalities or counties liable
for such damages as these, that State law may
have been put in force; the county may have
responded under the State law ; and yet here is
another law that gives another cause of action,
and the recovery in the State courts is no bar
to the action in the Federal courts. That is
the kind of a law that it is proposed to pass
here.
But, sir, let us see what the laws are. I
know of no law on our statute-books that so
clearly shows what is right, that so clearly
goes upon the correct principle on this sub-
ject, as the act of the State of Maryland ; and
1 ask the Secretary to read it. It consists of
four short sections, and I beg the attention of
the Senate to it, that they may see a law that
is right, and contrast it with a law that has not
a single element of right in it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Section 1. If in any county or incorporated town
or city of this State, any church, chapel, or convent,
any dwelling-house, any house used or designed by
any person or any body-corporate as a place tor the
transaction of business or deposit of property, any
ship, ship-yard, or lumber-yard, any barn, stable, or
other out-house, or any articles of personal property,
shall be injured or destroyed, or if any property
therein shall be taken away, injured, or destroyed
by any riotous or tumultuous assemblage of people,
the full amount of the damage so done shall be
recoverable by the sufferer or sufferers by suit at
law against the county, town, or oity within whoso
jurisdiction such riot or tumult occurred.
"2. No such liability shall be incurred by any
county, incorporated town, or city, unless tho au-
thorities thereof shall have had good reason to bo-
lieve that such riot or tumultuous assemblage was
about to take place, or, having taken place, shall
have had notice of the same in time to prevent said
injury or destruction„either by its own police orwith
the aid of the citizens of such county, town, or oity,
it being the intention of this article that no such lia-
bility shall devolve on such county, town, or city,
unless the authorities, having notice, have also the
ability of themselves, or with their own citizens, to
prevent said injury.
"3. In no caseshall indemnity be received when it
shall be satisfactorily proved that the civil authori-
ties and citizens of said county, town, or city, when
called on by the civil authorities thereof, have used
ali reasonable diligence and all the powers intrusted
to them for the prevention or suppression of such
riotous or unlawful assemblages.
"4. In any suit instituted under this article the
plaintiff may declare generally and give tho special
matter in evidence.'"
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President,
mark the safeguards and justice of this act.
After declaring the liability in the first section,
then comes the second :
"No such liability shallbe incurred by any county,
incorporated town, or city, unless the authorities
thereof shall have had good reason to believe that
such riot or tumultuous assemblage was about to
take place, or, having taken place, shall have had
notice of the same in time to prevent said injury
or destruction, either by its own polioe or with tho
aid of the citizens of such county, town, or city."
Is not that right? Why make the county,
or town, or parish liable when it had no reason
whatsoever to anticipate that any such crime
was about to be committed, and when it had
no knowledge of the commission of the crime
until after it was committed? What justice is
there in that? And if that is true in regard
to a city, as was well said by my friend from
California, with how much more force is it
right in regard to the sparsely-settled places
in a county? Why, sir, what constitutes an
offense under this act? As interpreted by the
chairman who makes the report, if three or
more persons shall tumultuously and riotously
assemble togetherand commit any one of these
outrages, either to property or to person, the
county is to be liable. If three or more per-
sons in the most obscure and out of the way
place in a large county, some of which coun-
ties are almost as large as some of the States
of this Union, shall get together and pull down
an old log barn or an old log school-house, not
worth twenty dollars, the county is to be liable,
although its people have no knowledge in the
world of the meditated riot and no knowledge
of the offense until after it is committed. If
three or more men having some enmity toward
another shall combine together and go in the
night and burn his barn, although the county
knew nothing of it, nobody knew anything of
it but these three men, aud the people knew
nothing of it until the barn was utterly con-
sumed, and therefore the injury could not
have been prevented, according to this bill the
county is to be liable. What justice is there
in any such thing as that? Upon what prin-
ciple can that be sustained for one moment?
You have in this Maryland statute the proper
safeguard, the proper principle upon which
there ought to be responsibility, where respon-
sibility exists.
" It being the intention of this article that no such
liability shall devolve on such county, town, or city,
unless the authorities, having notice, have also tho
ability of themselves, or with thoir own citizens, to
prevent said injury."
But, again, here is another provision, a most
material and wise provision, in the third section
of this Maryland act, and which ought to be in
every such act; but it is not to be found in the
bill now before the Senate:
" In no caseshall indemnity bo received when it is
satisfactorily proved that the civil authorities and
citizens of said county, town, or city, when cabled on
by the civil authorities thereof, haveused all reason-
able diligence and all the powers intrusted to them
lor the prevention or suppression of such riotous or
unlawful assemblages."
Is not thai right? When a riot takes place
and the city calls out its force, does everything
that is possible to put it down, even to the
shooting down of men in the streets, the city,
which has exerted all its power, all the power
that any government in the world could exert,
that shot men down in the streets to put an end
to the not, under this amendment of my col-
league, is to be liable. What justice is there
in any such thing aa that ?
Now, sir, I come next to the statute of New
York, and that contains a provision which
ought to have been in the Maryland statute
and ought to be in every statute on this sub-
ject. The New York statute contains this
same limitation of three months; the suit must
be brought within three months. After pro-
viding the liability, and then that the action
may be brought, the third section of the act
reads as follows:
"No person or corporation shall be entitled to
recovery in any such action, if it shall appear upon
tho trial thereof that such destruction or injury of
property was occasioned, or in any manner aided,
sanctioned, or permitted, by the carelessness or neg-
ligence of such person or corporation."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be the general
common-law principle.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
it will or not. You are not making common
law; you are making a statute here which gov-
erns the case, and that is the statute which
speaks; the common law is silent. I say that,
of all the cases in the world, these very cases
in the South are cases for the application of
that very provision, and it ought to be in this
law; otherwise the law is fatally defective.
But, sir, that is not all. This New York
statute goes on :
"Nor shall any person or corporation be entitled
to recover any damages for any destruction or injury
of property as aforesaid, unless such party shall nave
used all reasonable diligence to prevent suoh dam-
age, and shall have notified the mayor of such city,
or the sheriff of such county, immediately after being
apprised of any threat or attempt to destroy or in-
jure his or their property, by any mob or riot, of the
facts brought to his knowledge."
There is another most wise and salutary pro-
vision. There is no common law for that. That
is pure statute, and it ought to be in this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question right there?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask whether, under the
head of due diligence by any party possessed
of property in its protection, supposing the
law to impose that, the duty of informing the
public authorities if he apprehended the de-
struction of his property would notbeincluded?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir ; I say there is
nothing at all. This is an action not given at
common law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend does not un-
derstand me. I say, granting the obligation
uuder this statute or in aid of itof every prop-
erty holder to exercise all due and active dili-
gence in the protection of his property, would
there not be included in that dur.y the obliga-
tion, if he had information of a threatened
riot to destroy his property, to inform the
public authorities that they might prevent it?
Mr. THURMAN. I see no such obligation
made by tho statute, and the common law does
not apply to the ease beoause the action is not
given at common law, but is apurely statutory
creation. But if there is any such idea as that,
why not put it in the bill? Why leave it to
argument whether it is the law or not ? The
Legislature of New York saw fit to put it in
the statute itself, and they did wisely to put
it there ; and 1 must say myself that I know
of no common law that would prevent a man
from recovering under this statute because he
had failed to go and notify the authorities.
But, sir, let us go on :
"And upon the receipt of such notice, it shall be
the duty of such officer to take all legal means to
protect the property attacked or threatened; and
any such officer or officers who shall refuse or nes-
iect to perioral such duty shall behable to the party
aggrieved for such damages as said party may have
sustained by reason thereof: Provided, Ihat said
party shall elect to bring his action against such
officer instead of such city or county.'
Then further:
"Nothing in this acts'aall he construed topreveut
any person or corporation whose property has been
injured or destroyed by any mob or riot from having
or maintaining an action against each and every
person engaged, or in any manner participating in
such riot or mob."
And then finally:
" No action shall be maintained under the provis-
ions of this act unless the same shall be brought
within three months after the loss or injury."
