1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SCHUEZ. I had already moved that.
Mr. SPENCER. The bill (S. No. 29)
amending an act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, approved July 14,
1870, should be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It is a matter of commerce. It
changes the law as to the transportation of
goods.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference
will be made.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Horace
L. Emery be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Harmon
E. Wentworth be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Military Alfairs.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Gr. A.
Henderson be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Ethan
Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. HILL, it was
Ordered, That J. N. B. Cobb, of Georgia, haveleave
to withdraw from thefilesof the Senate his petition
and papers.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That thepetition and papers of Joaquina
Sierra be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Fred-
erick P. Dimpfel be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of the United States Express Company for loss of
Government bonds be taken from the files of the
Senate and refered to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BORE MAN, it was
Ordered, That R. B. Williamson have leave to
■withdraw from the files of the Senate his petition
and papers.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, Thai the petition and papers of Robert
Brigham be taken from thefilesof the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, it
was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
Pierpont he taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That W. Willey have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Leonidas
Rutseil and Martha L. Russell bo taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Jordan
andMcPike betaken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George
N. Thomas, ou the files of the Senate, betaken there-
from and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in relation
to the transportation of animals on railroads, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Joseph
Lanman, on the files of the Senate, be withdrawn
therefrom and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition a.nd papers of Henry
N. G.ilpin, on the files of the Senate, be withdrawn
therefrom and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly, on the files of the Senate.be taken
therefrom and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to a building for
the use of the post office at Hartford, Connecticut,
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
On motion of Mr. AMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of A. Bur-
well be taken from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John B.
Emerson, praying compensation for the use by the
Government of the United States of an improve-
ment in steam-engines, of which he is the inventor,
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James
M. Ellison be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Catharine Barry be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
LIST OF COMMITTEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that by error and inadvertence one
Senator's name was omitted from the select
committee on alleged outrages in the south-
ern States. The name of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] was omitted. It was
the intention of the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] who introduced the list of com-
mittees, and also the intention of gentlemen
on the right, that the Senator from Missouri
should remain on the committee as he was
during the last session of Congress. If there
is no objection the list of committees will be
corrected accordingly, as the manuscript is
incorrect. It is so ordered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 120) to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 121)
to incorporate the Colorado and New Mexico
Railway Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 122) to define and protect the rights of
miners and to encourage the development of
mines; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Mines and Mining,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 123) for the relief of Ethan A. Sawyer;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 124) to establish the eastern judicial dis-
trict of Kentucky; which was read twicse by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
12-5) to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point on the Union Pacific railroad at
or near Church Butte station, in the Territory
of Wyoming, to the headwaters of Smith's
fork, in the Uinta mountains; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 12G) relating to telegraphic communication
between the United States and foreign coun-
tries; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 127) to amend the act entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United Stateswhich was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 128) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits
of guano," approved August 18, 1856; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
129) for the relief of A. Burwell, of Vicksburg,
Mississippi; which was read twice by its title,
referrred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 130) to reestablish the office
of surveyor at Eastport, Maine; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
131) to confer jurisdiction on the Court of
Claims to hear and determine the suit of
Carondelet vs. The United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 132) to amend an act entitled "An act for
a grant of lands to the State of Iowa in alter-
nate sections to aid in the construction of a
railroad in said State," approved May 12,1804,
and to grant lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from O'Brien county, Iowa, to
the Missouri river; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
133) to restore the name of Captain Thomas H.
Carpenter to the United States Army; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 134)
for the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam machin-
ery ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committeeon NavalAffairs, andordered
to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 135) for the relief of members of
the Shawnee tribe of Indians ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 136) relating to certain lands in the State
of Alabama ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lande,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 137) to authorize the pay-
ment of duplicate checks of disbursing officers;
which was xead twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No_. 138) for the relief of John B. Emerson ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained; leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 139) in relation to the absentee Shawnee
lands in Kansas ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committes on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
