1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
but nevertheless he permitted it to become a
law in the way for which he is most famous—by
his silence. But although men may now hold
office under the United States (save those who
may wish to become members of Congress and
areunder disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment) without taking the oath that they
have given no aid, comfort, &c., to persons in
rebellion against the Government or have not
borne arms against it, yet the oath prescribed
for jurors was suffered, and I believe by some
oversight, to remain upon the statute-book;
and that oath is far more searching and pre-
scriptive than the official test-oath.
Think of the fact that a man in the southern
States lately in rebellion against the United
States Government (and when you say that
you include nineteen twentieths, nay, ninety-
nine hundredths of the white people of that
country capable of bearing arms) should be
compelled before he can sit upon a jury in
any case in the courts of the United States to
swear that he had not, without duress and con-
straint, taken up arms or joined any insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the United States;
that he had not adhered to any insurrection
or rebellion, giving it aid and comfort; that
he had not directly or indirectly given any as-
sistance in money or any other thing to any
person or persons whom he knew or had good
ground to believe had joined or were about
to join said insurrection and rebellion, or had
resisted or were about to resist with force of
arms the execution of the laws of the United
States; and that he had not counseled or
advised any person to join any rebellion against,
. or resist with force of arms, the laws of the
United States.
Now, can any man imagine the individual
living in the southern States during the last
war who had not come in conflict with some
one or more of the provisions of that oath,
who had not "directly or indirectly given any
assistance in money or any other thing?" If
he had held  . cup of water to the mouth of
his dying son or of his wounded brother, that
would have excluded him under the ordinary
interpretation of this oath. Had he given the
smallest sum of money, given food, shelter,
or clothing, or assistance in any way, he is
excluded.
Then, virtually, when you allowed such atest
as that to be put to a community composed
as you knew the southern States were, when
you knew the combination of all their forces
arrayed in battle, does it not amount, and was
it not intended to amount, to complete exclu-
sion of every man who had even lived in that
country during the war upon the ordinary
terms of human affinity with its inhabitants ?
Mr. President, trial by jury was the method
known, an inheritance to us, one of the fore-
most guarantees of personal liberty. It needs
no eulogium from me, nor do I propose to pass
one now upon it, but simply to say it was im-
bedded in our customs, in our laws, in the very
charter of the Government that was framed
for us. In the third article and second section
of the Constitution it is provided that—
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of im-
peachment, shall be by jury."
But, not satisfied with that, before the people
of the United States were content to let the
Constitution rest without amendment, they
insisted, and by the sixth article of amend-
ments obtained, the additional guarantee that—
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial ju *y of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed."
Will any fair-minded man say that a southern
man to day can be tried for offenses of the polit-
ical character described in this bill, and have
an impartial jury in that country, when any one
that comes forward who directly or indirectly
had given any assistance in money, or in any
other thing, to a person whom he knew was
engaged in armed hostility to the United
States, is excluded? Can he have an impar-
tial jury excluding all men of that class?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend whether
if you take in that class there will be an im-
partial jury ?
Mr. BAYARD. It is the best means you
will have to obtain one; bat in my opinion
you will have an impartial jury, just as impar-
tial a jury as the men of the North would be.
Let us put the boot on the other leg; let us go
to some community where sentiments such as
have been indicated by the honorable Senator
from Vermont toward the southern people pre-
vail, and let us there say that a man shall not
have, upon a jury that tries him or his friends,
any man who held his views during the late
war, and insist that those men, and those men
alone, shall sit upon the jury, the verdict of
which shall decide his life or his safety, and
that no man shall sit there who held his opin-
ions, or in any way, by his vote or otherwise,
assisted to carry them out during the war, would
he consider that an impartial jury? No, sir.
This test-oath as it now stands amounts to
an unlimited cause of peremptory challenge
in the communities in which this law is in-
tended to have effect; and I say that when
you exclude from a man's jury the vicinage
from which juries originally were drawn,
whose knowledge of the affair and of him were
intended to affect the verdict they were to
render, you no longer try him by his peers,
you no longer try him by an impartial jury,
but by a jury in which the only elements that
shall be exercised in the formation of their ver-
dict are those which shall be unfavorable to
him, and there shall be no leanings whatever
to mercy's side.
Mr. President, it was not intended, as has
been suggested by my friend from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Casserly,] that by the word " im-
partial " the jury should be just-minded
men alone, but it meant that they were to be
selected without favor in the case. That was
the intention, that they should be good men
and true, selected without favor. That was to
be one of the securities of our citizens against
injustice.
By retaining these sections of the law you
have completely excluded the intent and the
language of the Constitution under which this
law is professed to have been drawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
my friend, I should like to ask him whether
all this does not narrow itself right down to
this question: whether, in a criminal trial
against the laws of the United States, you are
to fill up the jury-box with the violators of
the laws, possibly accomplices of the offense,
or whether you are to fill up the panel with
people who have not violated the law?
Mr. BAYARD. As I apprehend, we are
now in a time of peace, that the men who are
to be summoned on our juries are our fellow-
citizens ; and if we expect them to act as they
should, we must treat them as we ought. Thai
is plain. We profess to select impartial juries,
men chosen without favor, in respect of their
present character and acts. If the acts for
which we were trying these men were com-
mitted during the war, then the objection of
the honorable Senator from Vermont might
have some pertinency. If we were trying men
for acts in the commission of which they had
been banded together, there might be some
reason to say " You shall not take one man out
and try him by a dozen others who have com-
mitted a like offense." But that is not the
case at all. I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator that there is no reason in his suggestion,
it does not apply in the least to oar present
case. If this law was meant to punish offenses
committed during the war, then 1 could under-
stand why he would object to having as jurors
men who had been in the southern army ; bat
when we are trying offenses long since the
war, does he mean to say that men who have
ever been in the southern service are incapable
of forming an impartial jury ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I will say that this jury-oath business was
not meant to punish any offense; but if there
is any distinction between crime and innocence,
then there is some value to the community in
excluding from the jury-box all the time and
in all cases men who are open and notorious
and known violators of some law which is of
high importance, like traitors, if I do not offend
anybody by using that term. That section
applies to it.
Mr. BAYARD. Then the result of the hon-
orable Senator's argument is that the people
of the southern States who were engaged in
war against this Government are not fit to sit
upon juries at all. That is the doctrine, for
this section not only provides that there shall
be a special oath prescribed, t.o which I have
notjhe least objection, but it first declares
that—
Every such juror shall, before entering upon any
such inquiry, hearing, or trial, take and subscribe
an oath m open court that he has never, directly or
indirectly, counseled, advised, or voluntarily aided
any such combination or conspiracy.
That oath is proper and just; I admit it
would have been a proper cause for challenge
without this clause, and I am perfectly willing
that it should stand as a test; but I do say that
the doctrine here averred by the honorable Sen-
ator in the Senate will simply prevent him from
summoning any man on a jury in the southern
States who had ever been in the southern
army, or had ever assisted those who were
there. If that is the proposition, let it be
understood ; let the people of the country
know and understand the shocking extent of
disfranchisement proposed by the Senator and
his party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I will state to him that I have not asserted
any proposition at all. I was merely stating
one for his consideration. I should take too
much of his time at this moment were I to
assert my proposition on the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator did
assert his proposition, and we all know that
few men are better able to assert propositions
more adroitly and distinctly than himself where
he desires to do so; and he did say here dis-
tinctly, whatever he raay say hereafter, that
there was a justification for applying this test,
because men who had been traitors, as^ he
termed them, who had taken up arms against
the Government, should be excluded from the
juries which were to try other men who had
been in like case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the discretion of the
court.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; the gentleman
puts that in now. It is in the law also; he
did not even restrict his proposition to that;
but the section not only prescribes this test to
jurors of exclusion, but it also prescribes that
the judgment of the court shall be exercised
to ascertain whether the juror was in compli-
city with such combinations, and exclude him
in the discretion of the judge.
Mr. President, of whom will your juries be
formed when this test is applied? I do not
believe that one respectable white man out of
one thousand in the southern States can take
that oath. The Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States cannot take it. Senators on this
floor from whom you have removed disabil-
ities cannot take it. Most of the warmest
and strongest supporters of your policy and
your party in the South cannot take it. I he
most truthful and honorable men in that whole
country cannot take it. Your juries then must
be composed of negroes, and even they, if
their conscience be examined and their intel-
ligence quickened, will frequently be unable
to take it; for the offices of kindness, of sup-
