70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
appointed and their salaries fixed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, on the nomination and recommend-
ation of the appraiser.
Sec.4. ThatthecollectoratNewYorkshall detail
a storekeeper, and such number of clerks and other
employes as may, by the Secretary of the Treasury,
be deemed necessary to perform the duty of receiving
packages designated for examination at the public
stores, and of delivering the same after examination
therefrom; and that all supplies, except stationery
for the appraiser's department, shall be furnished
by the collector, on monthly estimates submitted
by the appraiser to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and approved by him; and all repairs or alterations
needed in the public store and appraiser's depart-
ment at said port of New York shall be made on
the recommendation of the appraiser, in such man-
ner as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct.
Sec. 5. That the salaries of collectors, naval offi-
cers, surveyors, and other officers and employes in
the districts and ports of Boston, Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, New Orleans, and San Francisco shall be as
follows:
To the collectors of customs at each of said ports,
$7,000 per annum.
To the naval officers and surveyors at each of said
ports,$4,000per annum: Provided, That such assist-
ants, deputies, clerks, inspectors, and other officers
and employes shall be appointed at said ports by the
Secretary of the Treasury, upon the nomination and
recommendation of the respective officers aforesaid,
and at such salaries as in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may be proper.
Sec. 6. That instead of the officers now employed at
the ports last named for the appraisement of mer-
chandise, there shall be one appraiser appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, for each of said ports, whose compen-
sation shall be $5,OOOper annum; that suck assistant
appraisers, examiners, clerks, verifiers,samplers, and
openers and packers as may, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be needed for the proper
performance of the business of appraisement at each
of said ports, .at salaries to bo fixed by him, shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, upon
the nomination of each of said appraisers. The
duties to be performed by the appraisers of the last-
mentioned ports shall be of the same character and
under the same regulations, as far as practicable, as
those in force in the appraisers' department at the
port of New York; that the salaries of the officers
of customs at the ports and districts not above
enumerated shall be fixed by the Secretary of the
Treasury at rates commensurate with the dutiesand
responsibilities devolving upon them respectively,
iu no case to exceed that now or heretofore received
by them from salaries, perquisites, moieties, and
other sources whatevor.
Skc. 7. That all officers of customs requiring the
concurrence of the Senate shall bo appointed for
the term of four years, and shall hold their offices
respectively until thoir successors shall have been
appointed and duly qualified; and such officers shall
not bo removed during tho term of such appoint-
ment except for cause, and before any removal shall
be mado such officer shall be furnished with a copy
of tho charges against him, and have an oppor-
tunity of being heard in his defense.
Sec. 8. That all fines and penalties, and tho pro-
ceeds of all condemnations paid to, received, or
recovered by any .collector or other officer of tho
customs of the United States, and no portion thereof
shall be paid or distributed to any oiheer of the Uni-
ted States, under or by virtue of any seizure, com-
plaint, or proceeding, shall be paid into the Treas-
ury of tho United States, for any violations of the
custom revenuo laws of the United States, except
that where attempts at smuggling are detected, and
seizure of the merchandize so attempted to be smug-
gled is actually made, the officer or officers actually
making the seizure shall be entitled to ono fourth
ot the proceeds thereof, after deducting all costs
and oxpenses of condemnation and the duties accru-
ing on the goods to tho United States.
Sec. 9. That where seizuro, followed by condem-
nation, shall be mado of merchandise, for any viola-
tion or attempted violation ot tho customs laws, and
where fines, penalties, or forfeitures shall be con-
lectod or recovored under said law, in consequence
of information given by any person not an officer
of the United States, one fourth of the proceeds of
such seizures, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, after
deducting all proper costs and charges, and the
duties accruing on tho merchandise to the United
btates, sh^rbepaid over to such informer.
bEC. 10. That no action for the violation of the cus-
toms revenue laws of the United States, and no pros-
ecution for crime committed in tho violation ot said
laws, shall be had or maintained unless the same sh all
have been commenced within six years next after
the penalty or forfeiture was incurred, or after the
date of the commission of such crime.
Sec. 11. That it shall be tho duty of every officer
and employe of the customs revenue service in tho
united States upon detection of any violation of the
customs laws to makecomplaintthereof.andseethat
it is immediately lodged with tho district attorney
of the district m which such fraudshallbe committed.
Immediately upon tho rcceipt of such complaint it
shall be the duty of tho district attorney with whom
such information is lodged to cause investigation of
the facts to be made before aXJnited States commis-
sioner, and if such fraud has been committed, to
initiate proper legal proceedings to recover the fines
and penalties in thepromises, and to cause the arrest
°i ciL6 offender or offenders, and to present a case to
the first grand jury that maybe sitting; in his district
xlter the discovery of the facts, for indictment of the
Jltenders for the crime committed, and to prosecute
with the utmost diligence and dispatch until judg-
ment shall he obtained.
Sec. 12. That it shall not be lawful for any officer
of customs, special agent, or district attorney to com-
promise or settle any claim of the United States
arising under the customs laws, or relieve from any
fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or fail to prosecute any
offender against said laws, without the authority and
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury or the
President; and any officer or person who shall so
compromise or settle any such claim, or relieve from
such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or fail to prosecute
as aforesaid, with such authority and direction, shall
be guilty of a felony, and, on conviction thereof,
shall suffer imprisonment not exceeding ten and
not less than one year, and be.fined not exceeding
$10,000.
Sec. 13. That the Secretary of tho Treasury shall,
from time to time, make such regulations as he may
deem necessary for the conduct and management
of the bonded warehouses, general-order stores, and
other depositories of the imported merchandise
throughout the United States; all regulations or
orders issued by collectors of customs in regard there to
shall be subject to revision, alteration, or revocation
by him; and no warehouse Shall be bonded, and no
general-order store established without his author-
ity and approval.
Sec. 14. That the system of the public cartage of
merchandise in the custody of the Government shall
be subject to the regulations and approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 15. That all fees, of whatever name or nature,
collected by officers of customs iu the United States,
and not expended as provided by law, shall be paid
into the Treasury, and quarterly returns shall be
made of the receipts, disbursements, and surplus of
such fees to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. IS. That all acts and parte of acts inconsistent
with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Sec. 17. That this shall take effect July 1,1871.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I hardly ex-
pect to do more at present than to call atten-
tion to the important subject presented by the
bill I have introduced looking to a reform in
the customs service of the United States; but
I trust to renew the discussion next session,
and hope then to obtain a favorable expression
of the Senate.
I do not exaggerate in asserting that our
present customs service, as practically admin-
istered, mainly under laws framed at an early
period in our national history, when the mag-
nitude of our commerce and the modes and
channels of conducting commerce differed so
essentially from the present day, is entirely
inadequate duly to protect the interests of the
Government, is injurious to the honest im-
porter, and encourages the perpetration of
fraud by offering inducement to the commis-
sion of crime. Without entering now in detail
upon the consideration of the special features
of this bill, I will state that the information
elicited under the authority of the resolution
I had the honor to introduce on the 14th of
December last, and to which response has
recently been made by the Secretary of the
Treasury, tends to establish the following im-
portant facts:
First. That large amounts of money are
received by collectors and other officers from
those who have defrauded the revenue upon
settlement of cases of fraud orsmuggling, under
judgments obtained in court, usually by con-
fession; and that the amount of money tlius
received at the port of New York since the 1st
day of January, 1870, will not fall short of the
sum of $500,000.
Second. That out of the moneys so received
by the Treasury one half has been paid to the
collector, naval officer, and surveyor, and to
informers, making the pay of the above-named
officials at the port of New York ai least
$50,000 each per annum.
Third. That the names of the operators in
fraud and smuggling and the names of those
who profit by their crime are, to a large extent,
disclosed.
Fourth. That of all the criminals engaged
in defrauding the revenue but few have been
presented to the grand jury, and fewer con-
victed, for several years past.
Fifth. That while the present system of
moieties continues, it is made the direct pecun-
iary interest of the officers named that this
species of crime should go unpunished and the
fraudulentpractiees continue to be perpetrated.
Sixth. That when judgment is obtained or set-
tlement made with parties who have defrauded
the revenue by false weights, or false quantities
and qualities of goods, the Government does
not receive the full duties to which it is entitled
before dividing the amount thus received with
the officers of customs and informers.
Seventh. That often frauds of great magni-
tude are not discovered until after the lapse
of the time fixed by law—two years—which
limits criminal prosecution._
Eighth. That the expenditure for collection
of customs is more than is required.
Ninth. That while the salaries and perqui-
sites of some of _Uie officials are greatly in
excess of what is atHquate to their duties and
responsibilities, the salaries of other sare too
small.
Tenth. That in some departments or divis-
ions more officers are employed than are neces-
sary, while in others men are worked to their
fullest capacity.
Eleventh. That the present manner of con-
ducting the warehouse business needs reform,
and that officers of the customs, it is believed,
are to some extent interested in the business,
which is alike improper and illegal.
Twelfth. That the general-order business
as at present conducted is injurious to the
interests of the merchants, subjecting them to
increased expenditure, and frequently causing
great delay, thereby enhancing the price at
which goods can be placed upon the market
for consumption, which is a tax upon the
consumer and an injury to the Government.
Thirteenth. That the present system of pub-
lic cartage needs reforming.
I will not now dwell upon these several
points, and I am not sure that it will be im-
portant or necessary at any time, as the mere
statement of facts will suffice to incline those
who are well disposed to give a full and fair
investigation to the whole subject. To such
the bill I present as a remedy for the abuses
known or believed to exist will find ample
justification, while no amount of testimony
will be sufficient for those who desire to per-
petuate the present order of things. I will
refer, however, to the fact that under the pres-
ent system the collector, naval officer, and sur-
veyor enjoy powers, privileges, and benefits
which, while pecuniarily advantageous to them,
tend directly to draw money from the Treasury
that legitimately belongs to the Government.
In support of this it is only necessary to exam-
ine the laws, deeisiona, and authorities which
allow these officers moieties of the fines, pen-
alties, and forfeitures exacted by judgments of
courts, or upon settlements from offenders
against the various custom laws and the prac-
tices which have thus grown up and prevail.
It will be found that the seizures of goods
attempted to be smuggled into the port of New
York during the last three years have amount-
ed to an annual average of over three hundred
thousand dollars. In addition to this, full
$500,000 has been collected from fines and
penalties for defrauding the revenue. The
goods seized generally come- within the class
called luxuries, and are those which pay the
highest rates of duty, or are of the greatest
value; such, for instance, as silks paying sixty
per cent, ad valorem; bay oil, which pays six
hundred per cent., and other essential oils;
laces, diamonds, watches, and jewels of all
descriptions. With reference to the class of
importers who have by false invoices, or by
fraud and collusion, defrauded the revenue, it
will be found that they are mainly those who
have no real interest in our Government or its
credit, but aliens, and agencies representing
foreign houses.
And here I desire to accept the favorable
opportunity presented by this discussion to
repel an imputation recently made in this
Chamber, to the effect that the interests of
the prominent New York merchants are not
identical with a faithful and honest adminis-
tration of the customs department; that they
are prone to complain when the officers in
charge do well, and to be i^uiet when corrupt
