1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
in every particular. I think the amendment
is justly subject to the criticism of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Tiihrman] in his remarks
upon it this afternoon.
But I doubt the constitutionality of the
amendment. This General Government, as I
understand it, deals with States and with citi-
zens. It does not know such things as towns,
parishes, and counties. They are the integral
parts of States; they are entirely under the
government of the States as political corpora-
tions, andthe Constitution of the United States
recognizes no relation between the Federal
Government and these subordinate political
corporations.
Mr. President, the State has the exclusive
and the supreme control of the subject of tax-
ation with two exceptions, that it cannot tax
property of the United States, and that its
own property is subject to taxation as provided
in the Constitution of the United States. That
is well settled by a number of adjudicated
cases which are familiar to many Senators. In
the ease of Gibbons vi. Ogden—I read from
Paschal—it is said :
" The j urisdiotion of the State for purposes ofState
taxation"—
And this is State taxation ; this is to com-
pensate the citizens of a State for injury done—
"The jurisdiction of the State for purposes of State
taxation is supreme, and Congress can liave no power
or control in this regard."
The State, we know by decisions, has the
right to collect all its taxes in gold and silver,
notwithstanding the legal-tender act. By a
decision made in the Supreme Court during
this session of Congress they have adjudged
the law to be unconstitutional which imposed
a tax upon the salary of a State officer, so
carefully do they guard the government of the
States.
I do not find that the fourteenth amendment
changes the Constitution in this regard. I do
not find that that amendment gives the Federal
Government any greater compass and extent
of taxation than it possessed before. That
amendment authorizes this Government to
protect the rights of citizens. But the town
or the county has committed 110 crime. Ithas
in no manner forfeited itsj right to regulate
its own taxation. Why, sir, by the common
law and by common right a city, a town, or a
county is under no possible obligation to make
compensation for damages.
If the proposition I have stated is not true
this Government would to-day be liable to
make compensation for all the damages that
have resulted from the rebellion in the south-
ern country. If the obligatian to make com-
pensation rested upon a Government which
failed to preserve the peace, then this Govern-
ment would be under obligation to make com-
pensation for all the damages whichhavebeen
done by the rebellion in the South; for why
did not we keep the peace ?
The principle of the Government is, that a
Government is assumed to do all it can to pre-
serve peace and order in society. The obliga-
tion to make compensation for injury resulting
from riot is, by arbitrary enactment of stat-
utes, affirmatory law, and the reason of pass-
ing the statute is to secure a more perfect
police regulation. The State of Pennsylvania
says that the city of Philadelphia shall pay for
damages resulting from riot, just for the pur-
pose of making the city of Philadelphia more
careful in all its police regulations. I submit
that the police regulations of towns and coun-
ties are exclusively with the towns and coun-
ties, and they have in no manner forfeited to
the Federal Government their right to make
those police regulations or to impose their
own taxes.
Therefore I do not see that the fourteenth
amendment has changed the case in the least.
We deal with States; we deal with the citizens :
but I do not see in that amendment anything
which authorizes the Congress of the United
States to regulate the police regulations of the
cities and counties of New York and New Jer-
sey. We must remember that we are legislat-
ing for this whole nation, that we are legislat-
ing for all time, and we must touch with care
the framework of our Government. There-
fore I hope to see this provision of the bill,
which was not reported by the committee,
which met with its disapprobation, taken from
the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What right has my friend
to say that it met the disapprobation of the
committee?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Merely bccause
it is the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not the fact ; my
friend will pardon me for saying so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There we are
at issue. I say it was introduced in the com-
mittee and rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator says it was
introduced in the committee and rejected.
That is not the fact, if we are to talk about
what took place in committee. The commit-
tee was equally divided upon the substance of
the proposition when the vote was taken.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not know
that I was violating any propriety; but if it
was an affirmative proposition and we were
equally divided, I submit to the Senate who
states the fact correctly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well ; so do I.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I was amused with the short speech made by
ray honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton.] The staple of the speech seemed to -be
this; that anything which the Democratic party
contended to be tight was wrong; at any rate,
that he adopted it as wrong. The honorable
Senator narrated some measures that had been
passed by the Republican party, all of which he
said had been resisted by tlie Democratic party
upon theground that they were unconstitutional.
I thought that the most of the propositions he
recited were utterly unconstitutional, and had
no warrant, of legitimate power for their pas-
sage by Congress. But at the time the hon-
orable Senator was making that enumeration
it occurred to me, and I inquired of myself,
how long it had been since he himself was a
Democrat. If I am informed aright, he was
born and bred and educated in that school;
and when he left it I am not informed, and if
my honorable friend was present 1 would ask
him for information upon that interesting
point.
If my honorable friend from Indiana were
present I would suggest one or two constitu-
tional scruples that I have in my own mind to
the measure under consideration. I will pro-
ceed to state them.
The amendment offered by my honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr. Siieu.wanJ authorizes
any person whose house is burned by a riotous
assemblage in any county, city, or parish to
institute a suit against that municipal corpora-
tion and to recover the value of the property,
and after there has been a judgment against
the corporation, and ithas paid the amount of
the judgment, this bill then authorizes the
corporation to sue the wrong-doer. Where is
the warrant in the Constitution that authorizes
Congress to pass a law to empower any State
corporation whatever to bring a suit for an
injury done to that corporation ? There are
sundry very able and learned constitutional
lawyers who advocate this bill, and among
them the very astute and learned lawyer who
has it in his management. I ask him to inform
me and the Senate where there is any warrant
in the Constitution of the United States which
authorizes Congress to pass a law allowing a
State municipal corporation to maintain a suit
for a wrong directly or indirectly done to that
municipal corporation.
I will proceed a step further. This bill
makes it a penal offense against the United
States for a combination of persons to violate
a penal law of a State. Take the State of
Kentucky or any other State; it lias its penal
laws; if they are violated, here is a provision
of this bill which makes the violation by the
people of a State of a State penal law a crim-
inal offense against the United'States. I ask
the honorable Senator where does he derive
the power for Congress to pass a law making
a violation of a State penal law an offense
against the United States? I say it is a sole-
cism.
Mr. • SIIERMAN. I ask my friend from
Kentucky where is the authority in the Con-
stitution of the United States for any muni-
cipal corporation or any other kind of a cor-
poration to sue or be sued in the courts of the
United States, and yet it is done every day ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. That is a very
different matter, if my honorable friend will
allow me to make the suggestion. It is an
absurdity, it is a perfect solecism for one gov-
ernment to pass laws to enforce the criminal
laws of another government. Suppose Con-
gress should pass a law making it penal for any
citizen of the United States to cross into her
Majesty's dominions on this continent and vio-
late tlie penal law of the land, would not the
idea of Congress passing a law thus to enforce
the penal laws and to punish the infraction
of the penal laws of the British provinces
in America strike everybody as supremely
absurd? It is only less absurd for Congress
to pass laws to make the violation of a penal
State law a criminal offense against the United
States and for it to be punished in the courts
of the United States.
But, Mr. President,, I will go a step further
in this line of thought. The Constitution pro-
vides that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them a,gainst invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence.'"
Here i3 a precedent condition expressed in
plain and explicit language upon which the
Government of the United States shall inter-
pose in the affairsof a State, andthatprecedent,
conditionis, that the Governmentof the United
States shall be first applied to by the Legisla-
ture of a State in which there is domestic vio-
lence, if the Legislature be in session, and if
it be not in session, that the Executive or
Governor of the State shall make the applica-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the honorable
Senator a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask liim whether he
finds any such limitation upon the power of
Congress and the President in that other part
of the Constitution which says that Congress
may pass all laws to provide for suppressing
insurrections?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. My answer to
the very acute Senator from Vermont is this :
that, where the Constitution makes an express
provision for any case, it excludes every other
provision in relation to that matter. When-
ever the Constitution has provided an express
remedy for a particular state of case, the appli-
cation of that express remedy is the exclusion
of every other remedy of the same matter;
and that is a universal rule in the construction
of the Constitution by all of our courts. My
position is that the United States Government
cannot interfere in the domestic concerns of
a State under pretext of suppressing domestic
violence unless the State Legislature or the
Governor has made express application to the
Government, of the United States. That posi-
tion is as distinctly and as explicitly laid down
by Mr. Justice Story in his Commentaries upon
the Constitution as it is possible for a position
to be.
But there is stronger authority than that.
This very matter of the interference by the
General Government in the affairs of a State
was the subject of long and anxious and re-
peated debate in the Convention which framed
the Constitution. It was proposed by Mr.
