1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
men and official incompetency prevail. This
is alike unfounded and unjust. I suppose there
i.s no equal number of business men in any
country who stand higher in the probity of busi-
ness intercourse, or whose intelligence, integ-
rity, and generosity will have the advantage by
comparison with them.
Mr. President, I resent with indignation any
reflection upon the character of such men as
the Stewarts, the Chittendens, the Dodges,
and others in that long list of the successful
men of New York. I mention the names of
these gentlemen only as they were referred to
by name in the previous discussion to which
1 have alluded. Leaving the question of right
and wrong wholly out of consideration, and
even supposing that these large importers dis-
regard principle and eschew upright and hon-
orable conduct, it is nevertheless for their own
pecuniary interest that smuggling and fraud
be detected and punished and its existence
cease. They cannot afford to make false in-
voices or attempt the smuggling business, and
their own protection requires that every im-
porter should be compelled to pay alike the
duties the law imposes on the goods imported.
Their business is too large and regular for
safety or security to be found in any other
rule or practice.
In turning from this somewhat personal view
of the matter to broader aspects of the sub-
ject, I may properly refer to other forms of
iraud and mismanagement under the present
customs regulations, as follows:
1. The rendering of false weights by un-
faithful or corrupt Government weighers, or
the substitution by liquidating officers of false
for correct returns of weights, whereby, in both
cases, duty is levied upon much less than the
actual quantity of merchandise imported.
2. The presentation of false invoices, on
which, either by deception or collusion with
customs officers, the importer succeeds in get-
ting particular cases ordered for examination
which do not represent the balance of the
goods.
3. The entry of invoices which do not spe-
cify the quantity of goods contained in each
case, getting the order for examination and
afterward falsely inserting such particulars on
the invoice entries. When frauds of this char-
acter are detected and cases are made up which
clearly establish the liability of the importer to
a certain amount, a settlement may be arranged
upon some basis deemed satisfactory, with or
without proceeding CO prosecution and judg-
ment. Then, instead of the Government first
receiving the amount of duties to which it is
entitled under the law, the whole amount is
treated as a tine. This is divided up accord-
ingly between the collector, naval officer, and
surveyor, and individuals styled informers, the
Government having a portion, but often far
less than the amount of duties which would
have been collected had there been no fraud.
The bill now under consideration looks to a
thorough reorganization of the customs depart-
ment, under such regulations and safeguards
as will, in my opinion, give greater efficiency
to the revenue service and remedy the abuses
of which we know and now complain. I shall
fail in my object if it shall not, if placed in oper-
ation, afford increased protection, in a large
degree, to the interests of commerce and of the
Government. It is true, as the law now stands,
fraud, forgery, and smuggling in the matter of
the customs duties are declared fo be felony,
punishable by fine and imprisonment. Yet no
case of punishment can be found, I believe, for
these offenses on the records of the courts in
the city of New York. It would seem, there-
fore, that the collector, naval officer, surveyor,
and "informers" were not slow to perceive
their common interest in the pecuniary bene-
fits growing out of a compromise with viola-
tions of the revenue laws, a compromise with
crime. At least, a common cause in personal
gain must suggest the less annoying and more
direct method which is to be found in these
settlements with offenders against the integrity
of the revenue and the laws. It is also true
that it is often difficult upon the commence-
ment of fraud to detect it. Experience has
shown that even more than two years may
elapse before the discovery, and this completes
the period when the statute of limitations may
interpose and afford immunity from criminal
punishment. These cases are not necessarily
numerous, but sufficient to furnish an excuse,
even if they are not purposely increased to
afford an excuse, by Government officers for
not prosecuting in such cases criminally. In
any event, the statute of limitations should be
changed.
It is not good policy, nor is it just, to permit
any officer of the Government, or other person,
to obtain from the public service the enormous
sums now realized in the manner I have indi-
cated, or indeed in any other way. Why should
the collector at New York, the surveyor, or the
naval officer, be permitted by law to make
$50,000 and upward per annum, each, out of
the public positions they hold ? Is it earned
by reason of the surpassing ability of those
officers or of the unequaled responsibility
devolved upon them? No one pretends this.
The Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States receives but $8,000 per annum.
I will not dwell upon other features of the
bill, but in passing remark that it concedes the
right and necessity of a seizure and examina-
tion of books and papers in certain cases. It
seeks, however, to limit this exercise of au-
thority within a prudent yet liberal construc-
tion of the interests of the Government. I
am sure there does not exist in the whole his-
tory of the customs department a more pal-
pable violation of the private rights of the citi-
zen than the present practice under the law as
it now stands. The select committee who have
made some investigation of New York customs
affairs say, in their report of the 3d instant:
" In this connection the committee feel constrained
by the testimony of the collector and other parties
to say that great frauds have heretofore been prac-
ticed upon the Government by false appraisals of
damaged goods, but they are happy to learn from
the statistics furnished by the oollector, and from
other evidence which we commend to a careful ex-
amination, that this department has been greatly
improved under* its present efficient management.
In the_ course of this investigation the committee
have discovered some very pernicious practices in-
volvingtheintegrity of employes. There are chronic
evils which have come down through many years,
and are so thoroughly intrenched in the practice of
the custom-house as to impress the committee with
the belief that though they may be partially removed
by an able and honest administration, they cannot
be wholly eradicated until public offices shall cease
to be administered m the interests ot politics, and
men shall be appointed to office on account of their
integrity and capacity to fulfill the duties devolving
upon them in public business. In the view of your
committee, the custom-house of New York, as well
as all other departments of the Government, should
be administered on the same principles upon which
private business is conducted. Many of the infelici-
ties and abuses which have come to the knowledge
of the committee during their investigation have
arisen from a neglect or perversion of custom-house
regulations, and can only be reached and remedied
by«a Ctetermined^nd enorgetic use of the power in
the hands of thfcollector and his heads of depart-
ments. This task may be herculean, and may demand
time, but we believe it can be done if the officers are
left to their duties and held strictly accountable for
their discharge."
"Without attempting to analyze the testimony
taken by the committee, it seems to me appar-
ent that the conclusion to be derived from the
whole matter, points toward civil service
reform as needful to the integrity, economy,
and efficiency of the revenue service. I could
with equal propriety embrace in this summary
of their investigations the political as well as
the public interests involved. I am well aware
that principles, in a large measure, must be
enforced through party organization, and in
no step toward civil service reform would I
commit a wrong against the former or impair
the latter. It is also true that the very essence
of popular government lies in associated polit-
ical action, and the cause which embarrasses
the one, strikes at the other. But it is no less
true that the beneficent operation of this prin-
ciple is greatly impaired when led to the ex-
treme of attempting frequent changes in civil
employments. There is, then, this difficulty
as^well as danger, that parties seek perpetu-
ation by the use of patronage. The effect is
seen in an increasing habit of subserviency
and less unselfish and faithful devotion to the
public welfare. It is painful to contemplate
the tendency apparent toward a condition in
which the various departments of the social
structure will become subordinate to the strife
and intrigue of political movements. It may
be said that for every office adequate qualifi-
cations should be exactSd from the candidate,
and there should also be general confidence in
his character and integrity and in his faithful
and honorable political conduct. When ap-
pointed, if his suitability in these respects
becomes manifest, he should not be removed
during the usual period of an administration.
The few remarks which I have presumed at
this brief session to ask the Senate to consider
will suffice to explain, and I trust to justify, my
conviction that a genuine and thorough reform
in our civil service, and especially in the cus-
toms department of this Government, has be-
come indispensable. I submit that those who
hold positions under the Government should
be faithful servants of the Republic and her laws,
not suppliant tools of the appointing power.
I desire that they may be incited to the utmost
fidelity to the country and our institutions,
rather than to the public servant who discharges
an official responsibility in appointing or nom-
inating them.
The doctrine that " to the victors belong the
spoils of the vanquished" may once have been
applicable to the bestowment of official places;
but if so, I deem it applicable no longer. The
patronage of the Government of the United
States is so vast, the offices to be filled are so
numerous, that the public interest forbids that
they be filled and refilled as ambition or party
caprice may dictate. I plead for the adoption
of a purer and nobler system, under which the
capable and faithful officer shall, like his supe-
rior in the highest place, be irremovable during
his allotted term of service, except for sufficien t
and evident cause.
With that view, so far as applicable to the
customs department, I have submitted the fol-
lowing section of the bill:
That all officers of customs requiring the concur-
rence of the Senate shall be appointed for the term
of four years, and shall hold their offices respectively
until their successors shall have been appointed and
duly qualified; andsuch officersshall not be removed
during the term of such appointment except lor
cause, and before any removal shall be made sucli
officer shall be furnished with a copy of the charges
against him, and have an opportunity of being heard
in his defense.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee does the Senator from New York desire
that the bill be referred?
Mr. PENTON. I should like to have the
bill referred to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill for the
relief of NicETolas P. Trist is before the Senate :
but the Senator from Massachusetts yielded to
allow the Senator from New York to submit
his remarks on Senate bill No. 2. Does he
yield to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to say a word on
the question of reference.
Mr. THURMAN. That is exactly what I
wish to say a word on.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will say my word
after the Senator from Ohio gets through.
Mr. THURMAN. If the select Committee
on Retrenchment had not been abolished, obvi-
ously tins bill would be sent to that committee ;
and I take this occasion to ask why that com-
mittee was abolished. It was the only stand-
ing committee charged with the duty of investi-
