1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
' common sense of mankind, that portion of it
who have any knowledge of language, who
have any principles of public law, that rebel-
lion consists and can only consist in an armed,
avowed attempt to throw oft'the obligation and
power of a government to which a man is
bound, or it is an open, armed, and declared
resistance of the execution of the laws of the
government to which he owes fealty.
Sir, your party come here and propose to
tamper with that term. What is an ex post
fasto law? What does that mean ? You know
as well as anybody. What does a bill of at-
tainder mean ? You know as well as anybody.
What does treason mean ? It is defined by the
Constitution, and it is defined in conformity to
the statute of Edward III. You know, sir,
what all these phrases mean, and you know the
rights and the liberties of the people that hang
upon the meaning which they had at the time
the Constitution was adopted, and which they
now have everywhere except in the Halls of
Congress. You know, sir, everybody knows,
that every attempt to vary the meaning sub-
stantially of those terms, oroftheterm "rebel-
lion," or the term "invasion," is altogether
beyond the competence of Congress. It has
110 such power. The power is not given to
Congress to do those things, by the Constitu-
tion. If it attempts to do them, it is by the
sheerest usurpation.
The Democrats have been taunted—I do not
know whether I was included or not—that
they would encourage resistance to these un-
constitutional laws. I confess to the impeach
ment. I do not want an armed, violent resist-
ance ; but the resistance of reason, of argument,
of examination, of canvass at the polls, every
resistance that can possibly be made, I am for
invoking ray countrymen and all of them to
make. They have no higher duty to them-
selves, their country, their children, or the free
institutions of the country. Locke told us about
two centuries ago that resistance to tyranny
was obedience to God. I subscribe to that
principle. I have it engraven upon my heart,
and I am for carrying out and executing that
principle wherever it can be done without vio-
lence and bloodshed.
Mr. President, we are all sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States. What
is that oath worth ? Do we not see every day
how valueless it is? I have seen it stated
somewhere that Jove laughed at lovers' per-
juries. In the name of all that is strange,
what does he say of the perjuries of office-
holders who have sworn to support the Con-
stitution? Mr. President, if you and I and
all of us were authorized by the Constitution
and the law to be-thus catechised by the Clerk
when we came to vote upon this and all other
measures, "You swear, according to the best
of your knowledge and reason, that the bill
for which you vote is in accordance with the
Constitution ''—if that specific oath was re-
quired to be administered to every member
who was to vote for this and all other laws,
some members, I think, would hesitate to take
it. If they did not, if it was backed by a little
penal sanction to this effect, that everybody
who took an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and who willfully violated
that, oath should be subject to be indicted and
punished for the commission of perjury, I
think such a sanction as that would bring men
to pause. If any man can go to the Book and
lay his hand upon it, and in the presence of
his Maker be willing to take the oalh that to
the best of his knowledge and belief this bill
in all its provisions is consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States, all I have to
say is that he has a very differently organized
reason and judgment from what 1 have.
Mr. President, I have lived a good while. I
know that men are essentially the same under
the same circumstances. Some are worse, to
be sure, than others. I know the power of
party and of party organization ; I know how
it degrades and bcclouds the reason and the
conscience; I know how it perverts human
judgment and human action. I have evi-
dences of it every day, and especially when
I am in the presence of the Congress of the
United States.
Sir, party is a strange prism. It refracts;
it perverts ; it miscolors most delusively; and
when behind party a man holds a place, his
continuance in which depends upon his adhe-
sion to power, or where his place in Congress
is about to expire he begins to look to the
President for a harbor of refuge, the delusive
and erroneous evidence which this prism of
party gives is very much increased.
Why, Mr. President, I have before me a
paper which gives an amusing account of a
most esteemed friend of mine who was for-
merly a Senator in this body and who was
recently a commissioner to Dominica. It rep-
resents him as placed astride of one of your
Dominica bulls, and away he went to the rear.
There are many members of Congress who are
riding Dominica bulls besides this old Senator.
[Laughter.] Yes, sir, there may be a point
there; and chief justiceships, surveyois of
ports, collectors of customs, and district at-
torneys—all these are Dominica bulls, [laugh-
ter,] and I have no doubt that a great many
men are looking out anxiously for the time
when, theirtermsexpiring, they may get astride
of one of these Dominica bulls. [Laughter.]
That is a very plain story. All that is to be
done is to look to the White House and go to
the august and wise and all-aspiring occupant
of the White House, and he will give them the
necessary information.
I understand the power of patronage; I
have witnessed its force and its magical effects
for the last forty years, and never was it so
potent or anything like approximating in
potency as at this present time.
Mr. President, we have a Supreme Court.
The able Chief Justice, who has presided with
so much dignity and virtue over that august
tribunmi, is in bad health ; he may soon have
to resign; he may die. How many men in
Congress are looking to step into the dead
man's shoes? How many in the Senate? Five
or six? How many in the House? A dozen?
How many out of the House? Sir, there is 110
greater necromancer in this country of ours
than the President of the United States with
his vast power of patronage and disbursement.
But for these hopes, these expectancies, this
wise forecast to contingent remainders or re-
versions from the Executive House, I tell you
that I know enough of human nature to know
that this monstrous, iniquitous, and most
oppressive measure would not receive the
strength that it does in Congress.
The degradation and shame is not so much
in the avowal of what is a fact as in the enact-
ment of that fact. Does not everybody know
that there is but one qualification for office at
the White House? You must go for Domin-
ica. If you do you are the purest and most
immaculate patriot living, and you have a vir-
tue and an ability that fits you for any otnee;
but if you do not, whatever may be your intel-
lectual endowments and your acquisitions and
jour peerless, spotless virtues, you are fit for
110 place!
Sir, it is humiliating to any Senator, to any
American citizen, to any man, to avow such a
position; but the sin, the iniquity, the shame,
the degradation, is not in the avowal of the
position but in the delinquency of the man
who makes the position good. Sir, I scorn
the spoils system. I never have known the
day when 1 did not visit it with the deepest
detestation that my soul could feel. I scorn
the minions of power, who crawl around tbe
throne for the purpose of reaping the rewards
of this accidental and this most ill-dispensed
power. I scorn the man, his perversion, his
utter unfitness for the place, his delinquency
to everything that is noble and virtuous and
patriotic and wise in a great statesman. I scorn
the man who can dispose of the patronage
upon any such consideration. If these foul
influences could be removed this country would
have to wail but few indeed of the many acts
of outrage on the Constitution and on the lib-
erties of the people and on every principle of
justice and right and humanity under which
the country has been so long groaning.
But, Mr. President, we are told "that when
the wicked rule tbe people mourn." There
is but one redress for the evil, and that is for
them to cease to mourn, to rise, to gird on
their arms, their civil arms, and act like the
lion who, shaking the dew-drops from his
mane, enters into the forest to be its king.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair.) The question is, Will the
Senate agree to the report of the committee
of conference?
Mr. VIC1CERS. Is that question divisible?
Can a portion of it be voted upon separately?
The "PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
divisible. The report is to be taken as an
entirety.
Mr. BLAIR and Mr. STEVENSON, called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I paired early in the
evening on this question with the Senator from
Arkansas, Mr. Rice. He is not in his seat.
If he were present he would vote •' yea," and
I should vote " nay."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am paired
on this question with the Senator from Maine,
Mr. Hamlin. He would vote "yea," and I
should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, JTowe,
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Wilson, Wmdoin, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper.
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton,
Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—16.
ABSENT—Messrs.Brownlow, Buckingham, Terry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frehnghuysen, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Buinner, Tipton, Trumbull, and
West—22.
So the report was concurred in.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the report of
the conference committee on the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That report
will be considered as before the Senate, no
objection being made, and the question is,
" Will the Senate agree to the report of the
committee of conference?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I desire to state that I did not sign this
report for several reasons. In the first place,
it seems to be considered on the part of the
House that the Senate are to yield to all their
propositions, whether of amendment or dis-
agreement.
There was one proposition in the bill for
reprinting the old, worn-out notes of the na-
tional banks, and a matter of some importance
to the public. That, by the report, is entirely
stricken out, although the banks themselves
pay a tax for the printing of these bills annu-
ally equal to the whole amount that would
be required to print new notes, and have been
doing so ever since the banks were established.
The point of disagreement was as to whether
the banks should bo further taxed to pay the
small expense, or whether it should be paid
out of the tax already accumulated and accum •
ulating in the Treasury.
There was another proposition in relation to
the Sisters of Mercy of Charleston 
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator comes
to that, will he state to us what the provision
is now as agreed to in reference to reprinting
national bank bills, and anything on that sub-
ject?
