780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is entirely
stricken out. There is no provision made
for it.
Mr. CONKLING. And no provision in
reference to reprinting any currency ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. None at all.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator if the former law, the law as it now
stands, does not provide for reprinting on the
old plates ? They can print upon the old plates,
I suppose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that the Treasury Department think they re-
quire further legislation, and unless this legis-
lation is had, they will not use any authority
that some parties suppose they may now have,
and especially not after the action of the two
Houses in relation to the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have no authority
to make new plates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They may
make new plates for new banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no authority
for new plates at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In relation
to the proposition for the Sisters of Mercy at
Charleston, that question was before the Com-
mittee on Claims some three years ago, and
fully considered and reported against. 1 desire
to state that in the first instance papers were
made out by these parties to obtain charity in
the different cities in the North ; but when
they came here they were advised by a claim
agent to present their claim to Congress. Upon
a full consideration of the subject, with all
the papers then presented, the Committee on
Claims reported against it. The assistance
rendered by these parties to Union soldiers
has been very greatly magnified since that
date. At that time there was a very meager
account of the number that had been assisted,
and that mainly after the capture of Charles-
ton. Most of our prisoners were put in such
places as Andersonville rather than Charleston.
There was another subject of disagreement
that was before the last Congress, and that
was in relation to the park. 1 desire to state
to the Senate the history of the transaction so
far as it concerns the House and the Senate.
In the first instance, when the Senate placed
the park project on the legislative appropria-
tion bill it was not objected to at all by the
House committee, but there was a disagree-
ment on other points, in relation to an increase
of the salaries of judges. The next commit-
tee of conference that was appointed disagreed
in relation to the park in consequence of a
proposition to sell a portion of Judiciary
square. That was the sole disagreement at
that time. Now, the committee representing
the House would not agree with the Senate
unless they would allow a railroad, with steam
engines, to cross on Sixth street entirely across
the Mall up to Pennsylvania avenue. I de-
sire to say that, in my opinion, the parties
who are advocating the project in the House
exceeded the directions of their principals;
but that seemed to be the only alternative
upon which the park could be obtained. It
should be observed that it was proposed on
the part of the conferees of the Senate merely
to set apart these grounds, without the pay-
ment of a dollar, subjecting any plan that
might be adopted hereafter to the approval of
Congress, and yet it was asserted on the part
of the House conferees that such a proposi-
tion could not be carried in the House unless
coupled with a proposition to allow a railroad
to come into Pennsylvania avenue straight
across the widest part of the Mall.
Nearly two thirds of these grounds are
already decorated for the purposes of a public
park,and theideaof involvingthe Government
m vast expenditures is merest moonshine. It
is true that so far as the city authorities are
concerned the grounds, asfar as wanted, have
been already diverted to the uses of this rail-
load. They have allowed, so far as they can
allow privileges not their own, this company
to go entirely across the Mall up Sixth street
to Pennsylvania avenue; but the city author-
ities have no shadow of title to a single inch
of the ground. In 1832 Congress, it is true,
did cede to the city of Washington all the
grounds between Sixth and Fifteenth streets,
provided they would build and keep open the
canal not only to the Potomac in the direction of
the west, but quite out to the Eastern Branch ;
but it was coupled with this condition :
"All of which work hereby required to be done to
complete the said canal and basins shall be done and
finished in the manner aforesaid by the 1st day of
March, 1833, or in default thereof this act and all the
rights and privileges thereby granted shall cease and
determine."
Then in 1833 Congress passed an act voting
$150,000 to the city of Washington, and pro-
viding that they should redeed these very
lands ceded to them at that time, which I have
no doubt was done, for they had the money;
but whether they did or not the city acquired
no title in consequence of the non-perform-
ance of the conditions-precedent,
Mr. President, I do not know but that we shall
be compelled to go out into the prairies of the
West or into some Indian reserve territory in
order to get land sufficient to place the public
buildings thereon without being subject to the
restriction that a railroad shall cross where
they please and that their interests shall be
consulted first. Why, sir, I have had a peti-
tion presented to me to-day to ofi'er to the
Senate, from citizens of this city, in relation
to the depot of the Baltimore and Ohio branch
railroad, representing, as the petitioners claim
to represent, $30,000,000 of property in this
city, asking that that depot be set further back;
stating that it interferes with the proper grades
of the streets, that it is impossible to make
any improvements, that it is thousands and
thousands of dollars damage to the property
of this city in consequence of being located
at its present point: and we all know that it is
a great disfigurement to this Capitol that it
should be so near. All or very many«of the
cities of the country are now driving railroads
into the suburbs or beyond the thickly settled
parts. Instead of allowing another railroad
to come up here on Pennsylvania avenue, the
first duty of Congress is to drive the one that
is now here further back.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him this question: is there any
privilege given in the bill, according to the
report of the conference committee, for this
railroad to come up to Pennsylvania avenue?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; but
it was made a condition-precedent to the estab-
lishment of the park that one should be allowed,
and I understand that the city government, so
far as they are concerned, have already made a
grant allowing this to be done.
Now, Mr. President, in consideration of the
many short-comings of the bill, I hope the
Senate will not accept the report, but will insist
on their amendments and ask for a further
conference. I move, not, however, for the
purpose of defeating the bill, that the Senate
further insist on its amendments, and ask for
another committee of conference on the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Before that motion is put
I desire to submit to the Senate a few remarks
upon this subject. I went upon that commit-
tee of conference warmly in favor of the crea-
tion of this park, as I have been at other times
when the project was mooted. There was, as
the Senator from Vermont says, a proposition
coupled with it to extend a line of railway
across the park, and very nearly up to Penn-
sylvania avenue. A portion of that committee
from the House were warmly in favor of that;
other portions of the committee of the House
were rather in favor of the park without it", but
there was this element also to interfere with
the passage of that amendment at the present
session: the matter was not fully understood,
and had not been properly mapped out. The
objection was expressed to us in the conference
committee that the House of Representatives
did not know what they were to vote for ; the '
project was not sufficiently matured, cither as
to its ultimate cost or as to its plan. I mean
now its mere plat, the protraction, extent, size,
shape, and description of this park. For these
reasons they proposed that the measure should
be discussed a little longer, some preparation
made, and some information obtained by the
next session of Congress, and that the improve-
ment should take place under a regular appro-
priation bill and at a regular session, and not
be put upon a mere deficiency bill, which was
recognized merely as a supplementary matter
for subjects overlooked in the general appro-
priation bill of the last session.
There was also this element of objection
that I commend to our friends on the other
side: the House of Representatives has in it
now a very large minority of Democratic
vo,tes. When the new government for the
District of Columbia was organized it was,
as I am informed, and I believe credibly
informed, understood that in the organization
of that government the power of appointment
given to the President should be exercised in
a liberal manner for the recognition of both
parties, so that the government of this Dis-
trict should be that which the people of the
United States intended it should be, a non-
partisan government; that this District of
Columbia should be a neutral ground for us
all; that when we came here the local affairs
of our residence should not be vexed by those
party passions which affect us, perhaps, in the
places of our residence. As I repeat, that
was the intention, that the District of Colum-
bia should be neutral ground for men of all
parties to meet upon. And yet, in disregard
of the agreement upon this subject by which
the bill for a territorial government received
the support of the members of the Democratic
party both of the Senate and House of Repre-
seutatives, what have we seen ? That in the
organization of the government of this District
there has been as extreme partisanship as ever
could have been shown under any possible
circumstances.
It was that which made it doubtful whether
this measure tending to improve Washington,
and to throw the power of the improvement
entirely in the hands of a strong partisan ad-
ministration, would meet the approval of that
large minority of the House who felt that the
agreement made with them at the time they
supported the territorial bill had been entirely
disregarded in the manner in which the Exec-
utive had organized the government of the
District. There was some soreness on that
subject. This information came to me, and
was expressed in the presence of my friend
from Vermont, that that fact did exist, and it
did operate against the vote in favor of a park
at the present session. If it is to be under-
stood that the whole patronage in the hands
of the President under this territorial bill is
to be used for mere partisan purposes in the
District, the people of this District might as
well understand that from the Democratic
party all over this country they certainly can
expect but very little friendship and very little
favor. I am myself in favor of making this a
neutral ground, and of governing this District
with as little of party politics as possible.
I hope that there will be some recognition,
some consideration of this matter, so that here-
after when we desire to see the District of
Columbia well governed, to see every enter-
prise assisted, to see this city beautified and
made what it ought to be as the capital of the
United States, the Democrats who come here
from abroad may not find themselves so utterly
discouraged by the way in which the govern-
ment of the District is organized in favor of
one party.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make an inquirv before he takes his seat?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood him to say,
but perhaps I did not understand him aright,
