1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
first, that the design originally was that there
should always be a government here absolutely
non-partisan ; and, secondly, that that under-
standing had been embodied in some agree-
ment—1 think that was his expression—made
touching the adoption of the territorial bill.
I should like to inquire of the Senator, as mat-
ter of fact, to what agreement he refers. Who
were parties to it?
Mr. BAYARD. I will tell the Senator very
freely what, as I am informed, was the under-
standing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I never heard of it. I
should like to hear it stated.
Mr. BAYARD. The understanding was
that in the organization of the new government
of this District politics should be overlooked,
or there should be a liberal recognition of the
opposing elements in the selection of officers.
Mr. CONKLING. An understanding be-
tween whom, if the Senator pleases, or by
whom, with whom?
Mr. BAYARD. I presume with the Admin-
istration, those who were to have the power
of nominating and controlling these offices. If
such is not the case, let it be disavowed. I
have heard this fact. I know it was mentioned
in committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to incom-
mode the Senator by interrupting him. I am
interrupting him merely to obtain information.
I never heard any such thing myself. I hear
it now for the first time. Upon inquiring of
brother Senators around me, I find they never
heard any such thing.
Mr. BAYARD. I have heard it, but I have
no personal knowledge of the fact. I did not
state it upon personal knowledge.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
means to state it as a fact, I wish he would do
so; but if he means to state merely upon in-
formation, I wish he would give us some idea
of the source of his information.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator has
certainly misunderstood me in supposing that
I state it as a fact of my own knowledge. I
told him distinctly that I was informed of this.
I had this information as to the tone of the
House of Representatives on this subject; that
was all. It is matter of information.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
will allow me to make a remark, I should
be glad to do it. In the first place, I wish
to dissent from his preliminary statement, to
wit, that the original design was that this
Territory or District should be governed by a
government non-partisan in character. I sub-
mit to the Senator that the opposite of that
statement is true, because the government of
the District having been committed to Con-
gress, of which the President is a part in this
sense, speaking of it as the law-making power,
it was absolutely certain that the government
must always be not non-partisan, but partisan.
Why? Because as long as there are two polit-
ical parties in the country there must always
be a majority of Congress one way or the
other, and one party must always elect the
Executive, so that it was as certain as the law
of gravitation, as matter of original arrange-
ment, that there would be and must be a par-
tisan government here.
Second, I beg to remark to my honorable
friend, if I do not trespass too long on his
time, that I not only never heard of such an
understanding as he speaks of in the adoption
of the territorial bill, but being' somewhat
interested in that bill, and keeping my eyes
and my ears open, it comes to me now for
the first time; and I undertake to say, not
only as matter of information, but as matter
of fact, that that law was not prepared, was
not drawn, and was not adopted with any such
view, but on the contrary, it was adopted with
a view entirely different, at least from that
which the Senator now speaks of in respect
of the thing which he has learned upon inform-
ation which he does not give us.
Mr. BAYARD. The facts that I have stated
were stated by me upon information. I said
so distinctly. I do not see any reason why I
should have been misunderstood.
Mr. CONKLING-. I do not think the Sen-
ator was misunderstood. I only wish him to
understand that we never heard a word of it
before, and therefore we have not violated any
agreement.
Mr. BAYARD. The facts I have stated
upon information were stated in the House of
Representatives, and I was not aware before
that they were denied at all. So far as this
District being non-partisan or otherwise is
concerned, I can only say that the people of
this District do not vote for the President of
the United States, and therefore ho ought to
come among them certainly without much par-
tisan feeling. There is much less necessity for
the existence of national party politics in this
District than anywhere else in the United
States. However, I am perfectly well aware
that it is convenient to have partisan feelings
when you are in the majority, and perhaps it
may be inconvenient when you are not. For
my own part, I wish this District was the one
place where there would be some peace from
the party passions that distract our country
everywhere else. It is in the power of the
President and his administration to bring
about that state of things. I am very well
aware that they do not want to do so, because
we have had very good proof of it in the man-
ner in which they have organized the govern-
ment of this District.
What I meant to say was, however, that
this measure of making a park, to which I
announced myself favorable and have always
supported by my votes in the Senate and on
conference committees heretofore, and expect
to do so in the future, will be, I believe, acted
upon at the regular session. I believe the
more it is examined, the more it is discussed,
the more strongly the opinion will grow that
this improvement of the city should take place.
I regset exceedingly that it was not accom-
plished by the present bill. But there was an
objection, that this was a mere supplementary
bill, not a bill of regular appropriations, and
that there was this feeling at the present time
growing out of the system of partisan govern-
ment which was alienating somewhat the feel-
ings of a large body of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and for that reason I believed the
measure failed. But because it failed 1 did
not see why the deficiency bill which contained
many appropriations necessary for the busi-
ness of the country should fail wiLh it. For
that reason I trust the report of the committee
will be sustained.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to submit a very
few remarks on this report. But throe objec-
tions have been made to it, so far as I have
heard.
The first is to the provision in it authoriz-
ing the employment of counsel in the investi-
gation to be made by the southern claims
commissioners, as they are called, although
why they are called the southern claims com-
mission I do not know, because they are not
confined to claims arising in the South. That
provision in regard to taking testimony, it is
said, makes that commission a second Court
of Claims, whereas the idea was that the com-
mission was not to be a court at all, but merely
a sort of investigating committee, in order to
ascertain if possible, or as nearly as possible,
what would be the aggregate amount of these
claims. Now, sir, if the simple object had
been to ascertain what would be the aggregate
amount of the claims, that would easily enough
have been accomplished by providing that the
claims should be filed with any officer of the
Government who might be designated, within a
given time, and that none should be tiled after-
ward. But Congress did not see fit to adopt
that course, which would have left the aggre-
gate amount of the claim to be just precisely
what anybody put his damages or his claim at.
On the contrary, Congress saw fit to appoint a ||
commission, not only to receive the claims,
but to give Congress some idea of how many
of them were valid claims, and preferred by
loyal people, the bill being confined to the
claims of loyal people. Otherwise, there would
have been no necessity for providing a com-
mission at all; and I do not see that the na-
ture of that commission is in the slightest
degree altered by the provisions of this con-
ference report. It is still nothing but a com-
mittee, just as much as a committee of one of
these bodies is a committee, and no more com-
mits Congress to the payment of those claims,
whatever may be its report, than would a re-
port of the Committee on Claims of this body.
It is in no sense a court, and is not made a
court by anything that is in the conference
report. So much for that.
The next point, and I am sorry to see a bill
of this magnitude objected to on so small a
reason, is the appropriation of $20,000 for the
Sisters of Mercy at Charleston. That has
passed the House of Representatives twice.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator comes
to that, I should like to ask him a question on
the other matter which he isjnst leaving. Has
he noticed the phraseology of the bill in ref-
erence to the commission? Has he paid any
particular regard to it ?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; not any partic-
ular regard. I was not in the Senate at the
time the vote was taken on that. I do not
know whether I voted for it or not.
Mr. CONKLING. I mean in this report?
Mr. THURMAN. No, I have not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I wish to call the
attention of the Senator to this, and if the Sec-
retary can put his eye on the words I refer to
I should be glad to have him read them.
Mr. THURMAN. I should be very glad to
hear the clause read if there is anything that
gives significance to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to say to the
Senator that it contains, in the first place, a
provision, in so many words, that counsel shall
be detailed to contest these claims; I think
that is the very language. Then it provides,
further, that this commission shall have the
same power that the Court of Claims has to take
testimony, which testimony, when so taken,
shall be used before the said commission.
I need not remind the honorable Senator that
those words are not chosen hap-hazard; but
they are terms of art; they are familiar words,
especially those that when the testimony is so
taken it shall be used before the commission ;
and I ask him, in the light of that language,
whether be is warranted in saying, as I under-
stand him to say, in effect, that this is really
a mere matter, substantially, for the perpetu-
ation of testimony?
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, that
is in the report substantially according to my
recollection, as the Senator states it.
Mr. COLI5. I hope the Senator will allow
it to be read. I should like to have it read.
Mr. THURMAN. Let it lie read.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Secretary will send
the report to me, I can find this particular
clause for him if he has not got it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read as it will
stand if amended.
The Cuiui'' Clekk. That portion of (he bill,
if amended as proposed to be amended by the
report of the committee of conference, will read
as follows:
And that so much of the appropriation provided
for in the act making appropriation? for sundry civil
expenses of tho (iovernment for the year ending
June 30,1872, approved March 3, 3871, "to bo ex-
pended in the detection and prosecution of Crimea
against the United States," us may, m the judgment
ot tho Attorney General, be nece.^ary, may bo used
during the current fiscal year; ami lie is hereby
authorized and instructed to designato some one
employed in tho Department of Justice, learned in
the law, whoso duty it shall be to attend before the
commissioners ot claims and contest such claims on
behalf of the United States ; and the commissioners
of elaimsshall have tho same authority in regard to
taking testimony to bo used before tliein that is now
conferred upon the Court of Claims,
