1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
reduction of taxes.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 11) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870;
which was re#d a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
revenue from distilled spirits.
Mr. STEVENSON also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 12) to authorize the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to provide
and pay for instruments to secure revenue from
distilled spirits; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
cincinnati and southern railroad.
Mr. STEVENSON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 70) to promote the construction
of the Cincinnati and Southern railroad; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed.
mutilated national currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(EL 11. No. 71) to provide for the retirement
of mutilated national bank notes, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee oil Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
ohio judicial districts.
Mr. SHELLABARGER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 72) to divide the State of Ohio
into three judicial districts, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
benjamin nanniman.
Mr. SHELLABARGER also introduced a
bill (H. It. No. 73) for the relief of Benjamin
Nanniman ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. McHENRY introduced a bill (Ii. R.
No. 74) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities from persons therein named, residents
of the State of Kentucky ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
eastern judicial district of kentucky.
Mr. BECK introduced a bill (H. R. No. 75)
to establish the eastern judicial district of
Kentucky; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
oath of office.
Mr. BECK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 76) to repeal an act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2, 1862; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
SOLDIERS of THE WAR of 1812.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 77) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting pensions to soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows
and children of deceased soldiers," approved
February 14,1871: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
william h. tully.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 78) for the relief of William
H. Tully, of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
unpaid direct tax.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 79) to collect the unpaid direct tax, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
additional representation.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
80) giving additional representation to certain
States in the House of Representatives; which
was read a first and secondtime, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
encouragement of immigration.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 81) to encourage immigration to the
United States, and to regulate the carriage of
European immigrant passengers in steamships
and other vessels before, upon, and after arriv-
ing at the ports of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
pugkt sound and idaho railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 82) to charter the Puget Sound
and Idaho Railroad and Telegraph Company ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on thePublic Lands.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
83) to dispose of the Cherokee neutral lands
in Kansas to actual settlers only; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
compulsory pilotage.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 84)
to abolish compulsory pilotage in the several
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee oil Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
william e. m. wallick.
Mr. TYNER introduced a bill (H. II. No.
85) for the relief of William P. M. Wallick;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
extension of bounty law.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 86) extending bounties to certain soldiers
who were discharged on account of disability
incurred in the service of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
arrears of pension.
Mr. NIBLACK also iniroduced a bill (H.
R. No. 87) granting arrears of pension to cer-
tain persons therein named; which was read a
first and second time, referred to Ihe Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
miami indians,
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 88) to abolish the tribal relations of
the Miami tribe of Indians, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 89) to equalize the bounties of sail-
ors, soldiers, and marines who served in the
late war for the Union; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
henry willman.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
90) for the relief of Henry Willraan, late a
private in third regiment Indiana volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
susan holtz.
Mr. PACKARD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
91) granting a pension to Susan Holtz; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
peter brewer.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 92) granting a pension to Peter Brewer;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 93) to equalize the bounties of sol-
diers who served in the late war for the Union;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
additional bounties.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 94) to repeal section four of the act of
March 3, 1869, entitled " An act in relation to
additional bounties, and for other purposes ;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
indians in michigan and indiana.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 13) for the relief of certain
Indians residing in Michigan and Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
colonel james s. reardon.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
95) for the relief of Colonel James S. Reardon ;
which was read a first and secondtime, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
bridge over tiie oiiio.
Mr. CREBS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 14) authorizing the building
of a railroad bridge over the Ohio river at
Metropolis City, Illinois; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
protection of settlers.
Mr. CREBS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 96) for the protection of settlers on the
public and Indian lands of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
aud ordered to be printed.
payment of pensions.
Mr. CREBS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 97) to repeal former laws in regard to
paying pensions and to provide for their pay-
ment in future ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
homestead laws.
Mr. CREBS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 98) amendatory of the homestead liws, for
the benefit of the soldiers of the late war for
the suppression of the rebellion; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
swamp and overflowed lands.
Mr. HAWLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 99) defining swamp and overflowed lands;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
a. v. richards.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 100) for the relief of A. V. Richards;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
f. b. brayton.
Mr. BURCHARD also introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 101) for the relief of E. B, Bray-
ton ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
free schools.
Mr. BURCHARD also introdnced a bill (H.
R. No. 102) to encourage and aid the estab-
lishment of free schools throughout the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
