1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
mittee upon this bill. I hoped we might obtain
a vote upon it without that necessity.
The Senate will remember very well that a
large number of amendments were added to
this bill by this body. As it first came to us
from the House in the form of an appropria-
tion bill—not confined to appropriations abso-
lutely, by the by—it was bat a small bill. The
Senate added sixty-six amendments, some of
them very important, many of them not legit-
imately belonging to an appropriation bill.
Many of them ought not to have had a place
upon an appropriation bill at all; but the man-
ner in which they were put on will be remem-
bered by the members of this body. That bill
when it reached the House was acted upon by
concurring in nearly all the amendments of
the Senate. I may express some astonishment
at this after the severe comments that were
made upon it at the outset in that body ; but,
after all, nearly all the amendments made to
this bill by the Senate were concurred in by
the House; so that the Senate were called
upon to recede, and have in this report re-
ceded from only eight of the sixty-six amend-
ments. Others have been modified, to be sure;
but the Senate have absolutely receded from
only eight of the many amendments that were
sent to the House and which the House had
under consideration.
I will briefly allude to those eight amend-
ments. One relates to the clerks andemploy6s
under the new territorial government of this
District. It ought not to have been put on
the bill, and the course of the Senate com-
mittee in receding from it I fliink was entirely
correct, inasmuch as, by the bill organizing
this Territory, the expenses of these subor-
dinate officers were properly a charge upon this
local government.
The next was an appropriation of $12,000
for certain Indians, to be paid out of their
own funds, as was stated; but as there was
not very full information upon the subject,
either before this body or the other House,
certainly not before the conference commit-
tee, we were asked to recede, and did recede,
from that amendment. It. is a matter I pre-
sume that can very well go over until the next
session. So it was thought.
The next amendment related to a light-
house about which there was not sufficient in-
formation before the House, and from which
they insisted that the Senate should recede.
The next item is a small appropriation of a
few hundred dollars for the marshal of the
southern district of New York for making an
arrest in a distant State. That was not agreed
to for the reason that it was not a liquidated
sum, that the sum was not ascertained. I pre-
sume the committees from both bodies could
have agreed to it if it had been a fixed sum,
but, inasmuch as it was in language which left
it doubtful as to the true amount to be paid,
it was stricken out.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The maximum was fixed
at $500.
Mr. COLE. The maximum was fixed at
$550, I believe, but it was not ascertained
definitely.
Mr. CARPENTER. Was there not a cer-
tainty that he would get the whole of it under
that appropriation? [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. That is probably a very cor-
rect conclusion on the part of the Senator from
Wisconsin. I think there was not very great
doubt about that. I think the amount, really
was not very exorbitant from the information
we had. The Senate will recollect that we
had a letter from the Attorney General on the
subject, stating that he had not the authority
to make the payment, but that the party would
have to resort to Congress for relief.
The next item is the clause authorizing or
directing the printing'of new bank notes to be
used by the national banks. This is a matter
that 1 need not discuss any further than to say
that it came before this Coogress at a very late
day. A proposition of that magnitude ought
to have had full consideration. The necessity
for it existed before the last days of the ses-
sion, if at all, and I think it was well that it
should be postponed until the matter could
receive full consideration. A fact that operated
upon the minds of some members of the com-
mittee certainly is that the banks have already
been taxed heavily for the printing of their
notes. If I am not mistaken in the amount,
some two and a half millions of tax have been
levied upon them for this purpose, out of
which probably these notes could be printed ;
but the House of Representatives in their
amendment required that the banks should
be taxed over again for the payment of this ;
and it was in that form that the proposition
was returned to us. I am of the opinion that
it was well to let that go over. I think the
national banks have had enough privileges, that
they have been favored enough by this Govern-
ment; and, if it is possible, in addition to the
exactions that have already been made upon
them they can be made to pay for the printing
of any new notes, I should for one be decidedly
in favor of it. I say so much in passing.
The next matter is that of the park ; and let
me say to my friend from Vermont that it is
not at all likely that if a new conference com-
mittee were ordered tbe park would go upon
the bill. I am in favor of it as much so as he
is. I have the honor and pleasure to belong
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, over which he presides, and 1 know
his anxiety and I know my own and I know
the anxiety of the citizens here on that subject.
I, for one, am in favor of that measure, and I
am as much as he can be against a proposition
to let a steam railroad pass across that park.
That is a decidedly objectionable feature in
tbe proposition that was presented in the other
body. But I have no hope that if this matter
is recommitted to a new conference commit-
tee this commendable proposition would be
adopted. We have had, certainly, assurances
from members of the other body, if I may
be allowed to allude to them, that it will be
impossible to secure an acquiescence in the
proposition on the part of that body.
So I think we shall have to let that propo-
sition go over, even if we should have another
conference committee, and that probably will
be the only hope my friend fiom Vermont
would have of accomplishing a change in the
result of this report; that must be the extent
of his hope, and I do not think his hope is
well grounded. I think he had better consent
really to let that proposition pass over until an-
other session. The ground will remain there,
the trees will grow, and little or no damage can
be done by our delaying the scheme; but little
time will be wasted, and a little fuller consid-
eration of the subject will result, probably, in
putting it in a more favorable shape, and in
a better shape, clearly, than that which the
House proposed, of connecting with it apropo-
sition to build a railroad across it.
The next item that was disagreed to was a
little item for carrying the mails in Georgia.
It was a private claim. That was the prin-
cipal objection, I believe, raised to it. It was
obnoxious to that objection most clearly, and
therefore stricken out.
The other item, in which my friends from
Kansas are so much interested, the appropria-
tion of $100,000 for building barracks, &c., at
Fort Leavenworth, was stricken out in confer-
ence committee, it having been disagreed to by
the House of Representatives. The merits of
that we could not consider very fully on the
conference committee. It was considered
pretty fully in this body at the time the bill
was before the Senate. All this will be re-
membered very well by Senators who were
present at the time. The House did not ac-
quiesce in it; they disagreed to it, and that
was one of the eight items from which the
Senate recede.
As to the amendments that were put on by
the House and acquiesced in by the conference
committee, I need not go over them in detail;
it would be but a waste of time. I will only
refer to the one relating to the commission for
the investigation of the claims of loyal citi-
zens of the South for commissary and quarter-
masters' supplies furnished during the war.
The objection to that is that a lawyer employed
in the Department of Justice is to be directed
by the Attorney General to appear on behalf
of the Government of the United States in the
investigation of these claims, and to the fur-
ther proposition that the commissioners shall
have the same means of obtaining testimony
in reference to these claims that the Court of
Claims has for obtaining testimony before that
court.
Now, suppose these two propositions are
ignored, and there is no person learned in the
law to appear before the commission on behalf
of the United States, and the commission are
deprived of the means of compelling the at-
tendance of witnesses, or deprived of the means
of obtaining testimony in regard to these
claims, what will be the result?
Mr. SHERMAN. Are not all the commis-
sioners lawyers?
Mr. COLE. I believe they are lawyers. I
am not advised, however, in regard to that
fact so far as all of them are concerned.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. Howell is
not a lawyer.
Mr. COLE. But suppose these two propo-
sitions or advantages of the Government before
the board of commissioners are ignored, it
is clear that these claims will be presented
on an ex parte showing in every ease. Why ?
These commissioners are to sit in this city;
they are not a wandering or peregrinating
commission ; they cannot even separate for
the purpose of obtaining information, as I
understand, but their duties are confined to
this city, and they are so far in the nature of
a court or committee to sit here. They desire
the means of obtaining information on behalf
of the Governmentof the United States against
these claims, obtaining testimony on the other
side in reference to these claims. Of course
the claims will be brought forward here by the
parties interested, and the testimony they offer
will be entirely ejeparte. A good case will be
made out very often ou such testimony, whereas
if the other side could be heard the claim
would he found to be groundless or unfounded.
This proposition is for the protection of the
Government; this is for the assistance of the
commission, that they may have these means
of obtaining testimony; it is to help them in
their work. It is their duty to ascertain, as has
been stated, the justice and validity of these
claims, but how can they reach the question
as to the justice of them unless they can get
the facts before them? How can they determ-
ine the validity of a claim unless they can get
the facts before them?
Mr. CARPEN l'Ell. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. That bill itself pro-
vides that they may take testimony under such
regulations as they shall prescribe. They may
make rules to morrow directing testimony to
be taken in all cases before United States
commissioners in the several districts of the
Union, without any further act.
Mr. COLE. That is a point to which my
attention has been directed since this report
has been made; but, as a counter-statement
to that, I may state that the board of com-
missioners themselves did not regard them-
selves as invested with sufficient authority
under the law to obtain testimony in different
parts of the United States, such testimony as
they might need against these claims.
It seems to me that this provision is alto
gether in the interest of the Government; and
1 will add now but a remark or two further.
Senators will remember that during the last
days of the last session the Senator trom Ark-
ansas, who was then iu his seat and who is not
