786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the several sums that the commission may find
or report to be due to the several^ claimants
who shall appear before them. It is impossi-
ble that that can be the case ; but the reason
why I object to assigning counsel to appear
before that commission is that it transforms
the whole character of the commission, as I
understood it to be a#d as I still understand
it to he, by the reading df those sections which
provided for its constitution. I understood
those commissioners were to be retained by
the Government of the United States; they
were to be its counsel, its advisers, a com-
mittee to inquire, to investigate, and to report.
They are employed by us, paid by us, bound
to work for us to take care of the interests of
the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. A part of the clerical
force of the Department of Justice.
Mr. HOWE. Not exactly a part of the cler
ical force of the Department of Justice, but a
part of the force of Congress to advise the
national Legislature what is due from it to its
citizens. But the proposition now to interpose
a counselor there, I fear, would lead these
commissioners to mistake their whole duty,
and bring them to the idea that they were to
hear what objections the attorney had to urge,
and to pass upon the validity and the force of
those objections. They ought to understand,
on the contrary, I think, that it is their busi-
ness to make objections, to raise objections as
long as they can, and to insist that by proof,
taken under the rules to be prescribed by them,
the last objection that they can raise on behalf
of the Government is overthrown ; but if they 1
should mistake this duty you will never hear
me, standing on this floor, and I venture to
predict, in spite of what we have beard this
evening, you will never hear the Senator from
New York standing here to argue that this
great Government, as he calls it, is commit-
ted to pay a debt which it never promised to
pay, simply because three gentlemen say they
believe it to be correct.
I have known that Senator to protest with
great force and great energy and great persist-
ency against the payment of claims which
were declared to be just and valid by seven
respectable Senators on this floor. I know he
speaks rather forcibly against the propriety of
a Government relying upon any technicality
to protect itself from the payment of claims;
but, Mr. President, I have seen the day when
I would have been very happy to have heard
the honorable Senator from New York act on
that idea. I have seen in my brief day in the
Senate claimants standing here at your bar,
claimants whose property had been taken by
the authority of the United States and applied
to its use, and to the most important and valu-
able use, and yet I have heard the Senator
say you must not pay that claim. Why? In
one instance because the claimant lived in
Arkansas, and it was said that Arkansas had
been declared in rebellion, and therefore you
must not pay it. In another instance, because
the claimant lived in Kentucky, and Kentucky
had not been declared in rebellion, and there-
fore you must not pay. And a very great
variety of arguments I have heard urged here—
I will not say technical arguments, but they
seemed to me so much like technicalities that
for my life I could not at the time tell the dif-
ference, and cannot yet.
Mr. CONKLING. I noticed at the time
that the Senator could not. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Now, sir, I am not afraid of
the Senator from New Yoik being entrapped
by any of these little contrivances, even those
reported here by the committee of conference,
and I certainly do not intend to be entrapped
by them myself; but I do not want that com-
mission to bp entrapped; I want them held
up to the discharge of the duty which was
delegated to them by this original act.
The PRES1DKN i' pro tempore. The ques-
tion, is will the Senate agree to the report of
the committee of conference?
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeaa and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say only a word.
If I put the same construction upon this pro-
posed amendment as is put upon it by the Sen-
ators from New York and Wisconsin, I should
certainly vote against it. I do not wish to
enlarge the power or authority or scope of this
commission; but, in my judgment, this attor-
ney is nothing more than an aid or clerk or
help to this commission to help them examine
witnesses. Instead of one of the commission-
ers examining them, this attorney will offi-
ciate for that purpose. It seems to me it does
not add one particle of strength, weight, power,
or force to the report of the commission. I
do not think it is worth while at this period
of the session to send this complicated matter
back to another committee of conference, with-
out any certainty that we shall have any better
result; and I do not think that this amend-
ment as reported amounts to anything like the
evil now suggested by the Senator from New
York and the Senator from Wisconsin. I
feel bound to vote for the report, although I
utterly disclaim the conclusions to which they
arrive and the consequences they fear from
the adoption of this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is very great force
in what the Senator from New York and the
Senator from Wisconsin have said. If I were
to vote for this report I should vote for it as
the Senator from Ohio does, with a protest,
reserving the right to contest what will be the
conclusion of people from their argument.
But I want to submit to the Senate one prop-
osition for their serious consideration. This
is a deficiency bill, which, on the theory and
practice of the Government, should be, and
generally has been, and always ought to be in
honesty and fairness, precisely what its name
indicates, to appropriate sums of money to
make up insufficient appropriations for speci-
fied objects before. Now, the great body of
this bill has lost that character entirely, and it
has had injected into it, in spite, I have no
doubt, of the opposition of my friend from
California and the other Senators in the con-
ference committee, a"ll manner of legislation.
Some part of it one Senator or one body of
Senators is for; another part of it others are
for; and so on, changing round and round, you
make it a kind of omnibus, or a method of
mutual admiration or mutual support, which
a bill of this character never ought to be, and
some day or other some party or other must
accept the responsibility of correcting this
evil. Now, I think we shall make an exam-
ple which will be of benefit to our party, of
benefit to our country, of benefit to our polit-
ical friends on the other side, for the mutual
interest of us all in protecting the Treasury in
!i the matter of appropriations, if we put our foot
down now and say that bills of this character
shall be what their name indicates, the mere
necessary supply of deficiencies in the appro-
priations of money, and nothing else, which
previous appropriations for some specific
object have quite failed to accomplish. For
that reason I shall vote against this report.
Mr. COLE. My friend from Vermont has
fallen into a very grave error. This is not a
deficiency bill. As it came here from the
House it was "a bill making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes." It has been modified to a great
extent, and has been sometimes called a defi-
ciency bill. But I will correct my friend in
another respect. lie states that a great many
things have been injected into it in the confer-
ence committee. Only one little item was
injected into it in conference committee. The
other items were injected in it in the Senate
or in the House of Representatives. I will
not now call attention particularly to the little
item that was injected in it by the committee,
but it was by the member of the committee
who now moves to disagree to the report. It
was the item relating to the agricultural green-
house, or something like that. That is the
only thing, I believe, that went into it in com-
mittee that was not put there by one House or
the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But that
amendment makes no appropriation, and it
had previously passed the Senate.
" Mr. COLE. So it is not in any proper sense
a deficiency bill, but it is a bill that was under
consideration for various purposes, independ-
ent most of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has enforced the argumentthatl made—
it seems to have been wrong only in its nom-
enclature—by what he has said. He has now
stated what I must suppose to be the truth, (for
I have not had the ability to attend the Com-
mittee on Appropriations during this session
on account of other duties,) that this began as a
mere bill to increase the clerical force in the
Pension Office on account of the passage of
the act in aid of the soldiers of 1812.
Mr. THURMAN. "And for other pur-
poses."
Mr. EDMUNDS. And for other purposes,
as my honorable friend says; and it has grown
under the head of " other purposes " into that
general ship which is to carry the goods of
everybody into the port of taking money out
of the Treasury. I say it is an additional rea-
son why this Senate should never consent to
pass a bill of this character. Let it fail; and
if the appropriation for the increase of the force
in the Pension Office is necessary, let us take
that up and pass it independently, as a separate
bill, or let the Pension Office wait.
I need not say to Senators that this method
of legislation is of the utmost danger to the
public interests, loading into one bill intended
for one purpose—not even adeficiency purpose,
one single purpose of administration—every
manner of contrivance and interest which Sen-
ators may suggest to put into it. You might
just as well put on all the other legislation
which this session may produce, all the bilk
you have on your table,, all the hills you had
at the last session, and therefore never have
but one bill passed at a session of Congress,
and that bill should contain everything which
a combination of interests or a combination of
oppositions could be brought to put into a bill
to get it through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust this bill is not to
fail; and although I shall vote against agreeing
to this report of the committee of conference,
it is not with a view of defeating the bill. I
think we shall lose nothing. We have to meet
to-morrow; another committee can be ap-
pointed, and it will not delay us at all. I should
hope that the obnoxious features which have
been pointed out here might be changed.
We did not intend, I apprehend, to create
another Court of Claims. I do not wish to go
over the ground which has already been occu-
pied ; but it must be apparent to everybody
that if we provide the machinery that is pro-
posed by this bill for the commissioners that
are appointed to take testimony we do change
entirely the character of that commission. It
was supposed that the persons that we ap-
pointed would take the testimony. Now it is
proposed to employ somebody else to do it, to
give them all the machinery of the Court of
Claims, with authority to appoint commission-
ers all over the country to take testimony ; and
these commissioners are paid by the Govern-
ment. There is a contingent fund of some
three or four thousand dollars belonging to
the Court of Claims which they use in paying
commissioners for taking testimony. It was
not the intention of Congress to send out a
commission to hunt up witnesses to prove
claims against the Government. The object
was to appoint commissioners to receive the
claims and the testimony of the claimants ;
but this changes the whole character of those
commissioners.
There are other objections, but I do not wish
