1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
to go over the ground. It seems to me the
prudent course for the Government is for the
Senate to reject this report and have a new
committee of conference, and see if these
obnoxious provisions cannot be changed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate agree to the report ot the committee
of conference? upon which question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If that is
mot agreed to, of course the motion which I
made to insist further and ask for another
conference will come up.
Mr. THURMAN. Is the question on the
motion of the Senator from California, to con-
cur?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair. Casserly, Clayton,
Cole, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Lewis, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman. Vickers, and VVindom—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
&ilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Vomeroy,
Scott. Stewart, Trumbull. Wilson, and Wright—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Browniow, Buck-
ingham, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Hamlin. Hill, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Fool. Rice, Schurss, Spraguo, Sumner, Tipton, and
West—18.
So the report was not concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] moves that
the Senate further insist on its amendments,
and ask for a second committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-three,
noes not counted.
By unanimous consent, the President, pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the second
committee of conference; and Messrs. Cole,
Scott, atid Coxklins were appointed.
final adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING-. I offer a resolution to
lie on the table until I call it up :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That on Wednesday, the 19th of
April instant, at  o'clock, the President of the
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives adjourn their respective Houses without
day.
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a motion before
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; and after fifteen
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and (at eleven o'clock andfifty
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 19, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Rankin, of Washington,_D. C.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, the
reading of the Journal of yesterday was dis--
pensed with.
enforcement 01' fourteenth amendment.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. li.
No. 320) to enforce.the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes, upon
which Mr. Kerb was entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to detain the House by any very
lengthy discussion of this report, but-1 will as
briefly as I can state the reasons why I was un-
able to concur with the majority of the House
conferees. I will not stop to refer in detail to
the disposition made by the conference com-
mittee of the first point of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses. I think the action of
the committee upon that subject was not very
material, but that the provision of the bill, as
it is now reported to the House, is really an
improvement upon the original proposition.
From the second disagreement of the House
the two committees require the House to recede.
That disagreement relates to the time when
the fourth section of the bill shall cease to have
validity, and my objection to the action of the
committee is this, that it enables the dominant
party in Congress, by indirection, by a trick to
continue this obnoxious section in operation
till the first Monday ofDecember, 1872, instead
of suffering it to expire on the 1st day of
June, 1872.
This result will be accomplished by the Com
gress, at the time of the next regular adjourn-
ment, say in midsummer next, taking a recess,
eo nomine, until a day named, instead of an
adjournment without day, a recess, for exam-
ple, till the 1st day of December, so that it
cannot be said that there has yet arrived an
end of "the next regular session of Congress,"
and therefore the courts will be expected to
hold that this obnoxious section continues in
force until the first Monday of December,
1872.
The object of this provision is manifestly to
enable the majority, the present Administra-
tiofi, the Republican military candidate for
renoraination and reelection to the Presidency,
to obtain a partisan advantage, and that, too,
in an unworthy manner. They want the power
this section will afford in the conduct of the
great political campaign of 1872. They want
to retain that power, not for the public welfare,
but for personal and selfish, if not utterly
unlawful, ends. I could "not assent to the con-
tinuance of such a law a day longer than by
possibility could not be prevented.
The third point of disagreement relates to
the repeal of what is called the jury test-oath,
and the result of the action of the committee
is that they recommend the repeal of the
first section of that law, which establishes cer-
tain additional causes of challenge to individ-
ual juiors in the Federal courts, gives the
right to any suitor in those courts to require
the application of those objections to jurors to
enforce the cause of challenge given in that
section, and excludes the best of men from jury
service. It is a great pointgained, I agree, to
secure the repeal of that section; but why
retain in operation the second section of that
law ? Is it less obnoxious or less objectionable
than the first? Are its purposes any less
vicious or prescriptive or inhuman than the pur-
poses of the first? I submit that it is in every
sense a mere reenactment of the first section,
with this qualification only, that it shall not
be enforced except at the discretion and pleas-
ure of the judge of the court in which the jury
is being organized. But I call attention to this
difference: that, while under the first sec-
tion the objection made by a suitor in any
one of these courts to a juror on account of
the causes alleged in this first section is per-
sonal to the single juror to whom his objection
is made, the objection, if made at all, under
the second section must be made to the entire
panel, to the venire, to all the men on the
jury, and it purges the entire box of any cit-
izen against whom these causes of challenge
can be truly alleged. It is therefore, I say,
infinitely worse than the first section; more
sweeping in its effects in the practical admin-
istration of justice, and I therefore object to
the action of the committee. That second
section I will read, to the end that its cruel
and offensive character may be better under-
stood:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That at each
and every term of any court of the United States
the district attorney, or other person acting for and
on behalf of the United States in said court, may
move, and thecourt, in their discretion, may require
the clerk to tender to each and every person who
may be summoned to serve as a grand or petit juror
or venireman or talesman in said court, the follow-
ing oath or affirmation, namely: "You do solemnly
swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that you will
support the Constitution of the United States of
America; that you have not, without duress and
constraint, taken up arms, or joined any insurrec-
tion or rebellion agamst the United States; that
you have not adhered to any insurrection or rebel-
lion, giving it aid and comfort; that you have not,
dircetly or indirectly, given any assistance, in money
or any other tiling, to any person or persons whom
you knew, or had good ground to believe, had joined,
or was about to join, said insurrection and rebellion,
or had resisted, or was about to resist, with force of
arms, the execution of the laws of the United States:
and that you liavo not counseled or advised any
person or persons to join any rebellion against, or
to resist with force ol arms the laws of the United
States." Any person or persons declining to take
said oath shall be discharged by the court from
serving on the grand or petit jury, or venire, to
whieh he may have been summoned.
Contemplate for a moment the practical
effect of the proscription contained in this sec-
tion. It is true, I verily believe, that less than
one thousand white men in the Commonwealth
of Virginia, under this section if enforced by
the court, would be competent jurors. It is
true this day that Judge Rives, now of one of
the district courts of the United States in that
State, could not. sit upon a jury in any Federal
court because his own son was a rebel soldier,
and although himself loyal, it is safe to assume
that during the war the judge, directly or indi-
rectly, gave some assistance in money or some
other thing, or in some way, to his son. So it
is throughout the South. It is impossible, if
this law be enforced, to organize competent,
trustworthy, intelligent, and respectable juries
in the South. The jury-box must be given up
to the sole occupancy of ignorance, vieious-
ness, and incompetence. Can such mean and
wretched policy promote the public peace, in-
terests, or harmony? Does it not do violence
to the better impulses of all good and humane
men? Does it not mock the spirit of mag-
nanimity and decent civilization?
But it may be said that the courts will not
enforce this section. They may not; in many
cases now they do not; they ought never to do
so, and therefore it should be repealed at once.
Sincerity in your professions demands its imme-
diate and unconditional repeal.
But, sir, without taking further time in refer-
ence to that section, I pass to the fourth cause
of disagreement between the two Houses. It
relates to the extraordinary section attached
by the Senate to the original bill of the House,
usually, and I believe properly, called the
"Sherman section." Gentlemen remember
what that section is as it was sent to us by the
Senate and non-concurred in by such an em-
phatic vote of the House. What it is now, I
think I can best indicate by reading it as I go
along, breaking it into paragraphs and inter-
spersing my objections to it in that way. It
provides—
That if any house, tenement, cabin, shop, build-
ing, barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or felon-
iously demolished, pulled down, burned,_ or de-
stroyed, wholly or in part, by any persons riotously
and tumultuously assembled together; or if any per-
son shall unlawtully and with force and violence be
whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed by any per-
sons riotously and tumultuously assembled together,
with intent to deprive any person of any right con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution and lawsof the
United States, or to deter him or punish liirn for
exercising such right,or by reason of his race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, in every such
case the county, city, or parish in which any of the
said offenses shall be committed shall be liable to
pay full compensation to tile person or persons dam-
nified by such offense, if living, or to his widow or
legal representative if dead.
I suggest, first, that the grammatical con-
struction of this paragraph is such that it is
left in extreme doubt whether the intent which
is referred to in a subsequent part of the sec-
tion is at all applicable to the first paragraph,
