1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
exclusive regulation of the Stales. There is
no safety in any other doctrine. If Congress
can invade the counties or cities for the pur-
poses contemplated by this measure it can
also the States themselves, and can thus ab-
sorb, divert, and consume the treasure, prop-
erty, and rights of the States.
Let rae. call attention to the further provis-
ions of this section. Gentlemen will remem-
ber what I have already read ; and in contin-
uation I read the following:
And such compensation may bo recovered in an
action on the case by such person or his represent-
ative by a suit ill any court, of the United States of
competent jurisdiction in the district, in which the
offense was committed, such action to be in the name
of the person injured or ins legal representative, and
against said county, city, or parish.
Right here I may stop to remark that it is
not even required that before these judgments
may be recovered against the county, parish,
or city, the wrong-doer himself shall have been
either arrested, tried, or convicted. You may
prosecute the county, parish, or city without
even prosecuting the wrong-doer. You may
in his absence, and in an ex parte manner, as
to him, prove his guilt, establish the crime,
and recover against the county, although the
wrong-doer goes unwhipped of justice, no at-
tempt being made even to prosecute him or to
find him, thus violating the very first principles
of justice, which entitle the county to be ex-
empted from this sort of penalty at least until
the guilt of the offending citizen is established.
This appears to me to involve a strange and
unnatural reversal of the common rules of
criminal law. It puts these counties and cities,
the interests and properly of all their people,
at the mercy of the most worthless of citizens,
liable to be robbed by combinations of idle
adventurers, shysters, and perjurers; and, in-
stead of restoring peace, order, and content,
such laws cannot fail to aggravate every evil
condition, to beget and encourage strife and
litigation, and to make society and its most
sacred interests a prey to discord and evil pas-
sions.
But I read on :
And in which action any of tho parties commit-
ting such acts may be joined as defendants. And any
payment of any judgment or part thereof unsatisfied,
recovered by the plaintiff in such action may, if not
satisfied by tho individual defendant therein within
two months next after ths recovery of such judg-
ment, upon execution duly issued against such indi-
vidual defendant in such judgment, and returned
unsatisfied in wholo or in part, be enforced against
such county, city, or parish, by execution, attach-
ment, mandamus, garnishment, or any other pro-
ceeding in aid of execution, or applicable to the en-
forcement of judgments against municipal corpora-
tions; and suchjudgmentshall be alion aswellupon
all moneys in the treasury of such county, city, or
parish, as upon tho other property thereof. And the
court in any such action may, on motion, cause ad-
ditional parties to bo mado therein prior to issue
joined, to the end that justice may bo done. And
the said county, city, or parish may recover the full
amount of said judgment by it paid, with costs and
interest, from any person or persons engaged as
principal or accessory in such riot, in an action in
any court of competent juiisdiction. And such
county, city, or parish so paying shall also bo sub-
rogated to all the plaintiff's rights under such judg-
ment.
I would like to ask any gentleman where,
upon the most shadowy interpretation of the
Constitution, you can find power, as this bill
attempts to do, to declare these judgments,
arising in tort, arising out of wrongs and
crimes, not out of contract, alien on all money
in the treasury of these several municipal or-
ganizations, and upon all the property of these
organizations. Ifyou may create such a lien,
and it is valid, what becomes of the power of
tho State, through the agency of its neces-
sary subordinate organizations, to carry on
self-government at all ? IIow are they to per-
form their necessary and customary functions
if you may send a Federal officer to put his
arms into the treasury of the comity, or parish,
or city in this way and withdraw therefrom
all the revenues, or if you can authorize the
sale of a county court-house, or county jail,
or the county schools, orany other of the prop-
erty of the people? I ask you, if that can be
4one, where is the security that has hitherto
been supposed to exist in this country for self-
government in the States of the Union? I
submit that it is gone and sacrificed forever,
and it is sacrificed by gentlemen who are pur-
suing a myth and shadow. It is sacrificed for
an unsubstantial and supremely insufficient
reason. It is to me alarming that such radi-
cal and vicious propositions should find any
defenders in an American Congress.
Bat my colleague on this committee says
that it is a common practice for the courts of
the United States, in the exercise of the judi-
cial powers granted to them in the Constitu-
tion, to enforce the performance of judgments
against municipalities of this kind, such as
counties and cities. I answer him that he, as
well as any other intelligent lawyer of this
House, well knows that that proposition is
true to this extent only, that the Federal
courts in the exercise of this grant of judicial
powers may, where they have the jurisdiction
under the Constitution, compel these muni-
cipalities to execute their contracts, and that
is all. To execute their contracts ; but let it
be remembered that no decree of a Federal
court has gone to the extent of saying that
any one of these divisions should execute its
own contracts except in precise compliance
with the law of the State, in precise accordance
with its own contract and the law upon which
it was based, and not in pursuance of any law
dictated to it by Congress. In other words,
the extent of judicial power hitherto exercised
in that direction has been confined to the ex-
ecution of civil contracts, such as the payment
of corporation and municipal bonds issued
under State authority, where the courts of
the United States had jurisdiction, and then
only according to the law of the State recog-
nizing and enforcing fully and kindly, and in
all respects within tho precise letter of the
Constitution, the right of the State to govern
itself, to regulate its municipal interests, to
say whether a county or State may subscribe
to • a railroad, may issue or put out bonds
and securities in a particular way, how those
securities may be made payable and their
payment made certain. If any eounty.or city
fails to perform its obligations its contracts
can be enforced.
Any gentleman at a glance can see that tho
courts give no ground for the assumption of
my colleague on the committee, but do very
fully sustain me in my position. This novel
bill finds no refuge in the courts or the Con-
stitution. It is condemned by both, as well as
by right, reason, and humanity. It may read-
ily be seen by looking into any one of these
cases in our courts (which if I had time I
would refer to,) that the court does in all cases
put a mere interpretation on the laws of the
States and provide for the enforcement of
those laws under that construction. That is
not only true, but the court goes further and
says where those contracts, or charters affect-
ing municipal organizations, have had judicial
construction by the State court of last resort,
that the Supremo Court of the United States
will adopt and follow it and make such con-
struction its rule of action. The only departure
from it worth mention is in a case which arose
lately in Iowa, where there had been an un-
broken series of decisions sustaining an inter-
pretation of a contract, and one decision after-
ward reversing those decisions; and the Su-
preme Court said that it would adhere to the
policy laid down by the long line of decisions.
(lWallace II., 175.)
But that was extraordinary, and has never
been done by the Supremo Court except in
some extraordinary cases. It is not pretended
to be done tor the purpose of enabling the court
to go one inch beyond the true interpretation
of the State law and the State obligation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will detain the House
but a moment longer. I will not attempt again
to discuss the general provisions of this bill.
No invective, no vigor of denunciation can
fitly describe its abominable character. It is
incurable and unamendable. There is no sec-
tion or line in it that does not deserve indig-
nant rejection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Hawley
in the chair.) The Chair announces, as re-
quested by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] that twenty minutes of his time have
expired.
Mr. KERR. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Kekr] for the five minutes
allowed me to enter my protest against this
report. Of course I will not attempt to dis-
cuss the merits of this bill—I beg pardon, it has
no merits. It is simply a surrender of despotic
power and authority to the President by the
Representatives of the people, who will, I hope,
§ee to it that men who have thus betrayed tho
trusts confided to them shall have no chance to
do so any more. But argument avails nothing.
Denunciation such as a plain man can indulge
in is cut off, parliamentary language being
wholly inadequate to a full expression of its
atrocities ; nothing short of vigorous and oft-
repeated profanity, in which, of course, I do
not indulge, can do justice to the subject.
Still the bill, as it left tho House, had some
regard for the private rights of men under the
despotic rule established, the most valuable
of which have been stricken out by the con-
ference committee. When the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] was
adopted by the House, requiring all military
olBccrs who arrested citizens when the writ ol'
habeas corpus is suspended by the President
to turn them over to the civil courts for trial,
I felt that if a fair jury trial was allowed them
a great point was gained, as the outrages of
the President and his officials, if the arrest
was wrongful, could bo exposed and the per-
petrators brought to justice, or at least held
up to public condemnation ; and when the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] which I took more interest in
than all else, repealing the infamous jury law
of July 17, 1802, was passed, I felt that the
sting was out of the bill. The restoration of
the second section of that law by the commit-
tee of conference is a surrender to the more
bitter and malignant Radicals of the Senate
and House of all that was valuable in the
amendments which the House, by an over-
whelming majority, inserted into the original
text as a sine qua non to its passage here.
I regard the right to have an honest, upright,
impartial, and intelligent jury as the only safe-
guard left to individual liberty and right when
this bill becomes a law. Strike that down as
is done in the report, and there is nothing too
monstrous that a venal or servile judge may
not do in obedience to the orders of the Presi-
dent or those who are known or believed to
be authorized to speak for him. I care com-
paratively little about the_ Sherman amend-
ment, either in its original or modified form.
It is too grossly and palpably unconstitutional
to receive the sanction of any court that even
a Radical President or Senate mi^ht organize.
The Supreme Court, thank God, has yet a
decent respect for constitutional liberty and
law, and it will dismiss with the contempt it
merits the first case that comes before it seek-
ing to enforce the judgments provided for in
this bill, and that will be an end of the Sher-
man amendment. Therefore, I am not afraid
of the practical effect of that piece of narrow-
minded, fanatical, and malicious legislation ;
it overleaps itself. The old English "hue and
cry,'' or any other relic of barbarism, cannot
save it.
Our written Constitution, its limitations and
restrictions, were intended to put an end for-
ever to the exercise of all snch legislative and
judicial authority by the Federal Government,
and leave all these matters to the several States
and the people thereof. I care nothing about
the minor charges, but I do protest against the
