84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
leave to print.
Mr. AECHEE, and Mr. McCORMICK of
Missouri, asked and obtained leave to print
in the Globe some remarks on the preamble
and resolution presented by Mr. Wilson, of
Indiana. [See Appendix.]
thomas r. roberts.
On motion of Mr. ACKER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Thomas P. Roberts, of Montgom-
ery county, Pennsylvania, first sergeant of
company D, fifth Pennsylvania cavalry, for
pay under his commission as an officer of the
United States Army.
augustine bacon.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the claim of Augustine Bacon.
mrs. emma a. porcii.
On motion of Mr. BURDETT, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of the claim of Mrs. Emma A.
Porch.
daniel b. zimmerman.
On motion of Mr. B. P. MEYERS, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Daniel B. Zimmerman, of Som-
erset county, Pennsylvania.
* jam1cs stevens, of iowa.
On motion of Mr. ORR, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case
of James Stevens, of Iowa, for damages done
by the Cheyenne Indians.
j?, o'connell.
On motion of Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of P. O'Connell.
And then, on motion of Mr. DICKEY, (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented,
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of J. D.
Leflore and J. C. Harris, for payment for
horses, mules, &c., furnished the United
States, and for other relief.
Also, the petition of Charles H. McBlair,
of Maryland, for removal of political disabil-
ities.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Messrs. Marvel, Davol & Co. and 103 others,
citizens of Fall River, Massachusetts, praying
that a duty of sixty per cent, ad valorem be
levied on all importations of machinery man-
ufactured in part or in whole of iron or steel.
Also, the memorial of Samuel Flanders,
of Chilmark, Massachusetts, praying to be
remunerated for moneys expended on prop-
erty belonging to the United States.
By Mr. BURDETT: A bill to establish a
post route from Hermitage, via Wheatland, to
Nevada City, and from Barnumton to Roney,
in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. CRITCHER: A bill to establish cer-
tain post roads.
By Mr. DOX: A petition of sundry citizens
of Etowah, Cherokee, and De Kalb counties,
in the State of Alabama, asking for the estab-
lishment of a post route between Cross Plains
and Collinsville, via Gidley's, Thompsonville,
Huff's Gap, and Brocks.
By Mr. FAR WELL: A petition of citizens
of Chicago, asking that the publication of the
report of the Commissioner of Patents be con-
tinued as heretofore.
Also, the petition of S. S. Green, for pay for
a building sold by the quartermaster at Camp
Douglas.
Also, the petition of Elias Shipman, for
compensation for the occupation, from July
15,1862, to November 15,1865, by the United
States, of property in Norfolk.
Also, the petition of W. H. Bushnell, for
the equalization of postage on authors' manu-
script.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of the
board of supervisors of Ontario county, New
York, for payment for rooms occupied by the
United States as court-rooms, post office, &c.
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of Mrs. Han-
nah Goodwin, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Joseph Westcott.
By Mr. MAYNARD : A petition of citizens
of Cumberland county, Tennessee, praying
Congress to grant right of way to the Cincin-
nati and Southern railroad.
By Mr. McGREW: A petition of citizens
of Randolph county, West Virginia, for the
establishment of a post route from Valley
Head in Randolph county, via Webster Court-
House, toSummerville, Nicholas county, West
Virginia.
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of George
Baldy, of Louisiana, late captain and brevet
brigadier general United States Army, asking
for relief.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition of Adelia
Hutchins, widow of Erastus Hutchins, a soldier
of the war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of Mrs.
Alice Dryer, of Detroit, widow of Major Hiram
Dryer, of the twenty-second regiment of in-
fantry, for arrears of pay.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Washing-
ton Crosland for payment of property taken
in the city of St. Louis, by order of General
Fremont, in the year 1861.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Ma&h 14,1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCadley, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
bills referred.
Under the general order made yesterday, the
bills heretofore introduced and read twice were
referred as follows:
The bill (8. No. 3) making an appropriation
to indemnify the citizens of Brenham, Wash-
ington county, Texas, for loss of property by
fire and pillage at the hands of United States
soldiers;
The bill (S. No. 28) authorizing the payment
of interest due to the State of South Carolina ;
The bill (S. No. 34) for the relief of William
H. Turley, iu the case of the illegal seizure
of the steamer T. D. Hine ;
The bill (S. No. 35) for the relief of the
East Tennessee University;
The bill (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle and pay the
accounts of Colonel James F. Jacques;
The bill (S. No. 79) for the relief of Dudley
D. Smith, in his own right and as adminis-
trator of Whitcomb Smith, deceased;
The bill (S. No. 82) for the relief of Tinsley,
Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, and
J. N. Henderson &Co., of Louisiana, Missouri;
The bill (S. No. 94) for the relief of Miss
Keturah Cole;
The bill (S. No. 95) for the relief of Minerva
Lewis, as administratrix of the estate of Eze-
kiel Lewis, deceased;
The bill (S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan
& Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee;
The bill (S. No. 97) for the relief of William
Henry Otis; and
The bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Mil-
ton Best-—to the Committee of Claims.
The bill (6J, No. 4) to, incorporate the Red
River Valley, Oklahoma, and Santa F6 Rail-
road Company;
The bill (S. No. G) for the protection of set-
tlers on the public lands of the United States ;
The bill (S. No. 7) to. grant to the State of
Missouri all the public lands within the State
remaining undisposed of for the benefit of the
public school fund of said State;
The bill (S. No. 10) for the protection of set-
tlers on the public lands of the United States;
The bill (S. No. 60) for the relief of Lucas,
Dickinson, and other counties in the State of
Iowa;
The bill (S. No. 23) to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads on
the public lands of the United States;
The bill (S. No. 24) granting the right of
way and lands to the Sacramento Irrigation
and Navigation Company;
The bill (S. No. 30) authorizing the Savan-,
nah and Memphis Railroad Company of Ala-
bama to enter public lands;
The bill (S. No. 43) to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads on
the public lands of the United States ;
The bill (S. No. 45) to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company to relocate a portion of its road;
The bill (S. No. 47) to incorporate the Great
Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway Com-
pany, and to aid in the construction of its road,
and for the purpose of securing the lands along
the line of said road to actual settlers at $2 50
per acre, and in quantities not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to each settler ;
The bill (S. No. 51) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad in the State of
Florida, and to secure railroad connections
with the nearest available harbor to Cuba and
other West India islands;
The bill (S. No. 48) to incorporate the Kan-
sas, Indian Territory, and Gulf Railway Com-
pany, and to enable the Missouri River, Fort
Scott, and Gulf, and the Leavenworth, Law-
rence, and Galveston Railroad Companies to
unite upon and construct a single track through
the Indian territory and reach the Gulf;
The bill (S. No. 55) for the disposal of the
public lands in the State of Louisiana;
The bill (S. No. 01) to authorize the Presi-
dent to appraise certain lands;
The bill (S. No. 62) to provide for the sale
of certain lands;
The bill (S. No. 64) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to ascertain the value
of certain lands in the State of Iowa north of
the Raccoon fork of the Des Moines river held
by settlers under the preemption and homestead
laws of the United States, and subsequent to
the settlement- thereof determined by the Su-
preme Court of the United States to be Des
Moines river improvement lands;
The bill (S. No. 78) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to reestablish the
Monroe land district in the State of Louisiana;
The bill (S. No. 81) defining swamp and
overflowed lands;
The bill (S. _No._83) granting the right of
way and lands in aid of the construction of a
canal for irrigating and other purposes in the
county of El Dorado and other counties, in
the State of California;
The bill (S. No. 93) granting the right of
way to certain railroads in the Territory of
Colorado;
The bill (S. No. 108) declaring the true con-
struction of section two of the act of March 3,
1857, entitled "An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of Mis-
sissippi and other States;"
_ The bill (S. No. 109) extending the jurisdic-
tion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office in cases of applications for the cancella-
tion of homestead entries;
The bill (S. No. 110) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Brown-
