1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
"ville and Lincoln, in the State of Nebraska,
to Denver, Colorado Territory;
The bill (S. No. 115) reviving a grant of
lands heretofore made to the North Louisiana
and Texas railroad; and
The bill (S. No. 117) to provide for the seg-
regation and survey of the swamp and over-
flowed lands in the State of Oregon, and to
put the State in possession of the same—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (S. No. 18) to encourage the con-
struction of American ocean steamships for
the foreign trade and for naval purposes ;
The bill (S. No. 87) for the preservation of
the harbors and navigable rivers of the United
States against encroachments ;
The bill (S. No. 49) authorizing the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and Australia ;
The bill (S. No. 54) to incorporate the South-
'ern Express Company;
The bill (S. No. 57) authorizing mail steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico between
the port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and cer-
tain ports of the republic of Mexico ;
The bill (S. No. 76) to facilitate commerce
between the United States and China, Japan,
and the countries of Asia ;
The bill (S. No. 84) relative to a harbor of
refuge and breakwater at the entrance of the
Cape Cod ship-canal;
The bill (S. No. 89) to create a port of
delivery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other
purposes;
The bill (S. No. Ill) to aid the Mediterra-
nean and Oriental Steam Navigation Company
of New York to establish an American line of
iron steamships for opening direct trade be-
tween the United States and southern Europe,
for carrying the mails of the United States,
and for promoting immigration into the south-
ern States of the Union ;
The bill (S. No. 113) to create Shreveport,
in the State of Louisiana, a port of delivery;
The bill (S. No. 114) to incorporate the
Shreveport and Red River Improvement Com-
pany;
The bill (S. No. 116) concerning the com-
pensation of the collector of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
and
The bill (S. No. 118) to incorporate the
Japan Steam Navigation Company—to the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill (S. No. 9) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department;
The bill (S. No. 20) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Boonville, Missouri;
The bill (S. No. 32) to secure cheap trans-
portation of breadstuff's and provisions from
the West to the sea-board at uniform rates
throughout the year;
The bill (S. No. 38) to provide additional
commercial and postal facilities in the port of
New York;
The bill (S. No. 65) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the construction of
certain bridges and to establish them as post
roads," approved July 25, 1866;
The bill (S. No. 102) to provide for the
transportation of the mails between the Uni-
ted States and Europe, and for other pur-
poses ; and
The bill (S. No. 103) for the relief of Henry
N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Connecti-
cut—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The bill (S. No. 15) to aid in the construc-
tion of a railway and telegraph line through
Missouri and Arkansas along or near thethirty-
sixth parallel of north latitude;
The bill (S. No. 16) amendatory of an act
to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company;
The bill (S. No. 19) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon Branch Pacific railroad:
The bill (S. No. 39) authorizing the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company to construct a branch
of its road to the Arkansas river;
The bill (S. No. 42) to authorize and aid
the Kansas Pacific Railway Company to ex-
tend and construct its railroad and telegraph
line to the northern boundary of Mexico; and
The bill (S. No. 112) incorporating branches
of the Texas Pacific Railway Company under
tlie name ?.nd style of the North Carolina
Extension Railway Company—to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
The bill (S. No. 31) to provide stenog-
raphers for the circuit courts of the United
States;
The bill (S. No. 56) for the better organiza-
tion of the district courts of the United States
within the State of Louisiana;
The bill (S. No. 58) to prescribe the time
for holding the election for electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President in the State of
Louisiana ;
The bill (S. No. 63) for the apportionment
of Representatives to Congress among the
several States according to the ninth census ;
She bill (S. No. 85) to further the adminis-
tration of justice;
_ The bill (S. No. 86) relating to the resigna-
tion of judges of courts of the United States ;
The bill (S. No. 88) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to divide the State of Virginia
into two judicial districts;
The bill (S. No. 26) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the claimants
the proceeds of certain cotton seized in viola-
tion of instructions from the Treasury Depart-
ment and which have been erroneously covered
into the Treasury; and
The bill (S. No. 27) to provide for the sale
of certain lots and lands in South Carolina
belonging to the United States, and for other
purposes'—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly;
The bill (S. No. 17) to organize the Ter-
ritory of Oklahoma and consolidate certain
Indian tribes under territorial government;
The bill (S. No. 40) in relation to the Miami
Indian lands in Kansas;
The bill (S. No. 44) to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to sell certain lands in Kansas;
The bill (S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary
of War to pay the expenses incurred in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities in the Territory of
Montana in the year 1867 ;
The bill (S. No. 50) authorizing the Ottawa
Indians to bring suits in the courts of Kansas
upon any matters growing out of their late
treaties; and
The bill (S. No. 80) to ratify and carry into
effect the constitution and form of government
for the Indian Territory adopted December 20,
A. D. 1870, at Ocmulgee, by the general
council of said Territory held by the authority
of the Government of the United States—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill (S. No. 41) to enable the Secretary
of War to enlarge the depot at Fort Leaven-
worth ;
The bill (S. No. 67) for the relief of the
purchasers of lots and houses and lots sold by
virtue of an act of Congress entitled "An act
providing for the sale of the lands, tenements,
and water privileges belonging to the United
States at and near Harper's Perry, in the
county of Jefferson, West Virginia," approved
December 15, 1868;
The bill (S. No. 69) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to acquire the possessory rights
of the occupants of certain land adjoining the
United States barracks at Barrancas, in the
State of Florida;
The bill (S. No. 70) for the relief of the first
battalion heavy artillery of Massachusetts vol-
unteers ;
The bill (S. No. 71) for the settlement of
the claim of the State of Massachusetts for
coast defense;
_ The bill (S. No. 72) to provide for the selec-
tion of cadets to the Military and Naval Acad-
emies ;
The bill (S. No. 73) to authorize the pro-
mulgation of the general regulations for the
government of the Army;
The bill (S. No. 90) for the relief of John
E. Wheeler;
The bill (S. No. 92) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from- certain soldiers of.the thirteenth Ten-
nessee cavalry," approved April 10, 1869;
The bill (S. No. 98) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant John Shelton;
The bill (S. No. 66) declaring the lands con-
stituting the Fort Collins military reservation,
in the Territory of Colorado, subject to pre-
emption and homestead entry, as provided for
in existing laws;
The bill (S. No. 68) providing for the sale
of land belonging to the United States, situated
at Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, in the State of
New York; and
The bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Colonel
George W. Kirk—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The bill (S. No. 5) to relieve all persons
engaged in the rebellion from the disability
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution, with certain exceptions; and
The bill (S. No. 8) for the removal of all
legal and political disabilities from the people
of the southern States—to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (S. No. 53) for the restoration of
George A. Stevens, United States Navy, to
the active from the retired list;
The bill (S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph
Lanman;
The bill (S. No. 107) for the relief of George
C. Bestor;
The bill (S. No. 52) for the relief of George
R. Wilson; and
The bill (S No. 87) for the relief of Carlton
A. Uber—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill (S. No. 12) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the post office, custom-house,
pension office, United States circuit and district
courts, and internal revenue offices at Hart-
ford, Connecticut; and
The bill (S. No. 91) to provide for a building
for United States courts, post office, pension .
and internal revenue offices at Grand Rapids,
Michigan—to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The bill (S. No. 11) to abolish the tax upon
incomes;
The bill (S. No. 29) amending an act to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
approved July 14, 1870; and
The bill (S. No. 74) relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States—to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (S. No. 1) to incorporate the Tehu-
ant.epec Railway and Ship-Canal Company;
The bill (S. No. 25) to encourage tele-
graphic communication between America,
Asia, and Europe ; and
The bill (S. No. 100) to provide for the ad-
justment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801—
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill (S. No. 22) to amend section five
of the general incorporation law of the Dis-
trict of Columbia in relation to cemeteries ;
and
The bill (S. No. 101) to amend the act ap-
proved June 21, 1870, for the improvement
of M street in the city of Washington—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The bill (S. No. 106) to authorize the peo-
ple of New Mexico to form a constitution and
State government previous to their admission
into the United States as a State, with the
name of Lincoln, on an equal footing with
the original States—to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
