1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
I regret that tlie committee of conference on
the part of the House did not insist upon that
provision as it stood when the bill was sent to
she Senate. I am not particular about any
early date, but it seems to me that the time
should be fixed definitely in the bill itself, so
that we may not, by the device of a recess of
Congress, give a longer time for the exercise
of the presidential discretion than what the
bill itself now seems to give.
Now, let me come to the amendment which
for convenience has been called the Sherman
amendment, the essential amendment put upon
the bill in the Senate. I am not prepared to,
and I shall not here enter upon any discussion
of the constitutional power of Congress to re-
sort to legislation of this character. But it
seems very clear to me that if there is in the
Constitution any power vested in Congress to
resort to a provision like this for the punish-
ment of offenses, or for giving redress to per-
sons injured, this is very clearly an unwise and
improper exercise of that power. So far as I
know, the exercise of such a power by any
Government is only warranted when the com-
munity upon which the penalty is visited, as
by this section, has proved faithless to its
duties, when it has not performed the obliga-
tions that rest upon it, and which it was abun-
dantly able to perform, if it had the disposition
to do so.
So under the old law of England if the hun-
dred performed all that they were required to
perform as good citizens they were no longer
liable, and properly enough; and it was be-
cause they could not justly be made any longer
liable that the limitation was fixed there.
There is in us all a sense of justice, which is
stronger than even constitutional law itself.
In our enactments, and in the administration
of law, Legislatures and courts often stop at
barriers which the Constitution has not placed
in their way, because they see that justice com-
pels them to stop at that point.
Now, sir, the Constitution has not imposed,
we have not, by the Constitution imposed, any
duty upon a county, city, parish, or any other
subdivision of a State, to enforce the laws, to
provide protection for the people, to give them
equal rights, privileges, and immunities. The
Constitution has declared that to be the duty
of the State. The Constitution, in effect, says
that no State shall deny to its citizens the
equal protection of the laws, and I understand
that that declaration, that prohibition, applies
only to the States, so far as political or munici-
pal action is concerned. But the State, within
its boundaries, has the creation and the control
of the laws for the protection of the people.
What can the county do ? What can ' the
parish do ? What can a city do, to give me the
equal protection of the laws ? The city and the
county have no power except the powerthatis
given them by the State. They cannot keep vio-
lence away from me; they cannot protect me
in my rights, except as the State has clothed
them with the power to do so ; and for the en-
forcement of the laws of the State they get no
aid, no authority, no power whatever from the
United States.
In most of the States—it is so in mine, I
know—the counties and the towns have no
power whatever in this regard except as those
powers have been conferred upon them by the
State; and these powers can be taken from
them at any time by the State. If these powers
are not given to them by the State, or if they
hold them only at the will of the State, what
justice is there in making the town, city, or
parish liable for not protecting the property of
citizens, when perhaps no laws for its pro-
tection exists; for not giving mc protection,
when they have not been clothed by the State
with the right and power to give me protec-
tion ?
Ttius it seems to me—and, as I said before,
I am only arguing this point in the light of its
justice, and not as a strict question of consti-
tutional law—'.hat we are imposing upon a
community an obligation that we have no right
to impose upon them, that in justice we cannot
impose upon them for the reason that such
municipalities are, as such, powerless to either
make or enforce the laws of the State or of the
United States. We should never impose an
obligation upon a community when we do not
and cannot give that community the power to
discharge that obligation. We should not re-
quire a county or a city to protect persons in
their lives or property until we confer also
upon them the power to furnish that protection.
I hold that this duty of protection, if it rests
anywhere, rests on the State, and that if there
is to be any liability visited upon anybody for
a failure to perform that duty, such liability
should be brought home to the State. Hence,
in my judgment, this section would be liable
to very much less objection, both in regard to
its justice and its constitutionality, if it pro-
vided that if in any State the offenses named
in this section were committed, suit might be
brought against the State, judgment obtained,
and payment of the judgment might be en-
forced upon the treasury of the State.
I now come to another objection to this sec-
tion, and it is an objection which has been
suggested by the gentleman on tlife other side,
[Mr. Kerr.] All laws of this character which
have been enforced in England, or any State
of the United States, contemplate a default
on the part of the community, which is made
chargeable. Here we propose to make the
community chargeable in the first instance.
Take, for example, the law now in force, as
1 understand, in the State of New York.
That law provides that before tho municipality
shall be held liable, the person who suffers
damage shall show that the injury to person
or property of which he complains occurred
through no fault of his own, Vmt was the result
of the neglect and failure of the authorities
to give him adequate protection. Here we
insist on no such prerequisite. We make, in
fact, no provision whatever in this bill for
proving in court that there has been any de-
fault, any denial, any neglect on the part of
the county, city, town, or parish to give citi-
zens the full protection of the laws.
One point more. This bill provides that if
a person's buildings are burned, or he is injured
in his person in the ways mentioned, "by
reason of his race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude," he shall have his redress in
the courts of the United States, through the
process mentioned in this section. Now, sir,
this means that when a man's house is burned
because he is black, or ho is whipped for a
like reason, he may bring his suit for damages
in the United States courts: that when a man
is killed because he is a Chinaman, his mur-
der shall be an offense of which the United
States courts shall have jurisdiction. But no
man is guarantied by the Constitution, on ac-
count of his race, color or previous condition
of servitude, the enjoyment of any more rights
than every citizen has by that instrument the
guaranty of. The Constitution holds over no
man any additional shield on account of his
birth-place, or parentage, or previous condi-
tion. We have provided by the fifteenth amend-
ment that the right to vote shall not be denied
or abridged on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude; but we do not
by reason of that give a person any redress in
our courts, except when there is a denial of
just what the Constitution declares he is enti-
tled to. That instrument gives him as a citi-
zen no rights which it does not give to me or
any other man. It gives him as a citizen no
rights which are not given to white and black
alike. Alike they are entitled to the equal
protection of the laws, and when that protec-
tion is denied to them have already pro-
vided for them the same measure of rediess.
The Constitution now calls them all citizens,
and gives to all the protection which it gives
to any citizen; and it is the most patent in-
equality and injustice to give Irishmen or Chi-
namen or colored men a remedy against a
county, and in the United States courts, when
a white native citizen can only have his rem-
edy against individuals and in the State courts.
It is true that a person may suffer this dam-
age by reason of his previous condition of ser-
vitude. His old master may have some feel-
ing against him because he sees him a free man
and a voter; and for that reason he may inflict
some injury upon his person or liis property ;
but every offense has something peculiar in its
character, and which constitutes the motive
for its commission against that particular indi-
vidual. But the life of a colored person, the
house of a colored person are no more under
the peculiar protection of the United States
than the life and property of citizens of differ-
ent complexions; and where the guarantee
is the same it is clear that the remedy must be
the same. When we have just got rid, as we
have hoped, by the amendment to the Consti-
tution, of the inequality, both in rights and
remedies, which made our Government prac-
tically deny what our fathers asserted in the
Declaration of Independence, the equality of
all men, let us not now begin to go over to
the other side and give greater rights and more
effectual remedies to one man than to another,
to one class of men than to another, to one
race of men than to another. Of course, I
deny that we have any constitutional power to
do this; but I do not here urge that point, as
I purposed at the outset to confine my remarks
mainly to a consideration of the injustice of
the legislation proposed by this amendment.
I believe a black man is just as good as a
white man. I believe that the freed slave is
just as good as the free-born citizen; and
while I would give to him the same rights and
the same protection which I would give to any
one, I would not give him any greater rights
or any higher remedies than are allowed to
other citizens. We have made him, as God
made him, our equal as members of the polit-
ical community; and it is better for him, as
well as for us, that we should leave him there,
and not attempt to still keep up the idea that
he is so far inferior to us after all that, we must
make him an exceptional and favored class in
the administration of our laws.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield for twenty-five
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,]
Mr. BUXLEil, of Massachusetts. Iam sorry,
Mr. Speaker, as there seems to bo some differ-
ence of opinion on this report, tha.t we shall
not have full time to debate it, if there is any
danger that so important a bill as this should
be lost on account of constitutional and other
scruples.
The first objection taken by my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. WiiXAKi),] but upon which he
does not much insist, is that we have allowed
the habeas corpus to be suspended not for a
given tune. That is to say, ho is willing to have
it suspended to the 1st of June or July next,
or even to .September; but he wants the day
fixed. We, on the other hand, propose that
the suspension shall cease when Congress
meets. In other words, wo propose iu the
report to keep the suspension always within
the power of Congress, so as to have it only
suspended while we are not here, or while we
may not be here for the purpose of legislating,
if any harm is done by the suspension.^ On
the contrary, bo is willing to fix an arbitrary
time when Congress is riot here, when we have
no control in which the writ may be suspended.
I think itis morein consonance with the theory
of our Government to have the writ of habeas
corpus suspended only when Congress can con-
trol it, than to have it suspended for an arbi-
trary term when Congress cannot control it.
But he does not much insist on that objection.
The main objection consists in the faet, that
there are here provisions to give lemcdy
against a county, city, or parish for wrongs
done m a riotous manner, it. has been argued
by the gentleman who was on the committee,
