86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
The bill (S. No. 14) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights—to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
The bill (S. No. 36) to prevent cruelty to
animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States—to the Committee on Agriculture.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT l^id before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives:
Seiolved, (th e Senate concurring,) Th at the Speaker
of tlie House and tho President of the Senate adjourn
their respective Houses of the Forty-Second Con-
gress of tho United States on Wednesday, the loth
instant, at twelve o'clock m., without day.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its considera-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. I move that it lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves that the resolution lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY. It is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not consider it?
Mr. SUMNER. Is it in order ?
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is in order. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Indiana, that the resolution
lie on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas32, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Cor-
bett, Crngin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen, Howe, Morrill of Vermont. Slorton, Nye.
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyor,
faehurz, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stewait, Sumner,
West, Windom, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Mossrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davisof West Virginia, Hamilton, Kelly, Saulsbury,
fetevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Conkling,
.Dims ol Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Jilanasan. Gilbert, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Kellogg, Lowis,Logan, Morrill of Maino, Patterson,
Jtuco, liobertson, foprague, Tipton, andWilson—22.
. So the resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
industrial home school.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 4) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to turn over
certain property to the managers of the Indus-
trial Home School of the District of Columbia
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely in the
words of a resolution passed by the Senate at
the last session. It gives to certain ladies, who
have charge of a charity in this District, some
property of no value to the United States. I
hope it will be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Navy
to deliver and turn over to the managers of
the Industrial Home School of tho District of
Columbia, for the use of tho pupils and inmat.es
thereof, the following articles of machinery
and tools not used or needed by the Govern-
ment, in good condition: one engine, one
boiler, one circular saw and table complete,
with the required shafting and pulleys and
hangers, and such other tools and implements
from the navy-yard as are not used or needed
for the service of the Government which may
be useful for the school.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, road the third time, and passed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Milo
Pratt, praying remuneration for losses sus-
tained by the alleged failure of the quarter-
master's department to comply with a con-
tract made with him in 1864 for furnishing the
Government with coal; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presenta petition from
Thomas J. Hill, of the Providence Machine
Company, and a very large number of the
manufacturers of machinery, representing that
the duty on iron used in the manufacture of
machinery ranges from forty-five to one hun-
dred and five per cent., whereas machinery is
admitted at thirty-five per cent, ad valorem,;
that is, the manufactured article is admitted at
one half less than the average duty on the arti-
cles from which it is manufactured. They
pray that this obvious injustice may be reme-
died by Congress, and that the manufacturers
of machinery may have a protection corre-
sponding with the protection which is accorded
to the raw material which they are compelled
to use in their business. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the me-
morial of Benjamin S. Brooks and others, rep-
resenting that they are tax-owners of the island
of Yerba Buena, bay of San Francisco, part
of which has been possessed by United States
troops to their injury, and praying that they
may be restored to their rights. I movejhe
reference of the memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I also present two
petitions from assistant marshals, praying for
increased pay. As the subject has been dis-
posed of, I move that these petitions lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 170) to repeal the duties
upon salt;
A bill (H. R. No. 174) to repeal the duties
on tea and coffee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 175) to relieve John J.
Bradford of his political disabilities ;
A bill (II. R. No. 176) to relieve the polit-
ical disabilities of Charles H. McBlair, of
Maryland;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 27) to repeal
the duties upon coal; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) for the
relief of Robert Moir & Co.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. l) authorizing the
appointment of a commissioner to an inter-
national congress on penitentiary and reform-
atory discipline; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
annexation of dominica.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand, Mr.
President, a memorial signed by Tomas Boba-
dilla, late president of the central junta of the
Government of the Dominican republic, late
president of the supreme court, late minister
of State, and senator of the said republic; also
signed by Pedro Pablo de Bonilla, late senator
and president of the supreme court of justice;
also signed by Meriton Valverde, general of
the national army, late senator and member
of congress; also signed by Carlos Nouel, late
attorney of the supreme court of justice, late
secretary of State, of finances, and foreign
affairs, and member of congress; also signed
by Eusebio Pereira, brigadier general of the
national armies; also signed by Joso A. Bo-
nilla y Espana, counselor of the courts of the
republic, and ex-attache to the department of
justice ; also signed by Felix Chala and Agus-
tin Bellini, colonels in the army; also signed
by Manuel_ Pereira, late official of the republic;
and also signed by Jos6 Castillanos, merchant
in San Domingo, actually residing abroad.
This memorial is in the Spanish language.
It has been translated at my direction, and
having verified the translation with the original,
I proceed to call attention to its contents. The
memorialists set forth as follows:
"Understanding that the honorable Senate of tho
United States of America, prompted by the Govern-
ment of the Union, have voted measures the object
of which is to prepare the means of realizing the
annexation of the Dominican republic, as proposed
by General Baez, to the Cabinet of Washington, the
undersigned have decided, in their own name and in
filename of several Dominican citizens, who, victims
of the violence of the administration of General
Baez, reside also in this island,"—
This is written from the island of Porto
Rico—
" to address tho high body of the American Union
through the medium of this memorial, stating—
' First. That President Baez, abusing the power
exercised by him, and with the purpose of accom-
plishing tho annexation of San Domingo to the Uni-
ted States, a deed which cannot be consummated
legally, being forbidden by the constitution of the
republic, has caused to be sentenced to death and'
executed many patriots wJjo had expressed opinions
against the projected idea of annexation, has put
others in chains, imprisoned many more, and im-
posed a rigorous ostracism upon the majority of the
most influential and notable citizens of the country,
" Second. That for the same object of realizing his
intentions, and in order to deceive the good faith of
the Government and people of the United States
with an appearance of legality, forced the Domini-
cans to assemble for election, compelled with threats
tho greatest part of the citizens to deposit in the
ballot-box a vote against their convictions and
opposed to the interests of the country; thus endeav-
oring afterward to show to the world the result of
that suffrage as being tho free and spontaneous
expression of the sentiments of the Dominicans.
" Third. That the majority of the country rejects
all foreign domination, as proved by its history from
the time of its discovery to the present day.
"Iburth. That the annexation proposed by General
Baez has for sole object the converting in specie
large amounts -which he and some of his intimate
adherents hold in bills against the treasury of the
republic, the payment of which would fall heavily
upon the Government of the United States, if that
Government, 1-egardl ess of the reason .of a free coun-
try, and of the right, justice, and respect which aro
due by a nation to another, was to attack the inde-
pendence of the Dominicans in accepting an annex-
ation, which is the work of a few. but is not, and
never shall be, the will of the majority.
' 'Fifth. That it is a constitutional law, confirmed by
the different charters of the republic, that no power
of the State can alien a part or a whole of its terri-
tory ; that constitutional law has become a principle
of international law for the republic, having been
inserted in public treaties with other Powers.
"Sixth. That, in virtue of the principle of non-
alienability of tho Dominican territory, neither the
president, his oabinct, nor the senate, separately or
collectively, can be invested with sufficient authority
to annex the republic to a foreign nation, and by
such an act destroy the nationality of a people who
have suffered great and constant sacrifices for the
preservation of their freedom and independence.
'Seventh. That as the constitution is intrusted to
the zeal, valor, and patriotism of the Dominicans
for the faithful observance of its provisions, a.nd
consequently the preservation of their territorial
integrity, no accusation of treason can bo made
valid by. the government of Baez against tho gon-
erals, chiefs, officors, and soldiers who, in the north
and south ol' the republic, are now actually in arms,
holding a great part of the territory and struggling
to overthrow a Government which declared itself
the enemy of the nation."
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Indiana rise?
Mr. MORTON. To make a request of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I was not in
when he began, and I should like to ask him
from whom that petition comes and where the
persons live.
Mr. SUMNER. I have stated it minutely.
Mr. MORTON. I was not in at the time,
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of
order 
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator had
better allow me to finish, and then the ques-
tion of order can be raised.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order, which I will state, and then the Chair
can determine it. I understand that by the
established rules and usages of the Senate, the
right of petition not being conferred upon for-
eigners, a foreigner is not allowed to present a
petition to occupy the attention of the Senate.
As a matter of course, these gentlemen set out
in the very beginning of their petition tha.t
