1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
United States as may be deemed necessary for tho
purpose of preventing the removal of such vessel or
cargo, and protecting tho officers of the customs in
retaining the custody thereof."
What would not my friend from Vermont
have given if this law which we are now pass-
ing could have thrown its protecting shield
around his fellow-citizen, Dickinson, whose
murdered body is now being carried with slow
and solemn steps to a grave among the green
hills of Vermont, he having lost his life for
want, of the protection of the Government?
Mr. WILLARD. Has not the President
now the power to employ the land and naval
forces to enforce the laws ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
lie cannot (lo it until he has given twenty days'
notice by proclamation, and during those
twenty days Dickinson was killed. At any
rate, we will not lose the widow's remedy
against the county, if the gentleman will vote
for the bill; his orphans should be educated
at the expense of those who murdered the
father, if the gentleman will not prevent it.
Mr. POLAND. Will this law have a retro-
active effect?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
Ido not say that it will have a retroactive effect.
And it is because of the delay that we have
had, or else it would meet Dickinson's case.
But there are oilier dead men besides Dickin-
son.
I desire to call attention simply to one other
provision of this bill, that in regard to the
jury oath. Gentlemen on the other side have
denounced the law which applies the oath to
jurors as au infamous law. That is always
the word they use when denouncing any con-
stitutional law made to suppress the rebellion.
Jt is a law that was passed in June, 1862, to
do what? To put down a rebellion. We are
now passing another law to put down what?
A new rebellion. Why, then, should we allow
men who were in the old rebellion to sit on
juries and enforce our laws to put down a new
rebellion when a judge of the United States
courts thinks it is not safe for them to sit
there? Thatis the whole provision. Wohave
a new rebellion down South, or rather the
embers of the old rebellion are uncovered and
tho fires are again bursting out. And when
we say that we will not allow the men who in-
augurated the old rebellion to sit upon a jury
to quench the fires of this new rebellion or
of the old rebellion that have burst out, we arc
told that such a provision of law is infamous.
Sir, in my judgment, it would be infamous,
if that is the word always to be used to char-
acterize laws, for us to permit the men who
started the old rebellion, and who are foster-
ing this, who stand by it day by day and are
murdering our friends, black and white, to sit
upon the juries and deal with questions of fact
in oases where in the last resort we must go
to the courts for redress under our Constitu-
tion and laws.
Sir, if I comprehended the argument that has
been made here, and should give it full weight,
1 must believe that the Constitution of the
United States is onlyan instrument framed to
prevent the Government from doing that which
it ought to do, and to permit and allow every-
body else utitrammeled and untouched to do
that which he ought not do, for that is the
only logical sequence of the arguments made
here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
31r. SCOFIBLD. I now yield fifteen min-
utes to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I ara troubled
with such a hoarseness to-day that I do not
know that I shall be able to make myself heard
at all. I am very sorry that I am not able to
concur in this conference report. If it were
not that I have objections to it that seem to
me insurmountable, I certainly should agree to
it. I am as much in the habit of yielding to
the judgment of my party friends as other men
of my side of the House. When the difference
is as to policy or expediency merely I am as
ready as any man to be overruled by the "opin-
ion of the majority of my own political friends.
But, sir, when it is proposed to pass a bill that
in my sincere judgment is contrary to the
Constitution, or any portion of which is con-
trary to the Constitution, the oath that I have
taken as a member of this House, that I will
according to my judgment support, maintain,
and uphold that Constitution, must prevent me
from voting for it. In such contingency, if my
own opinion of the requirements of the Con-
stitution is clear and fixed, I must follow it,
no matter who or how many may happen to
believe different.
There are some things in this bill that I should
like to speak of, but 1 will not have time to do
so. I shall therefore confine myself almost
entirely to what is termed here the Sherman
amendment. By that amendment it is pro-
posed, by an act of the national Congress, to
impose a liability upon a mere State munici-
pality, a mere subdivision of the State, created
by State authority and by State laws and for
State governmental purposes. In the first place,
I want to say a word in relation to the useful-
ness of such a provision. There are two rea-
sons given why we should pass it; first, it is
said that these riots, these disorders, these
injuries are committed by persons who are un-
known ; that the person injured does not know
who it was that did the injury to liim or to his
property, and therefore it is impossible for him
to maintain a suit against him, because he does
not know him, or know them ; for the liability
is only imposed where there are a considerable
number of persons engaged in the commission
of the wrong or unlawful act.
Now, if gentlemen will examine this provis-
ion they will seo that in order to maintain a
suit against the county at all them must be
proved the intent, of the persons in committing
the act to deprive the suffering party of some
right guarantied to him by the Constitution
of the United States, The county is liable only
when an act of this sort is done with tho specific
intent which lies at the very foundation of the
action. How is it that the man who brings
his suit against the county is to be provided
with proof to establish this peculiar intent and
purpose on the part of persons who committed
the act; for the persons themselves are un-
known, so that he cannot bring suit directly
against them in the courts? That seems to
me one reason why such a provision as this is
totally unnecessary and useless. If a man
could maintain an action of this sort, the
necessary evidence would bo equally effectual
for him to maintain a suit against the wrong-
doer himself.
But there is another consideration. As I
understand the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] and other gentlemen who have
-spoken upon this subject, the great advantage
to be derived from this provision of law is not
from suits being brought under it and damages
recovered therein; but it is a sort of restrain-
ing grace which we are to put upon everybody.
[Laughter.] In the southern States (iu {act
in all the Stales, because this bill applies to
everybody) wo are not only to put every man
upon his own good behavior, but we are to put
him upon the good behavior of everybody else.
This is the great advantage; this is the great
secret of the propriety and wisdom of this sec-
tion of the law.
Now, it has been said—it was said in the
Senate, if I may be allowed to allude to that,
and it has been said here—that the objections
urged in the House against this section of the
bill have been removed by the conference com-
mittee, because they have provided a different
mode of enforcing a judgment against a city
or county; they have fixed it up with so much
machinery that no city or county is to be in-
jured by it; they have arranged the provision
in such a manner that the remedy against the
wrong-doer is to be absolute and certain in
every case; and therefore it is argued that no
city or county can suffer anything by this bill.
If that be a sound argument, how comes it to
pass that cities and counties will labor under
such great fear of being made liable, and there
fore see to it that no such liability may come
upon them? It seems to me that the fact that
this alleged immunity and safety is to be thrown
over them detracts very largely from the spirit
of restraining grace, as 1 term it.
But, Mr. Speaker, my time will not permit
me to speak further in reference to the pro-
priety or wisdom of this amendment. The
reason why I cannot vote for it. is not because
it ia foolish, absurd, and of no utility, as I
believe, butbecause, in myjudgment, the enact-
ment of such a provision is entirely beyond
any eonstitutionalpowerthatwe possess. This
section proposes to visit this liability upon
cities and counties. What are cities and coun-
ties ? Tliey are municipal subdivisions ofStatcs.
They are a part of the machinery of a State
government.. They are divisions which the
State itself makes as mere agencies and instru-
mentalities for the purpose of enforcing its own
laws and its own local polity.
Now, I would like to have gentlemen point
out when, and where, and how the national
Congress derived any power to impose any
liability in this way. As I understand the
theory of our Constitution, the national Gov-
ernment deals either with States or with indi-
vidual persons. So far as we are a national
Government in the strict sense we deal with
persons, with every man who is an inhab-
itant of the United States, as if there wero
no States, towns, or counties; as if the whole
country were in one general mass, without
any subdivisions of States, countics, or towns.
We deal with them as citizens or inhabitants
of this great Republic. With these local sub-
divisions we have nothing to do. We can im-
pose no duty upon them ; wo can impose no
liability upon them in any manner whatever.
Mr. HO All. Did not the Government under
tho conscription act make use of wards, town-
ships, &c., as convenient subdivisions of the
United States in enforcing the draft?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly. I hold that the
General Government, when engaged in war,
had the right to draw men; it might either
follow the local subdivisions or not, as it chose.
It wanted to make an equal draft in proportion
to the population j and it was at liberty to
adopt territorial divisions already existing, ot-
to make new ones. But no liability was cre-
ated upon the towns or counties. The right
of the Government was to draw men from the
whole country and from all parts of the coun-
try, and for the purpose of making the differ-
ent parts of the country bear their proportion-
ate share of the burden it made use of the
existing subdivisions; but that has nothing to
do with this question.
A recent decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States illustrates this point. That
court decided, only a week or two ago, that
the national Government, even in the exercise
of the taxing power, one of tho most exten-
sive of all the powers vested in the Govern-
ment, cannot touch any State machinery; that
although the Government has power to tax
everything and everybody, it cannot tax the
salary of a State official as such. The court
held that such a matter is one which the Gen-
eral Government knows nothing about and
has nothing to do with.
Mr. MAYNAHD. Does the gentleman say
that we cannot tax a corporation created by
the law of a State?
Mr. POLAND. We may tax a corporation
of a State which owns property us anybody
else who owns property.
Mr. MAYNARD. is not a municipal cor-
poration to be regarded as the same for this
purpose?
Air. POLAND. I am not aware that there
is any power, or that any was ever attempted
to be exercised by the General Government,
