88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts can ask unanimous consent to
make a speech on any subject.
Mr. SCJ5INEH. No, I do not wish to make
a speech, but I am presenting a memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts can ask unanimous consent to
present a memorial which is not in order
within the rules. The Chair has no doubt the
Senate have a right to grant unanimous con-
sent for that purpose; but the Chair must
enforce the rule, which provides that the
morning business shall be disposed of in the
following order :
"Petitions and memorials;
" Reports of committees ;
"The introduction of bills;
"Joint resolutions;
"Resolutions;
all which shall be received and disposed of in such
order, unless unanimous consent shall be otherwise
given."
Senators have risen with petitions, claiming
the right to present them. The Chair does
not consider this as a petition within the rule,
but unanimous consent can waive that.
Mr. SUMNER. The only suggestion that I
wished to make was that whatever ruling the
Chair should make must be founded on usage
and not on a rule of the Senate, there being no
rule on the subject; and it was on that account
I wished to have the Senate understand that
I felt it my duty to give the Senate an oppor-
tunity of receiving this paper, if the Senate
chose to do so.*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the point of order has
been made now three times, and unless the
decision of the Chair bo appealed from it must
stand.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not appeal from it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are in
order.
* The paper presented by Mr. Sumner is as follows;
[Translation.]
To the Honorable Senate
of the United States of North America :
IIosokable Susatoks : The underMsneil, Tomas
Bobadilla,. late President of the Central Junta of
l.ho ftovernment of tho Dominican republic, lato
president of the supremo court, late minister of Stato
arid senator of tho said republic; Pedro Pablo de
Bonilla, lute senator and president ol'the supremo
court of jus tic o; Meriton Valverde, general of tho
national army, late senator and member of con-
gress; Carlos Nouol, lato attorney of tho supreme
court oi justice, late secretary of state, of finances
and foreign affairs, and member of consross; Iiusobio
Peroira, brigadier general of the national armies;
Jose A. Bonilla y Espana, counselor of the courts
of the republic, and ex-attache to the department
oi justice; ielix Chala and Agnstiu ISellini, colo-
nels in the army; Manuel M. Pereira, lato official of
the republic; and Jos6 Castillanos, merchant iu St
Domingo, actually residing abroad:
Understanding that the honorable Senate of tho
United btates ot America, prompted by the flovern-
ment. of the Union, have voted measures, the objcct
of which is to prepare the means of realizing the
annexation of tho Dominican republic, as proposed
by (jencral Laez, to the Cabinet of Washington the
undersigned havedecided, in their own name and in
the name of several Dominican citizens, who, victims
of the violence of the administration of General
liaez, reside also in this island, to address the high
body of the American Union through the medium
of this memorial, stating
First. That President Baez, abusing the power cx-
ercised by him arid with the purpose of accomplish-
ing the annexation of San Domingo to the United
Mates, a deed which cannot be consummated legal iv,
being forbidden by tho constitution of the republic,
hay caused to be sentenced to death and executed
in any patriots who had expressed opinions against
the projected idea of annexation, has put others in
eluuns, imprisoned many more,and imposed a rigor-
ous ostracism upon the majority of the most in-
fluential and notable citizens of the country.
# Second. That for the same object of realizing his
^mentions, and in order to deceive the good laith
ot the Government and people of the United States
with an appearance of legality, forced the Domin-
ican to assemble for election, compelled with threats
tho greatest part of the citizens to deposit in the bal-
lot-box avote against their convictions and opposed
to the interests of the country; thus endeavoring
afterward to show to tho world the result of that
suttrage as being the free and spontaneous expres-
sion of the sentiments of the Dominicans.
Third. That the majority of the country rejects all
ioreigni domination, as proved by its history from the
time of its discovery to the present day.
I'ourth. That the annexation proposed by General
±>aez has tor t>ole object the converting in spccie
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
William J. Henry, praying an increase of pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present the peti-
tion of a number of rectifiers and wholesale
dealers in liquors of the city of Philadelphia.
They say that under the act of Congress of
July 20, 1868, rectifying and distilling were
not permitted to be carried on upon the same
premises within six hundred feet of each other 5
but they complain that by arecent decision of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue this
provision of law is not observed and that this
business, if allowed to be carried on in viola-
tion of the law, is to their detriment and injury.
They invested large sums of money and have
erected expensive machinery for the purpose
of rectifying and redistilling. I move that
this petition be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
John Cullen and William R. Smith, praying to
be restored to the Capitol police force, from
which they claim to have been illegally ejected ;
which was referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Richard
Barnett, late postmaster of Vicksburg, Missis-
sippi, praying relief from the United States
for money paid by him into the Treasury under
a decision of the Postmaster General, for which
money he claims that he ought not to be held
responsible ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Clara
Morris, prayiDg compensation for services ren-
dered and for losses sustained in ministering
large amounts which he and some of his intimate
adherents hold in bills against the treasury of the
republic, the payment of which would fall heavily
upon the Government of tho United States, if that
Government, regardless of tho reason of a free coun-
try, and of the right, justice, and respect which are
duo by a nation to another, was to attack the inde-
pendence of the Dominicans in accepting an annex-
ation, which is the work of a few. but is not, and never
shall be, the will of the majority.
Fifth. That it.is a constitutional law, confirmed by
the different charters of the republic, that no power
of tho State can alien a pare or a whole of its terri-
tory; that constitutional law has become a prin-
ciple of international law for the republic, having
been inserted in public treaties with other Powers.
Sixth. That, in virtue of the principle of non-alien-
ability of tho Dominican territory, neither the presi-
dent, his cabinet, nor the senate, separately or col-,
lectively, can be invested with sufficient authority"
to annex tho republic to a foreign nation, and by
such an act destroy the nationality of a people who
have suffered great and constant sacrifices for the
preservation of their freedom and independence.
Seventh. That as the constitution is intrusted to
the zeal, valor, and patriotism of the Dominicans for
the faithful observance of its provisions, and conse-
quently the preservation of their territorial integ-
rity, 110 accusation of treason can be made valid by
the government ot Baez against the generals, chiefs,
officers, and soldiers, who, in the north and south of
tho republic, are now actually in arms, holding a
great part of tho territory and struggling to over-
throw a Government which declared itself the enemy
of the nation.
Eiahth. That the annexation of tho Dominican
republic will result in fatal consequences for the sons
of the soil, and 111 future and grave complications for
the Government of tho United States, which, if zeal-
ous to preserve their good name intact, ought to
reject the interested suggestions made by some evil-
minded Dominicans, for whom the country has
always been nothing but an object of commerce and
of speculations for their own profit.
Ninth. That, moreover, it would be a violation of
international law for a great Republic, like that of
the United States of America, which owes aid and
protection to the South American nationalities, to
abuse its strength and power without any allowable
motives, to compel a free people, whose weakness
cannot contond against it, to renounce their nation-
ality, history, customs, traditions, and even their
existence, in order to serve thus the interests of a
few to the prejudice of those of a whole people, and
even of those of the United States.
And whereas our silence upon so grave a subject,
which is of vital importance to the Dominicans,
might be argued as a tacit consent for the intended
realization of theannexation; and whereas an agree-
ment to that act would be an acceptance of the im-
mense responsibility for the Wood which shall be
saeu in ease the scheme should be effected, inasmuch
to sick and wounded soldiers during the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
fie also presented the petition of W. "W.
Carson and others, citizens of the State of
Indiana, praying that a pension may be granted
to Theodore S. Compant, late first lieutenant
and regimental quartermaster of the one hun-
dred and forty-second regiment Indiana volun-
teers ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BLAIRpresented the petition of Samuel
A. Lowe, praying compensation for services as
superintendent and commissioner of laws, and
for copying the laws of Kansas Territory in
1855; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
settlers on the Osage diminished reservation
in Kansas, praying the extension of the acts
of March 2, 1867, and June 8, 1868, for the
relief of cities and towns, to the Osage lands
in Kansas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying for the enactment of a law to
prevent the-further absorption of the public
lands of the United States by railroads and
other corporations, and that they may be set
apart exclusively for actual settlers 5. "which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of dealers in
tobacco at Leavenworth, Kansas, praying that
manufactured tobacco be treated as general
merchandise and not subject to a tax on
sales; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. NYE presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the establishment
of mail service from Winnemucca to Camp
Winfield Scott in that State; which was referred
thattheentirenation shall,with all its strength, resist
a foreign domination ; and whereas, as it is notto be
presumed that the Government of the United States
of America would knowingly accept the heavy com-
promises resulting from the annexation nor play the
part of the destroyer of a people whose race would
have to bo exterminated before ruling over their
territory; and whereas it is our duty to avoid that
the good faith ofthehonorableSenateof the United
States and of the Cabinet of Washington be taken
unaware, and which neither can consent to nor take
part in an actwhich would violently reduce freemen
to the condition of mere strangers upon their own
soil, take away from them the right of being citizens
of their own country, and finally, as in our quality
of citizens of the republic, we have a great duty to
perform, we raise our voice against an act of great
violation toward international law ; and
For the*o reasons we sign these presents in our
name and in the name of the different Dominicans
residing on this island, as well as in the name of
those living in the Dominican republic, and who,
owing to the tyrannical pressure under which they
suffer, cannot express their opposition to the annex-
ation project; therefore, wo very respectfully make
the present memorial to the honorable Senate of
the United States and to the Cabinet of Washington,
in order to have it filed with the memorials and pro-
tests which, before this one, have been addressed
upon the subject by respectable Dominicans, and to
which we fully adhere, so that in proper time the
Senate and Cabinet in Washington, with the impar-
tiality and wisdom which characterize all the acts
of the American Government, may see the grave
inconveniences that the proposed annexation would
offer to both countries; and moreover, the under-
signed with the respect due to the representatives
of a great nation, in the most formal and solemn
manner, protest against the treaty of annexation as
presented bv the Government of General Baez to the
Cabinet of Washington; and in our quality of Domin-
icans, before God and posterity, we make respons-
ible the Governments which shall participate in it
for the evils that such negotiation will bring upon
the two countries, and also for the present sufferings
endured by the Dominicans.
In witness whereof, we have written these pres-
ents, at San Carlos of Aguadilla, (Island of Puerto
fiico,) this 16th day of January, in the year of
grace, 1871.
TOMAS BOBADILLA,
CARLOS NOUEL,
PEDRO P. de BONILLA,
J. A. BONILLA y ESPAftA,
MERITON VAL VERDE,
MANUEL M. PEREIRA,
P. CIIALA,
JOSE CASTILLANOS,
AGUSTtN BELLINI,
E. PEREIRA.
