1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
did suppose that, in view of the opinion of the
House so emphasized, the Senate would have
been disposed to recede from the position it
had taken in that respect.
The proposition known as the Snerman
amendment—and to that I shall confine my-
self in the remarks which I may address to
the House—is entirely new. It is altogether
without a precedent in this country. Congress
has never asserted or attempted to assert, so
far as I know, any such authority. That
amendment claims the power in the General
Government to go into the States of this Union
and lay such obligations as it may please upon
the municipalities, which are the creations of
the States alone. Now, sir, that is an exceed-
ingly wide and sweeping power. I am unable
to find a proper foundation for it. Though I
am not disposed here and now to discuss it
very minutely, I wish to say that thus far 1 am
unable to see where the authority can rest. I
listened with the utmost respect, aud with all
the attention in my power, to the argument of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabar-
ger,] the chairman of the committee of con-
ference, to see if I could ascertain just where
he placed it, and I think I shall do him no
wrong when I say that he wholly failed to
show the House where the power resides. He
did undertake to find some parallel in other
action of the judiciary of the United States
toward these municipalities, growing out of
contracts ; but, sir, when a municipality, under
the authority given by'a State, makes a con-
tract it thereby lays itself liable to every rem-
edy upon that contract, and it is liable to be
sued by its own consent, and with the consent
of the State that createa it, in any court
having jurisdiction of the subject matter of
that contract.
This we all understand very well; but here
it is proposed, not to carry into effect an obli-
gation which rests upon the municipality, but
to create that obligation, and that is the pro-
vision I am unable to assent to. The parallel
of the hundred does not in the least meet the
case. The power that laid the obligation upon
the hundred first put the duty upon the hun-
dred that it should perform in that regard, and
failing to meet the obligation which had been
laid upon it, it was very proper that it should
suffer damage for its neglect. This is all there
is of it.
I have learned, sir—perhaps I have some
old-fashioned prejudices—that in the Govern-
ment of the United States there is a division
of powers; that there are certain rights and
duties that belong to the States, that there are
certain powers that inhere in the State govern-
ments. They create these municipalities, they
say what their powers shall be and what their
obligations shall be. If the Government of
the United Slates can step in and add to those
obligations, may it not utterly destroy the
municipality? if it can say that it shall be
liable tor damages occurring from a riot, I
ask gentlemen to tell me where its power
will slop and what obligations it might not
lay upon a municipality. If gentlemen say
that the powers of the General and of State
governments for the protection of life, lib-
erty, and property are concurrent and that
we can go everywhere throughout the Uni-
ted States and do by the General Government
everything that can be done by any State
government, then i grant that this power
might exist; but until I am shown that, I atn
unable to see it. As I have said, I have always
supposed that there were certain powers and
certain rights that belonged to the States that
the General Government has no right to inter-
fere with. This rightof local self-government,
as I supposed, it was not the intention of the
Constitution of the United States in any case
to take away from the States, and I cannot see
how it is possible that this power should exist
without so taking it away.
Now, only the other day, the Supreme Court,
of the United States decided (and we had all
recognized it as the law for a long time before
that) that there is no power in the Government
of the United States, under its authority to tax,
to tax the salary of a State officer. Why?
Simply because the power to tax involves the
power to destroy, and it was not the intent to
give the Government of the United States power
to destroy the government of the States in any
respect. It was held also in the case of Prigg
vs. Pennsylvania (I speak from recollection
only) that it is not within the power of the
Congress of the United States to lay duties
upon a State officer; that we cannot command
a State officer to do any duty whatever, as such;
and I ask gentlemen to show me the difference
between that and commanding a municipality,
which is equally the creature of the State, to
perform a duty. The State has made these
municipalities for certain objects. It has not
made them for the purpose of meeting this
obligation which the Government of the Uni-
ted States under this bill would seek to inter-
pose and lay upon them ; but 1 must say that
I think it would be involved that if we have
the right to lay this obligation upon them, to
require them to meet these damages, it must
draw after it the power to go in there and say,
"You shall have a police, you shall have certain
rules by which you may fulfill your obligation
in this respect."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCO FIELD. I took the floor at the
request of gentlemen who wished to speak for
the mere purpose of dividing the time between
those gentlemen, about equally, who wished to
speak for the bill, and those who wished to
speak against it. I have no speech to make
myself, and I yield the residue of my time to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,]
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, a number
of gentlemen on this side of the. House were
opposed to the amendments adopted by the
Senate to the original bill. And the reportof
the committee of conference has not removed
the objection that many gentlemen entertained
to the seventh section added to the bill by the
Senate. It was not opposition to the details
merely, but to the principle upon which the
legislation of this section is based, and the
manner in which the powers claimed for the
General Government were attempted to be exer-
cised. I shall not recapitulate the arguments
that have been presented, but shall merely
confine myself to answering one or two points
that have been made in advocacy of this re-
port. And, in the first place, I wish to remark
that the decisions that have been referred to,
those of Knox vs. Lee county, and the others,
go to this extent only, if I understand rightly
their scope: thatwherea Staieimposes a duty
upon county officers or State municipal cor-
porations, the exercise of which is necessary
to give effect to judgments or decrees of the
United States courts, the latter can enforce
the performance of that duty. In other words,
where by the laws of a State the board of
supervisors of a county, or the common coun-
cil of a city, are authorized to levy a tax and
collect funds to pay a judgment, for the pur-
pose of enforcing satisfaction of the judgment,
the United States court, by mandamus can
compel those State officers, those officers of a
municipal corporation, to perform that duty.
But there is no duty imposed by the Con-
stitution of the United States, or usually by
State laws, upon a county to protect the peo-
ple of that county against the commission of the
offenses herein enumerated, such as the burn-
ing of buildings or any other injury to property
or injury to person. Police powers are not
conferred upon counties as corporations; they
are conferred upon cities that have qualified
legislative power. Aud bo far as cities are con-
cerned, where the equal protection required to
be afforded by a State is imposed upon a city
by State laws, perhaps the United States courts
could enforce its performance. But counties
are organized, at least in mostof the States,
! for the management of the financial affairs
of the counties. Thp county commissioners,
couuty court, board of supervisors, or other
body acting for the county, have power to levy
taxes, but they do not have any control pi
the police affairs of the county and the admin'
istration of justice. These powers, I grant,
are conferred in part by State laws upon some
elective officers, such as the sheriff of a county,
or justices of the peace and constables in the
subdivisions of the counties and towns, &c.
But still in few, if any, States is there a stat-
ute conferring this power upon the counties.
Hence it seems to me that these provisions
attempt to impose obligations upon a county
for the protection of life and person which are
not imposed by the laws of the State, and that
it is beyond the power of the General Gov-
ernment to require their performance.
Further than that, this bill itself contains no
provisions by which the county, city, or parish
can protect these rights of citizens, for the
violation of which it is made responsible. It
provides no means by which a county or other
subdivision of the State can enforce those rights.
Hence 1 think the main objections to this por-
tion of the bill are not remedied by the con-
ference committee's report.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE MOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 178) for the relief of Nicholas
P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills
of the following titles :
An act (II. II. No. 425) to authorize the
Secretary of War to give Wisewell barracks to
the Beulah church ; aud
An act (tl. II. No. 426) for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, and for other purposes.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BRATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 29) amending an act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes, approved
July 14, 1870 ; and
An act (S. No. 178) for the relief of Nicholas
P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo.
DEFICI1SXCY AP1H10WUA.TI0N BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I ask consent to make a re-
port from the committee of conference upon
the deficiency appropriation bill. I propose
to make a brief explanation of if, and if it
gives rise to any debate 1 will consent to with-
draw it.
No objection was made.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
voles of the iwo Ileuses on the amendments to Ilousa
biil No. 19, making appropriations tor the payment
ot additional clerks and messengers in the Pension
Office, and lor other purposes, having met, alter lull
and lrce conference have agreed to recommend, ana
do recommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Seuatc recede from their amendment.-;
numbered 18, 21, 32, 33, 49, 50, 03, and 61.
That the House ot Representatives recede lrora
their disagreement to the amendments ot the teenato
numbered 22, 45, and 47, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the lirst clause of the amendment of the House to
the tifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to tiie
same in the milliner loilowing, to wit:
Strike out all ot said clause, and substitute:
'i'nat the books, records, papers, ana documents
relative to transactions of or with the late so-called
governmentof thecontederate btates. or the govern-
ment of any State lately in insurrection, now in the
possession, or which may at any time come into the
possession of the Government of the Uniicd States,
or of any Department tliereot, may be reported to fur
information bylheboard of comuiis.-ioners of claims
created by act approved March 3, 1871, and copies
tliereol, duly certified by the officer having ch.ugo
of the same, shall be treaied wiui the likeforce and
effect as the original.
And the Senate agree to the same.
