796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
And that the Senate agree to the second clause of
the amendment of the House to said fifth amend-
ment of the Senate, with the following amendment:
in lino two of said clause strike out the word
"twenty" and insert in lieu the word "twelve;"
and the House agree to the same,
1'hat the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the seventeenth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment:
At the end of said amendment add the following
words:
Andsaid board shallbeheld to be an existing board
for all the purposes specified in the act to provide
a government for the District of Columbia from and
after the appointment and qualification of the mem-
bers thereof.
And the House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the thirty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment:
At the end of said amendment add the following:
And the sum of 85,701 65, the unexpended bal-
ance of certain appropriations for the Department
of Agriculture, be carried into the Treasury; and
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury are
hereby authorized to settle and adjust any accounts
of said Department which may be overdrawn to
the amount of $2,6G9 37; and the sum of $3,032 28,
being the remainder of the sum first named herein,
is hereby appropriated for the completion of the
greenhouse of the Department of Agriculture.
And the House agree to the same.
That the House recedc from their amendment to
the thirty-ninth amendmentofthe Senate, and agree
to said ameifdment of the Senate.
' That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fortieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows:
Add at the end of said amendment the following:
And the sum of 810,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated for the ex-
penses of the Sutro tunnel commission, including pay
of assistants for incidentals and for instruments.
And the Senate agree to the same,
. That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the forty-second
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows:
At the end of said House amendment add the fol-
lowing words:
And for one thousand copies of the Constitution
of the "United States, with the rules of the Senate,
compiled by W. J. McDonald, under a resolution of
the Senate of March 14,1871, $1,000.
And the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fifty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
in line two of said amendment, after the word " as-
sociation" insert the word "condemned;" and in
line three of said amendment, after the word " bed-
ding" insert "if such there be;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the filty-ninth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: strike out the
word "last " in said House amendment and insert
in lieu thereof the word "present:" also, strike out
the word "five" and insert the word " sixand the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first clause of the amendment of the House to
the sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same; and that the Senate agree to the second
clause of said amendment of the House with the fol-
lowing amendments:
In line fourteen of said clause, after the word
" presented," insert the following words: " by loyal
citizens from said State of Tennessee, and from said
counties of Berkeley and Jefferson;" and by a
further amendment of said clause, as follows: strike
out the word " thereof" in line sixteen and insert
in lieu the following words: "of said act creating
sa:d court of commissioners;" and that the House
recede from the third clause of their amendment to
said sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and the Sen-
ate agrco to the fourth clause of said House amend-
ment to both amendments in the following words:
"for covering the steam pipes in the Capitol with
fire-proof non-conducting feltmg, $8,000."
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement
to tho several amendments of the Hou=e to the
twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, thirty-fifth, forty-third,
forty-fourth, forty-eighth, fiity-first, and fifty-second
amendments of tho Senate, and agree to the same.
They recommend that line twenty-two, page 2,
of the bill be amended by inserting after the word
" deficiency " in the said line tho words " in the
appropriations for the service of the independent
Treasuryand that the words " for the support of
the District of Columbia for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1872, be inserted as a sub-heading just pre-
ceding the amendments of the Senate numbered
31,15,16, and 17, they being appropriations for that
purpose.
They recommend that the words "Assistant Treas-
urer/ be substituted for the word "depository" in
the sixth amendment.
HENRY h. DAWES,
BURTON C. COOK,
,r WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the llouve,
C. COLE,
ROSCOIS CONKLIN«,
JOHN SCOTT,
Managers on the part of the Senate
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to raise a question
of order on this report. I understand that
this committee of conference was not author-
ized to consider matters which have neither
been incorporated in Senate amendments nor
brought before tho House. There arc incor-
porated in this report two propositions which,
so far as I am informed, have never been
before the House or Senate ; one is the pro-
vision making appropriations for the Sutro
tunnel and the other the provision for the
Agricultural Department. 1 submit that these
matters were never referred to the committee
of conference at all.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not un-
derstand the rule to be so broad as the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] states it.
The SPEAKER. The rule is as broad as
the gentleman from Indiana states it, with this
reservation: new propositions may be intro-
duced, but there must be something in the bill
to make them germane as amendments. The
power of a conference committee, which, as
gentlemen well know, the two Houses have been
in the habit of considerably enlarging, fairly
includes the power to incorporate germane
amendments. _ If the gentleman from Indiana
makes the point that the amendments he spe-
cifies are not germane the Chair will examine
the question ; but the mere fact that the propo-
sitions embrace matters which were not origin-
ally before the House or the Senate would not
be sufficient to require them to be ruled out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do make the point that
the Sutro tunnel appropriation is not germane.
I ask that it may be again read.
Mr. WOOD. There is nothing in the bill
referring to that subject in any way; and a
committee of conference has no right to con-
sider anything not in disagreement between
the two Houses.
Mr. DAWES. The Sutro tunnel is attached
to au appropriation in reference to the Carson
City mint, which, as it seemed to the com-
mittee, covered the whole ground.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The Sutro
tunnel and the Carson City mint are a con-
siderable distance apart. It seems to me it
requires a very long string to attach one to the
other.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me 
Mr. DAWES. It has this connection to that,
that what pertains to one mint in reference to
coinage must, of course, pertain to them all.
One involves the other.
Mr. WOOD. I have no objection to this
appropriation if it should come legitimately
before the House. But it does not come prop-
erly before the House at this time. This House
refused to pass the appropriation, and the Sen-
ate never considered it at all. This House
never considered it on this bill, and it comes
now before us for the first time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
state the fact correctly. The amendment in
reference to the Sutro tunnel was not in the
House while the bill was originally pending.
Had the bill been a general deficiency bill the
amendment would have been in order, because
there was a law requiring this service to be
performed and requiring the appointment of
these officers, which, of course, presumed that
appropriation must have been made to pay
these officers when appointed. As an amend-
ment to the deficiency bill, as it came from the
Senate, the question for the Chair to decide
was whether it was or not germane to any Sen-
ate amendment. It would be considered as a
deficiency and in order to the original defi-
ciency bill. The Speaker is loath to rule out
a conference report on a point of order of this
kind.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object not so much to
the appropriation as to the principle involved.
It is to the introduction into conference reports
of entirely new legislation by conference com-
mittees to which 1 object.
Mr. DAWES. I regret to be compelled to
ask tho indulgence of the Ilou&e in this mat-
ter. This matter has been pressed on the con-
ference committee on the part of the House by
the other branch. The .bill is full of difficul-
ties on all sides. One conference committee
failed to have its report adopted. This com-
mittee was on the eve of failure three times,
and this is the last matter before it. I feel as
if I had done my duty in this matter. The
only question now is, will we vote down this
report of the committee of conference, which
is so full of concessions on all sides?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Was this one of
the differences between the two Houses?
Mr. DAWES. It was.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. How so ?
Mr. DAWES. The amendment in refer-
ence to the Carson City mint was disagreed to,
and the Senate refused to recede from that dis-
agreement unless we put on this $10,000 for
the Sutro tunnel, and rather than come back
to the House, failing to agree upon a report,
we have put it on.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask whether such a
point of order has ever been maintained against
a conference report?
The SPEAKER. The point of order lies
against the conference report; but during the
experience of the Chair on this floor he has
never known a conference report ruled out on
a point of order. The report of a conference
committee is always received as embodying
the conclusions of both Houses, or the repre-
sentatives of both branches of Congress. The
Chair will therefore submit the point of order
to the House.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Was there any-
thing with referenda to the Sutro tunnel in
the bill ?
Mr. DAWES. There was nothing about an
appropriation for the Sutro tunnel in the bill;
but the Senate insisted on it that, if we kept
in the amendment in reference to the Carson
mint, it should remain in the bill with this
modification.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The Senate insisted
on putting this on in the committee of confer-
ence?
Mr. DAWES. It was agreed to in the com-
mittee of conference. The one branch says
we will agree to this proposition if you will
modify it-by another one, and the other says
we will agree to that. That is the essence of
the theory of a conference committee. As
the Chair ha3 stated, it is not whether the
thing has ever been passed upon by the House,
but whether there is any such relationship
between the bill and the amendment that the
latter may be considered as germane.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I have not the slight-
est objection to this particular matter; but I
do object to a conference committee incorpor-
ating into a bill legislation which has never
been passed upon by either House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the difficulty in regard to ruling on points
of order on a conference report is that the
rules affecting powers of amendment are so
essentially different in the two branches that
what might be ruled out under our own rules
in the House, which are more restrictive than
those of the Senate, would be perfectly in order
in the Senate. And the Chair has before had
occasion to rule on this point, that, as an
original amendment to the deficiency bill,
this would have been an item clearly in order,
because Congress has provided by law for this
service and has authorized and appointed offi-
cers to perform it and they have been appointed.
This is as clearly a deficiency as could be under
our rules. Therefore the Chair, instead of
ruling on the point of order, will submit it to
the House.
Mr. WILLARD. I wish to inquire whether,
when it was moved in the House as an amend-
ment to a Senate amendment, the Chair did
not rule it out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did, on two
occasions.
