1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
as tliis: if a Chinaman should be mobbed by
three or four miners in California or Nevada
on account of being a Chinaman, he may
sue the county in the United States courts and
recover damages. Or, to take another case of
a man mobbed in Illinois on account of race
or color, suppose a colored and a white per-
son get married, and some of the young men
of the village get up a charivari, not for the
purpose of preventing any right to vote, but
because of color, then the person claiming that
he is injured may sue the county and recover
damages.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
decided repeatedly that Congress can impose
no duty on a State officer. We can impose no
duly on a sheriff or any other officerof a county
or city. We cannot require the sheriff to read
the riot act or call out the posse comitatus or
perform any other act or duty. Nor can Con-
gress confer any power or impose any duly
upon the county or city. Can we then impose
on a county or other State municipality lia-
bility where we cannotrequireaduty? I think
not. Suppose a judgment obtained under this
section, and no property can be found to levy
upon except the court-house, can we levy on
the court-house and sell it? So this section
provides, and that too in an action of tort, in
an action ex delicto, where the county has
never entered into any contract, where the
State has never authorized the county to as-
sume any liability of the sort or imposed any
liability upon it. It-is in my opinion simply
absurd. And if you can do this, Mr. Speaker,
if Congress can thus regulate the affairs of a
county in a State, and put the hand of the
national Government into its treasury, 1 know
not where or to what lengths we may not go,
even to the abolishing of counties and States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I do not think
that the construction which has been put upon
this act by the gentleman who has just spoken
is a correct and legitimate construction. A
court-house is not the property of the county
within the meaning of this act. It is held in
trust for a public use. There is certain prop-
erty within most of the Aunties of a State
which is held by the county and would be sub-
ject to levy and sale ; for instance, in the city
of New York there is certain real estate, &c.,
that is the property of the city, which is not
held and devoted to any specific use. And
that sort of property would be liable to be sold
upon execution under the provisions of this
act. There is a legal maxim that an act shall
be so construed that it will stand and not fall,
and this, it seems to me, will relieve it of the
difficulty which has been suggested by the gen-
tleman who has just spoken.
Now, sir, the objects sought by this act are
all-important. This House has passed its judg-
ment upon that question. Certain portions of
this bill have been subjected to criticism by
gentlemen on the other side of the House, on
the alleged ground of their putting doubtful
powers into the hands of the President. It is
objected by our friends upon the opposite side
of the House that the citizens of the South are
to be protected by military power. We have
placed the power of redress in the civil courts.
And I submit to the gentlemen upon the oppo-
site side of the House who object to our assumr
ing military powers that, when we refer the
injured parties to the civil courts, they ought
to aid us, instead of objecting to the remedy
which is provided in this last proposed amend-
ment as it has come from the Senate.
It is inquired where we get this power. Mr.
Speaker, i desire to ask gentlemen upon this
side of the House who voted for this bill if
they have not declared by their votes for the
bill that Congress has the power to suppress
these alleged outrages in the South, that Con-
gress has the power to make the perpetrators
liable to a civil action for damages. Now, sir,
if Congress has that power—the power under
the Constitution to suppress these outrages—
I submit that Congress has the incidental
power to adopt any means which will be con-
ducive to the end desired to be gained, to wit,
the suppression of these outrages. And the
question is, whether this amendment, making
the county or the parish liable for damages
occasioned by a tumultuous assemblage, is
legislation appropriate to the end desired to
be attained. Then, sir, if in the decision of
this House, in the passage of this bill before it
went to the Senate, the question is foreclosed
that Congress has the power to suppress these
outrages, it has the power to adopt any appro-
priate legislation to suppress them.
Then, sir, the question remains whether
there is any constitutional inhibition against
the exercise of this power provided in the
amendment which we are discussing. If there
be any—and the gentlemen upon the opposite
side of the House have not pointed it out—it
must be that clause of the Constitution which
prohibits the taking of property without due pro-
cess of law, or that clause of the Constitution
which prohibits the taking of private properly
for public use without just compensation. Now,
sir, it has been adjudicated over and over again,
in the State couits and in the courts of Eng-
land, that the making of a county or a parish
liable for damages caused by tumultuous assem-
blages is not, in our country, a violation of
these constitutional provisions, and is no vio-
lation of the provisions of Magna Charta in the
old country.
I desire to call the attention of the House
to the provisions of the act in the State of New
York which have been subjected to the most
rigorous criticism and examination in our
courts of justice. The language of the act is
as follows:
AVhenover any building or other real or personal
property shall be destroyed or injured m conse-
quence of any mob or riot the city or county in
which such property is situated shall be liable to an
action, by or in behalf of the party whose property
was thus destroyed orinjured, tor damages sustained
by reason thereof."
Now, I call the attention of the distin-
guished gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] and of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kkbii] to the (act that in this act of the
Legislature of New York there is no provision
that proceedings shall be first instituted against
the parties doing the damage, and this act has
been tested through to the court of last resort
in our State, and has been adjudged to be
valid and constitutional by the most distin-
guished judges of our State. The acts of the
British Parliament, contrary to what I under-
stood to be the statement of the gentleman
from Indiana, do not require that proceedings
shall first be had against the parties who were
the principals in the commission of the dam-
age for which redress is sought.
Now, sir, it has been decided in roy own
State, iu a case to which reference has been
made, that the power of the Legislature of
the State to make a county of the State, or a
parish, responsible for damages occasioned by
tumultuous assemblages does not make the
county, parish, or city liable for the damages
done by an individual, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Indiana. The damage must be
done by a riotous or tumultuous assemblage.
The courts of our State put the legislative
right to charge these damages upon a counly
or city upon the taxation power of the Legis-
lature. Now, if the Legislature has power to
tax, then the Congress of the United States,
under the principle which is stated in the
decision in 3 Dallas, in the case of Hilton vs.
The United States, has a power commensurate
with the State power of taxation. The court
say in that case :
" The great object of the Constitution was to give
Congress the power to lay tax adequate to the exi-
gencies of the Government, but they were to observe
two rules in imposing it. namely, the rule of uni-
formity, when they laid duties, imposts, or excises,
find the rule of apportionment according to the cen-
sus whsn t hey laid any direct tax. If there are any
other species of taxation that are not direct and not
included in the words ' duties, imposts, or excises/
they may be laid by the rule of uniformity or num-
bers, as Congress shall think proper and reasonable.
If the framersof the Constitution did not contem-
plate other taxes than direct taxes, and duties,
imposts, and excises, there was great inaccuracy in
their language. If those four species of taxes were
all tha,t were intended, the general power to lay
taxes was unnecessary."
Now, sir, is it not the well-settled law that
the Congress of the United States may lay
taxes in the District of Columbia which are
not laid upon the Union at large? And, under
this power of taxation, where it will be con-
ducive to promote the general object of the
law, to preserve the peace in the different
localities in the Union, they have the same
power, which is assumed in the amendment
which is now pending before the House, to lay
a tax or provide for the entry of a judgment
against the locality where the offense is com-
mitted for which redress is sought.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I ask the gen-
tleman a question?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do I understand
the gentleman to claim that the power of Con-
gress to levy taxes is only to be governed by
the opinion of the Congress that passes the
measure?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I am glad the
gentleman has asked me that question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that so? I want
to know.
Mr. SMITH, of NewYork. I say this: that
there is no limitation or restriction, either on
the taxing power of a State or on the taxing
power of the General Government. I hold in
my hand a decision of the court of last resort
in the State of New York, made by a Demo-
cratic judge of high distinction, stating and
holding that ground unqualifiedly. The right
of eminent domain is restricted; there must be
compensation ; the power of taxation is utterly
unrestricted, and there is no redress except by
an appeal to the Legislature, where the power
resides to levy those taxes. And it was decided
in this case (in 3 Dallas) that taxes need not be
uniform unless they come within the definition
either of direct taxes or of imposts, duties, or
excises. Those taxes which are levied here in
the city of Washington, the taxes which are
levied upon property upon Pennsylvania ave-
nue, to pay for the improvement of the street,
for the laying of pavements, are not uniform;
that is, they are not levied outside the District
of Columbia. So, sir, when it is decided, as
it has been settled by the entire polipy of the
acts of Parliament from the time of Canute
down to the time of Edward I, and from that
tune to the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth
years of the reign of Elizabeth, and down to
the present day, and also in the several States
of the Union, that the public policy requires,
at least justifies, the assessment upon the local-
ity where the crime is committed of the dam-
ages occasioned by a tumultuous assemblage,
without any proceedings against the principal,
I do not see the objection which is urged.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR addressed the House in remarks
which he has withheld for revision.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield the
remainder of my time to my colleague.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I find
myself entertaining opinions concerning this
bill which vary from the opinions of other
gentlemen upon this floor, with whom, when
compelled to differ, I always differ with diffi-
dence and hesitation. It appears to me that
many of the objections to this bill as origin-
ally framed, and many of the objections to it
as it now stands, are treated as unconstitu-
tional objections, when in fact they are objec-
tions of expediency alone.
When the original bill was presented in this
