1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9a
tember 4, 1841, and the supplemental one of
March 3, 1843, which embraced all that was
valuable in past legislation, and besides were
prospective in their provisions and without
limit as to duration. With one or two im-
portant changes, these constitute our present
preemption system. The most notable im-
provement is that which licenses settlements
upon unsurveyed as well as surveyed lands.
Looking, sir, at the text of these laws, and
the constructions which have been put upon
them by that court, constituted the one of
last resort by the Constitution, the public mind
rested securely in the fixed belief that the
man who, in good faith, settled upon a quar-
ter section of the public lands, erected his
dwelling-place, cultivated the soil, and made
his declaratory statement as to his intention
to claim the benefit of these laws, acquired a
vested right to enter the same upon making the
requisite proof and payment of the purchase-
money. The Supreme^Jourt had said to him
and to all others, in Lytle et al vs. The State
of Arkansas, (9 Howard, 333,) as follows:
"The claim of preemption is not that shadowy
right which by some it is considered to be. While
unsanctioned by law, it has no existence as asub-
vStantive right; but when covered by the law, it be-
comes a legal right, subject to be defeated only by a
failure to perform the conditions annexed to it.
It is founded in an enlightened public policy, ren-
dered necessary by the enterprise of our citizens.
The adventurous pioneer, who is found in advance
of our settlements, encounters many hardships, and
not unfrequently dangers from savage incursions.
He is generally poor, and it is fit that his enterprise
should be rewarded by the privilege of purchasing
the favorite spot selected by him, not to exceed one
hundred and sixty acres."
At a still earlier day the same court in The
United States vs. Fitzgerald, (15 Peters, -107,)
had declared that no reservation or appropri-
ation of public land could be made after a cit-
izen had acquired the right of preemption.
It is true that in this case the settler had not
only made his settlement and entry, but paid
the purchase-money to the receiver. But the
principle announced was broad enough to
cover and protect his rights when he had, up
to the point of reservation or appropriation,
done all he was required to do to consummate
his rights.
The principles thus announced protected
him in his labor and outlays in improving and
cultivating the land equally as in making final
payment of the purchase-money to the Gov-
ernment. Indeed, sir, it is difficult to distin-
guish in principle between the two acts. His
labor and outlays may exceed many times the
price of the land. They must necessarily
precede the entry. They are essential steps
to qualify him to claim the preference. They
must occur before the land is subject to entry
in cases where the surveys have not been ex-
tended over them. So, too, when, though sur
veyed, public sale has not been proclaimed.
It is impossible, from the nature of the case,
that the settlement and payment should be
concurrent acts. Therefore it is that the act
of settlement and cultivation is just as much
entitled to consideration and protection as the
act of payment. You must remember, sir,
that this settlement, coupled with improve-
ment and cultivation, instead of being an act
of trespass, as under the earlier law, is, under
this later and wiser legislation, not only
licensed but invited. The law holds out the
inducement, nay, is in itself a public proposal
to all who desire to better their fortunes that if
they will perform these conditions in regular
order of cuccession they shall be privileged
to enter at the minimum price and receive
patents for the lands they select.
The homestead act of 1862 is so recent in
its enactment and so familiar to the Senate
that I need not pause to analyze it. It went
beyond the preemption law and differed from
it in two particulars: first, in securing a home
stead to the settler at a mere nominal cost
of from ten to twenty dollars ; and next, in
tequiring of the settler as a condition to his
obtaining a patent a continuous occupancy of
five years.
The principles of the homestead law were
not new on this continent or in this country.
Spain and Mexico had from early times pro-
moted the settlement of their distant territories
by liberal grants of land to individuals who
would undertake to settle them. New Mexico
and California are covered by these conces-
sions—vast bodies of land of many leagues
in extent. The Atlantic States while colonies
had been settled in the same way. In the
year 1850 Congress, in order to promote the
settlement of Oregon, promised to every young
man over eighteen years of age half a section
upon condition he would occupy and cultivate
it for five consecutive years. To the husband
and wife a full section was promised on the
same conditions. To realize these promises
the hardy pioneer traversed a wilderness waste
of near two thousand miles of plain and mount-
ain and unknown streams. And yet, what
stronger guarantee has the homestead settler
than the preemptor?
Under the operation of these laws consider,
Mr. %esident, how our frontiers have advanced
year Dy year; how like a great flood our popula-
tion has rolled westward ; how like the glacier
pushing its solid frontage of ice further and
further into the sea it has moved forward with
resistless power, displacing all that was savage.
Senators are listening to me who remember
when the Mississippi was practically our west-
ern boundary, when St. Louis was a trading
post and the headquarters of the great com-
panies who pushed their way up the Missouri
and its tributaries for furs and peltries. Of
mining there was nothing, and very little of
agriculture. What encouraged the flow of
emigration westward? Who were the early
settlers, the pioneers in the march of empire?
Who explored the country and settled upon its
streams and in its fertile valleys in advance of
the surveyor? Who laid the foundations of
that great thrift which now employs more than
fifteen hundred steamers upon our rivers and
five thousand vessels upon our lakes? It was
this hardy class of men for whom I plead
to-day.
More than a year since, Mr. President, the
public mind was startled by a decision of the
Supreme Courfcg|f the United States in the
now famous caSF'of Frisbie vs. Whitney. A
ranch in California known as the Sascol ranch,
containing eighteen square leagues, had been
granted by the Mexican Government in 1843
to a certain Vallejo. This grant had been
presented to the board of land commissioners
instituted under the act of March 3, 1851, and
been confirmed by it, and the decision of the
board on an appeal to the district court of
California had been approved. In March, 1862,
the Supreme Court of the United States held
the grant to Vallejo void for want of author-
ity in the Mexican Government to make
it, not impeaching, however, the good faith
of the numerous purchasers under Vallejo.
When this decision was made this large grant
of land was occupied by many persons claim-
ing title under Vallejo, and the towns of Beni-
cia and Vallejo, the navy-yard and the depot
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company were
situated upon it. The effect of the decision
annulled all private ownership. The land em-
braced in the grant declared void became the
property of the United States; a part of its
unsold public domain. Assuming that there-
fore the homestead and preemption laws of the
United States attached, many persons entered
upon the land, erected buildings, and did all
they supposed necessary to do to entitle them-
selves to the benefit of these laws. Among
others, one Whitney entered upon a quarter
section, claimed by and in the possession of
the tenant of Frisbie, Vallejo's son in-law,
and erected buildings thereon over the protest
of Frisbie.
On the 3d of March, 1863, after Whitney's
settlement, Congress passed an act for the
benefit of the occupants of Vallejo's claim.
This law authorized the lines of the public
surveys to be extended over the Soscol ranch,
and provided that bona fide purchasers from
Vallejo or his assigns might hold the lands so
purchased and reduced to possession at the
time of the decision of the Supreme Court at
$1 25 per acre.
Whitney, soon after his settlement on the
land, applied to the land officers to make his
declaration of intention to occupy and culti-
vate the land. They refused to receive it;
first, because no surveys had been made, and
afterward because Congress had passed the act
of March 3, 1863. He never paid any money
to the Government, nor had he received "a cer-
tificate of entry or preemption, though he
offered to prove his settlement. This is the
statement of the facts as found in the report
of the case.
Whitney claimed that in the interval between
the decision and the act of ..Congress I have
quoted, being about one ydft, the lands em-
braced in this land grant were open to pre-
emption, and that as he had within that period
made a bona fide, settlement, and had fully
complied with all the conditions prescribed by
law, he was vested with the right to enter the
land.
Frisbie was permitted to buy the land in
question under the act of Congress, and received
a patent. Whitney claimed that Frisbie held
the land in trust for or in fraud of him, and
should be compelled to convey the legal title.
This was the nature of the suit which, on an
appeal from the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, came under the review of the
court of last resort. This court, in order to
make its decision perfectly unambiguous, as-
sumed, for the purpose of the case, that the
lands were open to preemption, and that there
was no intrusion or violence on the part of
Whitney in taking possession._ And with these
liberal concessions there remained but a single,
naked question to be determined, and that
was whether Whitney, who had complied with
the terms and conditions of the preemption
laws just so far as it was possible for him'to
do, acquired such an interest in and right to
the land in dispute as to demand the protec-
tion of the court. That was the question which
the court undertook to resolve and has de-
cided.
It was admitted that Whitney had gone upon-
the land, built a house and barn, and per-
haps inclosed some land. It was admitted that
he had applied to the register and offered
to make a declaration that he had done all
these things with the intention of making a
permanent settlement, and of claiming the land
under the right of preemption; that the land
was subject to the preemption laws at the time
this happened. As I said before, it was ad-
mitted for the sake of the argument that there
was no question ofintrusion upon Frisbie. And,
lastly, it was admitted that the land officers
refused to receive Whitney's declaration and
denied his right to enter the land.
Now, upon this state of the case, what, sir,
is the decision of the court? In his decision
Judge Miller quotes with approval the opinions
of three Attorneys General—that of Mr. Cush-
ing given in 1856, that of Mr. Bates in the Hot
Springs case, and that of Mr. Speed given in
this very case. Mr. Gushing is quoted as
follows:
"Persons who go upon the public land with a view
to cultivate now and to purchase hereafter, possess
no righls against the United States except such as
the acts of Congress confer; and these acts do not
confer on the preemptor initosse any rightor claim
to be treated us tho present proprietor of the land
in relation to the Government."
Mr. Bates is quoted as saying:
"A mere entry upon land with continued occu-
pancy and improvement thereof gives no vested / lght
in it. It may, however, give, under our national land
system, a privilege of preemption. But this i; only
a privilege conferred on the settler to purchase land
