800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
House by the committee I endeavored to as-
certain its purport and meaning from the lan-
guage of the bill; and it appeared to me to be
the intention to limitits operation to theredress
of injuries inflicted upon rights guarantied by
the Constitution and the laws of the United
States. Sueh was my reading of the bill.
Honorable gentlemen'on the other side of the
House understood it to mean a purpose to step
into the States and to take upon the Federal
Government the administration of State law.
Some gentlemen on our side of the House put
the same interpretation upon it. But the argu-
ments addressed to those views of the bill were
arguments to its phraseology. There were no
• persons on this side of the House who would
have supported a bill of the character which
they supposed this to be; I mean of the char-
acter which our opponents on the other side,
and some of our friends on this side, supposed
it to be.
These difficulties were at length overcome
by amendments to the phraseology of the bill.
One amendment after another was pressed and
accepted which we who originally favored the
bill did not consider objectionable, and which
those who opposed the bill looked upon as re-
moving their objections. They were changes
in phraseology alone.
Having, after an unequaled debate, passed
the bill, the Senate has sent it back to us with
amendments. That body refuses to go so far
as we wish to go in repealing certain laws
already on the statute-book. 1 am sorry they
refused to go to the length we did; but on that
subject I do not feel disposed to make a point;
it is a matter of discretion, and can safely await
further time.
In another section they have added what is
called the Sherman amendment. That does
not propose to punish the murder of an indi-
vidual merely, nor a breach of the peace
merely, but a riot; the act must be committed
by persons "riotously and tumultuously as-
sembled together/' And in addition to that
it says, " and if such offense was committed
to deprive any person of any right conferred
upon him by the Constitution and laws of the
United States, or to deter him from or punish
him for exercising any such right, or by rea-
son of his race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, in every such case,'' &c. So that
clearly the offenses for which municipal cor-
porations or the population of a municipality
are to be held responsible are offenses against
rights guarantied by the Constitution and laws
of the United States.
Now, by our action on this bill we have
asserted as fully as we can assert the mischief
intended to be remedied. We have asserted
as clearly as we can assert our belief that it is
the duty of Congress to redress that mischief.
We have also asserted as fully as we can as-
sert the constitutional right of Congress to
legislate. Having asserted all those things by
our previous action, we do not propose to go
back upon it in the way of new debate. Hav-
ing, then, that constitutional right and that
legislative duty imposed on us, what further
duty rests upon us? It is to adopt appropri-
ate legislation to carry out that duty. Being
constitutionally authorized to act, the ques-
tions upon this amendment are questions only
of expediency and discretion. They do not
rise to the dignity of constitutional questions.
Is it within the proper exercise of legislative
discretion? England did it; no one doubts
that. But gentlemen say there were condi-
tions which are not here. Does that make
any difference in regard to the constitutional
right? Pennsylvania has done it, and gentle-
men have told us the benefits of it. Massa-
chusetts has done it, and gentlemen have stated
here the admirable consequences flowing from
it. I am informed by a gentleman eminent at
the bar in Kentucky that that State has done
it. I presume there are other States which have
done it. It is then recognized among men as
not outside of the limits of legislative discre-
tion. Such being the case, we have nothing
further to inquire for except mere questions
of expediency.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question there?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. If you do not take
too much time.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. It is a short one. You
refer as a precedent to the power of England
in regard to a measure of this kind. Does
the gentleman remember that the British Gov-
ernment is not limited by a written constitu-
tion? Does he consider that the powers of
that Government are almost unlimited and
absolute, while, on the contrary, our powers
are restricted under the provisions of a writ-
ten Constitution?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I consider all that,
and I have been arguing this within the his-
toric range of legislative discretion, not only
in England, but elsewhere. And gentlemen
on the other side, learned in the law, have
utterly failed to point out any prohibition in
our Constitution. There being no prohibition
therefore which limits it this legislative dis-
cretion is constitutional.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that I think he misappre-
hends the power of the Federal Government.
It is not whether there is any limitation ; but
the question is whether there is any basis for
the power, whether the power has been granted
to the Government, and not whether it has
been limited, not whether by express limita-
tion it has been prohibited from action.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I am aware differ-
ences exist between the gentleman and my-
self, and if I should enter upon them it would
consume the time I have intended for one or
two other points. The Constitution of the
United States is a governmental foundation
or arrangement entered into for a good and
beneficent purpose, to enhance the liberty and
happiness of the country. It must be treated
rationally and practically, not construing into
it powers not there, nor construing out of it
powers which are there.
The learned gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] alluded to the jurisdiction of the Fed-
eral courts in enforcing by mandamus judg-
ments rendered in those courts on bonds issued
by municipalities and lie said that was matter
of contract. It is true, Mr. Speaker; but
those are cases where the jurisdiction is alone
given by reason of residence where one party
lives out of the State and the other in the
State, and for that reason the Federal courts
take jurisdiction ; but Congress uniformly con-
fers on the Federal courts power to administer
the laws of Congress, in some cases more
specific and in some eases less. I have heard
no case cited of a law enacted within the power
of Congress which could not have been carried
out by j udgrnent and mandamus in the Federal
courts.
I have covered but a part of this ground.
Gentlemen, however, tell us we are going back
to the Dark Ages. I admit that with some
difference in the phraseology. We are not
going back, we are back in the Dark Ages, and I
should like to have any gentleman on the other
side of the House learned in the history of the
Middle Ages to tell us in substance wherein it
differs from what we now find in the south-
ern States. We are not going there. We are
already there, and we are trying to get away
from it. Gentlemen on the other side, how-
ever, insist that we shall remain there, and
that we shall leave these mobs to run riot and
disable citizens in the discharge of their duty.
And they appeal to us as a matter of humanity
whether we will allow such authority as this
bill confers to be exercised.
Mr. Speaker, in questions of humanity there
aresome things to be looked at which I have
noticed gentlemen on the other side always
forget. What is the humanity of the American
Congress and the American people in granting
rights of citizenship to large masses of popula-
tion who have not before enjoyed them, and
then leaving those masses there helpless, to be
butchered and trodden down or driven out of
the communities where they have resided with-
out affording them any protection? Let us
not show such humanity as that. And I say
to gentlemen on the other side that if they had
been sagacious party managers they would have
adopted this bill, and they might then have
gone home and toM the people that it was a
difficult bill to enforce. The objection is not
that it is too strong, but that it is too difficult
to enforce.
I take it, Mr. Speaker, that we at least on
this side of the House are not to act upon the
theory that we are about to commit a trick by
suspending the writ of habeas corpus during
the next year. I desire very much—I have
no desire nearer my heart than this—to meet
gentlemen upon the other side of this House
in measures which shall contribute to the hap-
piness and tranquillity of southern society. I
am willing and ready to vote for extending
amnesty measures further than they have yet
been extended. In that respect I will meet
gentlemen on the other side more than half
way. I think by next year we shall all be
prepared to do it. But 1 desire that they shall
take notice from this bill that when the people
of the United States declared that these large
masses of population should enjoy the rights
of citizenship, when they put that in the Con-
stitution, they meant business.
And I wish to say that, so far as I am indi-
vidually concerned, I mean business. And
if, with the notice of this bill, gentlemen go
home and allow these Ku Klux proceedings
to go on, they will be furnished next session
with a bill compared with which this would be
as a lamb to a lion. That kind of thing must
be stopped, and I desire that our friends on
the other side should understand it, and
understand it in time and in good spirit.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the conference report.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Must the report be voted
on as a whole?
The SPEAKER;, It must. It ia not divisible.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, and Mr. BUTLER of
Massachusetts, asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 1i, nays 106, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barber, Barry, Beatty, Bisby,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F.Butler, Coburn. Cotton, Creely, Dawes,
Be Large, Duntiell, Elliott, Hal sey, Harmer, Havens,
(jerry W. Hazleton, John V/. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar,
kelley, lullinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, May-
nard, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmor, Peek,
Pendleton, Peree, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Porter,
Rainey, Ellis M. Roberts, R-usk, Sawyer, Scolield,
Secley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, II. Board-
man Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather. Steven-
son, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Taffe, Twichell,
Tyner, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—74.
NAYS--Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur
Averili, Banks, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Bur-
chard,, Caldwell, Carroll, Conger. Cook, Cox, Cross-
land. Davis, Donnan, Box, DuBose, Duke, Eames,
Ldwards, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Fmk-
elnburg, Porker, Charle3 Poster, Henry D. Foster,
Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hale,
Handley, Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris, John
T. Harris. Hawley, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
Hooper, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lauiison,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cormiek, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKin-
ney, MeNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mor-
gan, Nihlack, Packer. Isaac C. I'arker, Eli Perry,
Poland, Potter, Randall, Head, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Shel-
don, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
John A. Smith, Stevens, Storm, Strong, Sutherland,
bwann, Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Vaughun, Waddell, Wells, Whitthorne,-Willard,
Williams of New York, and Wood—103.
NOT V0TIN"G—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barnum,
James G. Blair, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs, Critcher, Dt>rrall,
