1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
Dickey, Duel!, Frye, Goodrich, Haldeman, Ilam-
bieton, Hay, Ha.ys, Ketoham, Lynch, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, Mitchell, Moore, Morphis, Hosea W. Parker,
Peters, Price, Prindle, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Siiervvood, Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speer, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Upson, Van Trump, Voornees, War-
reu, Washburn, Williams of Indiana, Winchester,
and Young—50.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was rejected.
Daring the roll-call the following proceed-
ings took place:
Mr. McCLELLAND. I desire to say that
my colleague, Mr. Sherwood, who is absent,
is paired with Mr. Prindle, of New York. If
he were here he would vote " no."
Mr. BECK. My colleague, Mr. Winches-
ter, is absent in consequence of serious ill-
ness in his family, and is paired with Mr.
Cobb, of North Carolina. If he were here he
would vote "no."
Mr. McNEBLY. My colleague, Mr. Crebs,
is paired with Mr. Williams, of Indiana. Mr.
Orebs would have voted "no" and Mr. Wil-
liams " ay." My colleague, Mr. Robinson,
is also paired. If he were here he would vote
"no."
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague, Mr. Voor-
hees, is paired on this vote with Mr. Ames.
If here he would vote " no."
Mr. RANDALL. I am requested to state
that my colleague, Mr. Sherwood, is paired
with Mr. Prindle. If Mr. Sherwood were
here he would vote "no." I am not aware
how Mr. Prindle would vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to state that Mr.
Young _is paired with one of his colleagues on
the other side whose name I do not know. If
Mr. Young were here he would vote " no."
Mr. POTTER. My colleague, Mr. Tuthill,
is paired with Mr. Upson. My colleague would
have voted " no."
Mr. WOOD. I desire to announce that my
colleague, Mr. Roosevelt, is paired with Mr.
Ambler.
Mr. CRITCHER. I am paired upon this
question with Mr. Peters. Otherwise I should
vote " no."
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would have voted " no"
on this question, but I am paired with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Dickey, who
I presume would vote " ay."
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Washburn, is paired upon this
measure with Mr. Speer, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. POLAND. My colleague, Mr. Smith,
is absent on leave. If he were here he would
vote " no."
Mr. W1LLARD. Mr. Ambler desired me
to state that if he were present on this vote he
would vote " no."
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Iam paired with
my colleague, Mr. Young. If Mr. Young were
here he would vote "no," and if 1 were to vote
I would vote " no." [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In behalf of General
Young 1 withdraw the pair. I am authorized
to do so.
Mr. PALMER. I desire to state that Mr.
McCrary is absent on leave. If he were here
he would vote " ay."
Mr. HARMEll. I desire to say, with regard
to my pair with Mr. Haldeman, that my under-
standing was that it was from Friday until Mon-
day, and not upon the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I contradict the gentle-
man flatly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
a discussion m the House upon questions of
pairs. It is a matter wholly personal and out-
side the rules of the House, and it can never
be admitted.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman came to
my seat and sought to make the pair, and then
he violates it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. RANDALL. I only wish to relieve
42d CON . 1ST SESS.—NO. 51.
my colleague, Mr. Haldeman, from any charge
of dereliction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
discussion.on the subject of pairs.
Mr. \*. R. ROBERTS. I desire to state
that my colleague, Mr. Dwight Townsend, is
paired on this question with Mr. McCrary.
If here, he would vote "no."
The SPEAKER. The announcement of
pairs is itself an indulgence. There is no right
to make such announcements. If it were ob-
jected to, the Chair would rule that no gentle-
man had a right to say anything on the subject
of pairs. It is only by unanimous consent
that the roll-call is interrupted as an indul-
gence. It is a practice which has gro-wn up
here, and for which there is no rule.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
Is it not my privilege to expose a lack of good
faith ?
The SPEAKER. That is exactly the point
in issue. There is no such right.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, my statement is on
record now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania himself, who is an old member, will
see that misunderstandings of this kind could
not be allowed to be obtruded upon the House.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 desire to make one
other remark on the point of order.
The SPEAKER. It is only as an indulgence
that the statement of pairs is allowed, and if
this shall be continued the Chair, upon a point
of order being made, will rule that no gentle-
man has any right to state anything whatever
in regard to pairs. There .is nothing in the
rules which recognizes pairs. It is wholly per-
sonal and lies entirely outside of the Rouse.
Mr. RANDALL. I merely wished to relieve
my colleague from any seeming dereliction of
duty.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have been desired by
Mr. Hay, who is absent, to say that if he were
here he would vote "no."
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I desire to
announce, in order that Mr. Hambleton may
be set right on the record, that I was paired
with him. If he were here he would vote
"no," and I also vote "no."
Mr. LAMISON. My colleague, Mr. Van
Trump, is paired with Mr. Lynch. If he were
present he would vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move that the
Senate be informed of the action of the House
on the report just voted down, and that a new
committee of conference be requested.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
—ayes 93, noes 09—the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the members of the new committee of con-
ference: Mr. Shellabarger of Ohio, Mr.
Poland, of Vermont, and Mr. Whitthorne
of Tennessee.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit a report from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 19) for
the payment of additional clerks and messen-
gers in the Pension Office, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. WOOD. Let the report.be read.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps it is not necessary
to read this report again, for it is precisely like
the one which the House a short time since
refused to receive, except the Sutro tunnel and
the Agricultural Department provisions.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let the gentleman
explain the effect of the report.
Mr. DAWES. The chief matters of differ-
ence between the two branches, as the House
well know, are the provisions relating to a park
in this city, the paving of Pennsylvania avenue
between Fifteenth street and Rock creek, the
$100,000 for barracks at Fort Leavenworth,
the $50,000 for Indian service, and the $20,000
for the Sisters of Merey at Charleston, South
Carolina. Those, I believe, are nearly, if not
quite, all the material points of difference be-
tween the two Houses; the others are merely
verbal.
The Senate recede entirely from the park
amendment. In regard to the amendment in
reference to paving Pennsylvania avenue the
Seriate adopt the House amendment appro-
priating $10,000 upon an equal amount being
appropriated by the District of Columbia. Ia
regard to the barracks in Leavenworth, Kan-
sas, the Senate recede from their amendment,
and also from the amendment in regard to the
Indian service. In reference to the amend-
ment concerning the Sisters of Mercy, the
Senate agree to the House amendment after
reducing the amount from $'20,000 to $12,000.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
state in regard to what amendments the House
recedes from its action?
Mr. DAWES. The House is asked to recedo
from its disagreement to the amendment to
pay $3,600 to William Hardin, for surveying
the public lands in Nebraska. The House also
is asked to recede from its disagreement to this
Carson City mint amendment, and from its
disagreement to the amendment allowing men
who have filed preemption papers and after-
ward become registers or receivers to perfect
their title under the preemption laws. The
House is also asked to recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate
authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish to
the National Freedmen's Relief Association
$5,000 worth of clothing and bedding on hand
and not needed by the Army, and to agree to
the same with the word " condemned " inserted
before the words" clothing and bedding." The
House is asked to recede also from its amend-
ment to the amendment in relation to deputy
marshals for taking the census, and to agree
to the Senate amendment as it came to us.
Mr. ARCHER. Does that pay all the mar-
shals?
Mr. DAWES. It puts all the marshals and
assistant marshals npon the same footing with
those in the Pacific States and Territories.
The House endeavored to put a limit upon it,
but the committee finally agreed to recede.
Mr. BECK. Does the committee of con-
ference consent to put back the proviso in the
Senate amendment in relation to marshals,
paying mileage to all the assistant marshals?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, we have done that;
upon a further consultation by the committee
of conference it was found that that would add
but little to the expense, and if left out would
create more dissatisfaction than the amount
of expenditure was worth. I regretted it very
much, but it was one of those concessions that
we were obliged to make.
Mr. BECK. The Superintendent of the
Census told ua that he would not insist upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Was anything
attempted in regard to printing a new issue of
national bank notes?
Mr. DAWES. An effort was made to con-
cur with the Senate upon the question of print-
ing a new issue of national bank notes, but
it was ascertained that it was impossible to do
so and carry the bill through both branches of
Congress unless an additional tax was placed
upon the banks to defray the expense. And
all things considered, it was deemed better to
leave it right where it was, rather than to
undertake to impose a new tax upon the banks
for that purpose.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to say, in regard to
the claim of William Hardin for surveying in
the State of Nebraska, that I know nothing
about it and take no responsibility for that
claim. I do not know the claimant; he has
never said anything to me or to any of our
delegation, to my knowledge, in regard to this
claim. ^
Mr. DAWES. We had documents placed
