96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
ana. If all of it were susceptible of the same
density of population, which I grant it is not,
these unsold lands of the Government would
furnish homes for one hundred and twenty-
three million people.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
includes Alaskain his computation of the quan-
tity of land we have.
Mr. PRATT. I do include Alaska. Mr.
President, since I have had occasion to refer
to my own State, I beg to illustrate the ques-
tion under consideration by stating a few facts
in connection with her progress. Yoa know,
sir, that she is the smallest of the States admit-
ted into the Union under the Federal Consti-
tution, except Vermont. You know that she
was not admitted into the family of States until
1816; that her political age is less than that of
many Senators upon this floor. It was my for-
tune to settle in that State in an early day, and
in that part of it where the public surveys had
but recently been extended. Indeed, the In-
dian title to large bodies of land was extin-
guished in my neighborhood after I took up my
residence there. I know, therefore, from expe-
rience the kind of men who first acquire a foot-
hold in a new country. I know their enter-
prise and their hardships. I know their wealth
of muscle, of strength, and courage and hope.
It is almost their only wealth.
I have witnessed the laying of the founda-
tions of society. I have seen great and wealthy
communities grow up from the rude begin-
nings of the pioneer settlers; and I know, sir,
that there is no class of men more deserving
the fostering care of Government than these.
But what I wished specially to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to was that vicious feature
in our land system which allows the speculator
to enter in the usual subdivisions vast bodies
of the public lands in the aggregate. True, as
the law was then construed, he could not enter
the land upon which the preemptor had filed
his claim or established his residence. But
at the public sale, and afterward by private
entry, he could purchase without limit. There
are three years which stand out in our history
as remarkable for the land-buying mania,
those of 1835, 1886, and 1855. Before 1835
the sales of the public lands had never risen to
$5,000,000 in a single year. But in that year,
notable for the inflation of the paper currency
of the States, the sales rose to $14,757,000 75,
and in the following year to $24,877,179 89.
Soon after followed the specie circular and the
sales rapidly declined, so that in the years 1841
and 1842 the sales yielded only about one mil-
lion and a third a year.
A great portion of these lands were bought
by speculators. They held on to them, sir,
in some localities for twenty and twenty-five
years, and sold them, always, of course, at a
large advance upon their cost. For years and
years the country was kept back in its settle-
ment from this cause. The emigrant was com-
pelled to go further, because the price asked
was beyond his means. The presence of the
land of the speculator was marked by the ab-
sence of all improvement. While honest in-
dustry girdled it around with farms and mills,
churches and school-houses, primeval silence
and solitude brooded forever there. I have
known such lands, sir, originally costing the
speculator $1 25 per acre, after the lapse of a
generation, and by the mere force of the enter-
prise of others, sell for $100 per acre. In the
mean time, what use have they subserved soci-
ety beyond the pittance of taxes which their
barrenness paid?
I believe the time is not distant when Congress
will enact a law that the public lands shall be
conveyed away only upon the condition of their
settlement, livery day is bringing the minds of
men to the conclusion that our public domain
should be reserved for such as will use it. It is a
fraud upon the poor man who expects to make
his living by husbandry that this national patri-
mony should become thepreyof capital. Con-
gress, as the trustee, should see to it that not
an acre should be sold or parted with except
to the men who will occupy it. Wherever
bounty lands are granted in the future to the
soldier the condition should be written upon
every certificate or warrant that unless he or
his assignee locate it within a given period and
erect a dwelling and inclose and cultivate
a portion he shall forfeit his warrant and all
benefit under it. Congress has inaugurated
this noble policy already in relation to the un-
sold lands in the States lately in rebellion.
Let this policy be extended. And hereafter,
in all grants which shall be made to any State
or corporation to aid in the building of works
of internal improvement of a national charac-
ter and importance, let the condition be im-
pressed upon every acre granted that the land
shall be subject to preemption, that the price
shall not exceed a certain limit, and that the
State or corporation shall make it as access-
ible to purchase as if it still belonged to the
United States ; and that for a certain number
of years it shall be reserved for purchase by
the actual settler before it is thrown open to
general purchase.
Mr. President, our wonderful progress as a
nation is due, in a great measure, as I think,
to our possession and wise administration of
these Government lands. In other countries
of kingly and imperial forms of government
they are known as Crown lands. More than a
century ago Sir William Blackstone lamented
the loss of that branch of the king's ordinary
revenue, which consisted in the rents and
profits of the demesne lands of the Crown.
He speaks of them as either the share reserved
to the Crown at the original distribution of
landed property, or such as came to it after-
ward by forfeitures or other means, and as
originally very large and extensive, comprising
divers manors, honors, and lordships, the ten-
ants of which had very peculiar privileges.
But he laments in his Commentaries that
they were then contracted within a very nar-
row compass, having been almost entirely
granted away to private subjects. When we
read the laws of Great Britain relating to
the management and improvement of all the
woods, forests, parks, and chases within the
survey of the exchequer we can but smile at
the contrast they present to our own simple
system. I have spoken already of the imperial
extent of these Crown lands of ours. Why,
sir, at the minimum price at which they are
sold they would pay off our entire bonded debt.
Now, sir, what was said eighty-six years ago
by Edmund Burke in the British House of
Commons as to the true policy of England in
relation to her Crown lands is true to day of
our public domain. He brought in a bill for
the sale of these lands. He argued that, let
the price got be what it might, a great object
was answered whenever any property was
transferred from hands which were not fit for
it to those that were; that the buyer and seller
must mutually profit by such a bargain, and
that the relief of the subject would go hand in
hand with the profit of the exchequer. But
principally and most powerfully did he dwell
upon this view: that the principal revenue to
be drawn from those uncultivated wastes was
to spring from the improvement and popula-
tion of the kingdom. "It is thus," said he,
"I would dispose of the unprofitable landed
estates of the Crown; throw them into the
mass of private property, by which they will
come through the course of circulation and
through the political secretions of the State
into wuil-regulated revenue."
We consider immigration to this country a
great blessing. The General and State gov-
ernments go hand in hand in promoting it.
The dense and overcrowded population of the
old countries is pouring with increased volume
upon our shores and diffusing itself over the
new States and Territories. The statistics of
that immigration are astonishing. I have be-
fore me, sir, the report of the chief of the
bureau on that subject. Listen to its facts.
Since 1820 the "number of passengers arriving
in the United States is above seven millions,
ninety-eight and one third per cent, of whom
are estimated as foreigners who come here to
remain. The net immigration to this country
for the four years from July 1, 1860, to June
30, 1870, was 1,321,127, of which number
387,203, the largest of any one year during
our history, arrived here in the year ending
June 30, 1870. '
The question occurs, why this wonderful
exodus from the Old World to the New, and
to this particular division of it? There are
thinly populated regions in Europe where this
immigration might find cheap and abundant
lands, and on this continent there are coun-
tries thinly settled and imperfectly developed,
with a soil as rich as ours, with productions
more various, with landscapes more pleasing
and sunnier skies, where nature responds more
generously to the labors of man. Vast fields
there are in Mexico, in Central and South
America, which woo the immigrant. There,
too, is Canada on the north, with her great river
and chain of lakes, inviting to her healthful
climate the people of northern Europe, so
much nearer and more accessible. Why do
the great industrial classes, numbering twenty-
nine in our immigration tables, seek homes
here from every country in Europe and from
the islands of the sea? Why do they still
come, since the great civil war from which we
have emerged ha3 left as a sad legacy a debt
of $2,300,000,000 to burden them and their
children's industry?
The answer is plain, and may be heard from
the lips of every immigrant. It is because this
is a free Government, instituted by the people
and for the people and administered in their
interest; because here all are equal before
that law ordained by the people. They come
here because the wages of labor are better and
food more abundant; because every man may
find useful and honorable employment; and
especially because our wise land system holds
out the inducement of cheap homes at a nom-
inal cost, with indisputable titles, to all who
choose to select them. In the light of these
great advantages the debt which was born
of the struggle to save this land to freedom
weighs but as a feather.
With a natural pride we call all the world
to witness the experiment of man at self-gov-
ernment here and its wonderful results. We
point to a country bordered by two oceans,
situate in the temperate zone, which, under
the influence of free institutions, has made
such strides of progress as in less than a cen-
tury to have taken its place among the great
civilized Powers of the earth.
I move, Mr. President, that this billl be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that reference will
not be made. I hope the bill will not take
that course at present. I wish to make some
remarks on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) I uuderstand the business before
the Senate is the consideration of the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a single moment to reply to the
Senator from Indiana before the bill passes
away from the attention of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And before
its reference ?
Mr. POMEROY. Before the question is
taken upon its reference.
Mr. PRATT. I withdraw the motion 1o refer.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I ngreo
with what the Senator from Indiana has said
measurably, and almost entirely, with regard
to the manner in which the Government should
dispose of its public lands. I agree with what
he has said in regard to the encouragement
which we should give to settlers throughout to
possess the land; but I want to call his alto::
tion for a moment to the bill and to see whether
it is a bill that should be enacted into a Jaw.
