1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
Mr. HALE. It is reported that the com
raitt.ee of conference on the bill for the en-
forcement of the fourteenth amendment has
just entered the Senate. I move that the
House take a further recess of thirty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is that
motion debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it amendable?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] so that the recess shall be until ten
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. COX. I should like if some gentleman
who is conversant with the facts could inform
the House what is the state of business in the
Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
Mr. HOAR. Will the Chair please to state
what is the condition of business in the Senate?
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. If there be
no objection the Chair will state that it is
understood the committee of conference on
the bill for the enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment has returned to the other branch.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether the report of the conference commit-
tee will be the first business acted on by the
Senate?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I understand that
the Senate is now discussing the San Domingo
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the
report of the conference committee is made it
will be in order to have it interrupt any other
business.
The question beingtaken on Mr. Maynard's
amendment, there were—ayes 30, noes 87.
Mr. YOUNG, and Mr. HOOPER of Mas-
sachusetts, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 85.
message f110m the senate.
Amessagefrom theSenate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 272) to pro-
vide for the sale of certain Indiau lands inthe
State of Kansas, known as the Cherokee strip,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
order of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
The question being put on ordering the yeas
and nays, there were—ayes sixteen; not a suf-
ficient number.
Mr. MOIIEY demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes seven-
teen; not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were refused ; and the
amendment was rejected.
Thequestionrecurredon Mr. Hale's motion,
that the House take a recess for thirty minutes.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man who moves to adjourn whether he wants
this l)ill to pass or not.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 24, noes 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to take
a recess for thirty minutes ; and being taken,
it was agreed to.
Accordingly (at nine o' clock and twenty-five
minutes p. m.) the House took a recess until
nine o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session.
unrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 19) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for additional appropria-
tions for the service of the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes.
indian lands in kansas.
Mr. LOWE. I ask unanimous consent t.o
have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
sideration now, the bill (S. No. 272) to pro-
vide for the sale of certain Indian lauds in
Kansas known as the Cherokee strip.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. LOWE. I hope the gentleman will not
object. The bill is agreed to by all the parties
interested. There is no injustice in it to any-
body.
Mr. COX. My objection is not to the bill
itself, but I do not think we ought to do any
legislation of this kind at this time. We have
no committees.
security of passengers on steam vessels.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration now, a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for
the better security of life on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes," approved February 28,
1871.
Mr. LOWE. I object.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
order of business.
Mr. LOWE. I move that the House pro-
ceed to business on the.Speaker's table.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope we shall not
adjourn. I understand that the committee
of conference have agreed on a report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on my motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to submit a privi-
leged resolution.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be more highly
privileged than a motion to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir, it is for a final
adjournment. I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the President of the Semite and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives bring the
present session of the Forty-Seeond Congress to a
close by adjourning their respective Houses at twelve
o'clock m. oil Thursday, the 20th instant.
The SPEAKER. That is not more highly
privileged than the motion to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I hope that the
motion to adjourn will be voted down, so that
I can have an opportunity of submitting my
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he withhold that reso-
lution a little while, and then I think we shall
be able to pass it unanimously.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think we can agree to
it in an hour. I understand that the commit-
tee of conference have agreed to a report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask for
a vote on my motion to adjourn.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts; and there were—
ayes 18, noes 74; no quorum voting.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for tellers, with
a view of occupying time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
pelled to appoint tellers, as no quorum voted.
Mr. Dawes and Mr. Hooper, of Massachu-
setts, were appointed tellers.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 23, noes 102.
So the House refused to adjourn.
pay 01' house employes.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution:
Resolved, Tlxat the folders and laborers under the
Doorkeeper of the House shall be entitled to and shall,
receive pay for the full month ending April 30,1871.1
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to my colleague
that he modify the resolution so as to include
all the employes of the House.
Mr. KERR. I accept that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
take a recess for thirty minutes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes pre-
cedence of a motion for a recess.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts; and there were—
ayes 15, noes 66; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 24, noes 115.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 40, nays 108, not
voting 82; as follows :
YBAS-Messrs. Adams, Archer, Averill, Buckley,
Cotton, DuBose, Bunnell. karnes. Edwards. Eld-
ridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Halo, Hank*. Hill, Hooper,
Kcllcy,.Iviug, Leach, M.tvnard. McNeely, Morgan,
Parker, Peck, John M. Rice, William It. ltoberts,
Scofield, Soelcy, Shoemaker. II. Boardmun Smith,
John A. Smith, Slowell, Washington Townsend,
Tui ncr, Twichell, Waddell, \Yr,ilden, Wallace, John
T. Wilson, and Young—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Arthur, Barry,Beatly,Beck,
Bell. Bigby, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton. Blight,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buftinton. Bur-
chard. Caldwell, Conger, Cox, Creely, Critchcr, Cross-
land, Davis. l)avves, Be Barge, Donnaai, Dox.Duko,
Elliott. Harwell, Fmkelnburg, Forker, Charles Fos-
ter, Garrett, Getz, Golladay. Griliith, Hnlsey, Hand-
ley, Harmer,Harper, George E. Harris, John T.Har-
ris, Havens, IXawley, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.
Uazleton, llibbard, Xlolmau, Kendall, Kerr, Ketch-
am, Killinger, Kinsella, Laimson, Lamport, Lewis,
Lowo, Manson. McClelland, McUormick, McHenry,
Mcliltyre, McKinney, Mercur, Merriam, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers,Monroe. Leonard Myers. Neg-
loy, Niblnck, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Pen-
dleton, Perec, Aaron F. Pony, Eli Perry, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Rend, Ritchie, Ellis TC. ^ Roberts,
Sawyer, Shanks, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens. Storm,
Stoughton, St. John/i'affc, Terry, T.vner, Waldron,
Walls. "Warren. Whitthoinc, Wilku-d, "Williams of
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Banks,
Baber, Barnum, Biggs, Bingham, James G. Blair,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick II. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo,
Cook. Crebs, Darrall, Dickey, Duoll, Henry D. Fos-
ter. Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Haldeman, Ilamblo-
ton, Hay, Hays, Hereford, Hoar, Lansing, Lynch,
Marshall, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKec,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey. Morphis, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Peters, Piatt, Price, Prindle, Rainey, Randall,
Edward Y. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, R. Mil-
ton Speer, Stevenson, Strong. Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Upson,
"Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman, Wash-
burn, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indi-
ana, and Winchester—82.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed t3.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BURDETT said: On all questions
connected directly or indirectly with the Ivu
Klux bill"*! am paired with Mr. Wells, my
colleague. 1 have no idea how he would vote
on this particular question if he were here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now take a recess till to-morrow morn-
ing at half past ten o'clock.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to say that the
discussion going on in the Senate is likely
to last all night. I understand that Senator
Sherman is now speaking.
Mr. DAWES. Let the recess be till ten
o'clock.
