804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. FARNS WORTH. No; that is too early
for us to meet. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at half past ten o'clock p. m.) the House took
a recess tiii half past ten o'clock a. m.
HORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House (at
ten o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., Thurs-
day, April 20) resumed its session.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the second com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill (H. K. No.
320) to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had adopted a resolution, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, directing
the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives to adjourn
their respective Houses without day on Thurs-
day, the 20th of April, at two o* clock p. m.
enforcement oe fourteenth amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I rise for the purpose of
making a privileged report. I present the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses ou House
bill No. 320.
The Cierk read as follows:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on
their disagreeing votes upon the bill of the House
(H. R. No. S20) entitled "An act to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, and for other purposes,"
respectfully report that, having met, after full and
free conference thereon they do recommend that—
First, the House of Representatives recede from
its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate
numbered 3, on the second page and twentieth line
thereof, and agree to the same with the modification
following, to wit: strike out all said Senate amend-
ment in that line, and insert the same after the word
*' office," in line twenty-one of the same page, in the
words following: "or to injure his person while en-
gaged in the lawful discharge of the duties of his
office, or to injure his property so as to molest, inter-
rupt, hinder, or impede him in the discharge of his
official duty;" and thatthe Senate agreeto the same.
Second, that the House of Representatives recede
from its disagreement to the eighteenth amendment
of the Senate, being on page 7 of said bill, and agree
to the same.
Third, that the House of Representatives recede
from iti> disagreement to the twentieth amendment
of the Senate to said bill, being on page 8 thereof,
and agree to the same, modified as follows, to wit:
in lieu of the amendment of the Senate as stated,
insert after the word "the," in line one of page 8,
these words: "first section of the;" and that the
Senate agree to the same.
Fourth, that the two Houses agree to a substitute
for the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, as
follows:
Sec. 'o. And be it further enacted, That any person
or persons having knowledge that any of tho wrongs
conspired to be done and mentioned in the second
section of this act are about to be committed, and hav-
ing power *0 prejent or aid in preventing the same,
shall neglect or refuse so to do, and such wrongful
act shall be committed, such person or persons shall
be liable to the person injured, or his legal repre-
sentatives, for all damages caused by anysuch wrong-
ful act, which such first-named person or persons,
by reasonable diligence, could have prevented; and
such damages may be recovered in an action on the
ease in the proper circuitcourtof the United States;
and any number of persons guilty of such wrongful
neglect or refusal may be joined as defendants in
such action: Provided, That such action shall be
commenced within one year after such cause of ac-
tion shall have accrued. And if the death of any
person shall be caused by any such wrongful act and
neglect, tho legal representatives of such deceased
person shall have such action therefor, and may
recover not exceeding $5,000 damages therein for
the benefit of tho widow ot such deceased person, if
any there be; but if there be no widow, for the ben-
efit of the next of kin of such deceased person.
lhat the same stand as section six of said bill; and
taat section six thereof shall be section five; and
that section five be transferred to the end of the bill.
SAMUEL SHELLABARGER,
LUKE P. POLAND.
Managers on the part of the House.
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
M. H. CARPENTER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, it is very well
understood in the House that the amendments
of the Senate to this bill, to which the House
disagreed, have already been the subject? of
one conference between the two Houses, and
that the report of the conference committee
was rejected here by a considerable majority.
The report of the former committee of confer-
ence as to the first four amendments of the
Senate which were disagreed to was, so far as
I know, entirely satisfactory, the changes which
were made by the committee meeting the ap-
proval of both Houses and of members on both
sides in the two Houses.
The next point of disagreement was in rela-
tion to the time when the provision in regard
to the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
should expire. The House had fixed upon
the 1st day of June, 1872; the Senate had
fixed as the time the expiration of the next
regular session of Congress. The disagree-
ment between the two Houses in this respect
was merely as to this difference of time; and
I did not understand that the objection on the
part of the House to the report had reference
particularly to this difference of time, or that
it was a point upon which the House was dis-
posed to make any stand. I did understand that
some gentlemen would have preferred that a
fixed day should be designated rather than a
time which is now uncertain.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A vote by yeas and nays
was taken in the House on that question.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that when this
amendment, came to this House a small ma-
jority was opposed to it; the House was very
nearly equally divided upon the question; but
from the debate upon the report of the com-
mittee of conference I did not understand that
that was a very material point of difference be-
tween the two Houses; and inasmuch as the
conferees on the part of the Senate represented
the sentiment of that body as decided upon
this point and were unwilling to yield it, we
did not deem it advisable to report a disagree-
ment upon this question.
The next, the third of the disagreements of
the two Houses, was in relation to the jurors'
oath, the disability or cause of challenge of
jurors that was provided by the act of 1862, I
believe it was. Now, I am free, very free to
say, that, for myself, I voted for the entire re-
peal of that law; if I had my choice in rela-
tion to how it should be, I would now vote for
the entire repeal of that law. The former con-
ference reported an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senate, so as to provide for repeal-
ing the first section of that law, which pro-
vided that this should be an absolute and legal
ground of challenge; and left the second sec-
tion of that statute in force, which left it dis-
cretionary with the judge of the United States
court whether the oath prescribed shall be
tendered to the jurors or not.
Upon this subject the conferees on the part
of the Senate were decided and absolute in
adhering to that portion of the former act,
leaving it discretionary with the judge to re-
quire the oath or not. And although my own
judgment, my own choice would have been
different, and if we could have persuaded the
conferees on the part of the Senate to have
concurred with ns in the entire repeal of that
law a majority of, I do not know but all, the
conferees on the part of the House would have
agreed to it, but upon that subject as well
as upon the one in relation to habeas corpus
we were compelled to accept that or report
a disagreement. And I did not understand
from the debate upon the former report of
the committee of conference that this was the
essential thing upon which the House refused
to concur in the former report. And, there-
fore, so far as these three amendments are con-
cerned, we have concurred, not with the Senate
amendments, but in the same report in refer-
ence to them that was made by the former com-
mittee of conference.
This brings me to the last cause of disagree-
ment—to what is known as the Sherman amend-
ment. I did understand from the action and
vote of the House that the House had solemnly
decided that in their judgment Congress had
no constitutional power to impose any obliga-
tion upon county and town organizations, the
mere instrumentality for the administration of
State law. We informed the conlerees on the
part of the Senate that the House had taken
a stand on that subject and would not recede
from it; that that section imposing liability
upon towns and counties must go out or we
should fail to agree. At the same lime we
said to them there was a disposition on the
part of the House, in our judgment, to reach
everybody who was connected, either directly
or indirectly, positively or negatively, with ihe
commission of any of these offenses and wrongs,
and we would go as far as they ehose to go in
inflicting any punishment or imposing any lia-
bility upon any man who shall fail to do hia
duty in relation to the suppression of those
wrongs.
The result was this section which we have
reported in lieu of the Sherman amendment.
The substance of it is that any person who has
knowledge of any of the offenses named, any
of the wrongs already described, any of the
conspiracies indicated in the second section
are about to be committed, it shall be bis duty
to use all reasonable diligence within his power
to prevent it; and if he tails to do so, so much
damage as is occasioned to anybody in conse-
quence of his failure, for so much he shall be
responsible in an action.
Mr. COX. How do you propose to measure
damages for presumed neglect?
Mr. POLAN D. Precisely the same as yoa
do in an action of tort. The question of
damages is a question in the sound discretion
of the jury.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, in
reply to the inquiries of some friends, 1 desire
to make a suggestion or two to the House.
Everybody who knows anything about my re-
lation to this matter knows I am not particu-
larly in love with this thing. There was a prop-
osition this takes the place of 1 like. But I
think it is quite unfair to the true effect and
scope of this substitute to say it does not mean
anything. On the contrary, as fairly and justly
intrepreted, I think it means very much, and I
therefore now call attention with more partic-
ularity to it than my friend has done. '' That
any person or persons having any knowledge
that any of the wrongs conspired to be done
and mentioned in the second section." Now
note, the Sherman proposition does not go to
any other wrong than those of riots. This
reaches every class of wrongs, and is much
broader in its reach.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Are many of
these Ku Klux outrages really riots?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No; and that was
the gre&tinfirmity of the Sherman amendment.
A riot must be accompanied with tumult and
public alarm and demonstration, a thing ordin-
arily avoided by the Ku Klux. This reaches
every species of mischief covered by the sec-
ond section, provided it reaches any one, any
person having knowledge that any ot these are
to be committed and having power to prevent.
Now, it it stopped there it might be worthless,
but it does not. If they have either power to
preyentorto aid in preventing, as, for instance,
to give information the mischief is impending—
the power to prevent or aid in preventing
the same, and shall neglect or refuse either to
do so, that is, to aid in preventing, and such
wrongful act shall be committed, such person
shall be liable to the person injured. Now, I
submit to the House and the country these
things we have been sayiqg on our side of the
House are to the effect that many of the people
must know of these outrages to some extent.
Having that guilty knowledge and refusing to
inform does make them liable in damages. It
means so much.
My friend asks how we will prove negative
