08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
but shall demand the regular order so soon as
that bill is disposed of.
Mr. MORPHIS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R.-No. 177) to relieve
James Moore, of Mississippi, of his political
disabilities; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It provides (two thirds
of each House assenting thereto) that James
Moore, a citizen of Monroe county, in the State
of Mississippi, be, and he is thereby, relieved
of all political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States by reason of his participation in
the late rebellion.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce and have put on its pas-
sage a bill to relieve of his political disabilities
Marcus L. Billings, a citizen of Georgia, who
has been elected clerk of the superior court.
In order to his taking office it is absolutely
necessary that the bill should pass.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will give the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Speer] an op-
portunity of presenting his bill unless pre-
vented by the call for the regular order. The
question is now on the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Morphis.]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and beingengrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORPHIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPEAL OF DUTY ON SALT.
Mr. DUELL. I desire to state that yester-
day I was detained in my room by sickness.^ I
ask leave to record my vote against the bill
repealing the duty on salt.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's state-
ment will appear in the Globe.
ESTIMATES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 178) in relation to
estimates of appropriations and appropriation
accounts.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
have the bill put upon its passage now. Dur-
ing the last session there was prepared by the
accomplished chief clerk of the Treasury
Department, who has prepared the estimates
heretofore, a bill regulating the method of
presenting the estimates, and also of keeping
the accounts of the Departments. The bill
was submitted to the late Committee on Appro-
priations, and was approved unanimously by
all the members of the committee. If it is
worth passing at all it ought to be passed now,
so that the estimates when they come in next
December may be more intelligible, I trust, to
the whole House than they have been hereto-
fore. I yield for a moment to my colleague
on the late Committee on Appropriations, the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I was a member of the
Committee on Appropriations when this mat-
ter was examined, and I take great pleasure
in saying that so far as I was able to under-
stand the scope and provisions of this bill I
think it would be a great improvement on the
present mode of submitting estimates to the
two Houses. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to its passage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does it appropriate any
money?
Mr. DAWES. Not at all. It only relates
to the form and manner of keeping accounts
at the Departments and presenting the esti-
mates here, i yield now to my colleague on
the late Committee on Appropriations, the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I only desire to say a wotd.
The Committee on Appropriations referred
that bill to myself aud one or two other mem-
bers of the committee. We went through it
carefully and made a few amendments, which
we thought of importance, and which are now
embraced in the bill. Mr. Saville accom-
panied the bill with a letter giving full and
detailed explanations of each section, and
after a very thorough examination none of us
could discover any objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. I would only say further that
I have no interest at all in this matter except
the desire that we shall have a more intelligible
book of estimates than we have had heretofore.
I ask that the bill be now read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope unani-
mous consent will be given to the gentleman
to give an explanation of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I think the House will un-
derstand the bill better by hearing it_ read.
The bare reading of the bill will make it per-
fectly plain.
The bill was read as follows :
jBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled^ That from and after the 30th day of June, 1871,
all estimates and communications asking for appro-
priations for any branch of the Government shall
be submitted to Congress through the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Secretary shall cause to be prepared blank formsfor
estimates, so arranged as to exhibit in a uniform, sim-
ple, and comprehensive manner the general object
lor which the appropriation is asked; the specific
objects of expenditure in detail; the total amount
required under each general head, after deducting
the balance which it is estimated will be on hand at
the commencement of the fiscal year for which the
submitted estimates are intended; the date of act or
resolution authorizing, or of the treaty stipulating,
for the expenditure, with references to the volume,
page, and section or article of the statutes where the
same may be found; and the amount appropriated
for tho preceding year: Provided, Thatwhercanitcm
of expenditure is only authorized by reason of an ap-
propriation having been previously made therefor,
in lieu of the date thereof, the word " appropriated "
shall be inserted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said Sec-
retary shall furnish, by the 1st of September in each
year, copics of such blank forms for estimates to
the various Departments, offices, or bureaus whose
necessities or duties require them to make estimates
for appropriations, accompanying the same with such
instructions as to the mannor in which they should be
made as he may deem proper; and the-said blanks
shall be filled up and returned to him by the 1st day
of October following, and may be accompanied by
such statements, exhibits, or other information, in
addition to that required by this act, as may be
deemed useful to the proper understanding of the
same, but it shall bo optional with him whether such
additions shall be published, as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 4. And be it jurther enacted, That on the re-
turn of s>aid estimates the Secretary shall have them
classified, arranged, and published in quarto form,
and there shall bo printed and bound, in addition
to the usual number for the use of Congress, three
hundred copics for the use of tho Secretary. And
the copies for the use of Congress shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
in timofordistributicn at the commencement of each
session.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That whenever an
estimate shall be submitted for any new specific
expenditure for a light-house, custom-house, post
office, fort, river, harbor, or other public work or
improvement, every such estimate shall be accom-
panicd by a detailed estimate of the cost of the "whole
work, and all subsequentestimatesforanysuch work
shall show the original estimated cost and the whole
amount previously appropriated. And where a sub-
sequent estimate shall ask for an appropriation be-
yond the originally estimated cost the reason for the
excess and the anticipated amount thereof shall bo
fully stated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That whenever
tho estimates vary from the amounts appropriated
for the preceding fiscal year, either in the details or
tho aggregate, they shall be accompanied byconci&e
notes, pointing out and explaining the differences;
and where «ueh explanations are more elaborate than
would be convenient for insertion in their proper
place in the body of the work, they may be revised
and condensed, or printed in an appendix, with
proper references to them.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That estimates for
contingent, incidental, or miscellaneous expenses
shall in no case include salaries or compensation of
any kind whatever; but where the number Of em-
ployes specifically authorized by law shall prove
inadequate, such additional number as may be re-
quired shall be estimated for in the general estimate
for salaries in the bureau or office requiring the addi-
tional number. And all such estimates shall be indi-
cated by inserting the word "submitted" in lieu of
the date ot the authorizing act hereinbefore required
to be giyen.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted. That the Secretary
shall include in said estimate astateiuont of all per-
manent appropriations, both specific and indefinite,
made by acts passed at any former session of Con-
gress under which it is believed any expenditures
will be made during the year for which the estimates
are intended, giving the same details as are required
in the case of other estimates.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the secre-
tary shall add to the estimates a statement showing
the unexpended balance of each appropriation at
the commencement of the fiscal year in which the
estimates are made, the amounts appropriated for
that year, the amounts available for the service of tho
year, the amounts expended during the first quar-
ter the estimated amounts required for the remain-
ing three quarters of the year, and the amounts
which may be applied to the service of the year for
which the estimates a.re submitted.
Sec.10. And be it further enacted, lhat the Secre-
tary shall designate the title by which all appropria-
tions shall be known; and such title, so designated,
shall be the title under which estimates and expend-
itures shall thereafter be made. All appropriations
for any building, fort, light-house, or otner public
work or improvement, whether for tho original con-
struction or for alterations, improvements, repairs,
or grounds, shall be estimated for and expended
under a general head applicable to the whole work;
and there shall be but one appropriation account
kept for each general object or particular building,
fort, light-house, or other public work or improve-
ment. And for the information of those concerned
the Secretary may print such number of the appro-
priation acts, and in such form, as he may deem
necessary.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That m caso
any appropriation shall be made by Congress with-
out having been submitted in the estimates of the
said Secretary, no money shall be drawn from tho
Treasury thereon until a certified copy of the act
making the appropriation shall have been sent to
him, and he shall have indorsed thereon the title by
which the said appropriation shall be known; and.
all titles of appropriations shall convey a clear and
concise idea of the general object for which the ap-
propriations were made, and any further estimates
or appropriations for the same general object shall
be made and disbursed under the title thus estab-
lished. , mi
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That whenever
Congress shall pass any relief act or resolution, pay-
ment under which is directed to be made out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
payment shall be made out of a general indefinite
appropriation for "payments under relief acts;"
and a detailed statement of the payments under this
account for the preceding year, with references
to the acts and resolutions, by date, volume, page,
and chapter or number, shall be published in the
appendix to the estimates.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That whenever,
in the settlement of a disbursing officer's account, it
is found that he has drawn money from one appro-
priation and disbursed it on account of expenses
properly chargeable to another, the accounting offi-
cers shall credit and charge the amount in the offi-
cer's account under the correct appropriations, and
transfer the same to a general account with tho
proper department, to be known as the "transfer
account," which account shall be closed monthly by
warrant and counter-warrant, so far as the same can
be done under existing and available appropriations.
Said transfer shall include all vouchors presented,
whether they are allowed or suspended, and shall be
made in such manner as to debit the officer under
the appropriations out of which the vouchers, when
perfected, will be allowed. But nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to authorize any transfer
of appropriations or the advance of money from one
appropriation for disbursement on account of ex-
penses properly chargeable to another; and all such,
transfers and advances are hereby prohibited: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Navy may make
advances to paymasters on foreign stations or on a
cruisefrom the appropriation for " pay of theNavy,"
to be used for general disbursement on account of
expenses; but in every such case the paymasters
shall make monthly returns of their disbursements
out of the money thus advanced, to the Fourth Aud-
itor, in such form as he shall prescribe, showing the
proper appropriations to which the same should bo
charged; and upon such returns the Auditor shall
make the transfer hereinbefore required. A state-
ment of the unclosed balances in said transfer ac-
counts, at the close of each fiscal year, shall bo
printed in the appendix to the estimates.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of settling the accounts of the Treasurer of the
United States, there shall be an appropriation ac-
count on the proper books of the Treasury Depart-
ment, to be known as the " unavailable balances"
account, from and to which all unavailablebalances
shall be transferred by warrant based upon the proper
settlement of the Auditor, confirmed by the Comp-
troller. And all such transfers heretofore made,
other than by warrant, including the amounts depos-
ited with the States, shall be examined, stated, and
transferred as herein direoted.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That when money
standing to the credit of the disbursing officers shall
be repaid into the Treasury as "outstanding liabil-
ities,''' under the provisions of the act of May 2,1866,
it shall be covered and credited upon the books of
the office in which the officer was charged when the
advance was made to him; and the Register of the
Treasury shall furnish to the Second, Third, and
Fourth Auditors a transcript of all amounts hereto-
fore covered into the Treasury as repayments of
amounts standing to the credit of disbursing officers
who are charged on their books, respectively; and
hereafter each of said Auditors shall keep an " out-
standing liabilities" account on the books of their
respective offices, in the manner Prescribed in the act
hereinbefore reierred to,
