1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
knowledge. I do not know what negative
knowledge is. Knowledge is generally affirm-
ative. it is to be done just as you prove
any state of mind where knowledge or intent
is requisite in almost every class of crimes.
Either intent or knowledge is an element in
almost all crimes, and this is provable just as
any other guilty knowledge is provable.
Now, let us go on a little;
For all damages occasioned by any such wrongful
act which such first-named person or persons by
reasonable diligence eould have prevented.
Now, there may be a practical difficulty that
■would suggest itself to the mind of members;
that is to say, when will we be able to say that
by reasonable diligence the party could have
prevented the mischief? Of course this is, as
in all other similar cases, a thing involving
some difficulty; but the difficulty is not an
extraordinary one. It is a question of reason-
able diligence, a question that enters, as gen-
tlemen are aware, into all actions of tort or
negligence.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question just there.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Very well; I will
hear the gentleman.
Mr. WILLARD. I understand that under
the provisions of this section, if an individual
receives the notice that we frequently read of
being sent to these Union men that he must
leave the district or be killed or whipped—if
anindividual should receive such notice, pinned
with a knife to his door in the morning, and
if he should go to the sheriff of the county or
to his neighbors and give information of that,
and ask them to protect him, they would be
liable..
Mr. SHELLABARGER. They would be
liable.
Mr. BINGHAM. So they ought to be.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Not only that,
but everybody else who has learned anything
about the way in which the mischief has been
done, the numbers who were engaged in it, the
fact that they passed along the road and were
seen iu the night with their white uniforms,
the fact that in the family the son, for instance,
was absent from home during the night, all
such facts as would tend to give notice to the
community that mischief of that character is
brewing, everybody having knowledge of that
kind would be in danger of being made liable
unless he communicates the same. And 1
think there is much virtue in the provision in
that respect.
Now, then, let us go on :
jProvided, That such action shall be commenced
within one year after such cause of action shall have
accrued.
I need not comment upon that; that is a
mere matter of limitation.
And if the death—
Now, here my friend from New York [Mr.
Cox] asked how the damages should be meas-
ured, and somebody replied, " Let them be
measured in a hat." But there is one method
of measuring damages, as it exists in our State,
to wit: that if the death of a party shall be
occasioned there shall still be a right of action.
And tny interpretation is, I will say to my fel-
low-members, though I do not know that I will
be sustained in that, that this language oper-
ates back upon the second scction. It will be
remembered that the second section gives a
civil right of action for injury to person or
property, &e.; but it gives no right of action
where a death occurs. I think that is a defect
in the second section. And, at common law,
where death ensues from a wrong against a
person, there is no right of action—
. Now, I think this amendment will give a
right of recovery in all cases, either under the
second section or under this section, where
death ensues. I will now read the clause:
And if the death of any person shall be caused by
any such wrongful act or neglect the legal repre-
sentatives sf such deceased person shall have such
action therefor, .and may recover not exceeding
$5,000 damages therein, for the benefit of the widow
of such deceased person, if any there bo, or if there
be no widow, for the benefit of the next of kin of
such deceased person.
The last clause being intended to secure it
to the family of the deceased, to the exclusion,
for example, of creditors, just as our statutes
do in the ease where death occurs from rail-
road negligence.
This, then, Mr. Speaker, is the best we have
been able to get in the conference. I sincerely
trust and believe that it will be a beneficent,
restraining element in the bill. Persons better
able to form opinions in that regard than I am
deem it to be even better than the Sherman
amendment. I hope it will be adopted by the
House.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Mr. Speaker, as a
member of the House committee of conference
I could not sign the report submitted by my
brothers of that conference. I felt, sir, that I
was charged as a Representative of this House
not only to protest against the "Sherman
amendment," so called, butagainst those other
amendments which the House refused to con-
cur in by a large majority. Sir, will the mem-
bers of this House allow me to speak for those
upon this side in reference to one of the amend-
ments included in this report, to wit, that in
regard to the test-oath? I say, gentlemen, that
members on this side of the House regard that
feature of the bill with more horror than they
do the so called " Sherman amendment." It
is, if you please, an arraignment of the whole
people of the South, an indictment of the whole
population. It is arraigning their integrity of
character. It is driving them from what they
regard as the sanctuary of human liberty—the
jury box. Pause for a moment before you
carry this message to that people among whom
you desire, in your own words, to restore peace
and order. Do not irritate them. Do not
provoke them. You have asked them in days
gone by, by your amnesty proclamation and
by your legislation, to come up and accept the
laws, and now at the close of it, after the great,
body of them have accepted your amnesty and
your laws, their rebellion is, so to speak, by
virtue of this amnesty wiped out., and they
stand pure as undriven snow. Yet you come
up here and say by your legislation that they
are unfit to determine a trifling trespass among
each other, even the question of the value of
a pigl Oh, gentlemen, let me ask you, for
the sake of peace and order, not to enact this
feature of the report.
But, Mr. Speaker, for other reasons, I could
not sign the report. I had trusted that our
legislation would not be of a partisan charac-
ter, that we would rise above prejudices either
of section or of party, and that no matter how
much I might, think our legislation was at war
with the Constitution, or at war with the inter-
ests of my people, I might be able to go back
to them and say that it was not dictated in the
spirit of party. But, sir, the effort to prolong
the suspension of the habeas* corpus, the effort
to continue the provisions of this bill beyond
the period fixed by the House, I submit to
your calm good sense, is not for the country,
but is for party. Gentlemen, strike it out!
You will have, when we meet here next ses-
sion, within your control, if the condition of
the country requires it, the power to reenact
this law; but fix the time ; let the people know
or believe that your legislation is not in the
interest of party, but that what you have done
has been done in the interest of peace and
order.
Mr. Speaker, I know that I am trifling with
the patience of the House. I will not enter
upon a field in which my own feelings would
be excited and the feelings of the House would
be excited. I speak for myself alone, but in
doing so I know that I speak also for the
laboring, toiling men of the South. Sir, we
desire peace. We desire the supremacy of
the laws. We desire above all things the per-
petuity of constitutional liberty. That is our
prayer by day and by night, and we long for
the day, we pray for the hour when we may
address ourselves to the material interests of
the country. I will yield for a moment to my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POLAND. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I have not yielded
the floor.
TheSPEAKER, The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] and
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Whit-
thorne] as speaking in the time of the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana after the previous question
shall have been seconded.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
87, noes 62; and the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to close debate. I
would inquire how much time the gentleman
from Indiana desires?
Mr. KERR. I wish a few moments, and
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
desires a few moments.
Mr. POLAND. I will give you ten minutes
and you can divide it to suit yourselves.
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker, I have not sought
the floor from any desire to discuss this bill in
any.general sense again. I desire now only to
submit one or two remarks, aud, in the first
place, in addition to what I have hitherto said,
to say this, that in my judgment there has not
been shown to exist in our country any such
condition as justifies the enactment of this
bill, either as originally passed by the House or
as now proposed to be amended, and finally
passed upon the report of this committee. I
think there is no intelligent popular sentiment
in the country which demands or justifies the
enactment of a law of this kind. I think it is
an attempt to force popular sentiment. It is
addressed to the passions of the people of the
country. It is based upon no existing neces-
sities in the land. There is nowhere such a
condition of insubordination as either calls for
it or can be relieved or cured by it.
It is a remarkable fact that throughout this
country to-day an entire half of the press of
the country, almost without a dissenting voice,
condemns and denounces this legislation. It
is also, and very significantly, true that a very
large and most respectable part of the other
half of the press of the country does in terms
of great earnestness and of great ability, and
many times of deep indignation, equally con-
demn and denounce this legislation. That is
true of some of the ablest organs of the Re-
publican party. And I will detain the House
to invite the attention of the House to the
latest expression of one of the most able,
sagacious, and honorable organs of the Re-
publican party in this country—the Chicago
Tribune.. [Laughter among the Republican
members.] A copy of the issue of day before
yesterday I now hold in my hand. The Chi-
cago Tribune, I said. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I am waiting for gentlemen to
conclude their laughter. I am entirely will-
ing that they shall find enjoyment in this joke
if they can. It is a family matter of theirs,
not mine. It is a very able article and I in-
dorse it, and in order to aid them in the enjoy-
ment of it, I ask the Clerk to read it from
that paper of the 18th instant. It is entitled:
"Shall the sword supersede the law?"
The Clerk read as follows :
"Popular governments cannot be maintained by
the sword. Insurrections, rebellions, disorders, and
personal violations of law may be suppressed by the
vigorous application of military force, but the real
strength ana defense of popular governments is the
law which is enforced by popular sentiment. The
