1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That in order
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to keep an
accurate account of the several loans of the United
{States, there shall be kept on the books of the De-
partment an appropriation account, to be known as
the "premium and discount account," which shall
be charged with the discount and credited with the
premium hereafter accruing on loans in conformity
to law; and all loans which have heretofore been sold
at a discount shall be credited with th e amount there-
of, and the amount thus credited shall be charged
to the account herein authorized.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where money has been erroneously covered into the
Treasury of the United States, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have authority, by warrant and
counter-warrant, to correct said erroneous entry,
charging the amount to a general account, to be
known asM transfer of moneys erroneously covered."
But nothing herein contained shall be construed to
authorize the payment from the Treasury of any
moneys thus erroneously covered, without specific
authority of law.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That all proceeds
of sales of old material, condemned stores, supplies,
or other public property of any kind, shall hereafter
be deposited and covered into the Treasury as mis-
cellaneous receipts on account of "proceeds of Gov-
ernment property/' and shall not be withdrawn or
applied except in consequence of a subsequent ap-
propriation made by law; and a detailed statement
of all such proceeds of sales shall be included in the
appendix to the book of estimates, But this section
shall not bo held to repeal the existing authority of
law in relation to marine hospitals, revenue-cutters,
the clothing fund of the Navy, or the sale of com-
missary stores to officers of the Army. And it shall
be the duty of the Register of the Treasury to fur-
nish to the proper accounting officers copies of all-
warrants covering such proceeds, where the same
may be necessary in the settlement of accounts in
their respective offices.
Mr. MAYNARD. Might not this bill be
construed to authorize .the Secretary of the
Treasury to revise, alter, and modify the esti-
mates submitted by other Departments?
Mr. DAWES. Not at all. He is only to
furnish blanks in conformity with this statute
to all the Departments.
Mr. MAYNARD. I see what the scope of
the gentleman's bill is, and it meets my hearty
concurrence. But it occurred to me from the
reading that it might be interpreted that the
Secretary of the Treasury should revise and
alter the estimates of other Departments.
Mr. DAWES. Not at ail.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman any
objection to a proviso excluding that interpret-
ation ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the bill open
to any such construction, and I dislike very
much to mar it.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
hear the proviso I have prepared read, and
then will state that it is unnecessary, its terms
being already covered by the bill, I will not
press it.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. My amendment is to add
* to the fourth section of the bill the following:
Provided, That nothing herein shall authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to alter or in anywise
change the sums estimated and submitted by either
of the other Departments.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee that there is nothing in the
bill that would justify any such attempt on the
part of the Secretary of the Treasury ; noth-
ing at all. If there were, nobody would have
been found quicker than the late Committee
on Appropriations to cut it out, but a careful
examination of the bill will satisfy my friend
that the amendment is unnecessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. In that case I will not
insist on my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have printed in
the Globe a fuller explanation of this bill.
No objection was made. The paper is as
follows:
Treasury Department.
Washington, D. C„ February 3,1871.
Sir : Referring to the bill in relation to estimates
of appropriations and appropriation accounts, which
1 had the honor to submit to your committee some
time ago, and which you desire me to explain some-
what at length, I would say the provision in section
one, requiring that all communications asking- ap-
propriations be submitted through the Secretary of
the Treasury, is important in order that the book of
estimates may be submitted to Congress promptly,
uniformly, and intelligently. For a number of years
this has been the practice, and is necessarily required
by the provision of law which makes it the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause these esti-
mates to be printed and submitted.
It might be that there is some objection to the use
of the word " all" in this section, which, if omitted,
might permit the estimates for deficiencies and addi-
tional estimates to be submitted by the Department
proper after the regular book of estimates has been
sent in. But, aside from the mere requisite of uni-
formity and promptness in the book of estimates, it
is still more desirable that this provision of law
should be on the statute-books; because the Secretary
of the Treasury having the entire management of
the finances, and being required to make provision
and report concerning them, it is impossible for him
to obtain accurate and reliable information concern-
ing the needs of the other Departments unless their
estimates are submitted through him. This practice
has always obtained, and it has been found to work
admirably. A provision of law requiring it merely
puts upon the statute-books a rule of practice of the
Executive Departments.
Section two: The preparation of blank forms for
estimates was adopted two years ago, and has been in
use since that time. It has been found to work ad-
mirably, accomplishing the intention of makingthe
estimates uniform, simple, and comprehensive. The
information directed to be given in this section is
tho same as was published in the last book of esti-
mates. It is desirable to have this part of the esti-
mates only contain such information as can be easily
put into the compass of a book of the size we are
compelled to print; and anymore information de-
sired in relation to appropriations, a further exam-
ination of the bill will indicate I have directed to be
put into the appendix.
Of course the book of estimates, as long as the
editorship remains in me, will be published with an
elaborate index, the same as it has been for the last
two years, and I think there will be no difficulty in
referring to any statement which is directed to be
published in the appendix if this index is kept up.
The object of furnishing the blank estimates, as
explained in the preceding requirements, that the
same shall be filled by tho 1st day of October, is to
enable their classification, arrangement, and pub-
lication within the time now required by law. The
provision for the accompaniment of these with state-
ments, exhibits, or other information is desirable;
for, in many instances, it will enable the bureau sub-
mitting estimates for extraordinary expenditures to
set forth, in a concise form in an appendix, plans,
details, and cogent reasons for the allowance of the
estimates they may submit.
The provision that the publication of these addi-
tions shall be optional with the Secretary of the
Treasury is desirable, from the fact thatit will enable
him to prevent very frequently useless and unneces-
sary printing, which would make the book of esti-
mates an exceedingly voluminous document. Of
course, in the editing of such a book it requires judg-
ment to know what should be inserted and what
should not; and it is always necessary that some
discretion in that regard should be lodged in good
hands.
Section four: This section, which provides for the
classification, arrangement, and publication, is the
same as is now on the statute-books, with the single
exception that it is to be made in quarto form. This
form is the same as the Appendix to tho Congres-
sional Globe, and is much more satisfactory as a
form in which to publish a book consisting mainly
of tabular statements, besides saving very much in
page space and bulk of material. The last book
contained three hundred pages, which, if it had been
printed in quarto form, would have saved one hun-
dred aud twenty pages of tho book of its present
size. .
Section five: It is hardly necessary to explain the
necessities for detailed estimates of the cost of the
whole work in the case of light-houses and other
public improvements, nor of the necessity for the
statement of what the original estimated cost was.
This is already a provision of law, limited, however,
to public buildings, and remaining a dead letter on
the statute-books by reason of an implied repeal
passed in 1853. The original does not cover so much
ground, and is not so effective, for the reason that it
lodges in no onesingle person's hands the authority
to require this information.
Seccion six; This section is merely a continuation
of tho explanations required, authorizing the pub-
lication of these explanations in an appendix where
they shall prove to be too elaborate.
Section seven, providing for estimates for contin-
gent, incidental,or miscellaneous expenses,including
salaries or compensation, and providing forsubmit-
ting estimates for additional employes, is aprovision
of law in a form which will carry out the intention
of Congress in several previous enactments, but
which were written and passed in such a shape as to
render their terms almost nugatory. The provision
that these additional employes shall be indicated by
the word "submitted "again merely puts upon the
statute-books what is now being done in tho daily
practice of the Department.
Section eight requires the Secretary to submit a
statement of permanent appropriations the same as
is now foundinthe bookof estimates, and which was
made up for the first time when I took charge of the
book of estimates two years ago. This is a very de-
sirable statement and is made in such a form as to
enable Congress at a glance to judge exactly how
these permanent appropriations are being used,
Section nine, in relation to unexpended balances,
differs somewhat from the unexpended balance law
as it now stands on the statute-book, for the reason
that it not only gives the unexpended balance on
the ^Oth June, but also the expenditures for the first
quarter of the fiscal year, thus bringing the inform-
ation to Congress up to a period three months later
than the law at present requires, and giving all
the information that the law, as it now stands, does
require.. The only omitted item in this section is
that which relates to the surplus fund; and, as tbe
law now stands, this statement of the surplus fund
is made a separate document.
Section ten provides for the manner in which ap-
propriations shall be designated, and involves the
very important matter of securing the information
Congress should have in relation to appropriations*
and which has never been rendered.
I explained to the committee the fact that very
frequently two estimates would be submitted for the
same general object, in separate places and under
separate titles, which were in fact for the same gen- •
eral purpose; and that the estimate submitted in this
form was with the view of obtaining more money for
the same general purpose. To illustrate: hist year
it mightbe that theTreasury Department submitted
an estimate for a public building, calling it acustom-
house; the next year the estimate would be submit-
ted as for a post office and court-house; the next year
as a continuation of work on the custom-house; the
next year for the purchase of additional ground for
the post office and court-house; and soon, each year
varying the language, so as to confuse the accounts
and render their identification improbable, if not
impossible. By this means Congress would be de-
ceived as to the actual amount appropriated, and
would be induced to vote a much larger sum for
the completion of this building than it originally
intended.
A provision is inserted for the printing of the
•appropriation acts in proper form. This may not
be necessary,' as the general authority to print such
documents as may be necessary already exists; but
I deem it desirable to put it in this form, from the
fact that, as the law now stands, and as the business
isnowdone.it has not been the custom to put the
appropriations in such a shape as to convey clearly
to all the accounting officers of the Government and
the officers interested in disbursements just exactly
what purposes the appropriation under their control
can be used for.
Section eleven merely continues the provisions of
the preceding one, with relation to a certain special
class of appropriations, and places in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury that authority which
he already has by common consent in regard to
them. It also contains a provision as to what the
titles of appropriations shall be, and requires that
when additional estimates are submitted for the gen-
eral object covered by a preceding appropriation
the same title shall be used, thus requiring its iden-
tification with the appropriation previously made.
Section twelve: The custom heretofore has been,
to pay all relief acts under a special head applicable
to the single act only. This 1 have always deemed
unwise, for tbe reason that it is impossible to assem-
ble together these several acts and make an accurate
statement of the payments under them during any
preceding year. I have added a provision requiring
a detailed statement of these payments to be in-
serted in tho appendix to the book of estimates.
This I have deemed necessary because from this
time on the labor of the Committee of Claims and
of the Appropriations Committee in relation to spe-
cial relief acts will be greatly increased, and it is
desirable to show to each of these committees ex-
actly how much it has cost during the preceding
year to carry into effect the laws which they have
reported for private or general relief. Most of these
relief acts are necessarily indefinite as to amount;
but, even where the amounts are not indefinite, it
is a very desirable thing to have the details and
proper references in such a shape as to enable the
committee to easily examine how far the Executive
Departments have gone under the authorities con-
ferred by them.
Section thirteen is one of the most important in the
entire bill. The principleslaid down in ths preceding
ones might possibly beearricdout without legislation,
although the difficulty in the way would be very great.
But in this section I have desired to put upon the
statutes a rule of accounting whereby it is possible
to save to the United States Government millions
of dollars annually by the prompt settlement of
accounts
To make a thorough and elaborate explanation of
this section would require more time than I have at
my command at present, or than you could spare
me; so that I will only say, in general, in relation
to it, that I have tried the experiment as far as I
could under the general authority of law now on the
statute-books, and have found the operations to bo
in every way satisfactory. In the simple matter of
clerical labor by this process of simplifying accounts
I can prevent in the next ten years the increase of
the clerical force of the Department engaged in the
business of settling accounts by at leastonehundred
clerks. The section is made general in its applica-
tion, with one proviso, rendered, necessary by the
peculiar character of the servico in the Navy. But
this exception is prevented from being objectionable
by the requirement inserted of a monthly return to
the proper Auditor; and, to secure an accurate
showing of the transactions under this provision, I
have added a requirement for a statement of the
unclesed balances in the accounts at the close of
each fiscal year, to be submitted to Congress.
Section fourteen: There is no provision of law
authorising the accounts of the Treasurer's office to
be properly settled by wan ant wherever the account
involves the question of unavailablebalance?. Ttii>
settlement is now made by a simple certificate of the
Comptroller and entered upon the records of the
Register's officc without appearing in the general
accounts of tho Department. I do not think this a
