102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
testimony may be taken shall be continued in favor
" of both parties for the period of sixty days from and
after the expiration of the time allowed to them by
law.
The resolution was agreed to.
contested election—norths vs. iundley.
Mr. UPSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion from the Committee of Elections :
Resolved, That the time for taking testimony in
the contested-election ease of Morris vs. Ilandley,
third congressional district State of Alabama, be
extended lor sixty days from the 15th instant.
The resolution was agreed to.
r1svenge reform.
Mr. COX. I offer the following resolution
for consideration at this time :
IteeolveJ, First. That economy requires that the
annual taxation should not exceed S250.000.000 in-
cluding 4125,000,000 for interest and $25,000,000 prin-
cipal of tho public debt.
Second. That tho tariff should be so reformed as to
be a tax for revenue only, and not for tho protection
of class interests at the preneral expense.
Third. That in en so this session adjourns without
the appointment of tho Ways and Means Committee
a special committee of soven be appointed to con-
sider and report upon the reform of the revenue,
and also report, such bill or bills as will embody a
revonue tariff without discriminating in favor of
particular interests; and in case said Committee of
Ways and Moans bo appointed at this session, that
then said Committee of Ways and Means shall per-
form the duties required by this resolution.
Mr. KELLEY. I object.
Mr. COX. 1 move to suspend the rules and
pass the resolution.
The SPEAKEll. That cannot be done,
except on Monday.
Mr. COX. I ask, then, to have the resolu-
tion printed, that it may be in the hands of
members on Monday.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
removal op disabilities.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. G) for the removal of all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, the pending
question being oil Mr. Beck's motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred
to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BECK. I desire to know what time I
have remaining of my hour, so as to know how
to distribute it among gentlemen who desire
to be heard.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman has forty-
five minutes remaining.
Mr. BECK. I had agreed to yield fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. BifTi.RU; ] but before doing so, I desire
to yield to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] who has requested to be allowed to
offer an amendment. *
Mr. POLAND. I offer as an amendment
the following proviso, to be added to the bill:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to or in
any "way alleol or romovethe disability of any person
included in cither ot the followingclasses:
In fit. Members ofthe Congress ot'the United States
who withdrew therefrom and aided the rebellion.
jo? ' Officers of the Army or Navy of the Uni-
ted fetates, above the age of twenty-one years, who
lefUaid Army or Navy and aided tho rebellion.
Hard. Members of State conventions which
adopted pretexided ordinances of secession, who
voted for the adoption ot such ordinances.
Mr. BECK. Does the gentleman desire any
time in which to advocate his amendment?
Mr. POLAND, Not at present.
Mr. BliClv. I desire to say to the House
that after as full consultation as i could ob-
tain with gentlemen on the other side I became
thoroughly convinced that the bill as proposed
by me to remove the disabilities of all men
would not probably obtain a two-thirds vote
in this House ; but that with the amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,]
who, I know, has offered it in no spirit un-
friendly to the general object of the bill, mak-
ing it correspond substantially with the bill
which has been introduced into the Senate, it
Would, perhaps, obtain the requisite vote.
After conferring with a large number of
gentlemen on my own side, and especially with
gentlemen from theSouth, who are most largely
interested in this matter, I have determined to
accept the amendment as the only chance for
anything to be accomplished, so that it shall
be considered as a part of the bill, believing
with Mr. Burke, a much wiser man than my-
self, that " it is the best rule to make the most
of the actual situation, and never refuse to do
a proper thing because there is something else
more proper which I am not able to do." So
believing, and driven to that necessity, I have
accepted the amendment without any appre-
hension that my motives or object will bemis-
understood, and I notify the House that at the
close of the hour I shall only reserve time
enough to call the previous question, aud theu
test the sense of the House on the bill as it
now stands.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Is the House to understand
that the gentleman will refuse to yield to further
amendments? '
Mr. BECK. I believe I may as well say
yes, because the amendments which I under-
stand that several gentlemen desire to offer
are of a character that can be passed by a bare
majority of the House. The bill which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
desired to offer the other day was one of that
character, and the, bill which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] has spoken to me
about is of that character also. I do not be-
lieve it is proper legislation to tack on by way
of amendment a bill which a majority of the
House can pass to a bill that requires two thirds
of the House to pass. This bill removing dis-
abilities is of that character, and it ought not
to be and cannot properly be incumbered by
other legislation of a different character. For
that reason I shall decline to yield for further
amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to correct an error in his statement
in regard to my proposition ?
Mr. BECK. That was the way in which I
understood it.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is simply a proviso
by which 1 propose that this measure, for which
I will vote with that proviso, shall not take
effect in any late slave State until the President
shall be satisfied that peace and order have
been restored in such State. We certainly
should have peace and order before we grant
amnesty.
Mr. BECK. I do not want the gentleman
to fly off the handle.
Mr. STEVENSON. But I want to fly on
to the handle and work with the gentleman.
Mr. BECK. I now yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boi-
ler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As there
are other gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, on the floor
that this bill affects personally, I yield to the
gentleman from South Carolina on my right
[Mr. Elliott] my fifteen minutes.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Mr. Speaker, the House
now has under consideration a bill of vast im-
portance to the people of the section that I
have the honor in part to represent. It is a
proposition to remove the political disabilities
of persons lately engaged in rebellion against
the sovereignty of the Government of the Uni-
ted States. I believe, sir, that I have been
noted in the State from which I come as one
entertaining liberal views upon this very ques-
tion ; but, sir, at a time like this, when I turn
my eyes to the South and see the loyal men
of that section of the country suffering at the
hands of the very men whom it is proposed to-
day by this Forty-Second Congress of the Uni-
ted States to relieve of their political disabili-
ties, I must liereand now enter my solemn pro-
test against any such proposition.
Sir, it is nothing but an attempt to pay a
premium for disloyalty and treason at the ex-
pense of loyalty. I §,113. not surprised th&t fhe
gentleman from Kentucky should introduce
such a proposition here. It was due to the
class of men that it is proposed to relieve that
such a proposition should come from the gen-
tleman from Kentucky and gentlemen upon
that side of the House. I can appreciate the
feeling of sympathy that the gentleman from
Kentucky entertains for these men in the South
who are to-day prohibited from holding Fed-
eral offices. They are his allies. They are his
compatriots. They are to-day disfranchised
simply because they rushed madly into rebel-
lion against this, the best Government that
exists under heaven, at their own instance, with
the advice, and with the consent of such gen-
tlemen as the gentleman from Kentucky. But
when I hear gentlemen like the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who spoke upon
this question on Friday last, advance views
and opinions such as that gentleman then
advanced I must be allowed to express my
surprise, ay, sir, my regret, that at this timo
such words should fall from the lips of a man
whom I have been taught long to regard as
one of those who are unflinching in their
devotion to the cause of liberty and the pres-
ervation and maintenance of this great Gov-
ernment.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fares-
worth] took occasion, in his argument on
Friday last, to compare the condition of the
man who is to-day disfranchised and the man
who is allowed to hold office in the South.
He drew a parallel between the disfranchised
old man and his servant, or slave, who to-day
holds office or may do so. He tells you that
you should take into consideration the condi-
tion of this poor old man who, because he
simply happened to join the rebellion after
having taken an oath to support tho Consti-
tution of the Government of the United States,
is prohibited from holding office, while his
slave is allowed to hold office under the State
and the United States governments. Ay, sir,
the reason of this difference between the polit-
ical status of the two is simply this: that
while this old man, with whom the gentleman
from Illinois sympathizes in his heart, was
rebellious against the Government which had
fostered and sustained and protected him, his
slave was loyal to that Government, loyal to
its Army, and loved its flag, which the man
who had been reared under it, who had been
fostered and protected by it, had learned only
to despise. The difference is this : that while
that "poor old man," of whom the gentleman
speaks so sympathizingly, would only curse
the Government, would only ill-treat and mur-
der its loyal adherents, the slave was the friend
of that Government, and the protector and
defender of those who were endeavoring to
uphold it.
In discussing this question, and as a reason
why this bill should pass, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] stated that tho
removal of disabilities would do good, and
that to maintain those disabilities could effect
no good purpose. Sir, I say that this removal
would be injurious, not only to tho loyal men
of the South, but to the Government itself. To
relieve those men of their disabilities at this
time would be regarded by the loyal men of the
South as an evidence of the weakness of this
great Government, and of an intention on the
part of this Congress to foster the men who
to-day are outraging the good and loyal peo-
ple of the South. It would be further taken as
evidence of the fact that this Congress desires
to hand over the loyal men of the South to the
tender mercies of the rebels who to-day are
murdering arid scourging the loyal men of the
southern States.
The- gentleman from Illinois, in his argu-
ment, was pleased to ask this question, which
he proposed to answer himself: ape these men
who are disfranchised and prohibited from hold-
ing offices the men who commit the murders
and outrages of which complaint is made?
And his ansvyer to that question was that thej
