1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
ator from Wisconsin be excused from service
on that committee.
The motion was not agreed to.
NICHOLAS P. TRIST.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 178) for the
relief of Nicholas P. Trist, negotiator for the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which were to
strike out all after " 1848," in line nine, down
to and including the word " provision," in line
eleven, and to strike out all after the word
"incurred," in line thirteen, to the end of the
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign .Relations to move that
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives be concurred in by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. I want to look
at it.
Mr. SUMNER. The House of Represent-
atives have simply struck out the interest; that
is all. This is a most charitable measure which
ought to pass. The House of Representatives
have simply struck out the interest which the
Senate allowed, and I hope the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania will prevail to con-
cur with the House amendments, though I
think they are going too far. I think Mr. Trist
ought to have the interest, but this vote closes
the matter and settles it, and gives him some
allowance.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senate by a very
large vote agreed to pay a certain sum of
money to Mr. Trist, with interest on a portion
of it. The^IIouse of Representatives hasStruck
out the interest, the effect of which, I believe,
will be to save to the Government about
thirteen thousand dollars. The friends of
Mr. Trist agree to this amendment, because he
is a very old man, and a small sum now will
be of great benefit to him; whereas, if it is put
off until another year, neither he nor the mem-
bers of his family will, perhaps, derive any
advantage from it.
Mr. SUMNER. Question on concurrence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is agreeable to my
friend from Massachusetts, I should like to ask
his kind consideration to let me look at this
bill before I am required to give unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. ' I hope the Senator will
pardon me, but I am inclined to think he is
not aware of the condition of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly the rea-
son, because I am not aware of it, that I wish
to have a chance to examine it.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to explain it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I hesitate; but as we are
in our last hours, if not minutes, and I feel
that it will be a pity to have this bill fail now
through any casual objection, if I may so say,
I appeal to the Senate to act at once. The
bill passed the Senate during the last Congress,
and went to the other House, which failed to
take it up. It was then introduced by myself
during the very earliest days of the present
Congress, and after some consideration it was
passed by a large vote, I think on the yeas and
nays. It was sent to the House of Represent-
atives and has beeu considered there. That
House has now passed it with an amendment,
striking out the provision allowing interest,
and it comes back from the House with that
amendment, and the question is on concur-
rence with the House in that amendment,
which is to diminish the allowance to this bene-
ficiary by striking out the interest. I hope
there will be no objection. Striking out the
interest, of course, closes the business.
Mr. MORTON. The bill ought to pass,
clearly.
Mr, SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I ask the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts again if he
has any special objection to my having an
opportunity to look into this matter?
Mr. SUMNER. I only fear that if the Sen-
ate takes time now, it may go over till next.
December, and possibly the beneficiary may
die in the mean time. "He gives twice who
quickly gives." If I did not most sincerely
believe that this claim should be allowed, the
Senator, I think, will do me the justice to say
that I would not press it. I know that it has
been carefully considered by a great many
Senators, and the Senator from Pennsylvania
tells the Senate now that he has the recom-
mendation of his committee at his back. I
will state to the Senator from Vermont pre-
cisely my anxiety. It is that if we interpose
delay now it may throw the bill over to the
next session, which I should deprecate very
much; and as the question is now simply on
concurring in the amendment of the House of
Representatives, which strikes out the allow-
ance of interest made by the Senate, I pro-
pose that we concur in that amendment, and
allow the bill to pass. I hope the Senator
from Vermont will make no objection to this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, if
my friend from Massachusetts is through, I
should like to say a word. He says—that seems
to be the substance of his statement—that I
ought not to understand from looking at the
papers precisely how this matter stands, be-
cause he has examined it and communicates
to me the facts upon which it proceeds. I
certainly shall do the honorable Senator the
justice to say that I have not the least doubt
he has examined the facts, but he must par-
don me if I say that I represent the people of
Vermont and he does not 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
Mr. EDMUNDS. hope the Senator will
be kind enough to wait a moment. 1 was say-
ing that I represent the people of Vermont,
and that it is from the pockets of that people,
as poor as they are—for they, I believe, con-
tribute their share to-the Treasury—that a part
of this sum is to be paid. It is their business,
therefore, which requires me to know what
this bill is before I allow it to be taken up by
unanimous consent on the statement of gen-
tlemen who are entirely entitled to confidence;
there is no doubt about that. I hope, there-
fore, I shall be excused, and if I am not
excused I shall have performed a simple duty
to myself and my constituents, if I say that at
this present moment I object until I can look
at the papers.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether it requires
unanimous consent now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does
under the rule under which the Senate is act-
ing j and the consideration of this bill being
objected to, it is not before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Chair is aware that
this bill was passed by the Senate before the
adoption of the rule.
Mr. CAMERON. If Senators will allow
me, I wish to make a suggestion. If we ad-
journ to day we have but very little time to
spare, and it is absolutely necessary to have
an executive session, and I suggest that while
we are in executive session the Senator from
Vermont and other gentlemen can look at this
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, that will do.
Mr. CAMERON. I move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to offer a res-
olution.
Mr. HILL. Before the motion is put I
should like to be allowed to 
Mr. CAMERON. I cannotgive way to any
debate.
Mr. HILL. I will oecupy no time.
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania declines to yield. The
motion which he has made is not debatable.
It is that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
The objection to action on the House amend-
ments to the bill (S. No. 178) for the relief of
Nicholas P. Trist was subsequently withdrawn,
and the amendments were concurred in.
wisewjsll barracks.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, and by
unanimous consent, before the doors were
closed, the bill (H. R. No. 425) to authorize
the Secretary of War to give Wisewell bar-
racks to the Beulah Baptist church was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY OF NEW MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. NYE,*and by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. N*o. 426) for conven-
ing the next Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, and for other purposes,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill ^pro-
poses to authorize the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico to convene on the first
Monday of December, 1871; and provides that
an election for the members of both branches
of the Legislature be authorized to be held on
the day of the next general election under
the existing laws of the Territory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third tyne, and passed.
Message i-rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted upon its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropria-
tions for the payment of additional clerks and
messengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes; that it further insisted upon its
amendments to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill, agreed to the further con-
ference asked by the Senate On the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes of Massachu-
setts, Mr. Burton C. Cook of Illinois, and
Mr. William E. Nibi.ack of Indiana man-
agers at the conference on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the hill (S. No. 29) amending an
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, approved July 14, 1870.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of twelve thousand five hundred
additional copies of the report of the Smith-
sonian Institution for the year 1870.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 116) concerning the cbmpen-
sation of the collector of customs for the dis-
trict of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 232) to enable the Houghton
and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road ;
A bill (S. No. 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage its
road ;
A bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard;
A bill (S. No. 257) to amend the act approved
June 16, 1862, entitled "An act providing for
the selection of jurors to serve in the several
courts of the District of Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secretary
of the Tfeasury to convey the United StatSS
