810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to the
trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College for educational purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 294) for the relief of the
inhabitants of the town of Areata, in Hum-
boldt county, California.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after three hours
and fifty minutes spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented. a petition of
twenty citizens of Chillicothe, Ohio ; a peti-
tion of fourteen citizens of Vincennes, Indiana;
and a petition of forty-ninecitizens of Boston,
Massachusetts, representing that in their opin-
ion the laws relating to the collection of inter-
nal revenue should be reformed, and praying
for such reformation of those laws by Congress
as shall deprive any officer of the revenue of
the power to deprive any citizen of his rights
to property withouVdue process of law j which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
petition of James Crutchett, Warren Waugh,
William Wise, Nicholas Acker, and various
other citizens of Washington, representing that
there is great suffering to property, much dam-
age and personal inconvenience, on account
of the streets being obstructed, improvements
stopped, and property made valueless, in con-
sequence of the Washington branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad using the land
adjacent to the Capitol. They represent that
petitions to this and the other House have
been presented at the present session repre-
senting beyond thirty million dollass, and they
ask that Congress shall take such action in the
premises as may be necessary. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator how a petition represents
$30,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They are
signed by parties who own that amount of
property—not this one petition, but petitions
that have been presented to this and the other
House on this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. Isthe petition any heavier
011 that account ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know its effect. That fact tKey state, and I
merely recite it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It re-
quires unanimous consentto refer the petition.
The Chair hears no objection ; and it will be
referred.
Mr. BOREMAN. What is the proposition ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has offered a petition and
he asks that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. The Chair
hears no objection ; and it is so referred.
streets near the capitol.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I report from
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds the plan agreed upon by the com-
missioners for grading the streets in the vicin-
ity of the Capitol; and I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Itesohed, That the report of the commissioners, in
accordance with the resolution of the Senate and
House of Representatives, approved July 14,1870,
for establishing the grades of the streets and avenues
in the vicinity of tho Capitol be deposited in the
office of the officer in charge of the public buildings
and grounds, and that he be directed to have a copy
ot the satno made and delivered to the board of
public works of the city of "Washington, District of
•Columbia,
I suppose there will be no objection to this
resolution. I presume the report is valid with
oat this, but it seems to be proper to pass such
a resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, uud agreed to, -
smithsonian report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That twelve
thousand five hundird additional copies of the re-
port of the Smithsonian Institution for the year
1870 be printed; twentv-five hundred of which shall
be for the use ot the Senate, five thousand for tho
use of the House, and five thousand for the use of
the Institution: Provided, That the aggregate num-
ber of pages of said report shall not exceed four
hundred and fifty, and that there shall be no illus-
trations except those furnished by the Smithsonian
Institution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I believe that is the usual
resolution on that subject. It has the concur-
rence of all the members of the joint Com-
mittee on Printing of whose opinions I am
aware. I presume there will be no objection
to patting it on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the Senate
concur in this resolution.
The resolution was concurred in.
brooklyn navy-yard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives :
jResolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Pres-
ident is hereby requested to organize a commission
composed of Army and Navy officers, five in Dum-
ber, to examine and report to Congress on or before
the 20th of December next:
First. Upon the propriety of removing the Brook-
lyn navy-yard from its present site and selling the
land connected with the yard and the marine hos-
pital, and the probable sum that could be realized
to the Government by such sale.
I Second. Upon the propriety, incase ofnaid removal,
; of constructing a new yard, and, if deemed advis-
I able, where the same, in their judgment, should be
j located; also, the estimated cost of a suitable site,
; and of construction.
j t Third. Upon the propriety of building a new ma-
1 rine hospital in case of the removal of the one at
I Brooklyn, where it should be located, and the esti-
mated cost thereof.
Mr, EDMUNDS. II|Ji that lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over.
kansas cherokee lands
Mr. POMERGY. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate, once more before Congress ad-
journs, for the passage of Senate bill No. 272,
to provide for the sale of certain Indian lands
in Kansas, known as the Cherokee strip, re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I have asked unanimous consent once or twice,
but it has been postponed from time to time.
I ask that the bill be now considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Before the reading was concluded,
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
19) making appropriations for the payment of
additional clerks and messengers in the Pen-
sion Office, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R, No. 320) to enforce
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes, asked a further conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Samuel Shel-
labargsr of Ohio, Mr. Luke P. Poland of
Vermont, and Mr. \V, C. Whitthorne of
Tennessee, managers at the conference on its
part.
enrolled bills stoned.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bili (S. No. 20) amending an act to reduce*
internal taxes, and for other purposes, approved
July 14, 1870;
A bill (S. No. 178) for the relief of Nicholas
P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo ;
A bill (H. R. No. 425) to authorize the
Secretary of War to give Wiseweh barracks
to the Beulah Baptist church; and
A bill (H. R. No. 426) for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, aud for other purposes.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Resolved* That the Senate further insist on its
amendments to the said bill, and agree to the fur-
ther conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr.
Thurman.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropriations for the
payment of additional clerks and messengers in tho
tension Office, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and tree conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 18, 21, 32, 49, 50,63, and 64.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 22, 38, 40, 45, and 47, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the first clause of the amendment of the House
to the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the samein the manner following, to wit: strike out
all of said clause, and substitute "that all books,
records, papers, and documents relative to transac-
tions of or with the late so-called government of tho
confederate States, or the government ot any State
lately in insurrection, now m the possession or which
may at any time come into the possession of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or of any Department
thereof, may be resorted to for information by the
board of commissioners of claims created by act ap-
proved March 8,1871, and copies thereof duly certi-
fied by the officer having custody of tue same fcliall
be treated with the like force and effect as the ori-
ginals;'3 and the House agree to the same. And that
the Senate agree to the second clause of the amend-
ment of the House to said fifth amendment of tho
Senate with the following amendment: in line two
of said clause strike out the word "twenty" and
insert in lieu the word "twelve;" and the House
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the seventeenth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: at the end of said
House amendment add the following words: "and
said board shall be held to be an existing board for
all tho purposes specified in theacttoprovideagov-
ernment for the District of Columbia from and after
the appointment and qualification of the members
thereofand the House agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede trom their disagreement
to the amendment of tho House to the thirty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said amendment of the Senate.
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the forty-second
amendment of the Senate,and agree to the satno
with an amendment, as follow.-,: at the end of said
Hou-je amendment add the following words: "and.
for one thousand copies of the Constitution of the
United States, with the rules of the Senate, compiled
by William J. McDonald, under u resolution of tho
Senate of March 14, 1871, $1,000;'-' and tho House
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-sixth amendment ot the Senate, and agree
fro the same with the following amendments: in line
two of fcaid amendment, alter th& word "associa-
tion,'' insert the word "condemned;" and in lino
