1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
gentlemen ia a more important attitude than
they would otherwise be able to maintain.
There is no business into which a man can go
in thif, country so profitable as that of martyr-
dom, If a man can keep himself in that posi-
tion, if he can only get himself looked upon as
a martyr by somebody, he immediately enlists
the sympathies of people about him; and I
believe it is very much so in 
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman think
a man is a martyr who is not allowed to hold
office in this country ?
Mr, POLAND. That is so; I believe my
friend will agree with me in that. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Then we have a noble
army of martyrs.
Mr. POLAND. It is certainly looked upon
in that light; and I do not think these gentle-
men in the South are at all peculiar in that
respect. I think that is an idea as prevalent in
the North as in the South; that this is a spe-
cies of martyrdom. I think that idea attaches
to all these men in the South who labor under
these disabilities; that it adds to the import-
ance of those men, thus exerting a baleful
influence upon the South, and preventing our
efforts to restore peace and harmony there.
As I have already said, it is not a question of
desert—not a question whether they deserve or
not to labor under disabilities. But we have
now come together with one common national
family, and the question is how are we to live
together in peace? My idea is that the sooner
we can wipe out all these causes of irritation
and discontent the sooner we shall have a sat-
isfactory state of peace in the country.
Mr. BECK. I believe I have now ten min-
utes of my time remaining.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ten
minutes left of his hour.
Mr. BECK. I will yield five minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. This question has been dis-
cussed as if it were a question of punishment,
or of continuing punishment, for the crime of
rebellion. Universal amnesty, universal par-
don, has already been established in regard to
the late rebellion. What we have before us
to-day is a question simply of proper qualifi-
cations for office; nothing else. We permit
no person under the age ot twenty-one to hold
office in this country; not that there are not
many persons of twenty who are qualified, and
many persons of thirty or fifty years that are
not qualified to hold office, but because, as a
rule, a person under twenty-one years of age
does not possess the necessary maturity of
intellectual powers to exercise the functions
of public office in a manner conducive to the
public interest. We do not permit a man under
twenty-five years of age to bo a Representa-
tive ; we do not permit a man under thirty
years of age to be a Senator ; we do not per-
mit a man under thirty-five years of age, or a
man of foreign birth to be President of the
United States, because we cannot be assured
that a person educated in attachment to a for-
eign Government possesses the necessary devo-
tion to our own which makes it safe as a rule
to intrust him with the large administrative
power of the President.
So this constitutional provision declares that
a person who has raised his hand against the
flag, who has sought to destroy the Govern-
ment, and committed perjury in the execution
of that purpose, is not to be presumed to pos-
sess the necessary attachment to this Govern-
ment without a special examination into his
case and a finding by two thirds of Congress
that he has changed his mind, and that it is
safe for the Government to intrust him with its
administrative, or legislative, or judicial func-
tions. This is the theory upon which the con-
stitutional exclusion from office proceeds; it
does not rest upon the theory of punishment.
Now, it is said that it is necessary to adopt
this bill for the pacification of tile South, Bat,
on the contrary, does not the experience of
the past five years show that just as fast and
just in proportion as we have relieved dis-
abilities, just so fast these outrages and muT-
ders_ of loyal citizens have increased ? In pro-
portion as you are lenient and generous are
these_ men in the South cruel and murderous.
It is said, too, that the disqualified persons
at the South are not responsible for the out-
rages of which we have all heard. Mr. Speaker,
in thecrime of murder every citizen who does
not raise his voice or his hand to prevent or
arrest the murderer is an accomplice before
or after the fact. I remember that when, years
ago, a murder was committed in the town of
Dedham, Massachusetts, Fisher Ames, the
great orator of that community, said, "Let
no man sleep in Dedham while the murderer
is at large."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. HOAR. I have riot the time. I prefer
not to be interrupted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My question simply
is with reference to the matter of citizenship,
whether if the gentleman himself were deciti-
zenized he would regard himself as responsible
in a matter of this kind?
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, it will not be
difficult for any southern man who has changed
his mind to obtain a remission of his disabili-
ties by a two-thirds vote of Congress.
Mr. PLATT. "Will the gentleman permit
me to ask a single question ?
Mr. HOAR. I cannot yield.
Mr. PLATT. I only want to say 
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman occu-
pying the floor declines to be interrupted the
Chair presumes that the gentleman seeking to
interrupt him will take his seat.
Mr. PLATT. I understood the gentleman
to yield.
Sir. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, it is said that
these were misguided men, having a divided
loyalty; an allegiance to their State and also
to their nation, who simply obeyed what they
deemed to be their paramount duty to their
State. But, sir, in point of fact a large num-
ber of those persons whom it is sought to re-
lieve were citizens of Kentucky, of Maryland,
of Missouri, of Delaware—States that never
went into the rebellion as States. When these
men raised their hands against, the flag they
did it simply because they hated the liberty
of which it was the symbol. The Missourian,
the Kentuckian, the Marylander, the Delawar-
ian who committed both perjury and treason,
did it from no State love, no State devotion,
but because they hated and desired to destroy
everything of which the national flag is the
symbol.
But, Mr. Speaker, Congress has not time to
deal with this question to-day. While the
blood of our brethren of the South cries to us
from the ground, while your laws provide no
adequate protection against murder, while the
American citizen is not safe in his home on
American soil, let no other business be in order
until we have devised a remedy. There is
another sort of disability which needs first to be
removed, the disability of Republican mem-
bers on this floor to visit their homes, the dis-
ability of loyal men to dwell in peace under
their own roof-tree. When these are removed
it will be time to consider the question of arm-
ing men who have raised their hand against the
national life with the powers of that Govern-
ment they have just sought to destroy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECIv. i would be obliged to the Chair
if he would notify me when I am within a min-
ute of the expiration of my time, so that I
may demand the previous question. And now.
sir, [ only desire to say but a few words.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I appeal to the
gentleman from Kentucky, and to his side of
the House, that they will not eut off this de-
bate at the expiration of one more five-minutes
speech, This is an important question, and
what we have already heard ha3 only intensi-
fied the interest felt in it. We should at least
have an hour's more time for debate.
Mr. BECK. _ I will be obliged to call the
previous question, because my hour will ex-
pire, and I cannot afford to let the opportunity
slip from my hand to keep this question before
the House, There will be an hour after the
previous question has been seconded, and I
can tell gentlemen that I will not take any
of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform
the gentleman from Kentucky that he will not
be entitled to an hour after the previous ques-
tion has been moved, as that only applies to
bills reported from committees.
Mr. BECK. I only say that I will not
occupy any further time.
Mr. HOAR. Is it competent for the House
now to arrange this matter, so as to allow
further debate?
Mr. BECK. I do not care to lose every
moment of the five minutes I have left. .
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair will not deduct
this from the gentleman's time.
Mr. HO Alt. Is it competent for the House
to extend this debate?
Mr. RANDALL. We will allow the gen-
tleman to print. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The House can do so by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is it not competent, by unani-
mous consent, to allow further time for debate
now before the previous question has been
seconded?
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope some arrange-
ment will be made to allow further time for
debate—an hour, or half an hour at least.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that unanimous
consent will be given for further debate, with
the agreement that the vote shall be taken this
afternoon before we adjourn.
The SPEAKER. In that case the gentle-
man from Kentucky would be recognized at
the hour fixed for taking the vote without
there being any call for the previous question.
If the House permits the debate to run on,
fixing the time at which the vote is to be
taken, the Chair would then give the floor to
the gentlemau from Kentucky, no matter who
might be occupying it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If debate is to run
on, let us limit it to ten-minutes speeches to
each member, because some gentleman might
take the floor and occupy it for an hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 suggest that we agree,
by unanimous consent, the vote shall be taken
at four o'clock this afternoon, and that from
this time until then the speeches be limited to
ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. The floor then to be
yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky to
call the previous question.
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to that
arrangement if the previous question be first
ordered.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is that
the vote shall be taken on the bill at that time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Taken
on the bill.
Mr. BECK. If the House sustain the de-
mand for the previous question, and the
final vote on the bill shall be taken at four
o'clock, I am satisfied.
The SPEAKER. As the bill now stands,
the pending motion is to reconsider. The bill
is not before the House, and in its present
state is not amendable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to suggest that the vote on reconsideration be
taken at four o'clock, and that there be ten-
minutes speeches until then.
Mr. BECK. I wish it to be put in such con-
dition as not to be open to all sorts of amend-
ments. I want it adopted as it is.
Mr, MAYNARD. The question now before
