812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
a caveat against our being forced into a posi-
tion of this kind.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wish to add a word or
two as a member of the conference committee
for the purpose of stating my own position in
reference to this turning point upon this report.
It will be remembered that when the ques-
tion of concurrence in the former report was
before the Senate, there were but three amend-
ments that were discussed to any extent: that
of the park, that of this provision with refer-
ence to the commission of claims, and that
with reference to the appropriation for the
Sisters of Mercy at Charleston. My own posi-
tion was that that claim, or charity, or dona-
tion, or whatever else you may call it, to the
Sisters of Mercy at Charleston was one that
ought not to be made. The conference com-
mittee succeeded in arranging all the other
questions that had been discussed before the
Senate until we came to that, and we got to a
point upon that where we had to determine
whether we would sacrifice the whole bill or
agree to that appropriation.
Whatever may be said about this special
appropriation, as long as we continue this
vicious system of introducing into appropria-
tion bills matters that are foreign to them,
general legislation, I suppose every confer-
ence committee will be brought to look at the
practical question of whether they will obsti-
nately determine to have everything as they
would wish to have it, or yield to the best
that it is possible to get under the circum-
stances. I did not agree to the principle of
paying this money as a claim, or as a dona-
tion, or in any other light, but I simply yielded
to the alternative of doing that which I did
not approve in this bill for the purpose of
carrying through the bill as a whole, believing
that there were many other meritorious appro-
priations in it that ought not to be permitted
to fail. I did not give my -sanction to the
principle of that appropriation, but, on the
contrary, yielded to it in that view, that the
Senate might for themselves determine, when
it comes before them now, whether it is better
to pass the whole bill with that in it, or lose
the whole bill because that is in it.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Vermont has administered a good-natured
correction, but still a correction, to the man-
agers on the pare of the Senate, and I beg to
say, with equal kindness, to him that I dissent
from the principle, if it be one, or the doctrine,
if it be such, which he has stated as applicable
to committees of conference. Wherever a
committee comes together in consequence of
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, it is
palpable that the object is, and the necessity
is, that one House or the other should yield,
wholly or partly. Now, I submit to the Sen-
ator that there is no reason why one House
should not yield just as much as the other;
and especially, I submit, is this true of all
matters in difference resting in discretion. If
the House of Representatives were to insist on
some provision invading our privileges, upon
some provision amounting to an infraction of
the Constitution of the United States in the
judgment of the Senate, I admit that a good
case would arise for the application of the
principle of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont.
Here is a matter resting in discretion. No-
body, I take it, doubts the power, constitu-
tionally speaking, of the two Houses to make
this appropriation. It is a question, therefore,
addressed to the judgment and the sense of
the two bodies. It so happened, as we were
told by the managers on the part of the other
House, that that body, with very much more
unanimity than prevails here, pronounced em-
phatically in favor of this appropriation. We
know very well that the sense of the Senate
was divided in regard to it.
Mr. SAWYER and Mr. SHERMAN. There
w«iS a majority for it all tite time.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friends say
there was a majority for it always. I am not
so sure of that, any more than I was sure of
the correctness of the statement which I heard
yesterday, that the time was talked out, or else
the appropriation would have prevailed at the
last session. That is not precisely my recol-
lection, but it is unimportant now. Suffice it
to say that a large part of the Senate was in
favor of this appropriation.
Under those circumstances I beg to know
why it was that the managers on the part of
the Senate might not, as well as the managers
on the part of the House, yield the point?
There were other mattersin the bill originally,
touching which the House was very strenuous,
and a preceding committee of conference on
the part of the Senate had informed the House
managers that the Senate would not consent
to those particular provisions upon which the
House was inclined to insist. They surren-
dered them for thatreason, and I presume did
it without experiencing any discipline from
the House when they went there and made
that report. However, I am none the less dis-
posed to profit by the discipline which we have
received on this occasion here; but I beg to
say that in this case particularly, being a point
addressed to discretion, and not to conscience
as contradistinguished from legislative judg-
ment, we thought it was specially a case where
we should not beatlibertytoprostratethisbill,
to lose the bill in the usual phrase, for the sake
of insisting upon the very doctrine which we
might have held, and especially we felt in-
clined to take that position when the managers
on the part of the House abandoned nearly
half of the appropriation, bringing it down
from $20,000 to $12,000. _
Mr. COLE. Now I think we may have a
vote on the report. I have nothing further to
say if gentlemen do not wish to discuss it. If
there are no questions fee be asked, I will not
enter into the discussion, [''Question!"
" Question! "J
The PRESIDENT#™ tempore. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate agree to the report of
the committee of conference ?
The report was concurred in.
RECESS.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a little House bill
that has been sent here to correct an error in
the enrollment of a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
require unanimous consent, as there is a bill
pending.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow meto make an inquiry? I wish
to know what is the pleasure of the Senate
about the session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] has the
floor, but gave way informally for the business
which has just been transacted.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield to the Senator
from Ohio. He wants to have an evening
session, I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. Why have an evening ses-
sion?
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senate will
be willing to meet at ten o'clock to morrow,
or say nine o'clock if you please, or any time
to-morrow, that will save the necessity of a
night session.
Mr. CONKLING-. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator. He may not know that
the House has taken a recess until half past
seven o'clock, the House and the Senate being
now in precisely the same situation, namely,
each having a new committee upon the so-
called enforcement bill, the purpose being to
enable the members of that committee conven-
iently to meet and arrange the only point in
difference between the two Houses, and get
their dinners and Come backathaif pastseven
o'clock, when doubtless a -very brief Session
will conclude the whole business which awaits
us.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it may be a very
brief conference. I am as anxious as anybody
that this session shall terminate, but we know
how it was this morning. We met at twelve
o'clock, thinking, as the House of Represe-
ntative met at half past ten, that we could
soon dispose of the matter. We know how it
was the other day. We waited on that confer-
ence committee much longer than anybody
supposed we should have to wait for them. My
own belief about it is that it would be as well
to meet to-morrow at ten o'clock in the morn-
ing, and I am willing to fix the time of adjourn-
ment at any hour anybody almost may name;
but I do not think we ought to meet to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. That is better. Let the
Senator make that motion, that we adjourn
until to-morrow at ten o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet
to morrow at ten o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe one objection
prevents that motion being put, and I object
to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there is force in
what the Senator from New York has said
touching the propriety of meeting this even-
ing. There is now only one subject open,
under the rule which we have adopted, for
our consideration. I hope we shall be able
to dispose of that subject to-night. Therefore,
I move that the Senate take a reces3 until half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right; let us do
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Howisthat? TheSeu-
ator from New York said my motion could not
be made without unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. A motion to adjourn to
a different time from that fixed by the Senate
I believe cannot be made to day without unan-
imous consent, for it violates the rule, and I
object to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the rule was
adopted '"unless otherwise ordered," with a
view of allowing us to change it.
Mr. CONKLING. That has been repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of its
being repealed, and I insist that the motion is
in older.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is correct. The order fixing
the hour of meeting was "unless otherwise
ordered."
Mr. THURMAN. Then I insist on my
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
the Senate deciding this question without any
point of order. If the Senate see fit to pro-
long this session from day to day, and adjourn
over and over and over, a majority can do it,
and I have no objection to their trying the
experiment if they wish to do it; but I think
the motion to take a recess, continuing this
present session, has precedence in point of
time over the motion to adjourn to any other
time than simply one of adjourning. About
that there can be no doubt, and therefore I
make the motion that the Senate now take a
recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. My motion was made first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not make any
difference.
The PUBS I DENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Vermont will take prece-
dence of the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
because it relates to the current business of
the session.
Mr. CAMERON. If we take a recess now
we shall be able to finish the business of the
session to-night, and if we do not, we shall be
compelled to spend another day here. Now,
I&m anxious to go home to-morrow morning,
