108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
■ayes
Sen-
vote reconsidered, and the motion to recon-
sider laid upon the table.
Mr. DICKEY. Not tc be brought back by
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. MAYNARD. _ I object.
Mr. COX. No business can be done to-day
if we cannot have a_ bill referred not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot that be done by
a vote of the House?
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to introduce the bill, and the bill is
not before the House.
ADJOURNMENT OYEIt.
Mr. RANDALL, I submit a privileged
motion, that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to Friday next, and that when it
adjourns on the latter day it be to meet on the
following Monday.
Mr. ELDRIDGrB. Is it in order to move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the
bill of the gentleman from Kentucky was
rejected?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
vote on the prevailing side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I voted with the majority.
The SPEAKER. But not on the prevailing
side.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
adopt the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. The Senate voted down
our proposition to adjourn on Wednesday next.
Mr. DAWES. That is no reason why we
should not meet here.
Mr. RANDALL. It is a notice to the Sen-
ate that we do not mean to legislate.
The House divided ; and there werc-
80, noes 81.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the
ate—-
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDlllDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Killinghu were appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the Repub-
lican portion of the Senate meet in caucus
to-night to determine this question of adjourn-
ment, and I therefore withdraw my resolution.
OUDKll 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask unanimous consent to allow a bill to be
printed, referred, and not brought back.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. BUTLEIt, of Massachusetts. I shall
ask that objection be withdrawn against refer-
ring Mr. Beck's bill. I think it will be done.
It is for the information of all concerned that
my bill should be printed 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let Mr.
JJwk'h bill in, and then we will let yours in.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All right;
fair play.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not allow this
thing to bo log roiled through. I think it is a
corrupt arrangement.
RCTKilENClM ItliCONjSIDKIlKD.
Mr. FARNSWORTII moved to reconsider
all references to-day; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON IMMIGRATION.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing :
lie it rcmlve.l ly the House of llcpresenfativi's of the
biuied is'ntei, (the Senate concurring,) That fifteen
thousand exlr.i. copies ot the report of the chief of
the Bureau of Statistics on the subject of immigra-
tion, with the accompanyingpapers, bo printed, two
thousand copies for the use ot the House, two thou-
sand copies for the use of the Semite, one thousand
-copies, bound, for the use of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and ten thousand copies for distribution in
iljurope by tiie Treasury .bep.u'rnuint,
MONTANA INDIANS.
Mr, WORMSli3, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to furnish this House "with a Copy of the
charges made by M. M. MeCauley, late agent for
the }i tack foot Indians in the Territory of Montana,
against A. J. Yiall, superintendent of Indian affairs
for said Territory, with the reply of said "Viall to
said charges; also, the letter of Colonel Gibbons to
Mr. Welsh, under date of February 21, relative to
the distribution of annuity goods to said Indians,
now on file in tho Indian department.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table and put upon
its passage the bill (S. No. 179) to amend an
act to establish the Smithsonian Institution for
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men, approved August 10, 1846.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and readafirst
and second time. The bill proposes to amend
the act of August 10, 1846, by striking out in
the first section the words " mayor of the city
of Washington" and inserting " Governor of
the District of Columbia," and by making the
same change in the third section of the act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question. I move to reconsider
the vote whereby the House rejected the bill
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
for the removal of political disabilities, for the
purpose of moving that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BECK. I do not care about that. If
it is expected that I am to withdraw any objec-
tion to the bill of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] I shall not do it in
that way. 1 would rather take my chance
next Monday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
the House to understand what I propose. 1
am not asking leave to introduce this hill. But
there fire many gentlemen who want to see it
in print, and I am to ask leave to have it
printed.
Mr. BECK. If it is not brought before the
House in any way or before any committee, if
the object is merely to have the bill printed,
I have no objection to that. But I would
object to any reference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. VOORHEES. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] simply desires his
bill to be printed——
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I merely
desire to have it printed for the information
of members.
Mr. VOORHEES. Liet my colleague [Mr.
Holmax] permit me to make a suggestion.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] merely desires to have his bill
printed, without its being referred to any com-
mittee, I think we should not object to that
being done.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I simply
desire to have it printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
order the bill to the printed, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Air. Butleb] meanwhile
having leave to keep the bill in his own pos-
session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
willing to agree to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the regular
ord@r>
Mr; ELDRIDGE. I am willing for one that
the gentleman should have the bill printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. COX. Let it be printed at General
Butler's expense.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to.
Accordingly (at four o'clock and live min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &a., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Richard Kitson and 267 others,
manufacturers of machinery, praying that a
duty of sixty per cent, ad valorem be levied
on all importations of machinery manufac-
tured in part or in whole of iron or steel.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: Petitions of Robert
McQueen and J. H. Jaret, citizens of Lowndes
county, Alabama, asking the removal of their
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. CHAFFEE: The peti'tibn of Gus-
lave Elsbergand Jacob Amberg, for relief for
depredations committed upon their property
by Indians in New Mexico.
By Mr. FAItNS W ORTIT; The memorial of
Samuel McCarty, of Aurora, Illinois, on the
subject of saving the lives of passengers on
board of river steamers, &c.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of Anna A. McManus, widow of A.
C. McManus, late of Boston, Massachusetts,
who was killed while making repairs on board
the United States ship Kearsarge.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The memorial of Mrs.
Elizabeth Caldwell, mother of Alexander Cald-
well, deceased, private company F, third Ten-
nessee volunteers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Captain Paul Sturm,
company II, first Tennessee cavalry, praying
to be paid for his services.
Also, the memorial of John C. Griffin, late
second lieutenant company E, third Tennessee
volunteer cavalry, praying lor pay from the
date of his appointment and commission as
.such officer.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of C. F.
Laise and others, citizens of Berkeley county,
West Virginia, for compensation for property
destroyed during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. PACKARD : The petition of Mar-
tin D. Puckett, asking to be remunerated for
services as recruiting officer.
By Mr. PORTER: Thepetition of Benjamin
N. Cox and 59 others, citizens of the District
of Columbia, representing that they are en-
gaged in fishing in the waters of the Potomac
river, and that they arc subjected to great
inconvenience and loss in the prosecution of
such business in consequence of the conflict
itig laws and authorities of the States of Mary-
land and Virginia, each claiming the ric;ht to
control the commerce and fisheries, to the
exclusion ol the business operations of ci>i-
zens of other States. The petitioners therefore
request Congress to pass such laws as will
clearly define and settle the question as to the
rights of the fishermen ol the District to prose-
cute their calling in the waters of the Potomac,
and to provide remedies which may be en-
forced by appeals to the Supreme Court of the
united Stales.
Also, a similar petition from J. S. Cogs |
will, and 00 others, citizens of Alexandria,-.
Virginia.
By Mr. RITCHIE: Tho petition of the ves-
try of St. Paul's Protestant Bp iscopal church,
at Sharpsburg, Maiyland, praying compensa-
tion for injury to and use of church by the
Army (luring the rebellion.
