814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
of the Senator from Vermont supersedes that
of the Senator from South Carolina, and is
first, in order.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
insist upon it under the circumstances.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think I had
better do so.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not insist on his motion, inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from California desires to submit some
remarks. I shall object to the bill of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is willing to give way
to allow the Senator from California to submit
some remarks, I will not insist on my motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I notify the Senate
that they will not pass anything else if one
objection will lay it over.
Mr. COLE. The bill of the Senator from
South Carolina is objected to, and that is not.
therefore, before the Senate. I now ask the
Senator from Vermont to withdraw his motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Do I under-
stand that the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina is not before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is ob-
jected to, and therefore lies over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I give
way to the Senator from California.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
Mr. COLE. Some time ago I submitted a
resolution to print a certain number, fifty
thousand copies, I think, of the message and
documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage upon the subject of San Domingo. That
has not been reported upon. I move that, the
Committee on Printing be discharged from the
further consideration of that resolution, in
order to bring, it before the Senate.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
the Senator desired to submit some remarks to
the Senate. If he desires to bring up the mat-
ter for consideration and discussion I must
object to it.
Mr. COLE. I make this motion for the
purpose of bringing the resolution before the
Senate, in order that I may then submit some
remarks upon it; that is all. After that, the
Senator can move to recommit it again, if he
wishes to do so.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object to the
motion of the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from California is in order. A
single objection does not carry the motion
over. It requires a majority vote of the Sen-
ate to do so. The Senator from California
moves that the Coipmittee on Printing be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
resolution submitted by him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. On that motion
I ask for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
in favor of the motion .will rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Iam informed
that the Senator from California makes his
motion merely with a view to submit some
remarks, and not with a view to any action
of the Senate on the subject. I therefore
withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
California.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better take up
the resolution.
Mr. COLE. I suppose there will be no
objection to taking it up.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee is discharged from its further consider-
ation, and the resolution is before the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand copies of the mes-
sage of the President and the report of the commis-
sioners, relating to San Domingo, be punted for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it is so.
'• Truth crushed to earth will rise again." The
extreme delay, however, that sometimes at-
tends the development of truth and the con-
sequent illustration of this principle leads one
to doubt whether the saying may not be, after
all, merely the offspring of fancy, or a poetical
flourish, rather than a solid reality. The
faith of those who are friendly to the annexa-
tion of Santo Domingo has been put to the
severest possible test. Their confidence in
ever being able to relieve the measure from
that great mass of error and misrepresentation
which has been heaped upon it bad almost
failed, and their hopes had well-nigh perished,
when the report of the commissioners sent to
visit the island, and the accounts of those
gentlemen, in the various walks of life, who
had accompanied the commission, and, above
all, the admirable message of the President,
came to their relief.
The project had been freely characterized as
"a swindle," "a scheme," "a job," and in
fact by every other opprobrious epithet that
calumny could invent or slander devise. There
had apparently been system about this opposi
tion. it was evidently the result of delibera-
tion, and certainly seemed intended to wound
reputation. Whether the object was simply to
gain some paltry political advantage, or to
attain some end higher or lower than this, it is
not for me to say. I would speak more unre-
servedly upon this matter if I had not been to
some extent myself the subject of these vitu-
perations and misrepresentations. But the
tongue of slander will never cease to wag while
the spirit of calumny holds a place in the
human breast.
I make no reference, whatever, in these re-
marks, to those persons who in a manly, can-
did manner have opposed the annexation of
Dominica upon the merits, but to that other
class, that race of political harpies outside of
Congress, certainly outside of this body, who
have sought to besmear with filth the feast
to which they were invited, but were unfitted
by nature to enjoy.
In view of the extraordinary treatment to
which this question for the lastyear or two has
been subjected, the words of the President in
his message are like apples of gold in pictures
of silver. They will put to confusion so many
of his calumniators as are yet blessed with a
remnant of that sensibility which is supposed
to be the inheritance of our race. They are
to the point; conclusive and unanswerable.
All that has been said against the manner
in which the proposition was brought forward,
and all that has been repeated against those
who have been in any way instrumental in
bringing it forward, in short, all in the nature
of calumny and detraction that has been uttered
in connection with it, is, I trust, dispelled by
the unanimous testimony of the large number
of most worthy and competent gentlemen who
have but recently returned from the island.
The character of their evidence is strengthened
by the fact that their visit was made for the
express purpose of inquiry, and any plan,
therefore, to mislead them mustinevitably have
failed. 1 have no hope that the entire press
of the country will unite in making the amende
honorable, for among the newspapers, as in
politics and in war, there are Bohemians whose
sense of justice cuts no figure in the presence
of their selfishness or their malevolence. An
attempt to convert such from the error or
wickedness of their ways, either by the use of
arguments or facts, would be as vain as it
would be ungrateful. But the antidote has at
last been applied to their poison, the sting of
their calumny has been extracted, and we can
hereafter discuss the pure question of the an-
nexation of Santo Domingo on its merits, free
from the embarrassment of suspicion that all
sorts of wrong was involved in it.
Like all preceding questions of the same
nature that have arisen during our brief but
eventful history it ought to be considered with
simple reference to its influence, whether for
good or evil, upon the nation at large. This
is about the only point of view from which it
can properly be considered by any patriot or
statesman.
The West Indies was the name by which the
entire New World was known for many years
following its discovery by Christopher Colum-
bus. This designation was afterward reduced
in its application to those islands which stretch
like stepping-stones quite across from North
to South America, east of the Gulf of Mexico
and the Caribbean sea. The number of those
islands is immense, and their total area hut
little short of a hundred thousand square miles.
They are all above the tenth degree of north
latitude, and some of them as far north as the
twenty-seventh degree, or north of portions
of Florida and Texas. They occupy a still
wider space in longitude, extending, as they
do, from the sixty-second to the eighty-fifth
degree west from Greenwich.
These islands are as closely identified with
America proper, and are really as much a part
of the New World, as any portion of the conti-
nent. Their products are essentially the same
as those of the tropical portions of South and
North America and their inhabitants not alto-
gether dissimilar. The rules of government
and political doctrines that would befit people
on the mainland would apply, with almost
equal force, to the inhabitants of those islands,
except that the islands have a little advantage,
as a general thing, in salubrity of climate, in
soil, and in diversity of scenery. If it be true
that the character of political institutions is
absolutely controlled by the circumstances
of climate, productions, &c., the same sort
of government that would serve on the con-
tinent would not be greatly out of place in
these neighboring islands. But further upon
this after awhile, if time serves ; more import-
ant considerations demand attention first, and
I pass to them.
Prom the day of their discovery the West
Indies have been a remarkably conspicuous
portion of the earth's surface. For nearly a
century they remained the chief object of at-
traction to all persons visiting the New World.
Expeditions of different kinds were fitted out
from here to other parts, and no voyager
thought of passing them by. From the city
of Santo Domingo, which was forages the fore-
most city of the western continent, sailed the
expeditions of De Soto, Cortez, and Pizarro,
and out of the abundance of these islands
nearly all the preparations for these expedi-
tions were made.
The West Indies have contributed largely,
and without cessation, to the necessities, com-
forts, and luxuries of the civilized world. Their
products have supplied the tables and adorned
the dwellings of the rich and the poor alike in
all countries. They have been sought after
indiscriminately by monarch and peasant.
A stream of wealth, about as unfailingas the
Gulf stream, has continued for centuries to
flow out from these islands, and, striking the
nearest shore of the eastern world, has spread
over all lands. Each of the three great Powers
of western Europe has striven earnestly for
itself to gather in this current, and each has
in a measure succeeded. Neither Spain,
France, nor England has for one moment
been unmindful of the advantages arising from
its possession, and each of these Powers has
managed with scrupulous zeal to maintain a
portion of it. This rivalry has been manifest
from time to time through negotiations and
diplomacy, and not unfrequently by warlike
demonstrations. Neither nation has ever been
without its powerful naval armament in the
waters of the West Indies, and each has always
maintained a respectable position there.
The possessions of Spain and England in
this archipelago are still very large, and those
of France not inconsiderable; but France lost
the better portion of her possessions by the
establishment of independence in Hayti, which
occurred about the year 1805. But France
