1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
has never ceased to cherish with great soli-
citude her little treasures, so to speak, of
Guadeloupe and Martinique.
The possessions of Spain in the West Indies
are Cuba, Porto Rico, the Isle of Pines, and
menv other smaller islands contiguous to these.
Tho islands of Great Britain iu the West Indies
arc almost innumerable, and are interspersed
throughout the whole archipelago. Begin-
ning with Jamaica, we might run through a
long list, as Trinidad, Barbadoes, Grenada,
Tobago, St. Vincent, St. Lucia, Antigua, Nevis,
Turk's Island, Virgin Island, the Bahama
islands, and by no means omitting New Prov-
idence, which, though one of the least, we have
perhaps the greatest reason to remember as
the oue in which is situated the little town of
Nassau, from which issued forth blockade-run-
ners by the score during our recent rebellion.
These blockade-runners did us more injury a
hundred-fold than the best island in the group
would have cost us.
Conspicuous among the islands that belong
to Holland are St. Martin's and Curaijoa.
Sweden has her St. Bartholomew, and Den-
maik can boast her SantaCruz, her St. John's
and St. Thomas. The latter and least in size
of the three, and probably least in value also,
she offered to transfer to us a few years ago
for the snug little sum of $7,000,000 in gold.
This was at the rate of about one thousand
dollars per acre, including sand-banks, and
there is little else than .sand-banks of St.
Thomas. The impression was abroad that we
should at least get a secure harbor in the bar-
gain, but even that delusion was dispelled by
the occurrence of a hurricane soon after the
negotiations, which destroyed the shipping in
the harbor, including, I believe, a part of our
own West, India squadron, which happened to
be lying at anchor there at the time. The
amazing thing about this matter is, and it is
amazing, that the proposition to purchase St.
Thomas was favorably considered, while there
is untiring opposition to taking Santo Domingo
almost as a free gift. To have rejected St.
Thomas as a gift and to have accepted a propo-
sition to purchase the Dominican republic at
seven times seven million dollars would have
been, iu my judgment, much more reasonable.
Geographically considered Santo Domingo is
exactly the central one of all the West India
islands. A line drawn through the group in
almost any direction will intersect it. It is
beyond all question the focal point, and occu-
pies the commanding position in reference to
the whole of them, it is so in reference to
the most cherished possessions of Spain, Eng-
land, France, Denmark, Holland, and Sweden,
and it is the only one of them all that is not
to-day under some European flag. The rest,
without exception, are but the outlying de-
pendencies of a bevy of crowned heads, and
these islands serve as convenient greenhouses,
conservatories, and gardens for the monarchies
of the Old World. 1 spoke of them as depend-
encies. This is, perhaps, an inaccuracy. The
dependency is on the other hand. Europe
relies upon them, rather than they upon Eu-
rope. in the sense only that the slave is
dependent upon his master, are they dependent
upon their owners. They are supplied with a
government from across the ocean, but in
return they supply their owners with the lux-
uries and the comforts of civilized life without
stint and almost without price. Am I asked,
are they content under these circumstances?
Are they pleased with this condition of things?
By no means. But, with the example before
them of almost immeasurable cost in men and
money, and unparalleled sacrifices incurred by
the people of Hayti and Dominica in throwing
off a foreign yoke, few of the islands have had
the temerity to undertake it.
In Cuba revolutionary movements have been
frequent, but never successful; and it is not to
be wondered at that others of these colonies,
less able to contend against the strong Powers
of Europe, have lacked the courage to begin
the work. Their ability to do so has been
persistently forestalled by keeping them dis-
armed, and depriving them of all the means
of vindicating their natural rights. Their
European task-masters have perpetually ap-
propriated the native vigor of the West Indies
to the augmentation of their own strength, and
these rich colonies have systematically been
kept in abject poverty. Santo Domingo alone
of all those islands has had the courage to
throw off the domination of Europe, and to
assume among the nations of the earth a sep-
arate and independent existence.
It is observed that nearly every commercial
nation has a foot hold in the West Indies ex-
cept the United States of America alone.
Of all the thousands of islands of every size
and description stretching off from our own
shores two thousand miles toward the equator
we own not one, great or small. If it were
only a matter of pride, the grand Republic
should not be without its possession there.
But it is more than a question of pride. It is
a question of the highest interest; it is 110
less than a question of national safety, and,
more than all, a question of humanity. Lib
erty and the development of free institutions
are involved in the propositibn. The final over-
throw of that crowning curse of our race,
human slavery, is intimately associated with
it; and that humanitarian who opposes it will
require a large share of ingenuity to harmon
ize altogether his course with a reputation for
love of the human race.
Not only is Santo Domingo centrally located
in reference to the West India group, but it
lies directly between the islands of Cuba and
Porto Rico, the only ones upon which still lin-
gers that first-born and most vigorous of the
twin-sisters of barbarism, Afiicau servitude.
Situated no more than forty miles from either
of these Spanish neighbois, it would only be
necessary to plant that real emblem of free-
dom, as it has become at last, the stars and
stripes, upon a portion of Santo Domingo to
drive human bondage forever into the circum-
jacent sea. I should expect it to flee as pre-
cipitately as did the herd of swine we read
of in Scripture when taken possession of by
iniquity in another form.
It is not left altogether to conjecture that
old Spain regards the union of Dominica with
us as fatal to her institutions iu the West
Indies. Since ours has become a free Republic
it is no longer possible to preserve a sound and
genuine friendship and good neighborhood
with her. As well expect to blend fire and
water and to preserve both as to maintain
harmony in the proximity of such discordant
elements as liberty and slavery.
Not only does Spain see in our acquisition
of that country the destruction of slavery in
Cuba and Porto Rico, but also, and almost as
speedily, the loss of those islands themselves;
and if she has not resorted to every species of
strategy to prevent such a consummation she
has not evinced her usual cunning. I doubt
not she has done far more in that direction
than many of those who have lent her assist-
ance are at all conscious of. Once all South
and a large share of North America washers.
Province after province has wrested itself from
her grasp, till not one foot of land remains to
her on the continent. These islands alone,
of all her proud possessions, continue to pay
her tribute, and these likewise would fall from
her withering embrace if severed by our occu-
pation of Santo Domingo.
The acquisition by the United States of a sta-
tion in the West Indies is not a new proposition
by any means, nor is this project for the annex-
ation of Dominica one of very recent origin,
noryet did it originate with the present Admin-
istration. The thing was seriously considered
during the presidency of Mr. Tyler, also during
the presidency of Mr. Polk, during the Presi-
dency of Mr. Pierce, and under the administra-
tions of Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Johnson. And
there is hardly a doubt that it would have been j
acquired under some one or another of our
Democratic Administrations but for the cir-
cumstance that, negro slavery, which had been
abolished in Santo Domingo, then existed in
the United Stales. It was feared that the anti-
slavery infection, which had but recently swept
over the island, would spread in this country,
and consequently all propositions looking to
the union of the two republics were fiasjL)ly
ignored.
But, nevertheless, various steps were taken
by our Government, from time to time, with a
view to its consummation, or at least to the
acquisition of a sea-port in the West Indies,
which was always regarded as very desirable,
and the only obstacle to which seemed to be
the peril it would work to negro slavery within
our own borders. I do not intend to include
in this remark the failure of Mr. Seward's
attempt some four years ago, but will, after a
little, speak of that by itself.
On the 22d of February, 1845, Mr. John
Hogan was sent by the State Department as a
special agent, to Santo Domingo. The instruc-
tions given him were as follows:
"Tho points to which you will more particularly
direct your inquiries arc :
" First. The extent and limits of the territory over
which the Domimcau Government claims and exer-
cises jurisdiction.
" SecomI. The character and composition of its pop-
ulation, tho degree of intelligence among the bet-
ter portions of the people, and whether there is a
general spirit of unanimity among all classes and a
determination to maintain their independence.
" Third. The number, discipline, and equipment
of the troops, and what irregular or militia force
may be brought into tho field in an emergency.
"Fourth. The aggregate population of tho country
and tho proportions ol iJuropoan, African, and mixed
races; their mutual dispositions toward the existing
authorities, and tho names and characters of the
piincipal persons in the executive, judicial, and
legislative (leparrments ot the Government
"Ftfth. Tho liuancial system and resources of tho
republic, together with its foreign, coastwise, and
internal trade, and its connections, if any, with for-
eign Powers. In a word, your attention will be
directed to all tho points touched on in Mr. Cami-
nero's memoir, and to such other subjects as may bo
connected with the main object ot'your mission.
"You will be expected to communicate trom time
to time the progress of your inquiries, and to return
as speedily as possiblo to the United States, when
you will make your final report to this Department.
In no event will you remain more than six months
from tho date ot your departuro from tho United
Slates, unless specially directed by the Department,
in the mean time your compensation will be at tl) ■
rate of eight dollars a day, exclusive of your neces-
sary traveling expenses, of which you will keep a
regular account, sustained by pioper vouchers, in
order that it may be submitted to the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury."
This, it will be observed, was more than a
quarter of a century ago, and the year follow-
ing the achievement of independence by the
Dominican republic.
Dr. Caminero was the envoy of the new
republic to this country, and had addressed
several communications to our Government
urging the recognition of the independence
of his own. Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary of
State, finally commissioned Mr. Hogan to go
to the island and ascertain if the statements
of the envoy were really borne out by the facts.
The report of Mr. Hogan was made in Octo-
ber of the same year, and fully sustained in
every particular the glowing accounts that had
been given of the country by its own accred-
ited minister. The negotiations and the mis-
sion of Mr. Hogan did not appear upon their
surface to contemplate annexation to our coun-
try, but that such was an ultimate object will
hardly be doubted by one who looks carefully
into all that occurred. "It, is beyond all
doubt," says Mr. Hogan, "that England and
France are seeking to acquire to some extent,
and in some way, an influence over the new
Government and its concerns, and to aceom
plisla these designs for their ovvr, special ben
efit, to the exclusion, as far as possible, of any
participation by us." Mr. llogan adds:
"Asmightliave^bcen anticipated, the watchful eyes
ofBngland and Prance have not been closed to the
interesting events which have occurred m this re-
gion. Their official and unotlici.il agents have been
upon the spot, anxiously watching tho course of
events, and industrious in turning them to tho ad-
