1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 15, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCacley, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents credentials sent to him by the Governor
of Texas, in regard to the election of J. J.
Reynolds as Senator from that State, with a
loiter from the Governor stating that inadvert-
ently the original credentials were not signed
by him, which lie cannot account for. These
credentials will he read and referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The credentials were read, and referred to
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
PETITIONS AND MK3IOJUAI.S.
Mr. NYE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, instructing the Represent-
atives in Congress f'rean that State to use all
honorable and proper moans to procure the
passage of an aetol Congress extending to the
State of Nevada the benefits of the act approved
September 28,1850, whereby swamp and over-
flowed lands were granted to the State of Ark-
ansas and other States of the Union; which
we;e inferred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
jlr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of the president and directors of
the Kentucky Agricultural and Mechanical
Association, praying remuneration for certain
damages done to their property m Lexington,
Kentucky, by United States troops during the
late war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
PAPUIIS W IT IIDIt A ATX AND KKFERHED.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered. That the petitions and papers of Levi J.
Powell, Humy Jaues, Jeremiah Beatty, and
Kiijuh M. 1-j art be taken from the files ol the Senate
and relerred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James
A. Powers be taken from the lilos ol the Senate and
lefened to the Committee on Patonl3.
On motion of Mr, KELLOGG, it was
Os '.lei ed. That the petition and papers of Brotr &
Davis, sunt tSie liehhon of tlornee Tyler, be taken
from the lites of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. KELL£)GIG, it was
Ordered, Tnat the petitions and papers of J. IS.
Sullivan and of Susan A. Shelby be taken from the
files ol the Senate and relerred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAIILAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
and John ilannei?an be taken from the files ot the
Senate and reterred to the Committee on Claims.
On mo'.ion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Oidercd, Teat the papeis in relation to the crea-
tion ol tlie western judicial dutriet of the State of
Virjima be liken from the files of the Senate and
releircd to the Committee on the Judieiuay.
Oil mot ion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papeis of Isaac
It. Allen be taken from the illps of the Serite, and
referied to the Committee on Military Aftairs.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered. Tl'at the petition and papers of William
M. Kirnb ill be taken from the lilesof the Senate and
referred to the Cummittcc on Mililaiy Ali-aiis.
COMMAXDL'.t (j;:0injK A. ETUVUXS.
Mr. OSBORN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the hill (S. No,
Go) for the restoration of Commander George
A. Stevens, United States Navy, to the active
from the retired list, have directed me to report
it back and to say that the bill passed the House
at the last session and was reported favorably
by the Senate committee. I again report it
back favorably, and ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
There being no ohject'on, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the President of the United Stales
to nominate Hiid, by and v/itli the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint George A.
Stevens to the active list of the Navy, with the
rank of lieutenant commander.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
B. II. LA5ISON.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer a bill that was
passed at the last session, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 202) authorizing the
President to withdraw his acceptance of the
resignation of R. H. Lamson, late lieutenant
United States Navy; and it was read three
times, and passed.
PENSION CHECKS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am author-
ized by the Committee on Finance to report
back Senate bill No. 137. It passed the House
at the last session, and was reported favorably
by the Committee on Finance, with certain
modifications restricting its application. It is
a matter of considerable convenience to the
Treasury. I hope it will be considered now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 137) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing offi-
cers. It provides that in place of original
checks issued for pensions, when lost, stolen,
or destroyed, disbursing officers and agents of
the United States may, after the expiration of
six mouths from the date of such checks, issue
duplicate checks, and the Treasurer, Assistant
Treasurer, and designated depositaries of the
United Slates are to pay such checks, drawn
in pursuance of law by such officers or agents,
upon notice and proof of the loss of the ori-
ginal check or checks, under such regulations
in regard to their issue and payment, and upon
the execution of such bonds, with sureties, to
indemnify the United States, as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe ; but the act is
not to apply to any check exceeding in amount
the sum of $500.
The bill wa3 reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENTS TO A PPKOPJUATION BILL.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. STEWART submit-
ted amendments intended to be proposed by
them to the bill (H. R. No, 19) making appro-
priations for the payment of additional clerks
and messengers in the Pension Office, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTPiODUCED.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unaiiimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
203) for the relief of Dr. Marcus Reynolds,
of Sumter county, in the State of South
Carolina; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 201) for the relief of Lewis Johnson
& Co.: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been requested to
present a bill to the Senate to provide for the
completion of the tympanum of the south wing
of the Capitol building. I know nothing ot
the subject. I ask consent to introduce the
bili, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 205) to provide for
the completion of the tympanum of the south
wing of the Capitol building; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 206) for the relief of Isaac H. Allen ;
which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 207) to establish ocean steamship
lines for the transportation of the mail between
the United States and foreign countries, and •
for other'purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 208) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities from persons therein named, residents
of Kentucky; which was read twice by its title,
refened to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 209) to define a gross of matches, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
210) in relation to additional bounties; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. IIOWE. I have been requested to pre-
sent, and therefore I ask leave to present, the
following bill for reference to the Committee
on Public Lands.
By uiianimousconsent, leave was franted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 211) to donate lands to
the MacGregor and Missouri River Railway
Company to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the Iowa State line westerly to Fort
Laramie and the Union Pacific railroad ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
212) directing the Secretary of War to detail
an officer of engineers to aid in determining
the location and dimensions of a system of
levees for the protection of the alluvial lands
of the State of Louisiana from overflow by
the Mississippi river and its tributaries ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
select Committee on the Levees of the Missis-
sippi River, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GILBERT asked, and by uuanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 218) authorizing the Postmaster General
to continue in use in the postal service of the
United States a machine for post-marking and
for the cancellation of postage stamps, and to
make settlement with the inventor, patentee,
and assignee thereof for the past and future use
of the same by the Post Office Department;
which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. A day or two ago I
offered a memorial of settlers and others on a
certain portion of the raneho San Pablo, in
the State of California, asking to be allowed
to acquire title. I now ask leave to introduce
a bill for the purpose of carrying out the ob-
jects of that memorial. It may require some
amendment, but I offer it ill its present shape
in order to get the subject before the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce abill (S. No. 214) for the relief
of owners and occupants of certain lauds in
California ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CORBET T asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 215) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
