110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Columbia river to Great Salt Lake; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 216)
to increase the pension of H. Louise Gates,
■widow of the late General William Gates; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 217) to amend an act entitled "An
act for the relief of Rebecca S. Harrison,"
approved February 25, 1865 ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 218) to create an additional land district
in Florida; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 219) to carry into effect the decision of
the Supreme Court relating to bounty to sol-
diers enlisted between the 3d day of May and
the 22d day of July, 1801; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the Bill. It provides that every non-com-
missioned officer, musician, wagoner, artificer,
or private of volunteers who enlisted for three
years, between the 3d day of May and the
22d day of July, 181)1, and was during that
time or at a subsequent time mustered into the
United States service on such enlistment, and
was honorably discharged, before serving two
years, for cause other than wouuils received in
the line of duty, shall be entitled to $100
bounty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered lo be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimout, subsequently
said: I move to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill introduced by the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs with
regard to carrying into effect a decision of
the Supreme Court. It involves at least eight
million dollars, as I atn told.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will bo entered.
mksdagh from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills and joint resolution, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. II. No. 177) to relieve James
Moore, of Mississippi, of his political disabil-
ities ;
A bill (11. It. No. 178) in relation to esti-
mates of appropriations and appropriation
accounts;
A bill (EC. R. No. 181) to establish post
routes; and
Joint resolution (II. 11. No. 29) to author-
ize the commissioners to revise the statutes
to print their reports.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 179) to amend an
act to establish the Smithsonian Institution for
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men, approved August 10, 1846.
military organizations in missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 21, which was passed by the House of
Representatives at the last session and passed
by the Ssnate also as ail amendment to an
appropriation bill, and which was lost because
it did not pass both Houses in the same form.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 21) to pay members
of certain military organizations therein named.
The bill provides that the military organiza-
tions known as the Westport Police Guards,
Hickman's Mills' company, and companies A,
B, C, D, and E of the Kansas City Station
Guards, having been called into the service of
the United States, in the year 1863, in the dis-
trict of the border, department of Missouri,
under authority derived from Major General
John M. SchoSeld, United States Army, shall
be placed on the same footing as to pay and
allowances as volunteers in the service of the
United States. The proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department are to adjust the
accounts of all members of these organizations,
and on presentation of properly authenticated
rolls showing the names of all officers and men
belonging to them, and the term of service of
each, and of such other evidence as may be
required to fully prove such service, the amount
due is to be paid. The act is not to be so con-
strued as to entitle the members of these
organizations to bounty or pensions under any
law of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that bill been re-
ported from a committee?
Mr. SCHURZ. It was reported by the Mil-
itary Committees of both Houses at the past
session: and it passed both Houses, but failed
to become a law, because it did not pass both
in the same form.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me this bill ought
not to pass without some more explanation
than we have from the mere reading of it. It
is very indefinite on its face, certainly, and I
have not heard any report. If there was a
report printed I have not seen it.
Mr. SCHURZ. The facts in the case are
simply these: these military companies were
called out by General Schofield, but were not
called out under a regular call of the President
of the United States for troops. They were
not paid by the State, because they were not
called out under a State call; and they were
not paid by the United States, because they
were not called out under a general call; but
they did military service throughout the war,
and both committees have reported in favor
of the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I can say to the Senate that I
remembervery well the examination of thiscase'
before the Military Committee of the House of
Representatives, by which committee a bill to
pay these companies was reported unanimously.
X have in my hand copies of the orders issued
by General Schofield and the adjutant general'
who mustered into the service these militia-
men. They being militia mustered into the
service by order of General Schofield, though
performing duty, they were not recognized as
other soldiers of the United States were ; and
this bill merely puts them'on the same footing
with other soldiers for the service that they
performed. As i3 said by the Senator from
Missouri, it has passed both Houses once before
and been reported by both committees, I believe
unanimously. I know it was in the House of
Representatives by the Committee on Military
Affairs of that House at the last Congress.
Mr. COLE. I think that is not a new case,
nor is it the only case of the same kind. If
my recollection serves me there are other cases
of the same kind where persons were mustered
into the service by the States, but were not
accepted by the General Government, were in
actual service for months at a time, and are
yet without compensation. I remember, but a
short time ago, only a few days ago, a person
applied to me to introduce for him a bill for
compensation for serving in a certain capacity
in which he had'rendered service, being mus-
tered in at a camp in the State of New York,
where he had been for several months, and he
was left entirely without compensation for all
the services rendered by him in that way. I
presume there may be other cases of the same
character as this. I-think it is very dangerous
legislation.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state to the Senator
from California that he has misapprehended
the facts. These troops were actually mustered
into the United States service.
Mr. COLE. Then why were they not paid?
Mr. BLAIR. They were in excess of the
quota of Missouri, and their pay was not pro-
vided for by any law because they were in
excess of the quota; but they were called into
service by the major general commanding the
department of Missouri and mustered into the
United States service as his certificates show.
Hence they were troops in the service of the
United States, mustered in, but in excess of
the quota of our State. It therefore requires
legislation to pay them. They did actual ser-
vice, and I cannot see that there should be any
objection to paying troops who did actual ser-
vice during the war and were mustered into
the service of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. Merely for the satisfaction
of the Senate, I can have read at the Clerk's
desk, if it is desired, the order of General
Schofield organizing these companies and the
order of his adjutant general mustering them
into the service of the United States. The bill
is, as is stated by the Senator from Missouri,
merely to put them on the same footing with
other troops, so that they may receive com-
pensation for the services performed actually.
The order mustering them into the service of
the United States is among the papers which
I now send to the desk.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The order will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
[By telegraph.]
Headquarti;ks,
St. Louis, Missouri, November 18,1863.
Brigadier General Ewing :
Organize tlie men who return to the border counties
into companies of convenient size, as you propose. I
will recognize them as militia in active service, and
authorize the issue of arms, clothing, and subsist-
ence. I will send from here clothing for that special
purpose- J. M. SCHOFIELD.
Official copy
. W.J.IIAHN,
Lieutenant, A. 0. M.
B. S. LUSK.
Certified copy:
Mr. LOGAN. ^Then the order of the adju-
tant general follows. Let that be read also.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
[By telegraph.]
Sr. Louis, Missouri, December 3,1863.
To General iiwiKG:
The general commanding directs that the border
companies be mustered by your assistant commissary
of musters. All will be mustered to cover their
actual service.
0. D. GREEN,
Assistant Adjutant General,
W. J. IIAIKsr,
Lieutenant, A. C. M.
C. S. LUSK.
Official copy:
Certified copy:
Mr. LOGAN. The other papers are merely
cumulative evidence to show their service. It
is not necessary to read further unless it is
desired to show the facts.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know before
this bill passes how much money it will require
to meet these demands. I perceive that there
were several companies, and how long they
were in the service does not appear: I think
we ought to know how much of a burden this
is going to be on the Treasury before it passes.
I have been trying to get through a measure
on behalf of troops in California and Nevada
who were mustered out one thousand miles
and more from their homes, and who are enti-
tled to compensation. Compensation has been
afforded to troops of Michigan and other States
under precisely the same circumstances. They
have been paid their mileage home, while the
troops to which I refer, belonging to California
