1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
and Nevada, that were mustered out in Utah
and Texas and in New Mexico, and were com-
pelled to seek their way home or to some civ-
ilized country, have never been afforded any
compensation for it. Many of them were actu-
ally ruined, and others put in great distress by
reason of it. Thatis a just demand, certainly
as just as the demand thatis embodied in this
bill. Yet I have not felt it obligatory on me to
press it, in the present condition of the Treas-
ury, to a very great extent. I have presented
it to the Committee on Military Affairs several
times, and there has been no favorable report
on it; but here is another demand from another
quarter of the Union, involving I know not
how much ; certainly a very large demand upon
the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. About one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. COLE. I am told it is ยง150,000. That
is not a small demand ; it is a pretty large de-
mand. I move as an amendment to this bill
the following:
And that section seven of the act of March 2,
1867, entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1868," shall be so construed as to include and apply
to the case of such California and Nevada volun-
teers as were honorably discharged, for any cause
whatever, in New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and at
points distant from the place or places of enlistment.
Mr. SCIiURZ. I will say to the Senator
from California that I do not know anything
of the merits of the case which he now lays
before the Senate. For aught I know that case
may be as meritorious as this ; but the circum-
stance that this bill did pass and was reported
by the committees of both Houses at the last
session is surely no reason why this just claim
should not be regarded. The Senator speaks
of its being a very large claim, of $150,000.
However well or ill the country can afford that
I am not here to decide; but I am sure the
country cannot afford, when soldiers have been
called into the service by the authority of the
United States and have served during the war,
and have periled life and limb for the United
States, that afterward the United States should
repudiate the payment of them. About one
thing there can be no doubt, and that is, that
they were actually called into the service by a
commanding gengral of the United States, and
were mustered into the service of the United
States, and in that capacity did perform the
service of the United States. Now, what rea-
son can there be for not paying them ?
Moreover, the proposition of the Senator from
California has not been reported upon, while
this has been. This bill has been investigated
by both Houses ; both Houses have passed the
bill ; the committees of both Houses have
reported favorably on it; and I really do not
see any reason why it should not pass.
Mr. COLE. I can explain the amendment
in a word. In 1807 the seventh section of an
appropriation bill was intended to meet these
demandsof the troops of California and Nevada
that were mustered out at places distant from
their homes. That provision was actually
passed, but from some inadvertence it is con-
strued by the Auditors of the Treasury that, the
mustering out should have been for a certain
reason, and so it did not cover cases where
men were mustered out by reason of the expi-
ration of the term of service. That is the
condition of the case. I have not the law of
1867 before me now. If I had, I could prob-
ably make it more plain. It has been, how-
ever, before the Committee on Military Affairs,
but whether they have considered it or not I
do not know. I hope the amendment, will
prevail.
Mr. LOGAN. I will not say that the Sen-
ator from California is mistaken in reference
to what he says about the mustering out of
th")se men ; but I am mistaken if he is correct.
I remember well a case that was brought before
the Military Committee in the other House.
My understanding of it is this: that soldiers
who were mustered into the service in some
of the eastern States or middle States that
probably were residents of California or Ne-
vada, when they were mustered out were paid
mileage only to the place where they were
enlisted, though they claimed it to the point
at which they said they resided. If that be
true, they were paid properly, were paid as
other soldiers were paid, paid as the law re-
quired they should be paid, and no hardship
accrued to them whatever.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. The troops of Nevada were en-
listed in Nevada. They were sent to Utah, to
Camp Bouglas. They were discharged there.
So far as it pertains to my State the troops were
all mustered in there.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything about
that. I only know that such cases as I have
spoken of were before our committee, claim-
ing mileage, as it is termed, back to Nevada
and California, when in fact some of the men
were mustered in in New York and some in
the New England States, and were paid mile-
age from the place of discharge to their place
of muster in. I do not know whether that is
this ease or not; but if it is, it would be wrong
to adopt the amendment.
But the case before the Senate in the bill
presented by the Senator from Missouri is
of this character: these troops were mustered
into the service of the United States by order
of General Schofleld^wlien he was in command
of that department, and they were within that
department under the control of the command-
ing general, had to obey his orders the same
as any other troops, had to serve in the same
manner as any other troops did, and yet be-
cause they were denominated militia, for the
reason that they were not received as other
troops, they were refused pay as other troops,
although they did the same character of ser-
vice, and perhaps the same amount of service.
This bill only provides that they shall be paid
as other troops who served as they did; 1
mean other troops that were in the United
States service and recognized as United States
troops. These were not so recognized, al-
though mustered into the United States ser-
vice, and for that reason the Adjutant General
would not pay them the same pay and allow-
ances that other troops were paid and allowed.
I think it is right to put them on the same
footing with other troops. If they performed
the service, there is no reason why they should
not be paid.
As far as the amount taken out of the Treas-
ury is concerned, although it may be a large
amount, it seems to me that is no reason why
these men should not be paid. If their claim
is just they should be paid. The question of
the amount taken out of the Treasury should
have no bearing in the case. It certainly was
not considered when you paid other soldiers
for their services in the field. These men
served in the field the same as others; and
they ought to be paid the same as others, with-
out reference to the amount taken out of the
Treasury.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, from the
statements of the Senator from Illinois who
has just spoken, and of the two Senators from
Missouri, I assume the justice and propriety
of the bill moved by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Sciiuiiz;] but I thmk that there
can be no more doubt of the justice of the
amendment proposed by my colioague. It is
as just as any measure of that nature can be.
I imagine that the case suggested_by the Sen-
ator from Illinois must be a special arid per-
haps a solitary case. I have received many
letters and not a few memorials which satisfy
my mind that very great injustice has been
done numbers of enlisted men, who were en-
listed, not in New York or eastern cities, but
in the State of California, and who at the time
of their discharge were left in the middle of
the deserts between the Rocky mountains and
the Sierra Nevada, without transportation or
the means to pay for it.
Now, sir. it is idle to say that men such as
these men in that condition were men that
would fall under any category that would pre-
clude a provision by Congress for their trans-
portation. The cases are extremely hard. I
am sorry that the bill for the relief of these
California enlisted men has not made more
progress in the committee to which it has been
referred. If my colleague shall insist upon
his amendment I shall vote for it, although I
have no desire to embarrass another measure
which I believe to be as just as ours.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, I do not know
the particular merits of this case; but I find
upon the desk of the Senator from California
a petition from two men that I know crossed
the desert under my command, asking for
their mileage back to their place of enlistment.
They were enlisted in California in the first
and second regiments of California volun-
teers ; they crossed the desert under my com-
mand ; and it appears that they were dis-
charged and mustered out of service in New
Mexico. If they have not been compensated
by mileage to their place of muster-in it cer-
tainly would seem to be just and proper that
they should be; and I have no doubt there
are a number in the same category. The
moment the service of these men ceased in
New Mexico they were just dropped and
neither paid mileage nor any allowance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Cot,u.]
Mr. SHERMAN. It does seem to me that
the Senate ought to have the safety artid caution
of having a reference to a committee of these
two distinct propositions. The present com-
mittee may not take the same view of the mat-
ter that the former committee did. The
Committee on Military Affairs is somewhat
changed from the last session. It does seem
to me that these matters ought to go to the
appropriate committee. If they report that
under the law, according to general rules,
these volunteers ought to be paid, I shall vote
for it.
Mr. SCHURZ. My friend from Ohio will
permit me to say that the present Committee
on Military Affairs is almost the same as it
was at the last session. It now has on it the
Senator from Illinois, who was then chairman
of the Military Committee of the House of
Representatives. He has already expressed
his opinion on the subject; and here is the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
of the Senate who expresses the same opinion,
so that there can be no doubt at all as to what
the report of the committee will be, it consist-
ing now of the same members as at the last'
session, reinforced by tho Senator fx-om Illi-
nois and by my colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts why no report has been
made on the proposition to pay these Califor-
nians, or whether he has examined that sub-
ject? We have had no report from any com-
mittee on that subject, and we ought uot to
act in the dark. It seems to me hardly possi-
ble, although these Senators state it to be true
and I cannot dispute it, that the Government
of the United States would discharge in New
Mexico men who were enlisted in California,
with u desert between them and their homes,
without giving them some means of getting
back. I think that until that fact is shown
by the report of a committee we ought not to
assume that officers of the Government would
do tha1 ; because it seems to me inhuman, to
use a very mild term. I think there must be
some explanation of it. The officers of the
Government could not have left these soldiers
in New Mexico, far from their homes, without
any provision for their return.
1 think this bill ought to be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. They can
to-morrow report it back ; and if they find that
