1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
the nations one ends its operation instanter,
and it is no longer a treaty to be invoked by
either party. But a law enacted by the ab-
sorbing party remains in force, as in the case
of Texas. The joint resolution passed March
1, 1845, "for annexing Texas to the United
States," is just as much a law now as when it
was first enacted, and is as binding as ever,
Texas having accepted its conditions. The
only example of our taking an independent
nation under our flag is this case of Texas, and
that was accomplished by resolution of Con-
gress. Prior to that time we had entered into
treaties with that republic. We made two
treaties with Texas as early as the year 1838,
but when the question of annexion arose
there was no resort to a treaty or the treaty-
making power, but a joint resolution of Con-
gress extending our jurisdiction over her, and
prescribing the terms of the union, was all
that was deemed necessary. So we have made
treaties with Dominica, but when the question
of annexation arises the first thing to ascer-
tain is the disposition of the Government and
people of that country, and if that is favorable
the union is properly effected by joint resolu-
tion, as in the case of Texas. Whether this
will ever be accomplished or not is in the womb
of the future. I content myself now with pre-
senting a few of the many considerations why
it should be done.
Mr. President, in pursuance of my promise,
I move that the resolution be recommitted to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it lie on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the
question?
Mr. SUMNER. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on laying the resolution for printing on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
geoitqe plunkett.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is a little bill on your
table, Mr. President, that has just come from
the House of Representatives, authorizing the
President to appoint a man by the name of
Plunkett a paymaster in the Navy. I ask
unanimous consent that it be taken up and
acted on. I will state that this man Plunkett
a year or two ago resigned his office as pay-
master. ITe was an excellent officer, and the
Department is now willing that he should be
restored. The bill passed the House at the
last session and was reported by the Naval
Committee of the Senate, but failed to receive
action here. It has now again been passed by
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I had better ob-
ject. According to my judgment we have
now just two officers to one in every rank in
the Navy in proportion to other navies, and I
think if any officer will do us the favor to
resign, it is a great favor, and we ought to
avail ourselves of his good offices and leave
him out of the service. The Senator disclosed
the fact to-day, although perhaps I ought not
to say anything about it here, that we have
plenty of officers in the Navy for twice the
number of vessels we propose to keep in com-
mission. I think, therefore, this matter might-
as well lie over until next session.
Mr. CRAGIN. I understand the Senator
to object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
post routes.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a small bill on the
table to establish a post route in Indiana, or
rather to correct an error in a previous bill for
that purpose. It has passed the House of
Representatives, and I trust there will be no
objection to it. I should like to have it con-
sidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire if the Senator
has any objection to putting the bill repealing
the duty on salt on that by way of amendment ?
42d Cong. IsiSess.—No. 52.
Mr. RAMSEY. Possibly I should have no
objection to it, but I understand under the
rules of the Senate it would not be admissible
as an amendment. It would not be germane
to the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not know that
an amendment need be germane.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand it is so re-
quired by the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is no such
rule as that. If we take up this bill, the
restrictive rule will not apply.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was announced by the
Vice President that that was the rule of the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was so decided by the
Vice President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendments must
be germane ?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the decision under
the restrictive rule applicable to this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is not coming up
under the rule, but by unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. Unanimous consent only
applies to taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. What has become of my
request?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has not heard the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask unanimous consent
for the consideration of a bill from the House
of Representatives establishing a mail route
or two in the State of Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title
of the bill will bo read, and the Chair will ask
whether there is any objection.
Mr. BOREMAN. If this bill can be taken
up and acted on without amendment, I have
no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the design, of
course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is subject to amend-
ment if it comes up. I shall insist, if it comes
up, that it shall be subject to amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. If there is to be any
amendment to the bill, I object.
The Chief Clerk. The bill proposed to be
considered isthe bill (H. II. No. 428) to estab-
lish certain post roads.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to proceeding to the consideration
of this bill ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
business 01' tiie session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a resolution
that I laid on the table some days a,go, to re-
peal the restrictive rule, my object being, if the
rule is repealed, to call up the amnesty bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And all other
bills. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; but particularly
the amnesty bill. I ask to have the resolu-
tion reported.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Trumbull on the 29th
of March:
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by tho Sen-
ate on the 22d instant, limiting the legislation oHhe
present session to certain measures therein speciiieil,
be, and tho same is hereby, rescinded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I have the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. NYE. I rise to make an inquiry.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
question of order. I ask whether a notice of
one day must not be given for a change of the
rule ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This resolution has
been on the table for a week on purpose to
avoid the trouble as to notice.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beiicve I have the
floor.
Mr. NYE. I want to make an inquiry, and
I believe 1 can do that, even if the Senator
had the chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I rose to inquire whether an
objection would throw the resolution over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it would not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to dis-
cuss the merits of the question; I know that
would not be in order; but I can state the rea-
son why I desire to call up the resolution. If
the resolution is called up I shall then move
to amend it so as to modify the rule to the
extent of considering the bill on the subject
of general amnesty. I ask that the resolution
be taken up, with a view of having it modified
so that the Senate may proceed to the consid-
eration of the House bill on the subject of
amnesty.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an inquiry.
If the resolution is taken up, and the rule is so
modified that the bill touching amnesty can be
taken up, I suppose it will be in order to amend
that bill so as to repeal tho tariff upon tea and
sugar, would it not?
Several Senators. And salt.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course, coal and salt
would be in order. I am now referring par-
ticularly to sugar and coffee. I wish to know
whether it would be in order to amend it by a
proposition repealing those duties.
The^ PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is inclined to think that it would be in order
to move to amend tho bill.
Mr. CONKLING. No question of order
could prevail against such a motion? Well,
Mr. President, I am inclined to think, as we
met at, half past eight o'clock, practically at
nine o'clock, this evening, for a special pur-
pose, and as nobody, I believe, expects the
session to continue except for that purpose,
wo had better not proceed to the consideration
of this resolution to reverse our order of pro-
ceedings during the whole session. I have
reason to think that the Senators now absent
upon a committee of conference will be here
very soon prepared to report.
Mr. ANTHONY. How soon?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know precisely,
but I understand before long.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose we take a recess
for half an hour.
Mr. CONKLING. As that is likely to con-
clude the business of this session, I think wo
had better not enter upon anything else, and
I will yield to the Senator to make the motion
he proposes, or I will move it myself, that we
take a recess for half an hour, which will carry
us till ten o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope we
shall consider the amnesty bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 do not wish to detain
the Senate ; I merely ask the friends of this
measure to stand by it. If they are going to
desert it, let them show it by their votes.
Mr. CONKLING. What did the Senator
from South Carolina say? We did not hear
him on this side.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I asked the friends of
the amnesty bill to stand by the bill. If they
are going to desert it, let them so indicate by
their votes.
Mr. CONKLING. If I were in order, I
would appeal to the Senate to standby the
order of business as previously determined by
the Senate, last of all when we took a recess
until half past eight o'clock this_ evening for a
special purpose, which is not this purpose.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I stood by the beiiato-
one whole night, on a measure about which 1
felt very doubtful, simply for his benefit.
Now, when I ask the Senator to stand by a
bill which benefits not only the people of my
State but the people of the entire South, he
wishes to get off oil something else. If the
friends of this measure are disposed to desert
it, of course I have nothing more to say aBout
it. I merely ask fur a vote
