112
THE COMRESSIOIUL &JLOBB3.
March 15,
the allegations made in regard to these two
propositions are true, I shall vote for both ;
but I do not think we ought now, at the begin-
ning of a new Congress, to pass anything that
has not the sanction of a committee. I know,
in regard to one or two bills which. I have
reported from the Committee on Finance, that
I took the pains, before I woald report them at
all, or ask the attention of the Senate to them,
to call the committee together and get their
Unanimous assent before I would bring them
into the Senate. And I think the same course
ought to be followed now in regard to bills
reported from any committee. The committee
ought to be ealled together and the proposi-
tion submitted to the new committee. There
are slight changes in the committees. If it
is in order, therefore, I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
stating that if the committee, after examina-
tion, find the statements made in regard to the
California case and also the Missouri case to
be true, 1 see no reason why these soldiers
should not be paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the bill and pending amend-
ment be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CASSERLY. With reference to the
provision for the relief of the California en-
listed men, I think it is not fully understood
what the peculiar sources of information were
of the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. West]
who spoke awhile ago on the subject. Per-
haps his modesty and his being a now Senator
here prevented that. He was the colonel of
the first infantry regiment raised in the war
in California, and therefore there is no man
present here half so well acquainted with all
the facts connected with the treatment of so
many of our soldiers left there in the midst of
the deserts on their discharge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this matter will
be disposed of in some way and not occupy
the morning hour. I desire to call up the bill
from the House of Representatives to repeal
the duty on coal, that it may be read the sec-
ond time. Its second reading was objected to
yesterday. I ask that this bill be inform-
ally laid aside merely to have called up and
read a second time the bill to which i refer.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit the motion,
then, that this bill be laid aside for the pur-
pose of reading a second time the bill from the
House of Representatives repealing the duty
oil coal. It will take but a moment to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to postpone the present
order for the purpose of considering the bill
repealing the duties on coal, that it may bo
road the second time, without any farther
action.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all; merely to
have it read the second time.
Mr. SCOTT. Does that prevent its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance or a motion
to refer it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order to move to refer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. After it is up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
duty on coal.
The joint resolution (H.R. No. 27) to repeal
the duty on coal was read the second time
by its title.
DOTY ON SALT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask now that the bill
to repeal the duty on salt may also be read
the second time.
The bill (II. R. No. 1/0) to repeal the duties
on salt was read the second time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and
joint resolution will lie on the table, if no
motion be made in regard to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These two bills go upon
the Calendar. I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
MILITARY ORGANIZATIONS IN MISSOURI.
_ Mr. SCHURZ. I move to resume the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 21, to pay mem-
bers of certain military organizations therein
named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill is before
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, no
other business having intervened, and the pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio to refer the bill, with the pend-
ing amendment, to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR. I make an appeal to the Sen-
ator from California not to embarrass this bill
by moving his amendment. The bill offered
by my colleague has been passed upon by both
Houses and the committee of both Houses;
and 1 think he will yield the point and withdraw
this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
refer the bill and pending amendment to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-seven,
noes not counted.
PAYHKNT 01? liOUSTIKS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
the bill that passed in relation to additional
bounties printed, and I offer a resolution call-
ing for information in relation to the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and the resolution of the Senator from
Vermont will be read.
The Chief Clerk lead as follows :
Itciolved, That tbo Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to communicato to tho Senate the amount
that will bo required to carry into eiFect tile bill
pending m theSenate entitled "A bill to carry into
eilcct the decision of the Supremo Court relating to
bounty to soldiers enlisted between the 3d day of
May and tho 22dday of July, 1861."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
reconsideration of the vote passed this morn-
ing on the bill to carry into effect the decision
of the Supremo Court. That decision was
made some time ago and no action has been
had by Congress on the subject. A bill passed
through the House of Representatives more
than a year ago, but it was connected with
another matter, and the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs could not report in favor of the
entire bill. We introduced so much of the
subject as related to carrying the decision of
the court into effect. That bill passed through
the Senate in the closing part of the last ses-
sion, but was not acted upon in the House of
Representatives.
1 have a letter from the Second Auditor,
stating that eighty-one regiments were mus-
tered into the service during the time stated,
and he estimaies that about foriy-one hundred
men, or between four and five thousand men,
would bo entitled to the bounty; so that the
aggregate would he about four hundred and
ten thousand dollars. Be it larger or smaller,
the decision of the Supreme Court, I take it,
must be carried into effect. It was based on
the promise of the President and the Secretary
of War, and on a resolution passed by Congress
in 1801; and the men who enlisted and were
mustered into the service under that promise
and were honorably discharged are entitled to
this bounty. The failure to carry it into effect
has created a good deal of disappointment and
some complaint. So far as I am concerned
in the matter—and I take it the same is true
of other Senators—the wish has been to do
what is right and just. If the Senator from
Vermont desires to examine the matter fur-
ther, of eoursc 1 shall not interpose ; but there
are no eight millions in it, and I think it will
be iound that there is not one million in it. I
am among those who believe that at any rate
five or six hundred thousand dollars will pay
all that will be called for under it. Eight mil-
lion dollars would cover the eighty thousand
men that were mustered in. Most of those
men have received their bounty already. The
men who were mustered out honorably before
the expiration of two years, the Supreme Court
has decided were entitled to the bounty; and
those from the 3d day of May to the 22d of
July who wefe enlisted were enlisted under the
promise of the President, and their case was
not modified by the law of Congress passed in
July of that year, but was sanctioned by the act
of August, 1801, which made legal all the Presi-
dent promised in his proclamations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is a
question evidently of some importance, involv-
ing even, as the Senator from Massachusetts
states, a very considerable sum. I was in-
formed since the passage of the bill that it
would require at least $8,000,000 to meet the
amount of expenditure that would be author-
ized under the bill. At any rate, it is one of
those complicated questions that deserve a
more careful consideration than to be passed
upon the spur of the moment without any
explanation whatever. I therefore desire an
authentic report from the Secretary of the
Treasury as to the actual amount. I may say
further that the bill which was introduced this
morning and passed is not precisely a copy of
the bill of the last session. Some sections are
left out and others are modified.
Mr. WILSON. Some words ; it is all one
section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope there
will be no objection to the passage of the res-
olution.
The resolution was agreed to.
REVISION Of THE STATUTES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate, being the res-
olution of the Senator from Rhode Island in
regard to the legislation of the present session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. I wish to have a bill from
the House of Representatives, allowing the
commissioners to revise the statutes to print
their reports, read and considered. 1 think its
reading will sufficiently explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to ask consent to lay before the Senate
the bills on his table which have been received
from the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the motion which I made.
Mr. COLL. I wish before we adjourn to
have the appropriation bill which I reported
yesterdaytaken up, in order that it may be left
as the unfinished business.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend did
not attend to the suggestion I made.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit to the Senate the House bills which are
on his table.
The joint resolution (II. R, No. 29) to author-
ize the commissioners to revise the statutes
to print their reports was read three times,
and passed. It provides that the proviso in
the apt of March 8, 18/1, directing " that no
printing shall hereafter be executed except on
written orderunderthedirection of heads of De-
partments, or by the two Houses of Congress,
as authorized by law," shall not be construed to
affect the printing required by the commission-
ers to revise the statutes in the execution of
their duties, and that their reports, indexes,
and other papers immediately incidental to
their work may be printed upon the written
order of the commissioner by whom the same
may have been prepared.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not too late I
wish to move to amend the House resolution
so as to make it an act. We have passed a
bill prescribing the form of legislation, and
there is no advantage in a joint resolution
over an act of Congress. It is very difficult
