818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
to the honorable Senator from Illinois that
there is already a proposition oil the table,
offered by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Robertson.] to amend the
restrictive rule so as to include the subject of
amnesty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being so, I with-
draw my motion to take up my resolution, and
move to take up the resolution offered by the
Senator from South Carolina, which merely
modifies the rule so as to consider the ques-
tion of amnesty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the motion to take a
recess for half an hous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that motion in order
while the other question is pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it is.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Illinois whether the subject he
proposes to take up will lead to any debate ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope not. I
am willing to vote without any debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am ex-
tremely anxious to give my friend from Illinois
a chance to make a speech to-night, and I
know he will speak on amnesty or woman suf-
frage ; he has no choice as to which. [Laugh-
ter ] I desire to ask the Chair, therefore,
whether it would be in order, if this amend-
ment is taken up, to so amend it as to include
woman suffrage ? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it would be in order to amend
the resolution if it should be taken up, but the
question now before the Senate is on taking a
recess.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twenty-four.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose this is just
as good a way to test it as any other. It is
understood that while a motion is pending to
modify the rule for the purpose of considering
the subject of general amnesty a motion is
made to take a recess to get rid of it. Those
■who are in favor of amnesty of course will
vote down the recess, and give us a chance to
do something.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is also understood that
if we take up the subject of amnesty we can
take up any other subject, and shall take them
all up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to reply to that.
It is not five minutes since the Senator from
Rhode Island said that it had been decided
that it was not in order to amend a bill with a
matter that was not germane to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not mean to say
that npon this amnesty bill we could take up
all other subjects; but I mean to say that if
the rule is suspended for one purpose by the
friends of one measure, it will be suspended
for other purposes by the friends of other
measures.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Illi-
nois has remarked that we may as well under-
stand what we are voting upon. Peihaps that
understanding may as well be in accordance
with the sense of the rest of us as with the judg-
ment of that individual Senator. I beg leave
to state how I understand this. I understand
that at the conclusion of a session of Congress,
this afternoon late, the Senate voted to come
here at half past eight o'clock thisevening, no
vote to be taken until nine, for one single pur-
pose. I understand that when the time has
arrived that we are in almost momentary ex-
pectation of the coming in of the committee
whose report is to present that purpose to our
consideration, it is proposed to divert this
evening's session to a wholly different pur-
pose, which would have been in order a week
ago or a month ago as well as now: and I
understand that the motion for a recess is made
not in antagonism to any particular subject
more than another, but is made in the interest
of the order of the Senate, which was that we
should come here this evening for one purpose.
That is as I understand it, and I shall vote upon
that understanding, not meaning to aim my
vote in any hostile manner at any measure or
any motion in particular, but meaning, it' I can,
to preserve the session for the one purpose for
which the session has taken place.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator from New
York says ibis measure eould have been taken
up a week ago. It would have been taken
up a week ago had it not been for his persist-
ent efforts to defeat it, and he has thus far
defeated it.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh. my friend should
not say that. 1 never objected to this measure
except on one occasion, and that was on Sat-
urday last. That was the only occasion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator objected
on Saturday that the Senate was not full,
although we had as full a Senate then, and a
fuller Senate than on any previous Saturday.
Now he says it is too late. I appeal to Sen-
ators to sit here and not adjourn to-night, nor
to morrow, nor this "week, until we pass this
bill. It will do more good to the country, it
will do more to bring peace and restore law
and order throughout the South, than any bill
and all the bills that have been passed at this
session of Congress. I ask the friends of the
measure to stand by it and not desert it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 know
of no understanding that this subject was not
to come up to-night, or anything that was said
in reference to that. The Senator from New
York chooses to say that he is not to be under-
stood as opposing geneial amnesty by his
course, and he says he has only opposed tak-
ing it up on one occasion before. He has,
perhaps, had but one opportunity to oppose
it. He has only opposed its being taken up
when he had an opportunity to do so. I sup-
pose that is all the opposition that any one
can make. Now, sir, there is nothing in the
rules of the Senate to prevent our changing
this rule. Notice of it was given long ago;
and this is a favorable opportunity to con-
sider a great measure of peace to the coun-
try, and I hope that by no vote of a friend
of amnesty shall we take a recess merely to
prevent action on such a subject.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, we have
already this evening given atteution to other
subjects than the one which has been before
the Senate. It is germane, therefore, it is in
accordance with the rule, therefore, for us to
take final action upon other subjects ; and cer-
tainly there is no subject on which we are bet-
ter instructed than we are upon that which the
Senator from Illinois seeks to bring up. I
believe this is the House bill that we are called
upon to pass this evening, and I suppose it
is proper to infer, therefore, that there is an
expression somewhere that has been indicated
to us by the action of the coordinate branch.
I take it for granted also that we are instructed
upon this subject from the almost universal
expression of the Republican press of the
country in favor of the measure, and I take it
for granted also that we are instructed very
considerably on this subject, enlightened at
least upon it, by the declarations of mem-
bers on thi3 floor from that portion of th9
country to be benefited by our action upon
the measure. Hence, I am ready now and
hereafter to act upon this subject.
We are told that we are here to-night only
to receive the report of one committee of con-
ference. There is no certainty that it will ever
come in, and we are not in any danger of being
cut short in our labors by the arrival of this
committee, as I understand. Until it is here,
I trust this bill will be taken up and acted upon
to-night.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to one fact. At
the last session a bill was passed here relieving
from disabilitiesthrougboutthe southern States
persons of some local importance, and some
of considerable importance in the respective
States. I have inquired of the chairman of
the Committee on Disabilities the number in
that bill. My recollection is that the bill as it
passed the Senate had between three and four
thousand names on it. I know J contributed
to put a good many of them there, and other
gentlemen did the same. It was thought at
that time that it was of importance to the
various communities of the southern Slates
that those gentlemen should be relieved of
their political disabilities. The bill lailed in
the House of Representatives, and since then
other names have been brought here with the
usual formalities of proof, &c., and have been
added in the general bill, now swelling the
number to over four thousand. The Senate
having already passed upon the merits of about
thirty-eight hundred of those names, I would
inquire what it is that would induce the Senate
now to take back its judgment of nearly twelve
months ago in regard to ihe individuals who
are named in that general bill? And if it
would include them in that bill upon the prin-
ciple by which it was governed at that time,
what, objection can there be to classes of men
similar to those who were relieved by the bill
of last year being relieved by this bill, which
applies to classes, instead of individuals by
name ?
There are three exceptions contained in the
House bill. Those exceptions include three
classes, as is known to everybody ; I need not
enumerate them ; but I undertake to say that
for the State I have the honor to repiesent
here—and it must be true of the other south-
ern States—very great advantage will be de-
rived to the public service by a relief such as
will be afforded from this partial amnesty bill;
it is termed a general amnesty, but it is not
such a bill as that, for it excepts agood many,
and very conspicuous persons are excluded
from its benefits.
I hope, for the peace of the country, for the
general good will, that it may produce from one
extreme of the Union to theother, for its great
power of pacification, of restoring more per-
haps than any other measure that could be
devised a spirit of good will and confidence
throughout this great country, that the Senate
will not abandon this bill, but that it will ad-
dress itself to it as a measure second to none
in importance that lias been before it during
the session, and will continue its labors until
the classes covered by the bill are all relieved.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, is it in order to
move to amend the pending motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to take a recess for half an hour. Itwillbe
in order to amend it by proposing a longer or
a shorter time.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquire of the Chair
whether on this motion it is in order to make
a speech on amnesty?
Mr. NYE. I have the floor, I believe.
Mr. POMEROY. We have had one or two
speeches on the subject of amnesty on this
motion for a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the point
had been made the Chair would have ruled
such speeches were not in order.
Mr. PO-VIEROY. I make the point, then.
Mr. NYE. I should like to know how the
Senator from Kansas got the floor away from
me. Heisup tothatkindof trick. [Laughter,]
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
to have relieved himself of the floor.
Mr. NYE. No ; I have something to say.
I judge from the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, just made, that this motion
opens a pretty wide field of debate, and I rise
to inquire if it is proper to discuss the effect
of the amnesty measure upon this motion for
a recess? If it is, I am prepaied, and 1 want
to answer these observations. ["'Goonl'']
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it it is not in
