114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. RANDALL. I think that bill had better
be printed before we act upon it, so that we
can see what it is.
Mr. KELLEY. I will ask, then, that it be
printed and its consideration postponed till
to-morrow.
There was ao objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
order OF business.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to let
me have passed a joint resolution to correct a
mistake in an enrolled bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I will hear what it is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I wish to know if it is in order for
me to give notice to the House that on to-mor-
row I intend to introduce a bill to suppress the
Ku Klux of New Hampshire? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. ]f the gentleman's State
is called it will be in order. [Laughter.]
correction of enrollment.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask that a joint reso-
lution to correct the enrollment of the naval
appropriation bill be passed.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Beaolved, &-c„ That to correct an error in the en-
rollment of the act approved March 3,1871, making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes, the
same beamonded, as follows:
In section two strike out all of the section from
and including tho word "provided," where it first
occurs, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
And tho Secretary of tho Kavv is authorized to
invite, by public advertisement, plans and specific-
ations for such dock, and to award to any person not
in the publio service whose plans maybe adopted by
the Navy Dopartmont a sum not exceeding $5,000.
But no plan shall be adopted until it shall first re-
ceive thosanction of aboard of not less thanfive ex-
perienced officers, to be appointed by th<s Secretary
of tho Navy, a majority of whom shall be contractors
and engineers, and ono of whom .shall bo an experi-
enced civil engineer; and that it shall be tho duty
of Baid board to consider all the plans and specifica-
tions laid before it, whether tho same are prepared
in the Navy Department or by parties competing
therewith, and the pla.ns a.nd specifications that shall
bo adoptod shall bo opened to tho inspection of all
persons who desire to bccome bidders for at loast
ninety days Ijeloro tho awarding of said contract.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say that this was a
part of the bill as it passed both Houses on
a report of the committee of conference, and
the enrolling clerks, in the hurry of business,
and being compelled to employ new clerks in
the pressure of business in the last hours of
the session, left out this proviso.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask "my friend
whether there is anything about the StEtfe of
New Hampshire in this bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. It covers the whole country,
New Hampshire and New York. It is quite
as much for New York as for New Hamp-
shire.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (II. li. No. 30) was read three times, and
passed.
adjournment.
Mr. MORGAN. I now insist on my motion
that the House adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
73, noes 75.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered. '
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; aud it, was decided
in the negative—yeas 83, nays 97, not voting
48; as follows:
YI3A8—\Me.«srs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, Bird. Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo. Cox, Crebs,
Critchcr, Cropland, Davis, .box, BuBose, Duke,
Eldridgc,Bly, Jforker, Uarrett, (Jctz, Golladny, Ham-
bleton, llanUley, Harper, John T. Harris. Hereford,
Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King. Einsellii. Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, Man&on. Marshall, McClelland, Me-
Corinick.Meli.enry, Melntyre, McKinncy, McNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin Jb\ Mayers, Morpan. Niblack,
Potter, Price, .Randall, Bead, Edward Y. Bice, John
M. Rico, llU^hic, William It. Iloberts, liobinson,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Shober, Slater. Slocum. Sloss,
K, Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Warren, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Wood,
and Young—83. , ^
NAYS—-Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buflanton, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin E. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Dawes, De Large, Donnan,
Bunnell, Eames, Elliott, Farnsworth, Farwell, Fink-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Frye, Hale, Harmer,
George E.Harris, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. nazleton,
John W. Hazleton, Hooper, Kelley, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
MoJunkin, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Mor-
phia, Orr, Packard. Packer, Palmer, Parker, Peck,
Pendleton. Perce. Poland, Porter, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon. Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Sypher, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Walls, Wells, Wheeler, Wmteley, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and-John T. Wilson—97.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Albes, Banks, Barry,
Buckley, Cook, Cotton, Creely, Darrall, Dickey,
Buell,Henry B.Foster, Garfield, Goodrich, Griffith,
Haldeman, Halsey, Hanks, Hawley, Hays, Hill, Hoar,
Ketcham, Killinger, McKee, Mercur, Mitchell, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Prindle, Scofield, Sherwood, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Turner,
Voorhees, Washburn, Williams of Indiana, and
Winchester—43.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DOX said: I wish to state that Mr.
Hanks, of Arkansas, is detained from the
House this morning by sickness.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a privileged
motion, and submit the following resolution:
Jlesolved, That when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn until Saturday next, and when it adjourns
on the latter day it be until Tuesday next.
The question was taken on the resolution
and upon a division (yeas 72, noes 88) it was
not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the resolution,
omitting the part providing for an adjournment
from Saturday until Tuesday next.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion until I ask leave to with-
draw certain papers from the files of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I will do so.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr, STEVENSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the petition and papers
of Joseph L. Hall, applying for an extension
of a patent.
Mr. PL ATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the
cases of Mrs. Mary Coleman and Joseph Daw-
son.
Mr. VAN TRUMP asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to have with-
drawn from the files of the House the papers
in the case of James F. Fisher.
Mr. GETZ asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the cases
of P. A. Lantz, Peter Klains, J. 11. Dundon,
John Williugton, Jonathan Brock, and M. L.
Wall & Co.
Mr. WELLS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of C. H. Fredrick.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 4) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to turn over certain
property to the managers of the Industrial
Home School of the District of Columbia.
mail service in kentucky.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, in relation to the discon-
tinuance of postal service on the route be-
tween Louisville and Lexington, in. the State
of Kentucky; which was ordered to be printed,
and to be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
alaska.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to the
territory of Alaska; which was ordered to be
printed, and to be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
george maxwell.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the claim of George Maxwell; which was
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
engineer contracts.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting to the
House of Representatives a statement of the
contracts of the engineer department of the
Army for the year 1870; which was ordered
to be printed, and to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
lieutenant r. h. pratt.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the claim of Lieutenant R. H. Pratt, of the
United States Army; which was ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
black bob band of indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the Black Bob band of Shawnee Indians in
Kansas; which was ordered to be printed, and
to be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
encroachment of the mississippi.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to the
encroachment of the Mississippi river at Vicks-
burg; which was referred to the Committee
ou Commerce^ and ordered to be printed.
immigration statistics.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting to the House a special report of the chief
of the Bureau of Statistics on immigration ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
Mr. ADAMS asked and obtained indefin-
ite leave of absence for Mr. Winchester, on
account of continued sickness of his family.
monument to professor morse.
Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 31) grant-
ing the right to erect a monument to Professor
Morse on a Government reservation ; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution grants permission to
the Morse Monument Association to erect a
monument to Professor Samuel F. B. Morse
on the triangular reservation at the intersection
of Pennsylvania avenue and Seventh street,
in the city of Washington, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, provided the
same shall involve no expense to the Govern-
ment.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
