824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
ate, every word that I have heard in the debate
has convinced roe more and more of the truth
of what I said to the Senate when I first spoke
upon this subject. The whole substance of
this bill is in the third and fourth sections. The
whole substance of this bill is that which makes
the President of the United States the absolute
dictator over the people of America. The
whole substance of this bill is in the sections
which enable him to declare war against the
people of the United States, to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, and to institute martial
law, where civil law, under the Constitution,
ought to prevail. Conceal it as you may, all
these contrivances for judicial remedy and judi-
cial redress are mere "leather and prunella."
This bill declares that the laws have ceased
and must be silent and that arms have taken
their place. I do not know how the President
of the United States will execute these mighty
powers that are invested in him. I pray to God
that for his own reputation, as well as for the
sake of my countiy, he may exercise them
with discretion. I would dislike, political
opponent as I am, that that great name which
Jie has achieved in the history of his country,
and which must go down to posterity as long
as time shall last, should be shipwrecked under
the provisions of this bill which you are now
about to pass, and that the exercise of the
powers that you thrust upon him should be the
grave of his reputation. God forbid that it
should be so ; but I repeat that to no man who
ever drew the breath ot life would I confer such
powers as you confer upon him by this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, lam cer-
tainly obliged to perceive that the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] has justi-
fied and vindicated his ancient reputation. He
is entitled to the first place in his party. He
has maintained the same sentiments to-night
and in aid of the same cause that he main-
tained six, eight, nine years ago.
Mr. THUKMAN. What does the Senator
mean by that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my good friend will
be quiet for a few minutes, I will tell him.
Mr. THUKMAN. If he means the cause
of the Constitution he is right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, "the cause of the
Constitution,'' which is the only name my
friend knows of in the law. was the cause of
inability to resist treason when we tried to
resist it. "The cause of the Constitution"
now is inability to punish assassins who are
such in order to destroy the rights of Ameri-
can citizens under the Constitution.
The honorable Senator attacked the party
of the country in 1861 and in 1865 and in all
the years between, as exercising unconstitu-
tional powers when they were fighting, as they
are now, to preserve the rights of the Govern-
ment, the rights of the States, the rights of
the citizens; and the honorable Senator and
his associates have followed that line of op-
position until he finds himself now opposing
by all the means he can command any meas-
sure and every measure of national consider-
ation, or State either, for that matter, which
is to be resorted to or which is proposed to
bring peace—not tyranny—but peace and equal
rights to the citizens of the United States,
who, he confesses himself, are the victims of
infamous outrages, though not so many, he
thinks. as are represented. I f there were more,
possibly I he Senator would be somewhat more
greatly affected.
Why, sir, the parallel which every thinking
man in this country will run between the course
o! the ruling people of these southern States
and the course of that party which has stood
by them as the -dog stands by its master, is
interesting indeed. Sumter and Marion and
their glorious colleagues upheld a revolution
for liberty, they upneld it as brave and great
men openly by warfare, not secretly by assas-
sination and arson and scourgings and all
manner of wickedness; and their descendants,
degraded in Calhoun and the men of his school,
undertook, openly still, to resist national rights
by what they called nullification and the rights
of States; and-their descendants and succes-
sors now, degraded still more, among the tombs
that contain the bones of the warriors of the
Revolution, the bones of the defenders of the
States, brave men as they were, contending
like honorable men bravely for what they
thought to be their rights, wrong as they were,
whose only method of warfare against a national
citizenship and a national equality is the base
and infamous warfare of secret disguised assas-
sination and robbery and all manner of evil
deeds.
And going step by step, Mr. President, you
find the same party in the North degrading
itself as their leaders in the South have de-
graded themselves, resisting step by step every
effort of the nation to vindicate its authority
and to preserve the rights of its citizens, unt.il
at last you see him to-night, in the face of what
the honorable Senator admits to be infamous
outrages which all constitutional power ought
to be brought to bear to put down, making
himself merry over the fact that this bill is not
as it was desired to be. Instead of devoting
himself to any proposition, suggesting any
proposition which should be brought to bear
under the power of the nation, either judicially,
or executively, or otherwise, to prevent these
outrages, he is resisting, by what he calls con-
stitutional arguments, the power of the nation
to take any step whatever to repress them ; and
his only voice of sympathy or pathos, from the
beginning to the end, was found to be when he
spoke of the poor confederate soldier who had
not received that meed of consideration which
he deserved. The only instance that the Sen
ator has found fit for consideration and sym-
pathy and commiseratiou is not the victim of
the outrages that he confesses to exist, but it
is the confederate soldier; that is to say, the
man in the southern States, or his northern
ally, who, with the education that a free Gov-
ernment had given him, and with the knowl-
edge of law that republican institutions imputes
to him, has exhausted his power in undertaking
to destroy his country. That is all.
Why, sir, this party has followed the degrad-
ing and descending fortunes of this southern
aristocracy, culminating as it has now in the
nether abyss of infamy, of assassination, and
conspiracy for assassination, as the pilot fish
follows the hulk. What justification has the
honorable Senator to impute to us that we are
desiring to overthrow the Constitution for base
ends? Have we undertaken by law or other-
wise to coutrol opinion? Have we undertaken
to punish anybody for his political or other
opinions? Not at all. Have we undertaken
to disturb private rights anywhere? No. sir ;
our sole offense is, " the very head and front
of our offending,1' that among all classes of
citizens, innocent and criminal, we have only
said, '• Keep the law ; abide in peace that is
all. And our only purpose now is that the law
shall be kept and that the right of every citi-
zen, be he the honorable Senator from Ohio
with his notions, or be he that man with whom
he seems to have so much sympathy, the poor
confederate with his notions, shall be allowed
in peace to have his opinion, let it be as base
or infamous as it may, and also that the man
who believes in the Union, who believes in the
law, who believes in lioerty, who believes in
equality and the brotherhood of man, shall
also be permitted to pursue his way in peace
under the law. And, to accomplish that, I join
with the Senator from Ohio nearest me, [Mr.
Sherman,] and I take up the motto of that
ancient State, the mother of liberty, which has
been borne upon her shield from time imme-
morial, and Iwillcarryittothe end—ensepetit
placidam sub libertate quietem—the sword
shall preserve liberty if me sword be neces-
sary ; the law firsthand under the law and
after the law the sword shall be unsheathed
and unsheathed to the bitter end ; not, sir, to
overthrow any man's right, but to preserve
every man's right.
So much for that, sir. The honorable Sen-
ator has said that this substitute for the sixth
section is a sham and a delusion ; that it is not
worth the paper that it is written upon; and
that his honorable colleague has been betrayed
by his associates in recommending it. And he
has followed that a little further, with an incon-
sistency that nobody but a Democrat can prac-
tice with success, by saying that if it were not
for the constitutional objection that Democrats
always have to everything he would vote for it
with the greatest pleasure, because it is right.
He says that it embodies a sound principle of
responsibility, and if it were not for the trouble
that the United States have no right to inter-
fere at all, it would be a very proper provision
indeed. How does the honorable Senator rec-
oncile this position with his sense of duty?
He says he could go for this section as a right
and suitable provision in itself if it were not
for these constitutional qualms, as the apostle
said; he says it is right in itself, that it em-
bodies a sound principle, in compelling people
to assist in the preservation of private rights :
and yet at the same time it is an unmitigated
humbug and sham 1 How does that comport
with his notions of propriety? There is an
inconsistency which I admit is not unusual with
the honorable Senator and those with whom
he is associated; but it is one which will strike
the minds of practical men as of some conse-
quence.
Why, Mr. President, the fact is, respecting
this sixth section—and that I think I may hero
safely say is one of the reasons why we do not
have the signature of the honorable Senator
to this report—that the provisions of this sec-
tion do in a large degree, if not entirely, sup-
plement and substitute themselves for, in an
effectual and a practical sense, the provision
offered by the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] originally. It is true corpor-
ate responsibility is set aside, but it is equally
true that there is brought into play the very
provision, that was contained in the original
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, that of
individual responsibility on the part of every
man who should have failed to exert his full
duty as a citizen to prevent an outrage upon his
fellow-citizen. That is what it is. There may
be difficulties of proof. There were under the
other section. There are always difficulties
of proof. But in a real arid substantial sense,
going into a court of justice under either sec-
tion, the first or the last, you have the case
that the property of every man is a guarantee
to the sufferer; that every man shall have ex-
hausted his whole duty as one citizen in assist-
ing to keep the peace against outrages of which
he had notice, or of which he might have had
notice by reasonable diligence, which he would
be bound to assist in preventing.
That is the scope of that, and it is by no
means the delusion and ineffectual sham that
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. i'hur-
man"] fancies. If an outrage of the character
mentioned in the second section of this bill,
a conspiracy, should arise in the county where
the honorable Senator from Ohio resides, and
he should be informed of it, that his neighbor,
a Republican living next door, was to be
slaughtered to-night and his house burned
down because he was a Republican, and his
Republican brother should apply to him—I
do not know that after a speech of this kind
he would be likely to do so, but if he should
apply to him for assistance—I am pretty sure
my honorable friend from Ohio would find
some stimulation, if he needed any—certainly
the bravery and goodness of his heart would
not need any such stimulation—in the statute
which should say to him, "Sir, being informed
of this premeditated tumult and conspiracy to
rob and destroy your neighbor and his prop-
erty, it is your duty to turn out with whatever
