1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
opposed will say "no," [putting the question.]
In the opinion of the Chair, two thirds have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What bill is that—a
bill to remove political disabilities?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think the Sen-
ator will object when I state what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any such
bill upon principle. I do not know what case
it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the objection comes too late.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that call is in time. The Chair had not finally
announced the result, but had simply stated
that in his opinion two thirds had voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays, and I wish to address the Senate on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on seconding the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are we not bound under
the Constitution to take the vote by yeas and
nays?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It requires a two-thirds
yote to pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but the language of the Constitution is not the
same with regard to the passage of these bills
as it is with regard to the passage of bills vetoed,
by the President. In the latter case the Con-
stitution says the vote shall be taken by yeas
and nays, but in this case, the Constitution
being silent on that point, the question on the
passage of the bill can be taken in the same
way as on the passage of bills requiring only
a majority vote.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illinois
says he proposes to address the Senate. That
being the case, I think we ought not to occupy
the time this morning with this bill. Let it go
over.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to its
going over now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over.
Mr. -TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an
amendment to this bill. I was not aware that
such a bill was put on its passage or was about
to be put on its passage. It is known that I
have objected to all these bills because I am
in favor of a general bill upon the subject. I
ask if it is in order to offer an amendment, the
amendment being the bill introduced by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Robert-
son?]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be m
order, unquestionably, by reconsidering the
vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
a third reading, with a view to allowing me to
offer an amendment. «
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sen-
ator desire action on that motion now ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
that vote reconsidered, so that I may offer the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to reconsider the vote by which
this bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. HAMILTON. This is a special case.
We have had the evidence that a general bill
cannot be passed at this session, and it is im-
portant that this gentleman's disabilities be
removed. The bill has passed the House of
Representatives unanimously, and I hope it
will not be incumbered by any other name or
by any other proposition. It is a personal
matter entirely ; and we see the evidence of
Use fact, I think, that at this late period of
the session we cannot legislate generally on
the subject. I know I would be for the mode
spoken of by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, but I see that that cannot be done now.
A general bill, and one that was not at all
liberal in its provisions, was rejected the other
day in the House of Representatives by a con-
siderable vote; and I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois will withdraw his objection
to this special case. It is not often that we
are here from Maryland asking for the removal
of disabilities. There are very few case3, in-
deed not more than half a dozen in the whole
State; and this is a case which requires this
gentleman's disabilities to be removed.
Mr. CAMERON. This is one of those pecu-
liar cases which I am sure the Senator from
Illinois would approve of if it were understood.
I am sure that the Senator from Illinois and
every Senator here would approve of this bill if
they understood the case as I do. There has
been a defalcation, as I understand, in the office
of the adjutant general of the State of Mary-
land. In order to bring the defaulting officer
to punishment, and for the purpose of getting
the property of the State out of his hands, it
is necessary to make a new adjutant general,
and the Governor has appointed this gentle-
man who has been in the office for years as
chief clerk. There are suits depending now,
and the whole military property of the State
is in the hands of the defaulting officer and
cannot be removed until the disabilities are
taken off this gentleman so that he can act for
the State. I believe he was never in any battle
and never was in the army; but he acted with
the rebels in Maryland. Governer Bowie, while
he was very strongly in favor of the South, is
one of the best Governors in the whole Union,
a man in favor of everything that is right, in
favor of internal improvements. He has bat-
tled this great railroad corporation here with
vigorand firmness ; and the preservation of the
character of his administration depends on
getting the disabilities taken off this man so
that he may be put into this office. I trust the
bill will pass.
Mr. COLE. I believe this was taken up
subject to a call for the regular order, the
morning business not being over. If so, I call
for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- The Senator
from Pennsylvania stated it would not give rise
to debate.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought it would not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be laid over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion was to re-
consider the third reading, with a view of offer-
ing the amendment which I hold in my hand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which this bill
was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. VICKERS. I rise to ask whether the
Senator from Illinois voted for the third read-
ing, so that ho can move to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He was in the
Chamber, but did not vote, and, according to
the usage of the Senate, the Chair is advised
that he has a right to move a reconsideration.
If he were not present it would raise another
question. The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote ordering the bill to a third
reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move the fol-
lowing amendment, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert:
That all persons subject to any disability imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States are hereby relieved from such
disability: Provided, That the following elates of
persons are excepted from the pro visions of this act;
that is to say: . , „,, n
First. All persons who, being members oi the Oon-
gross oftheUnited States, withdrew from their seats
and aided the rebellion.
Second. All persons who,being officers of the Aimy
or Navy of the United States, and being above the
a«o of twenty-one years, left said Army or Navy anu
aided the rebellion. .
Third, Ail person? who, beir.-s members of State
conventions which adopted pretended ordinances
of secession, voted in favor of the adoption of suen
ordinances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senator from Illinois now
consents to the bill going over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Matilda
Barrett and her sisters be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That Susannah Gray have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the lilea oi tlie
Senate.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John
Walters, a lieutenant in the United States JNavy, be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Franci3
A. Gibbons be taken from the tiles of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
printing os? a memorial.
Mr. SCHURZ. I presented a memorial the
other day of Lewis Wieser. praying for the
erection of a bureau in the Department of the
Interior, in connection with the Patent Office,
to be known as the Bureau of Industry. I
forgot to ask to have it printed. I now ttiaka
that motion. t
The motion was agreed to. ;
census import. '
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution for printing extra numbers of the
preliminary report ot the census, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolvedly the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed one hun-
dred and sixty thousand additional copies of tnw
preliminary report of the" United States census tor*
1S70 of which fifty thousand shall be lor the use of
the Senate, one hundred thousand shall be tor th 
use of the House of Representatives, and ten thou-
sand for distribution under the direction oi tu<*
Census Bureau.
Mr. ANTHONY. These are pretty long;
numbers, as the printers say; but the numbers
are the same as were printed of the census tea
years ago, and it is, perhaps, the most import-
ant document to be printed. The cost will bes
about twenty-seven thousand dollars.
The resolution was agreed to.
fulton and dallas railroad.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on tha
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 16) amendatory of an act to incor-
porate the Texas Pacific Railroad Company,
nave directed me to report it back, and i
should like to ask unanimous consent to put
it on its passage at once. It grants no land.
It is the provision that was in the Texas Pacific
railroad bill as it passed the Senate, allow-
ing the Arkansas roads to connect with the
Texas Pacific. The Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Rice] at the time it was up explained
the merits of it fully to the Senate. It simply
allows the Arkansas branch to connect with
the Texas Pacific road, 1" never did see any
objection and never have heard any assigned
to'it. It is in the precise language reported
by the Pacific Railroad Committee formerly and
passed by the Senate: and the present mem-
bers of the committee consent that it he re-
; ported and put upon its passage. It is just
i one section, and I ask that it be read.
' Mr. CASSERLY. I must ask that that lie
over to-day. .
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read, and then
the Senator can object if he feels called upon
to do so; but I hope he will not.
