120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, and after its contents shall have been dis-
closed the Chair will entertain objections.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is an entire new thing
to me, and I suppose to the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I think not, as will be
seen when it is read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &e„ That the Grand Tower and San
Diego Pacific Railroad Company and its successors, a
corporation duly organized under the laws of tho
State of Arkansas, is hereby authorized and em-
powered to survey, lay out, locate, and construct, fur-
nish, maintain, and operate, and enjoy, a continuous
railroad and telegraph line, with the appurtenances,
from a point near Fulton, in the State of Arkan-
sas, by the most eligible route, to some point on the
line of the Texas Pacific railroad, not west of Dallas,
in the State of Texas; and said company is hereby
authorized to construct, build, and maintain a bridge
across the navigable waters of Red river, on the
route of said road, subject to any laws for bridging
navigable streams; and the right of way is hereby
granted to said company to the extent of two hun-
dred feet in width on each side of said railroad line,
including all necessary grounds for stations, eat-
ing-houses, workshops, depots, machine-shops, side-
tracks, switches, turn-tables, and water-stations ;
and theriglit of way across the lands of private per-
sons shall be obtained in the same manner and by
the same means as is provided for procuring tho
right of way by the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; which Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific
Railroad Company shall have the right to connect
with said Texas Pacific railroad on equal terms,
with all the rights of said last named company. All
rights, powers, and privileges conferred by the act
incorporating the Texas Pacific Railroad Coinpanv
aro licroby extended and shall belong to the Grand
Tower and San Diego Paeifio Railroad Company;
Provided, That said last-named company shall not
be entitled to any public lands of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. Is there objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that bill should
be further amended. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Nevada now that I shall ask to have
an amendment added to it restoring the pro-
hibition against a "ring" in this road which
was adopted by the Senate originally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over, objection to its consideration being made.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. BLAIR, Mr. HAR-
LAN, and Mr. SAWYER submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed by them to the
bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropriations for
the payment of additional clerks and messen-
gers in tho Pension Office, and for other pur-
poses; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
SUTRO TUNNEL.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution for the appointment of a
commission to examine and report upon the
Sutro tunnel, in tho State of Nevada. I ask
to have it read.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
tho Senate joint resolutions are to be changed
to bills, unless tho Senator desires it to be a
joint resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
that change.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
changed to a bill accordingly.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 220) for the appoint-
ment of a commission to examine and report
upon the Sutro tunnel, in the State of Nevada :
which was read twice, as follows:
lie it enaetcd, <£o. That the President of theUiiited
btates is hereby authorized and requested to appoint
a board of three commissioners, two of whom shall bo
oL/eersof engineer.-, of the Array and one a mining
or civil engineer, to ex&miuo and report upon the
feuiro tunnel, m the State of Nevada, authorized to
by an act of Congress approved July
A WjO, wit.i special, reference to the impoitance,
ieasibility, cost, and time required to construct the
same; the value of the bullion extracted from the
Dimes of tho Oomstock lode, their present and prob-
able future production; also, the geological and prac-
tical value of said tunnel as an exploring work and
its general bearing upon our mining and other
national interests in ascertaining the practicability
ot deep mining.
Sso.2. That the said commissioners be each allowed
a compensation of ten dollars per dtem during the
continuance of their services,48fnd their actual and
necessary traveling expenses, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, That their report be made before the next
regular session of Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not aware that
there was a provision for per diem expenses
in the bill. The one which I saw before this
was handed me did not contain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. You had better leave out
that last clause.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have that sec-
tion left out, so that the bill will be simply a
bill for the appointment of a commission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That section will
be omitted. What action does the Senator
desire upon tbe bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire its present con-
sideration if there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the Senator
allow me to offer a resolution first?
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be no objection
to this bill, let it be passed; if there is, let it
go over.
_ Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I offer a resolu-
tion, which I ask to have read, printed, and
laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
bill introduced by the Senator from California
is disposed of the Chair will receive it. If
there be no objection that bill is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask leave,
without previous notice, to introduce a joint
resolution, which I desire to have reported in
full.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 2)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States ; which was read a first
time at length, as follows:
p Be it resolved, by the Senate and House of llepresenta-
tives United Statesof America 'in Congress assent-
bled. That the following be proposed as an additional
article to the Constitution of the United States, and
when ratified by tho Legislaturesof three fourths of
tho States bo a part of said constitution :
There is hereby established the constitutional tri-
biitial, with power to decide all questions of conflict
of jurisdiction or power between the United titates
and the States, or any of them; all questions of
the constitutionality of bills passed by Congress or
of acts of every kind done and performed by any
Department or offiocr or other person under the
authority of the Government of the United States
and to open and count the votes of the electors of
1 resident and Vice President of tho United States.
Proceedings may bo had before the constitutional
tribunal by original petition, or by appeal or writ
of error from tho judgments or docrces of all tho
courts of the United States and the States, by and
in the name of any State or person, natural or arti-
ficial, directly interested in the questions involved
in the proceeding. The concurrenceof a majority of
the whole number of the tribunal, counting one for
every State, shall be necessary to enable it torender
any judgment or decree; and they shall be executed
ana enforced by 1 he United States according to law.
Men btate shall be entitled to and shall choose ono
member of the constitutional tribunal, who at tho
time of being chosen shall be not less than thirty
years of age. and who shall have been ten yearsacit-
17'e" of tho United States, and five years a resident
of the State. Ihe members of the tribunal shall hold
their omces ciuring good behavior: shall receive
compensation from their respective States; may be
removed by them for treason, bribery, corruption in
oince, or otherhigh crimes and misdemeanors, or
mental imbecility. The tribunal may regulate the
tunes and continuance of its terms for the transac-
tion of business.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire whether that
resolution had not belter be changed to a bill,
according to our practice now?
Mr.^ POMEROY. All amendments to the
Constitution have to be by joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Why may they net be sub-
mitted by act ?
Mr. POMEROY. All acts go to the Presi-
dent.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon:
President0*30^'011 *S a^wa^a s'2ne(l by the
Mr. POMEROY. Amendments to the Con-
stitution have always been submitted in this
way.
Mr. SUMNER. I know they have been, but
our present effort is to have one system of acts,
and not two systems, acts and joint resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joi nt reso-
lution is not subject to amendment at present.
It has been read a first time, and will be laid on
the table and printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will ask the
Clerk to change it to the form of a concurrent
resolution. A resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution does not go to the
President.
LEAVENWOKTH AND GALVESTON RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to discharge the
Committee on Public Lands from the further
consideration of the bill (S. No. 45) to enable
the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
Railroad Company to relocate a portion of its
road, with a view to having it considered at
the present time. A similar bill was reported
at the last session. It is a local matter relat-
ing to my own State. It relates to a change
of the line of the road—just a little change.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I now ask that the bill
be acted upon. My colleague and myself desire
action at once, because the work is suspended.
The company simply want to change the line.
There is no grant in it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the bill
in line six by striking out the words " Neosho
river" and inserting "town of Thayer,"
and in line eleven by striking out the word
"to " and inserting "thereby to change;" and
also striking out the words "the same," at
the end of the same line, and inserting " said
land grant;" so that the bill will read :
That the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
Railroad Company, forthe purpose of improving its
route and accommodating the country, may relocate
any portion of its road south of the town of Thayer,
within the limits of its grant, as prescribed by the
act of Congress entitled/' An act for a grant of lands
to the State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads and tele-
graphs in said State," approved March 3,1863, but
not thereby to change, enlarge, or diminish said
land grant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as'amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 221)
relating to the boundary line between the city
of Fort Smith and the adjoining military res-
ervation ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FBNTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 222) to provide for additional mail service
to Brazil; wliich was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 223) granting a pension to Harriet DeWitt
Mitchell; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON also asked , and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 224) for the relief of Kenneth Mackenzie;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 225) to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
