1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
expenses of the Government for the year ending
Juno 30,1871, and for other purposes," be, and the
same is hereby, continued until Juno 30,1872.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is a general
provision in this bill as to all public works
which covers that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that the pro-
vision to which he alludes is au amendment of
the Committee oil Appropriations, and applies
to appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872. This amendment relates to an
appropriation made heretofore for the current
fiscal year.
Mr. BAYARD. It merely continues for the
next year an appropriation made for the pres-
ent fiscal year. I trust the Senator from Ohio
will let it pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that, the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after five
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and the Senate (atone o'clock
and fifteen minutes p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiiuksday, March 10, 1871.
The House met attwelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. ordkb qf DUSISEg8>
Mr. GETZ. i ask leave to present a reso-
lution for reference to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. LOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer for consideration now a bill to provide for
the sale of certain Indian lands in Kansas,
known as the "Cherokee strip," to the set-
tlers on the same. The bill has been agreed
to by the agent of the Cherokee nation of
Indians, and a committee of the occupants of
the lands now in this city. The matter is one
of great interest, the object being to enable
several thousand settlers to purchase their
homes, and the passage of the bill is anxiously
desired by the Indians.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and demand the regular order.
thksonal explanation.
Mr. KELLE Y. I ask leave to make a brief
statement, which may be regarded as in the
nature of a personal explanation, but more
expressly for the purpose of asking to be ex-
cused from acting on the committee to invest-
igate southern outrages, to which you did me
the honor to appoint me. Neither the condi-
tion of my health nor of my affairs will permit
me to pledge the summer to any public duty.
1 have been for some time under medical care,
and am threatened with a serious pulmonary
affection. At the adjournment of the session
I must seek repose rather than enter upon
new and exciting labors. I therefore request
the House to excuse mo.
While on the floor, I beg leave to invite the
attention of the House to a circular laid upon
the desk of members this morning, in which it
is charged that the appointment of the com-
mittee and the legislation of yesterday were
the result of a combination of the high-tariff
Republicans with the Democracy. I beg leave
most emphatically to deny that assertion, and
to say that I was on the floor yesterday as a
high-tariff Republican, and voted on every
question put while my health permitted me to
be here; and by an examination of the Journal
it will be found that my views were on all ques-
tions consistent with those of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] while the
revenue reformers around me, the men who
joined with the Democratic party of the House
and gave it its ascendency and success in its
assaults upon the industry of the country,
by showing a determination to rush through
without debate or consideration a repeal of
duties on articles in the production of which
many thousands of American laborers are
employed, all voted against me when they
voted in opposition to my accuser, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
In the name of the industrial interests of the
country, and their Representatives upon the
floor, I make this early, earnest, and hon-
est protest against this false and unfounded
accusation ; and, having done this, I ask the
House to excuse me from serving upon the
committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I may
be pardoned for saying a word in reply to what
has been said by my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley.] I have made no accusation
against him. His vote has always been in
accordance with his party obligations. He
attended the caucuses of the party so long as
his health permitted. I know that he is not
one of those who entered into the combination.
But I ask, is there any other high-tariff gentle-
man who desires the floor to explain his vote?
I say again, analyze the votes, and, while
admitting that two or three high-tariff men
have voted with the Republican party, I say,
and I reaffirm, that this resolution, which is
so obnoxious to a majority of the Republicans
on this floor, was put through lest there should
be legislation on the tariff.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask whether the
gentleman is not aware that a majority of the
Republican members who voted yesterday onj
the resolution voted for it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iam not.
Mr. PETERS. An analysis of the yeas and
nays, as made by many gentlemen, shows that
fifty-eight Republicans voted for, and fifty
Republicans against, the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood all that perfectly. The resolution was
sprung upon the House. Many of the warm-
est opponents of the resolution, southern men,
as well as other good Republicans, voted for
it because they saw from the trick that was
played upon them that there would be no other
legislation except this in favor of the South,
and they did not like to vote against it.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask my col-
league a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
finish my sentence. Thereupon they voted in
that way ; so that they might not be placed in a
seemingly false position at home. But that was
not the way in which the eighty-four men who
attended the Republican caucus hold the night
before, which many of those gentlemen who
voted for the resolution either did not attend
or left before its deliberations got through,
intended and ordered their committee to bring
(he matter of protection to southern Union
men before the House. By the aid of a major-
ity of the Democratic votes, the legislation of
this House is carried on in defiance of any
organization of Republicanism. Now I will
yield to- a question from my colleague, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. What I desire to ask my
colleague is that he will state explicitly what
he means by the term "trick," which he ap-
plies to his fellow-members upon the floor
acting under the same responsibility that he
acts under?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The term
what ?
Mr. DAWES. What the gentleman means
when he applies the term "trick" to the
action of his fellow-members here upon the
floor. I want to know what my colleague
means by applying the term "trick" to fifty -
eight of his political associates upon this floor
who differ with fifty, acting upon the same
sense of responsibility and the same sense of
duty that my colleague acts upon here in this
House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand that I applied the term "strict
Republicans."
Mr. DAWES. My colleague in his circu-
lar that he has been pleased to place upon
our desks 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why
should I wait when I do not choose to?
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. In that circular, and in the
remarks which just fell from his lips, he says
that the resolution was carried by a trick.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
what I did say was this: that it was sprung
upon the House by a trick; and I do not apply
it to fifty-eight men.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague has forgotten
what he said himself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not forgotten.
Mr. DAWES. More's the pity, then.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
troubled about all this. I say here that after
the Republican caucus, regularly called, of the
duly-elected members of this House, at which
the gentleman was present until he found what
the action of the caucus was to be, had acted,
and had determined what measure should be
put before the House for its consideration, then
that was a legislative trick by which a minority
of the party sprung a question upon the House
which compelled the votes of a portion of the
Republicans and gave a seeming majority
to a measure illusory in its character and use-
less in action, which had no majority in fact
iu its favor, so that the measure of the majority
might be defeated by aid of Democratic votes.
There are gentlemen all around me who did
not feel at liberty to vote against the resolution
when it was thus sprung upon them, who felt
about it just the same as I do, but felt obliged
to vote for it lest they should be compromised.
That is what I mean by a legislative "trick,"
by which a seeming majority is compelled
where there is none in fact. I mean that when
a man stays out of the caucus of the Repub-
lican party, and that caucus settles a measure,
and then he comes in and undertakes to thwart
that party by the aid of the votes of our oppo-
nents, whom I expected to vote, by offering a
measure that they can support, and he gets them
to support what a Republican majority cannot
do, as these gentlemen did, that, I say is a legis-
lative trick ; and I say it with a full knowledge
of my responsibility. If it is not true in the
judgment of the country I shall fail. If it is
true, then on the heads of those who did it be
the responsibility of the loss of life, liberty,
and property of our friends, the loyal men of
the South, unprotected and uncared for by any,
aid they receive from Congress when our hands
are tied by this "trick."
Mr. KELLEY. I desire, inasmuch as I am
simply replying to an assault on the protec-
tionist members of the House, to ask the gen-
tleman whether an examination of the record
will not show that those Republicans who
voted to repeal the duties on articles which
American labor produces, but voted against
the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee,
which we cannot produce, and which do not
compete with any of our industries, do not
make the bulk of the Republican vote, of which
he complains ; and whether he does notsaddle
upon innocent shoulders the offenses of the
revenue reformers, who gave the Democratic
party the ascendency in this House and have
maintained it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The vote
upon the late measures of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] in reference to coal, and
salt, and tea and coffee, by no means shows
