830
THE CO^ G-itKSSIOiV AL GLOBE.
April 19,
believe that to-day secession would have been
an accomplished fact? The question whether
we had power to make war to suppress the
rebellion was the first thing discussed ; it was
the issue upon which the two parties divided.
Mr. BLAIR. What side did Mr. Greeley
take on that?
Mr. STEWART. I am not talking about
Mr. Greeley now. I am speaking about the
Republican party.
Mr. BLAIR. Greeley was a Republican as
much as Buchanan was a Democrat.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to be in-
terrupted. I am talking about the Democratic
party and the issue it made 111 the beginning.
The issue it made was that there was no power
to suppress the rebellion] no power to coerce
the States. Upon that issue a peace Democ-
racy was formed, and those of the Democratic
party who believed in this Union joined the
Union forces. Those who believed in that
power were known as the war Democrats, but
the leaders of the organization were known as
the peace Democracy, and they maintained
and defended at that time the position taken
by Buchanan.
Mr. THURMAN. How many Democrats
in Congress voted against raising armies and
supplying them ?
Mr. SfEWART. How many?
Mr. THURMAN. How many, I ask you.
Mr. STEWART. You examine the record
and see.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, yes ; that is the best
answer you can give!
Mr. STEWART. That was the first issue
made. Now, let us go on and see what other
issues were made and the positions the Demo-
cratic party took upon them. We may as well
look over the record and see whether every-
thing the Republican party has done has been
a violation of the Constitution. The next
question that came up on which the Democ-
racy took an opposite view from us, in which
they said that there was no authority for our
action, was jji regard to the draft. They said
it was unconstitutional to have a draft; and it
was unconstitutional to interfere in any possi-
ble way with the institution of slavery. It was
constitutional to return slaves, but unconstitu-
tional to interfere with slavery in any manner.
Slaves might be used by the rebels to build
fortifications and our men might be sent down
South to die before those fortifications ; slaves
might be used to supply the rebel armies ; but
our officers were bound, under their ideas of
the Constitution, to return escaping slaves to
those from whom they escaped. Some men
even lelt the Union party because the Union
party took the position that it was necessary
t,o make war upon slavery which was support-
ing this rebellion. That was one of the great
struggles we had on the question of constitu-
tionality.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator from Nevada
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. Did the Senator vote for
Breckinridge for President in 1860?
Mr. STEWART. I did not.
Mr. BLAIR. For whom did you vote?
Mr. STEWART. I did not vote at all that
year ; I was in a Territory at that time, but I
was a Democrat until this war broke out.
Mr. BLAIR. A Breckinridge Democrat?
Mr. STEWART. No, not particularly a
Breckinridge Democrat, but I remained with
the organization, though I did not take any
active part until the war broke out; I was in a
Terntorv at that time. These are good little
things to dodge off the main issue. We are
talking now about how the Republican party
violated the Constitution.
In the course of the rebellion it became evi-
dent that we had to sacrifice any number of
white men, any number of Union men, or make
war on the real cause of the rebellion—slavery.
We saw that it was costing life and blood and
property and endangering the Union every
hour we em ployed our soldiers to return slaves.
Still the Democratic party held that we were
bound to do it, and that it was unconstitutional
not to do it.
When Mr. Lincoln issued his proclamation
warning the southern people that if tbey did
not lay down their arms he would strike a blow
at slavery, what a howl we heard about the
violation of the Constitution ! And yet we are
told to-night that these Democrats all the time
knew a constitutional way of putting down the
rebellion; but they opposed every step we
took.
After the rebellion was finally put down
everything we did was unconstitutional accord
ing to them. When the rebellion wai put
down, they said it was unconstitutional for
those who had saved this Union, unconstitu-
tional for those who had devised the ways and
means by which the war had been prosecuted
to a successful termination, unconstitutional
for the Union-loving people of this country to
have a voice in the matter of reconstruction.
They could put down the rebellion, but tkey
must leave it iu such a position that it could
reorganize ; they had 110 power to perpetuate
the authority of the United States in those
States. That is a matter we have been dis-
cussing for the last six years, the question
whether or not, after having suppressed the
rebellion, there was any authority in the Gov-
ernment to maintain the Union in the lately
rebellious States, to organize them m harmony
with the Union, and take security that there
should not be another rebellion.
We are told that all our action is unconsti-
tutional. These gentlemen say they were per-
fectly willing all the time that the rebellion
should be put down but it must be constitu-
tionally done.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way
for a motion for an adjournment until half
past ten o'clock to-raorrow ? [•' Oh, no."]
Mr. STEWART. I would as soon go on
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on and see if
we cannot dispose of some one thing to-night.
Mr. STEWART. All our reconstruction
measures have been assailed as unconstitu-
tional, and these gentlemen have gone so far
as to assert that it was unconstitutional for us
to submit constitutional amendments to the
States. Each act of ours has been an outrage
according to them. On every occasion we
have had the same argument. We have had
the question argued at every step. Now again
we come to a great constitutional proposition ;
and what is it? We find that- in the rebel
States organizations exist that are persecuting
Union men because they are friends of the
Union. That is the situation now. We find
a vast organization of Ku Klux murdering
innocent men for no other reason than because
they are friends of the Union. We find men
that are enraged because we exercise the
necessary powers to preserve this Union, still
prosecuting that same war. We find those
who had the patriotism to proclaim themselves
friends of the Union, those who foughtin your
armies or were Union men in the South during
the war, now lose their lives at the hands of
men whose hands were dyed with loyal blood
during the war.
Now, it is said that there is a perfectly con-
stitutional way to do it, but we have not found
it out. I believe that the American people
want this done. I believe they want these
things stopped. I believe they want muider
in the South stopped. I do not doubt it. I
believe they want this rebellion to be crushed,
whether it appears upon the open field, brave
as of yore, or whether it skulks at night to
murder the weak and the lowly. I believe
there is as much indignation against it now in
the latter form as there was during the war in
the former. I believe the American people
are just as much opposed to having this Union
destroyed by assassination as by manly war.
I believe that that is tin; disposition and desire
of the American people, and the question is
how it is to be done.
These gentlemen say there is a constitutional
way to do it, but it is not in the Constitution
of the United States. Where is it then? In
the State constitution, and we must leave it to
the States to do. Ay, but was not that same
thing in the State constitutions before? Did
they not have the same thing m the Stale con-
stitutions in 1861? Did the State constitu-
tions prevent the rebels from firing on Sum-
ter? l)id the State constitutions prevent them
| from murdering your soldiers at Andersioii-
villc? Did the State constitutions prevent,
them from attempting to tear down this Union?
Did they aft'ord any obstacle? None whatever.
You have to iirid in the Constitution of the
United States the power to suppress rebellion.
Do the State constitutions furnish protection
against these Ku Klux? The State govern-
ments to-day are in the hands of the Ku Klux
as much as they were in the hands of the lead-
ers of the rebellion during the war. They con-
trol the State organizations in many States.
The gentlemen say, let the States attend to
this matter, they have ample power to do it;
btft the fact that they do not do it is the all-
important fact, is the conclusive answer. The
power is not there because it is not exercised,
or if exercised is exercised for evil and not for
good. We have had experience of their exer-
cise of power.
The power is in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. If the powerto preserve this Union,
to suppress rebellion, to suppress Ku Klux
organizations that murder American citizens
because they love the Union, is not in the
Constitution, we have no Government, seces-
sion is a fixed fact, any State that desiies
to be hostile to the General Government can,
by assassination, murderthose who are friendly
to the Government, murder your revenue offi-
cers, murder them as they have done and are
doing daily. I say that practically dissolves
your Government. I should like to hear these
Democrats point out the constitutional power,
the proper way to accomplish this end. 1 must
infer from the fact that they are silent as to
the means, that they do not desire that end
should be accomplished. I must infer that
the peace Democracy never desired the re-
bellion to be suppressed. I must infer that
those who oppose the reconstruction policy
as it progressed, desire that the rebels should
do their own reconstruction, a,nd reorganize
their rebellion. I must infer that those who
see no means now to protect the loyal men of
the South except to turn thein over to those
organizations that are brought into existence
for the express purpose of annihilating them
and driving them out of the country do not
desire that they shall be protected, but are
willing that they shall be slaughtered, willing
that the authority of the Government of the
United States shall be removed from this sec-
tion, willing thatyour revenue officers shall be
scourged.
They have pointed out no means to protect
the revenue officers. The Republican party
that has devised a means and carried it for-
ward, and has saved the country, is here
arraigned to-night as the violator of the
Constitution. Where would have been your
Constitution but for the Republican party ?
Where would have been your Constitution if
secession had been a success ? Where would
have been your Constitution if each State to-
day was independent and there was no Gen-
eral Government, and secession had been
recognized either directly or for a weak and
miserable want of power to suppress it?
Where would have been your Constitution if
ttie rebellion had been successful by means of
the slave power, by means of the labor of the
slaves, and you had continued to protect that
labor in rebel hands until you failed in the
