124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
the tariff or revenue reform strength in this
House. For one, I voted steadily against the
repeal of the duty on coal, although I think
the duty an unwise one. I did not vote on the
salt question, because I did not desire to take
part in legislation shaped by the Democratic
party in this House. If we, the Republican
party, the majority, want to repeal the duties on
salt, we will do it in our own way; we will not
follow the lead of the Democracy. If we want
to repeal the duty on coal, we will do it in our
own good time and for our own purposes; we
will not do so under the lead of Democracy as
a Democratic measure. If we want to repeal
the duties on tea and coffee we will do it ; we
will not follow the Democracy. I voted for
the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee ; still
I think it would be unwise in the present state
of the Treasury to take off all those duties.
That was the feeling under which I voted. I
did so because I wanted the country to see
where our party would go if we continued to
follow the Democratic lead and vote their
measures. The difficulty is that I am all the
time obliged to shape my action so that the
majority of this House may carry on the legis
lation of the country for itself, and not permit
the Democratic minority by a careful and
artfully prepared resolution of a Republican
minority to do it, as in this instance, and defeat
the will of the Republican majority.
Mr. DAWKS. Is there any better way than
to acquiesce in the majority?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
always to acquiesce with the Republican major-
ity and never wilh the Democratic majority.
[Laughter.] That is the way in which I under-
stand aeauiesceuce.
Mr. DAWES. How do you cipher fifty-
eight to fifty ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cipher
fifty-eight to fifty by men who were compelled
to vote for the resolution or compromise them-
selves. That was the reason why the resolution
was so cunningly prepared.
Mr. DAWES. There does not seem to be
anybody troubled but you.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
in the slightest trouble. I think somebody
else will liud trouble for thus defeating legis-
lation to give peace to the South when they
reckon with the people.
Mr. PETERS. I offered the resolution
yesterday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Did you
write it?
Mr. PETERS. I did not write it; it was
written by the Speaker of the' House, my
friend. And the friends of the resolution, in
the little time which they had, went about the
House and conferred with gentlemen, con-
ferred wilh the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] A great many
Republicans thought it a desirable thing as a
compromise, a middle ground ; that it ought to
pass anyhow, even if other legislation was to
follow it. It was not sprung upon the House,
for all the notice was given that could possibly
be given to the friends of the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. It was shown to the gentle-
man himself.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, it was shown to the
gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly; and what was the answer?
Mr. PETERS. The answer is not asked;
the facts are all that are asked for.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes;
the answer was that under no condition would
I support it.
Mr. PETERS. I did not attend any of the
caucuses called. Many of the gentlemen of our
party were of the opinion that it was merely
a caucus for advisement and conference, and
that they were not bound by what the majority
should do.
Mr. AMBLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that that statement was made in the
caucus ?
Mr. PETERS. I understand so?'it was so
stated by several gentlemen. We were urged
to be present upon the ground that no action
ought to bind us, that no action could bind us ;
that it was a mere conference to ascertain the
opinions of each other, to see how near they
could come together upon some point. There
was no trick of legislation, and no attempted
trick ; there was no concealment. I was not
present in the caucus. But if I Had been, and
if there had been a unanimous vote against the
offering of this resolution, yet, standing here as
I do, representing my constituency here, and
acting upon my conscience and upon my con-
victions, no caucus decision would have re-
strained me from using the right which I have,
at least in this present Congress, in this House
of Representatives, to vote and act as I please.
I will go into a caucus and bind myself to
abide by its decision in reference to the organ-
ization of the House. I will go into a caucus
and, if possible, by conference agree with my
political friends to a certain extent. But I
am not to be concluded from voting against
a measure because the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] opposes it, or vice
versa. I am not to be driven into voting
against free salt because the Democracy want
free salt; nor am I to be driven into voting
against free coal because the Democracy want
free coal. I am glad that they will agree with
me when I stand upon my opinions and upon
my convictions. I believe in the salutary effect
of the resolution which has been passed. And
I congratulate the House and the country that
it has been passed by a majority of all the
Republican members then voting, and by a
majority of all the Democrats voting on that
question, and if there are gentlemen upon this
*8ide 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a question ?
' Mr. PETERS. Wait a moment. If there
are gentlemen on this side of the House who
have been so cowardly as to vote against their
opinions and their convictions the responsi-
bility is with them, and not with me or with us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will you
yield for a question now ?
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What
would the gentleman have thought of me and
ten of my associates if we had come into the
House after the caucus had made their nom-
ination for Speaker and had voted to throw
the Speakership into the hands of the minority
of this House, as might have been done ? ft
is a caucus called merely for the purpose of
nominating a candidate for Speaker.
Mr. PETERS. I should have supposed you
had some devilish design underneath. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I think about this. You and I
agree exactly.
Mr. BLAINE, the Speaker, (Mr. Wheeled
in the chair.) I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleu] whether he
denies to me the right to have drawn that
resolution ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
made no assertion on that subject one way or
the other.
Mr. BLAINE. Did not the gentleman dis-
tinctly know that I drew it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. Did I not, take it to the
gentleman and read it to him ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. Did I not show hirn the
manuscript?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. In my own handwriting?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr, BLAINE. And at his suggestion I
addedthese words: "and the expenses of said
committee shall be paid from the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives," [ap-
plause ;] and the fact that ways and means
were wanted to pay the expenses was the only
objection he made to it.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. What was
the answer the gentleman made ? I suppose
I may ask that, now that the Speaker has come
upon the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. The answer was that I im-
mediately wrote the amendment providing for
the payment of the expenses of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What was
my answer? Was it not that under no circum-
stances would I have anything to do with it,
being bound by the action of the caucus?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; the answer was that
under no circumstances would you serve as
chairman.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Or have
anything to do with the resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. There are two hundred and
twenty-four members of the House of Repre-
sentatives. A committee of thirteen can be
found without the gentleman from Massachu-
setts being on it. His service is not essential
to the constitution of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why did
you not find such a committee, then ?
Mr. BLAINE. Because I knew very well
that if I omitted the appointment of the gen-
tleman it would be heralded throughout the
length and breadth of the country by the
claquers who have so industriously distributed
this letter this morning, that the Speaker had
packed the committee, as the gentleman said
he would, with " weak-kneed Republicans,"
who would not go into an investigation vigor-
ously, as he would. That was the reason.
[Applause.] So that the Chair laid the respons-
ibility upon the gentleman of declining the
appointment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I knew
that was the trick of the Chair.
Mr. BLAINE. Ah, the "trick! " We now
know what the gentleman meant by the word
"trick." I am very glad to know that the
"trick" was successful.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No doubt.
Mr. BLAINE. It is this "trick" which
places the gentleman from Massachusetts on
his responsibility before the country.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Exactly.
Mr. BLAINE. Wholly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Wholly.
Mr. BLAINE. Now, sir, the gentleman
from Massachusetts talks about the coercion
by which fifty-eight Republicans were made
to vote for the resolution. I do not know
what any one of them may have to say ; but if
there be here to-day a single gentleman who
has given to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts the intimation that he felt coerced, that
lie was in any way restrained from free action,
let him get up now and speak or "forever
after hold his peace."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says in his letter—
"Having been appointed against my wishes, ex-
pressed both publicly and privately, by the Speaker
as chairman of a committee to investigate the state
of affairs in the South, ordered to-day by Demo-
cratic votes, against-the mo.-1 earnest protest ot 'more
than two-thirds majority of the Republicans of the
House."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, s'r.
Mr. BLAINE. This statement is so bald
and groundless that I do not know what reply
to make to it. It is made in the face of the
fact that on the roll-call fifty-eight Republicans
voted for the resolution, and forty-nine besides
the gentleman from Massachusetts against it.
I deny that the gentleman has the right to
speak for any member who voted for it, unless
it may be the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] who voted for it for the purpose
probably of moving a reconsideration—a very
common, a very justifiable and proper course
whenever any gentleman chooses to adopt it.
I am not criticising it at all. But if there be
any one of the fifty-eight gentlemen who voted
for the resolution under coercion I would like
