1871.
THE CONCESSION" A. L GLOBE.
831
contest? Wherf; would have been your Con-
stitution if the rebel States had been reorgan-
ized on a rebel basis? They would to day
have been flaunting defiance in your face, and
refusing to obey your laws. Where now will be
your Constitution, where will be your Union
if a secret organization, is allowed to grow up
and be protected in the South whereby every
man who speaks m favor of the Union and the
flag is liable to be assassinated at night? It
would be a Union with a country and with a
people who assassinate you because you are a
Union man, and what kind of a Union would
that be? The thing cannot be. We must
either have a Constitution that protects Ameri-
can citizens every where, that protects the Gov-
ernment and its officers everywhere, wo must
have obedience to law, or we have no Govern-
ment.
Let these Democrats point the way to ac-
complish this, to have union and obedience to
law, before they accuse us of violations of the
Constitution. I have heard too much of this.
I have sat still for six weeks past and heard my
party accused, the people accused, the Gov-
ernment accused as violators of the Constitu-
tion, and put on trial by whom ? By the peace
Democracy and their collaborators in the late
rebellion. We are put on trial by them for
want of fidelity to the Constitution 1 Is not that
a climax, is that not a degree of impudence
and audacity which far excels anything that
has yet appeared ? I have no words to express
my astonishment at the bravery of men who
have not done aught to save this Government,
whose allies in the South fought four years to
destroy it, a majority of whose party saw plenty
of ways to tear down and notie to build up,
arraigning us as violators of the Constitution,
and saying that it was a very easy thing to do
all this constitutionally. I want to do it con-
stitutionally, and if the Democrats will show
me a way to stop assassination in the South
without passing laws here and without attempt-
ing to enforce laws, I will go with them. I
want to see the end accomplished. I want to
see the supremacy of this Government main-
tained. I want to see every man in all this
broad land, be he high or low, protected in all
his rights.
Let that be accomplished; show me a way
to do it, and that is what I want; but until
you are able to show me a way to do that you
will have to stand by and see us do it. You
may complain a little, but that is all it will
amount to; we shall go on and do it. The
American people want it done. They wanted
the Union maintained, they wanted the rebel-
lion suppressed, they wanted the southern
States when the rebellion was suppressed
placed in loyal hands ; they now want the Ku
Klux put down, tliey want Union men pro-
tected. and they will sustain that party which
sustains these principles, aud they will repudi-
ate any party that does not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. On this question lam
paired with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Cameron, who, if present, would vote
" yea," and I should vote " nay."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question I am paired with the Senator from
Maine, Mr. Hamlin. He, if present, would
vote "yea" and I should vote "nay."
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Sumner.
If he were here he would vote "yea" and I
should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 86, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman. Cald-
well, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,Cragm,
Edmunds, Ponton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stow-
art.. West, Wilson, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stockton,
and Vickers—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Oorbett., Perry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Kellogg,
Morton, Pool, Pratt, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson,
Sumner, Thuruian, Tipton, Trumbull, and Win-
dom—21.
So the report was concurred in.
final adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING. I move now to take up
the resolution which I offered yesterday fix-
ing the hour of adjournment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
resolution so as fix two o'clock to morrow as
the hour. Then we can send it to the House
of Representatives with the hill we have just
passed, and they can take it up al ter they have
disposed of the bill and act on it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will that give us time
enough, meeting at twelve?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; wehave noth-
ing to do to-morrow. The House of Repre-
sentatives is to act on the conference report,
and it meets at half past ten o'clock, so that
this will give the House four hours and a
half. If they need longer time they will have
the resolution iu their own hands and can fix
the hour later to suit themselves. Our work
is done.
Mr. COLE. Suppose we fix the hour at
twelve o'clock and let the House amend the
resolution by fixing a later hour if they see fit.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator must re-
member that this bill must be enrolled, and we
might get into close corners if we should fix
twelve o'clock. Four hours and a half, how-
ever, will probably be abundant time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not aware that
the House met at half past ten o'clock to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to;
and so it was
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa;
tives concurring.) That on Thursday, the 2Uth of
April instant, at two o'clock )>. in., the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives adjourn their respective Houses without
day.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
['lie motion was agreed to; and (at one
o'clock and two miuutes a. m. of Thursday,
April 20) the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April '20, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. .1. P. Newman*, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announcedthat the President had, on the 19th
instant, approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 45) to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston railroad to
relocate a portion of its road;
An act (S. No. 90) for the relief of John E.
Wheeler;
An act (S. No. 53) for the restoration of
Commander George A. Stevens, United Stales j
Navy, to the active list from the retired list;
An act (S. No. 89) to create a port of delivery
at Potomac, Virginia, and for other purposes;
and
An act (S. No. 187) to authorize the payment
of duplicate checks of disbursing officers.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had on this day approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (S. No. 29) amending an act to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
approved July 14, 1870;
An act (S. No. 110)concerning the compen-
sation of the collector of customs for the dis-
trict of Willamette, in the Scate of Oregon ;
An act (S. No. 232) to enable the Houghtor.
and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road ;
An act (S. No. 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage
its road;
An act (S. No. 235) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard;
An act (S. No. 257) to amend the act ap-
proved June 10, 1802, entitled " An act pro-
viding for ihe selection of jurors to serve in
the several courts of the Districtof Columbia;''
An act (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia,
to the trustees of the North Georgia Agricul-
tural College for educational purposes ; and
An act(S. No. 178) for the relief of Nicholas
P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON TIIH PRESIDENT.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
llesolved, That a committee of two members be
appointed, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed bv the House of Representatives, to wait
upon tho President and inform him that unless ho
may have some further communication to ruako,
the two Houses of Congress are ready to close their
session by adjournment without day.
The PRESIDENT jjj'o tempore beingauthor-
iz>d to appoint the committee, Mr Cokkling,
aud Mr. Davis of Kentucky, were appointed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of
A. 13. Wilson, praying for an extension by Con-
gress of letters-patent of the United States for
an improvement in sewing-machines granted
November 12, 1850; which was referred to the
Committee on Patenls.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
Daniel Huntress, deceased, by his executor,
William Shaw, of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, praying to be indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1800; which was referred to the Committee on
Forcgn Relations
He also presented a petition of sundry indi-
viduals, piaying that the name of John Swan-
son be placed on the register of the United
States Navy, in the list of retired masters not
in the line of promotion ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of Mrs. S. Ifi. Gibson aud one hun-
dred and forty-nine other women of Maryland,
protesting against, female sulfrage; which whs
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of all
succession taxes on successions known to the
law as " charities which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of 3ames
S. Purdy betaken from the fifes of the Senate and
ieferred to tho Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, it
was
Ordered, That James h. Henry have leave to with-
draw bis petition and papers from the files ot the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That Sarah A. Butt, administratrix of
Richard Butt, have leave to withdraw from the files
of the Senate her petition and papers.
post routes in indiana.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I move that tho
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
