1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 20, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. E. Bankijj, D. D., of Washington,
District of Columbia, as follows:
Oar Heavenly Father, with grateful hearts for
the blessings of the past, we again approach
Thy throne. In these closing hours of this ses-
sion, we pray that Thy blessing may be upon
the members of this body, that their hearts
may go up to Thee in gratitude for all Thy love
to them during the weeks of the past. We
pray that all the laws that have been enacted
may be so administered as to be for the peace
and benefit of the whole nation. We com-
mend unto Thee all our interests, material and
moral, spiritual and intellectual. We ask of
Thee that Thou wilt still continue to be with
us as a nation. Show us the pathway in which
Thou' wouldst have us walk, and help us to
walk in it. May we so exert the influence
which Thou hast given us as a great nation
that the other nations may be blessed through
us. Grant all these our requests, forgive our
sins, and accept us through Jesus Christ, our
Redeemer. Amen.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, the reading of the Journal of yesterday
was dispensed with.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes.
member-elect l'rom michigan.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
JRettoloed, That Wilder I>. Foster, member-elect to
this House from the fourth conzressional district of
Michigan, be now sworn in as a member of this
House.
Mr. Speaker, although the proper official
certificate of the election of Mr. Foster has not
yet reached him or this House, yet from tele-
graphic reports and from official returns of
the county canvassers it is apparent that Mr.
Foster has been elected by between five aud
six thousand majority. 1 ask the Representa-
tive from my State on the other side of the
House [Mr. Sutherland] to state his informa-
tion as to the returns ; and then, if there be
no objection, I ask that Mr. Foster may be
sworn in.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I hope this resolution
may be adopted. I have the highest evidence,
aside from the official canvass, that Mr. Foster
is elected by a very large majority.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike very much to object
to this proceeding; but 1 think it must be
apparent that it would be a very bad precedent
to admit Mr. Foster without any paper indi-
cating his title to a seat, and upon a mere oral
statement of gentlemen here. I have not a par-
ticle of doubt of the truth of these statements;
But I do not remember any case in which we
have admitted a member upon such statements
alone.
Mr. CONGER. Was it not done in the case
of the Connecticut members a week or two
ago?
Mr. DAWES. The Connecticut members
were sworn in upon some kind of a certificate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I should be
very glad to gratify the gentleman from Michi-
gan, and I have no doubt that what he states is
entirely true ; but I feel that the action he asks
would constitute too dangerous a precedent.
Mr. CONGER. If there is any objection
in this case, after Representatives from other
States have been admitted without official
certificates, I shall, of course, withdraw the
resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. When the
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 53.
Connecticut members presented themselves the
other day I objected to their being sworn in,
in the absence of the official Certificates ; but
I was overruled. I think the action in that
case was a bad precedent.
Mr. DAWES. The Connecticut members
had some sort of a certificate.
Mr. CONGER. They had no official cer-
tificate any more than Mr. Foster has.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. They had a
quasi official statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to pnt a
question to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Before the passage
of the act of 1863, was it not the uniform prac-
tice to make up the list of members from news-
papet reports; in other words, to get the fact
of the election of members historically aud not
from any official information furnished to the
Clerk ? My recollection is that during the first
two Congresses that I served here I never
exhibited my credentials.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman must be
aware that the statute of his Stat^ required
the secretary of State of that Commonwealth
to send the credentials of members-elect to
the House of Representatives. I only desired
to call the attention of the House to the ques-
tion involved here; but, although the action
proposed strikes me unfavorably, I withdraw
my objection.
Mr. POLAND. The admission of this gen-
tleman can only be by unanimous consent, and
it does not seem there is much in the objection
of the gentleman that we should be establish-
ing a bad precedent. It would never be applied
except in a case entirely free of doubt, where
every man knows from such information as is
satisfactory to him that such man has been
elected. It never can be used and never should
be used except in cases where everybody agrees
the man had probably been elected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Wliy not?
Mr. POLAND. Because a single objection
would prevent it. This gentleman can only
take his seat by unanimous consent. No man
can take his seat here unless he produces cre-
dentials. This is precisely like the case of the
Connecticut members. It is only as to the
degree of evidence we have whether they have
been elected. If there has been no official
count, if there are no credentials, nothing
upon which we could base our action, of course
unanimous consent will not be granted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Suppose
from a district in Georgia, or South Caro-
lina or Louisiana there should come a tele-
graphic statement that a certain gentleman was
entitled by the votes given for him to be con-
sidered as elected, that although the votes
were not counted, yet by general acquiescence
of the people he was considered as having
been elected; suppose in such a case there
was a doubt in the minds of members on the
other side of the House whether or not he
could take the oath, would they be willing to
admit him to a seat upon this floor?
Mr. POLAND. If that statement was
enough, if it was sufficient to satisfy every gen-
tleman in the House that the man had really
been elected, that every man felt the case was
entirely clear of doubt, thatno one could make
objection, that every member of the House as-
sented to his taking his seat, it would be like
this case. The question as to whether a man
has been elected or not goes by telegraph all
over the country,through all the papers. There
can be no harm or danger of allowiug gentle-
men to take their seats, whom I, everybody
understands to have been elected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Take the
case of Mr. Kellogg, of Connecticut; 1 have
no doubt he has been clected, but yet his ease
has not been settled.
Mr. POLAND. Where can the harm be if
he be admitted by unanimous consent? I do
not claim that he can be admitted in any other
way.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the gen-
tleman from Vermont will repeat the declara-
tion here, so that it may go as a matter of
record into the Globe that this is a precedent
never to be established, except by unanimous
consent, I will withdraw my objections.
Mr. POLAND. This will be aprecedent only
for just such another case, where every man
on both sides of the House is so perfectly sat-
isfied the man has been elected that by unan-
imous consent he is allowed to take his seat.
I do not claim that this man can take his seat
in any other way than by the'unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not in-
tend myself to make any objection. I desire
to state to the House why the Committee of
Elections did not report a resolution author-
izing this gentleman to take his seat. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] is
mistaken in stating there have been two cases
where gentlemen have been allowed to cotne
into the House under similar circumstances.
1 cannot, of course, speak of a period so
remote as that to which the gentleman from
Tennessee alludes ; but there has been no case
in this Congress or any Congress preceding it
when a gentleman, under such circumstances,
has been allowed to take his seat. The case
of the Connecticut members was different.
They presented the certificate of the secretary
of State, who declared that on a count of the
votes they were duly elected. We were entirely
satisfied that was the fact. We had theresome
legal evidence upon which we could base a
judgment; and on that we based our judg-
ment to the extent of admitting them to their
seats. My difficulty here is that we have not
yet before the House that the votes in this dis-
trict have been counted, and I do not know
how a man can be elected before the votes are
counted.
As regards the suggestion that this is no pre-
cedent, I agree there is nothing in the fact that
it is done by unanimous consent. This House
is to decide as to the qualifications of its own
members. If it is done by unanimous consent,
that is a precedent for that sort of case. It
is equally a precedent whether it is done by
unanimous consent or by a majority of two
thirds or by a majority of one. It is a prece-
dent for just that state of facts and nothing
else. When another case of the kind comes
up here, the House can put in a man who
applies for admission by a majority of one.
Having stated those facts to the House so that
they may be clearly understood, I shall entirely
submit myself to its action and be content with
what it may decide.
Mr. CONGER. I now yield for a few mo-
ments to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I only desire to say that
I have the impression that the action of Con-
gress in the case of Mr. Atwood was entirely
justified by the provisions of the Constitution
under which each House is to judge of the
election of its own members. Without the
certificate of the secretary of State, Mr. At-
wood, the successor of Mr. Hopkins, was sworn
in. And why? Because, by the public reports
in the telegrams simply, every member of this
House was satisfied that Mr. Atwood was
elected. You had the public reports in the
papers of the State, contradicted by nobody
and questioned by nobody, showing the elec-
tion of this gentleman by five thousand major-
ity. The very constitution of this House has
vested this discretion in every member of
it; and as the gentlemen from New York say
they have no doubt about it there can be noth-
ing wrong, and it is very proper for them to
say that they make no objection.
[ do think that every gentleman in this
House—out of respect to the privilege of the
people involved here, having no regard what-
ever to the privilege of the member elected—
when he has no doubt of the personal qualifica-
tion and of the election of the gentleman, ought
