834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
to allow him, when be presents himself at the
bar of the House, to be sworn in. If there be
any doubt about it, it is the duty of every gen-
tleman who has the least, doubt to say *'i
object," and that is the end of it. But where
there is no doubt, the privileges of the people
should not be postponed. Gentlemen may
say that this privilege may be abused on the
part of the person claiming admission. Bat,
if lie comes and practices a fraud on the House,
will his conduct not come within the provis-
ions of the rule in regard to misbehavior re-
quiring the House to expel him, and who is
there iiere who would not do it?
Air. CONGER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. banks ]
Mr. BANKS. There are two pariies inter
ested in this proceeding. One is the House
and the other is the people of Michigan. Now,
as I understand, theie is no intimation what-
ever from the people of Michigan that they
have elected this gentleman. And I, say we
ought not to admit a gentleman as a member
except on information of some character from
the oeople or the government of the State that
he has been elected.
It is said that be can be admitted by unani-
mous consent. A member of this House can
only be admitted as a matter of absolute right.
We cannot admit a member by unanimous
consent who has not an absolute right, and
there is no precedent in the history of our
Government, for the admission of a member
under such circumstances as are presented in
this case.
Mr. CONGER. I understand that this House
is the judge of ttie qualification and election of
its members.
Mr. POTTER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds further, 1 ask him to allow me to make
a correction. 1 desire to correct the statement
•which I made to the House a moment ago,
■when I said that I understood that the v<)ies
in this district had not been counted at all. I
did so understand. But I am informed that
that is a mistake, and that the votes have been
counted in the districts where they were re-
ceived, but that they have not been sent to
the central authority.
Mr. CONGER. I was about to correct that
statement,. I desire to say, as 1 have said once
before, that the canvass has been held. Ttie
election was on the first Monday of April, on
the same day as the Connecticut election; and
the canvass has been held under the laws of
Michigan in all the counties, and the official
returns have been sent in from almost all of
them. We have the telegrams of these official
returns, but we have not yet received the re-
turn of the official canvass by the secretary of
State. Gentlemen on the other side do not
say that there can be possible question, from
the returns we have, of the election. I under-
stand the objection is withdrawn.
Mr. DAVV ES. I desire to read the certifi-
cate upon which the Connecticut members
were admitted. It is as follows :
To whom it may concern :
I. D. W. EJgecomb, chief clerk in the office of the
secretary ol the State of Connecticut, and by custom
as such clerk ex officio clerk of the board ot canvass-
ers ot the said State, do hereby certify, by order of
Cuailes M. Fond, esq., treasurer of the State oi Con-
necticut itnd chairman of the s.iid board of canvass-
er-. as appears by the certificate of the said Charles
M, Fond, treasurer as aforesaid, hereto annexed, that
Julius L. Strong appears 10 be elected to represent
tiie fir^t congressional district of this State in the
5?ort\-Second Congress of the United States; that
Hesey H. Starkweather appears to be elected to
represent the i litrd congressional district of this State
in the I'orty-Srrond Congress of the United States;
that William H. Baexcsi appears to be elected to
represent in<* tourth congressional district of this
State m the Foiiy-Seeond Congress ot the United
Sutes, by satislactoiy testimony outside ot the oili-
sial canvass, said official canvass not having as yet
been made.
Pone this Xlth day of April, A. D. 1871.
D. W. EDUEUOMB,
Chief Clerk in the Office oj the Secretary
ot th« State of Connecticut,
and ex officio (Met k, as above set forth.
I, Charles M. Pond, treasurer of the State of Con-
asctiout, and. as suoh, chairman of the board of can-
vassers, do hereby certify to the facts as above set
forth.
Done this 11th day of Anril. A. D. 1871.
CHARLES M POND,
Treasurer of the Slate of Connecticut.
State op Connecticut.
uffice of the sttcretaby of state. HS.:
I, Thomas 11. Waller, secretary of the said State
of Connecticut, and keeper of the seal thereof, do
hereby certify that Charles M. Pond was, at the time
of subscribing the fo egoing attestation, treasurer
of the State of Connecticut, and that the signature
of the said Charles M. Pond is genuine.
Ami t further cernfy that D. W. Edgecomb was,
nt the time of subscribing theforeg ing attestation,
chief clerk in the offieeof the secretary of thU State,
and by custom, as such clerk, clerk of the bonrd of
canvassers, and that the siguatureof thesaid X). W.
Edgecomb thereunto is genuine.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
r „ -i h md and affixed the seal of said State, at
s.j Hartford, this 11th day of April, A. D. 1871.
THOMAS M. WALLER.
Secretary of State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say that all of
the certificates, certainly from Massachusetts,
and I believe from most of the States, set forth
simply that such and such persons appear to
be elected to this office. That is all that can
be certified, so that this certificate in substance
was like the certificate that my colleagues and
myself bringhereregularly when we areelected.
There is no precedent for this unusual motion
of the gentleman from Michigan, and it seems
to me that it is so fraught with evil that I must
insist upon my objection.
The question was put upon Mr. Conger's
motion; and there were—ayes twenty, noes
not counted.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw the resolution.
treaty-making power. -
Mr. BECK. I ask consent to offer the joint
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk
for consideration now. It is sitnp'y a copy of
the resolutiou of 1796, for which Mr. Madison
voted.
The Clerk read as follows;
Joint resolution asserting the power of the House
to make or withhold appropriations to carry out
treaties requiring the appropriation of money.
Resolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution that
the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present eon-
cur, the House of Representatives do not claim any
agency in making treaties, but that when a treaty
stipulates regulations on any of the subjects sub-
mitted by the Constitution to the power ot Congress,
it, must depend for its execution as to such stipula-
tions on the law or laws to bo passed by Congress,
and it is the constitutional right and duty of the
House of Representatives in all such eases to delib-
erate on the expediency or inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into effect, and to determine and act
thereon as in their judgment maybe most conducive
to the public good.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose the gentleman
desires to present that resolution in order that
it may he referred and printed.
Mr. BECK. I desire the House to act upon
it before the adjournment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, I must object to that.
Mr. BECK. Then I give notice that as soon
as it is in order I will move to suspend the
rules.
adjournment without day.
Mr. DAWES. I call up as a question of
privilege the resolution of the Senate in regard
to the final adjournment of the two Houses.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Revolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives do
adjourn their respective Houses without day on
Thursday, the 20th of April, at two o'clock p. m.
The question was taken ; and the resolution
was concurred in.
Mr. D.VWE3 moved to reconsider the vote
by which ttie resolution was concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fuom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sotf, oue of their clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amendment
a bill of the following title:
An act (£1. ii. No. 434) to establish certain
post routes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a committee, consisting of two mem-
bers, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives, to
wait upon the President and inform him that
unless he may have some further communica-
tion to make the two Houses of Congress were
ready to close their session by adjournment
without, day, and that Mr. Conkung, of New
York, and Mr. Davis, of Kentucky, had been
appointed as such committee.
committee to wait upon tub president.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lay before
the House, as a question of privilege, the fol-
lowing message lrom the Senate:
In Senate or United States,
April d), 1871.
Resolved, Thatacommittee.consistingoftwo mem-
bers, be appointed, to join such committee as may
be appointed by the House of Represeo tatives. to
wait upon the President and inform him that unless
heshould havesome further communication touiake
the two Houses of Congress are reatty to close their
session by adjournment without day.
The President pro tempore appointed Mr. CoxK-
ling, of New York, and Mr. ItAVis, ot Kentucky,
the committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I move that a committee of
three members be appointed by the Speaker
as the committee on the part of the House, to
act with the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate, to wait upon the President.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as such commit-
tee Mr. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. May-
jtard, of Tennessee, and Mr. Ely, of New
York.
indian lands in' kansas.
Mr. LOWE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking froui the Speaker's
table and having passed the bill (S. No. 272)
to provide for the sale of certain Indian lands
in Kansas, known as the Cherokee strip.
Ttie bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever the Cherokee nation ot Indians shall agree
thereto, in such manner as the President of
the United States shall prescribe, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be surveyed, as the public lands are
surveyed, and to dispose of all that part of ttie
lands of the said Cuerokee nation of Indians
lying within the State of Kansas known as the
"Cnerokee strip," to actual settlers only, said
settlers being heads of families or single per-
sons over twenty-one years of age, such settlers
being citizens of the United States or having
declared their intention to become such, in
quantities not exceeding ouehuudred and sixty
acres, in compact form, according to legal sub-
divisions, to each settler, at §1 25 per acre,
payment to be made in cash within one yeai
from the date of settlement by those settling
after the passage of the act, and by those set-
tling upon them before that date within one
year from the passage of the act: that all
lauds remaining unsold at the expiration of
five years from the pa3sage of the act shaH
be appraised at their actual cash value at that
time, such appraisement to be made by two
disinterested persons, one to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Interior, one to be des-
ignated by the authorities of the Cherokee
nation, and, in case of disagreement,, by a third
person, to be mutually selected by the afore
said appraisers; that the land so remaining
unsold shall thereafter be sold by the Secre-
tary of the Interior in parcels not to exceed
one hundred and sixty acres to any one per-
son, but at not less than the appraised value,
and the proceeds of the sale of said lands, and
that sold at$l 25 per acre as aforesaid, as fast
as the same may accrue, less the cost of survey
and sale, and at least once in each year, the
said net proceeds shall be invested in United
States registered stocks, according to the pro-
