1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
there had been previously an attempt to report
to the House, and also the bill of the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
barger, ] The two measures were incorporated
in one bill. After the statement had been
made, a resolution was proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] in these
words:
"Resolved, That tliereport bo accepted and adopted
as_ the sense of this convention, and that the com-
mittee be instructed to introduce it in the House of
Representatives and press it to passage."
After the introduction of this resolution the
question arose among gentlemen in the caucus
as to how far the vote for it would control their
free action in the House. Some gentlemen
put the question to the Chair as to what the
understanding was about that, and I remember
the reply was that it was the understanding of
the Chair that such a caucus was largely for the
purpose of conference among political friends
upon the general subject, and that the particu-
lar measure approved in caucus would not in
detail bind gentlemen in the House. Subse-
quently another gentleman asked, "Will the
adoption of this bill by the caucus prevent the
offering of amendments in the House?" and
it was said all over the caucus, "No, no; by
no means." One gentleman said: "If any-
body can propose anything belter in the House,
he will be at liberty to do it." Upon that
understanding the resolution which I have read
was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With how
many dissenting votes?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think with only
two.
Mr. AMBLER. But with a number of mem-
bers of the caucus not rising to vote for it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. That is true;
and I was about to add that statement. Within
my knowledge many members of the caucus
wished to adopt the bill of the gentleman from
Ohio alone, and supported the measure with
the expectation and intention of voting in the
House to strike out of it everything but the
pimple section of the gentleman from Ohio.
All understood that it would be open for
amendment, for the offering of substitutes,
and for the presentation of any measure which
any gentleman might bring before the House
looking toward the accomplishment of the
same object in a manner more in accordance
with the judgment and desire of members of
the House.
Mr. SHELDON. Let me ask the gentle-
man whether the bill was read in caucus at all ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have already
stated that the bill was never read in caucus:
its substance was stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Section
by section.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Now, sir, my
own understanding was, that in the House I
would be at liberty to support any measure
which in my judgment might accomplish in a
better and more practicable manner than the
bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts the
object in view. Upon that understanding I
voted yesterday for the resolution, and I am
satisfied with it now. I believe it promises
abundantly better, both for the South and the
country at large, than the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I prefer it very greatly ;
and so preferring it, how could I vote against
it in the vain hope that we might make some-
thing better out of the gentleman's bill when it
should be brought into the House, to do which
at that time there seemed very little oppor-
tunity ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether in his opinion the adoption
of that resolution supersedes the necessity of
any legislation to protect the people of the
southern States ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Not by any
means; but I think it is preparatory to such
• 42d CoNa. 1st Sess.—No. 9.
legislation. My objection to the whole meas-
ure proposed here is that there was not time
to mature it; that there could be no proper
consideration of it; and that what was done
here must necessarily ,be done, as might be
said, under whip and spur, without adequate
consideration. I think the case is altogether
too grave and serious for us to undertake to
apply any more empirical remedies to a dis-
ease which has so far baffled all our efforts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
gentleman whether we have not the time be-
tween now and December to sit here and
mature some measure?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will say to the
gentleman that I think it essential before legis-
lating on this subject there should be a careful
collation of facts in the first instance, and then
a careful and laborious examination of the
Constitution and laws of the country. There
should be mature considex-ation of measures
which will at the same time accomplish the
object we have in view and also be in accord-
ance with the fundamental law of the land.
And T am obliged to confess I had some scru-
ples in my mind in regard to the measures
which were being introduced. I felt that I
was not prepared to act on them, and that I
was not likely to be, without more examination
than we could give in the hurry of discussion
at the close of the session.
Mr. MAYNARD. Letrneaskthegentleman
whether he has read the evidence taken before
the Senate committee at the last session?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Part of it I
have.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would further inquire
whether he does not think it requires us to do
something?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Enough is shown
to invite the Congress of the United States at
the next session to a most careful consider-
ation and action in this whole matter; and I
am willing to tell the gentleman that I do not
believe any law we can pass here will be worth
a straw to remedy tho evils which exist in the
South. What is needed there, sir, is not law,
but the execution of the law. I do not find
in the measures proposed thus far anything
which satisfies my judgment in that regard.
I wish to find some means by which the people
of the South can be made to obey the laws of
the land. There are enough laws now. I
submit to the gentleman we have now more
than enough if we could only have them
executed.
Mr. BUCKLEY. If wo have laws enough
now upon the statute-book who is responsible
for those laws not being executed? If there
are enough laws for the protection of life and
property, who then is responsible for the mur-
ders, assassinations, and other outrages per-
petrated ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I hear the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama, and I
should be glad if he would answer it himself.
I am obliged to say that in my judgment the
difficulty i3 with the people there, who are
themselves responsible for the local govern-
ment, and something more must be done than
mere enactments by the Congress of tho Uni-
ted States. The question is one of great deli-
cacy and difficulty. Gentlemen must remem-
ber that the local administration of justice is
committed to the States and not to the United
States; and we cannot, at our own mere will
and pleasure, oust the States of their jurisdic-
tion. If crimes against the lives and property
of the citizens are not punished in any of the
States it gives occasibn for the most serious
concern. But shall we therefore proceed to
make laws and execute them in defiance ot
the constitutional authority of the Spates ?
How far does the power of Congress extend
in this direction? This is a very grave inquiry.
There must be found some more power in some
way, it is said, to execute the "laws; and I have
been ready to join the gentleman from Ala-
bama and other gentlemen on this and on the
other side of the House, to find by what means
the remedy can be applied. Not being able
to get a satisfactory answer I voted for the
resolution for the appointment of a committee
of thirteen, whose sole business it should be,
until next December, to examine carefully this
whole subject, and guide us in the way by
which we are to put down lawlessness and
violence in the South, and reestablish the
reign of law there. I believe I have said now
all I desired to say.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the indul-
gence of the House for two or three minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection provided we shall not be shut off
as soon as everybody who is against us shall
Mr. LYNCH. I object. There are fifty-
eight members here who have the same right
to speak on this same question as the gentle-
men who have spoken; and if they all claim
the right we wiil be kept here for a month.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Anybody
who voted with me, as I suppose the gentle-
man did, has no need to make any excuse for
his vote.
Mr. LYNCH. I have the same reason to
explain as the gentleman from Ohio. I voted
for the resolution, notbeeausel did not believe
some legislation necessary. I did believe it
necessary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] taken the floor?
If so, I will allow him to go on. If not 1
desire to be heard.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it not in
order to speak on the excuse my colleague
[Mr. Shellabarcjer] has offered for not serv-
ing on the committee?
The SPEAKER, Yes; but within a very
narrow limit.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
speak within that limit. I only desire to hold
the floor for two or three minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Can this debate go on
except by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated
all along that anything like general debate in
this connection must proceed by unanimous
consent. The limits of debate on excusing a
gentleman from serving 011 a committee are
necessarily very restricted. These limits have
been greatly trespassed by previous speakers.
But, if they are insisted upon, the Chair must
of course enforce them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
have the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Tho regular order is the
question on-which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gaiu.'ield] desires to address the Chair.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I sincerely re-
gret that my colleague from Ohio [Mr. Siiel-
labaeger] has asked the House to excuse
him. I hope he will reconsider his request to
be excused from serving on this committee.
I hope this mainly for one reason, to which I
desire to call the attention of the House. It
has been said concerning this committee that
tiiere is no element ofharmouy between them
and their chairman ; that the committee, being
of the Democratic partv, is largely composed
of secessionists, old Whigs, and Know-Nolh-
ings ; that these constitute the majority of this
committee. Therefore it has been objected it
can do no good. That is the objection which
i find in a printed document laid on oar desks
this morning, and signed by the gentleman who
is chairman of the committee. Now that is a
very serious objection, if, in fact, such be the
constitution of tho committee. Every Repub-
lican member of that committee should stand
above suspicion of belonging to any one of
those classes named by the chairman.
