836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Tyner, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Walls, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wii-
lard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur. Beck, Bird,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Crosslaml, Duke, Gets,
Hanks, John X. Harris, Kerr, King, Lamison, Mc-
Henry, McNeely, Merrick, Eli Perry, Edward Y,
Riee.John M. Rice, Sloss, Storm, and Terry—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames.Barnum,
Bell, Biggs, Bingham, James G. Blair, Bright, Bul-
fnton, Benjamin 3?. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo,
Cook, Crebs, Critcher, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey,
Duell, Porker, Henry D. Foster, Prye, Garrett, Good-
rich, llaldeman, Hambleton, Havens, Hay, Gerry
W. Hazletoa, Hereford, Kelley, Killinger, Kinsella,
Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, McCrary, McGrew, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
phis, Negley. Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Aaron
i'\ Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall,
Read, William R.Roberts, Robinson,Rogers,Roose-
velt, Sessions, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sloeum,
Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Stevenson, Strong, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Thomas,Dwight Townsexid. Tuthill, Upson,
Van Trump, V aughan, Voorhees, Washburn, Wells,
Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Winchester, and Wood—S9.
So (two thirds having voted in favor there-
of) the rules were suspended, and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, was permitted to make a
personal explanation.
During the roll-call, m
Mr. DAWES said: My colleague, mr. Buf-
finton, is paired with General Slocum of^New
York. If my colleague were here he would
vote "ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Tender-
ing my thanks to the House for its kind court-
esy, for the second time, I believe, during a
congressional attendance of four years, I find
myself called to trespass upon the indulgence
of the House a few words of personal explana-
tion.
Some days ago I had occason to consult
Senator Sawyer, in a place where he was to
be found, upon a matter of public business.
Finding a chair vacant near him, I sat down
and began conversation. Soon after, Mr. Gar-
rett Davis, of Kentucky, arose and began
remarks, in form of a speech, concerning the
outrages and murders ill Kentucky. Not deem-
ing it courteous to converse in his immediate
vicinity, to the interruption of a gentleman
speaking, I broke off my conversation, turned
around, and, having nothing better to do, lis-
tened patiently for the river to run by. I had
no intention or thought of disturbing the placid
flow of the muddy stream, and waited almost
listlessly until it came to an end. Mr. Davis,
surprised at the unusual courtesy of having
one attentive listener, seemed to suppose so
extraordinary a fact must have in it something
sinister and of evil design, whereupon he sud-
denly turned upon me and made, in a passion-
ate manner, some very unparliamentary and
otfensive utterances.
Unwilling by sign or movement to appear to
suppose the words personally applicable, I sat
perfectly quiet, keeping my countenance as im-
movable as if I were sitting for a photograph.
Nothing else appeared proper to be done, in a
place where I could neither reply to what was
said nor leave my position without misconstruc-
tion of the motive. What then took place is
better told in Mr. Davis's own words, in his
account of the matter in the same place, which
I quote:
" I then took my seat. He (Butler) continued an
oarnestand excited look at me, whereupon I turned
my seat to face him, and when we had looked each
other in the eye for an instant, I said to him, 'You
damned old scoundrel, are you here to scowl at and
browbeatme?' He made no reply, aird I repeated
that language. He then responded, 'I have not
addressed you, sir, or said a word to you.' I then said,
' W hat arc you here for; why did you scowl at me ?'
He answered, 'I did not scowl at you; you arc an
old man.' I rose to my feet and advanced one step
toward him and said, 'I am young enough to go with
you from the Senate Chamber wherever it is your
pleasure,' At this point of time Senator Wilson
stepped between us, laid his hand on Butler's
shoulder, said a tew words to him, and they walked
oil together."
Had Mr. Davis contented himself with this
statement, without words of personal epithet
and characterization, I should not have felt
called upon to notice further him or it. But
he added the following words:
" I have given the language, the words, between
General Butler and myself, and all of them. It
was not my intention to bring betoretlie Senate any
controversy with the universally recognized black-
guard, coward, and scoundrcl of the united States,
who himself does not dissent irom the general judg-
ment against him."
Being in a place where, by courtesy, I had a
right to be, but where I could not reply to an
indecent personal assault upon rue, made as
if in debate, and to which I could make neither
answer nor defense, andassuming Mr. Davis's
own description of the occurrences to be true,
I submit to the candid judgment of the House
and of all just men the question, who in this
affair, upon the Senator's own showing, played
the part of the courteous gentleman and who
the role of a " blackguard."
To raise the implication of a motive for this
unseemly attack upon an unoffending person,
in his further statement Mr. Davis says, in
substance, that a Mr. Brother had complained
to him that General Butler, while in com-
mand in New Orleans, had through a military
order taken a quantity of plate and furniture
belonging to Brother and carted it away; that
he, [Mr. Davis,] taking with him a Senator
and Representative—both of whom have since
been discarded by their constituents—to vouch
for the high character and loyalty of Brother,
went to the President and made complaint
against General Botler, and asked the Presi-
dent to return to him the property, but the
President declined to take any action in the
case. Thereupon Senator Davis says :
"I moved a resolution for the appointment of a
select committee by the Senate to investigate *his
complaint of Mr. Brother. The Senate voted it
down, and at the ensuing session I introduced it
again, when the majority again refused it. On both
occasions of offering this resolution I stated to the
Senate the fact3 m recounted by Mr. Brother as the
foundation for introducing it. A few days after
having moved this resolution the second time I re-
ceived a discourteous note trom General Butler,
and thereupon I pronounced in the Somite that he
was a, military plunderer, and that his cowardice
and incompetence as a commander had brought
shame and dishonor upon his country, its Govern-
ment and arms, at Big Bethel. New Orleans, and
Wilmington. I never exchanged a word with Gen-
eral Butler, and such were our relations up to the
time of the scene in this Chamber."
Taking this part of this statement of Mr.
Davis to be precisely true, it shows that he
promoted a complaint of one who had been
treated by a general of the Union armies, iu
command of a garrisoned city, as a rebel—a
complaint made entirely ex parte, and not even
under the sanction of an oath—to the Com-
mander-in-Chief of that officer, the great and
good Lincoln; that he called to his aid the
political influence of a colleague and a Rep-
resentative to further his enterprise; but after
hearing the supposed grievance the President
sustained the action of his officer, notwith-
standing the political influence of the trio sup-
porting the complaint. Whereupon, having
failed before the tribunal of his own choosing,
Mr. Davis took advantage of his position of
Senator of the United States, which gave him
the ear of the country, to promulgate a slander
against that officer.
He says that be again presented his rejected
resolution. Again he reiterated the same ex
parte statement of an already adjudged and ex-
ploded slander, without application even to the
officer then serving in the field at the head of
one of the armies of his country ; whereupon
he claims to have received a letter which he
deemed discourteous from that officer. Instead
of undertaking to redress the insult in any
other way, or even in the southern fashion, for
the third time Mr. Davis took advantage of
his position as a Senator of the United States
to avenge himself for fancied insult, by denun-
ciation of his assumed enemy in every form
of opprobrious epithet to which the most licensed
vituperation could give tongue. He well knew
that he was personally safe in so doing. Ho
was protected by his age. He was sheltered
under Ilia senatorial toga, which made it a
breach of the privilege of the Senate to call
him to account for words spoken there. He
was guarded by the Constitution. The officer
could, therefore, call him to no account for
slanders there published, either in the courts
of law, or even on the so called field of honor,
if one might there shoot at a magpie. Thus
sheltered, guarded, shielded, protected against
any reply or defense, safely out of the reach
of justice in the future, Mr. Davis admits that
he hurled his calumnies and ejected the noisome
effluvia of his revilings at his absentantagonist
after the most high-toned manner of southern
chivalry.
Assuming the account of Mr. Davis, of
Kentucky, of his own assaults upon an absent
person from his bomb-proof and iron-clad
position to be literally and exactly true—which
it is not—I submit to the candid judgment of
the country whether the officer or the Senator
acted the part of a brawling "coward ?"
But what shall be said if this account by Mr.
Davis of himself, his doings and exploits, is iu
fact, in circumstance, in detail, and in general
untrue; which I propose to show by the evi-
dence of his own speeches and resolutions from
the Globe? He says in his late statement:
"The President declined to take any action in
the case. Thereupon I moved a resolution for the
appointment of a select committee by the Senate to
investigate this affair of Mr. Brother."
That is not true. A resolution—given be-
low—of entirely different purport, was the
only one about General Butler that Mr. Davis
ever introduced. He says:
"The Senate voted it down."
That is not true. The Senate never was
called to vote upon even that resolution.
Again:
"At the ensuing session I introduced it again,
when the majority again refused it."
That is not true. He never did introduce
the resolution again at the ensuing session,
and it was never voted upon at all.
Again, he says:
" On both occasions of offering this resolution I
stated to the Senate the facts as recounted by Mr.
Brother as the foundation of introducing it."
That is not true. On no occasion till the
7th instant did he, when offering a resolution,
or in any other way, state to the Senate or elge-
where publicly any facts concerning General
Butler, as recounted by Mr. Brother or any-
body else, as the foundation for introducing a
resolution or otherwise. He says:
"A few days after having moved this resolution a
second time I received a discourteous note from
General Butler."
It is not true that he ever moved the resolu-
tion a second time. It is not true that he re-
ceived a discourteous note from General But-
ler, although he did receive a note, which I
will ask to have read in a moment from the
Globe, which Davis himself at the time pro-
nounced one that every man would write under
the circumstances. He adds:
"Thereupon I pronounccd General Butler a mili-
tary plunderer, and tbnt his cowardice and incom-
petence as a commander had brought shame and
dishonor upon his country, its Government and arms
at Big Bethel, NewOrteans, and WUmingLou."
It is not true that he pronounced in the Sen-
ate that General Butler was a military plun-
derer, and that his cowardice and incompetence
as a commander had brought shame and dis-
honor upon his country, its Government and
arms at Big Bethel, New Orleans, and Wil-
mington. He never mentioned in the Senate
Big Bethel, New Oileatis, or Wilmington in
connection with General Butler. It was not
possible, in the nature of things, that he could
have spoken of Wilmington, because the last
mention, till the present month, Mr. Davis
made of General Butler in the Senate was on
the 8th day of June, 1801, and General But-
ler had never been at Wilmington, or within
two hundred miles of it, during the war, until
December, 1884, more than six months after-
