888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
" In taxing both these classes to relieve the suffer-
ing poor of New Orleans, yea. even though the needy
be thestarving wives and children of those in arms at
Riohmond and elsewhere against the United States,
it will be impossible to make a mistake, save in
having the assessment 100 easy and the burden too
light.
It is therefore ordered—
"1. That the sums in schedules annexed, marked
'A' and "B," set against the names of the several
persons, business firms, and corporations herein
described, be, and hereby are, assessed upon each,
respectively." * * «***■*
"3. Tne money raised by this assessment to be a
fund for the purpose of providing emuloyment and
food for the deserving poor people of New Orleans."
These and subsequent assessments raised the
sum of nearly six hundred thousand dollars.
Nor did I fail to report my doings for the
approval of the President of the United States.
I read an extract from my report to the Secre-
tary of War of October, 1862:
" "With these convictions I issued General Order
No, 55, which will explain iiself, and have raised
nearly the amount of the tax therein set forth.
" But for what purpose? Not a dollar has gone in
any way to the usa of the United States. I am now
employing one thousand poor laborers, as matter
of charity, upon the streets and wharves of the city
from this fund. I am distributing food to preserve
from starvation nine thousand seven hundred and
seven families, oontaining thirty-two thousand four
hundred and fifty souls, daily, and this done at an
expense of $70,000 per month. I am sustaining, at
an expense of $2,000 per month, five asylums for
widows and orphans. I am aiding the charity hos-
pital to the extent of $5,000 per month."
Nor did my measure of relief stop here, nor
were these the only ones to be relieved. As
joon as the health of the city was assured by
rigid quarantine laws and thorough cleanli-
ness, 1 employed a like force in cutting a wide
avetiue through the tangled cypress swamps
between the city and Lake Pontciiartrain, to
permit the winds to sweep from the lake to
the river and drive out the floating miasma
which had theretofore rendered the city in
the summer nearly uninhabitable.
When that work was done, to give starving
men employment, the same force was used in
order to fill up a plat of ground opposite the
custom house, from thebatture of the receding
river, of four hundred and ninety thousand
feet, which has since been sold by the city of
New Orleans for millions of dollars.
Wherever I found runaway rebels, like Alex;
ander Brother, reported to me as provost mar'
shal in the confederate States, who would thus
escape their share of supporting their starving
neighbors, as a rule 1 caused their property
to be soul at the auction-block, to' be used for
the same benevolent purposes.
I sent to the Treasury of the United States
nearly half a million dollars. I cared for
many thonsandsofpoorslaveswho were thrown
on the United States for protection and sup-
port. I enlisted fuur regiments of white and
colored troops, and bought and fitted up several
light draught steamers to penetrate the bayous
and rivers to clear out guerrillas.
All this took not one cent from the tax-raised
mi,ney of the loyal North.
1 received for such administration the high
commendation of my superiors and the plaud
its of my countrymen ; and I leave the facts of
history, when the hour comes that calumnies
hurled against me cannot serve party pur-
poses, as my best, defense. For what I did in
New Orleans or elsewhere, as commander of
United States troops, 1 have neither'apology,
retraction, nor explanation to make, save that
1 wish that 1 could have done more to serve
and save my country.
Looking back at the almost despotic military
power with which I was intrusted, and which I
exercised, I wonder at my own continence and
moderation. Let me assure my detractors,
it, as before, 1 am ever forced into the satne
position once more, the " little finger of Be-
hoboam will be heavier than the whole hand
of Solomon."
I propose never again to answer to any
chaiges of taking property away from rebels
until some autheutic complaint shall be made
that 1 did not account to my Government for
what I took by virtue of its power.
That calumny to this hour the spirit of
detraction has not yet dared to put forth.
I have been asked, why not call for a com-
mittee of investigation of your administration,
and thus yourself silence these slanders before
the country ? The answer is twofold: first,
no specific charge has ever been made from
any respectable source worthy of investigation;
and, secondly, I have proved, in my own ex-
perience, that the report of a committee of
investigation, however full and complete in
exoneration it may be, is no sufficient defense
to the slanders that wicked malice can put
forth through lying newspapers and otherwise.
In the Forty-First Congress the Military
Committee of this House was charged with
investigation into the affairs of the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, of
which I had the high honor of being tbe pres-
ident and acting treasurer. The investigation
was pending before the committee nearly nine
months. After a laborious examination a
report was unanimously made by the commit-
tee, consisting of political friends and political
opponents, who must be presumed to have
done their duty, sustaining the management of
the asylum and fully exonerating the treasurer
from all blame, of which the following is the
concluding paragraph:
"The committee have also come to the conclusion
that the treasurer, having accounted for all funds of
the asylum which ever came into his hands, by cor-
rect entries and proper vouchers, is entirely to be
exonerated from any charge or suspicion of misap-
propriation, neglect, or any other misconduct in the
discharge of his duties; and therefore having no
legislation to recommend to the House upon the
subject, they ask that they may be discharged from
the further consideration of the same."
It would have been naturally supposed that
such a report would have been a shield from
calumny. _ But, although the report, requir-
ing no legislative action, yas laid on the table
by unanimous consent in the House, yet the
gentleman from'Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
on the last night of the session, without indi-
cating the subject, obtained leave by consent
to print remarks in the Globe. I was present
and did not object, because it never occurred
to me that any gentleman would take advan-
tage of my consent to make a personal attack
upon me in violation of the rules and privi-
leges of the House. But in that I was mis-
taken. Weeks afterward a most virulent and
abusive speech was printed in the Globe, as
if made in the House, conveying to the coun-
try the impression that when delivered on this
floor no reply could be made to it.
I have no words of characterization of this
proceeding. The statement of it will suggest
the proper one to the mind of every honorable
man. 1 have no reply to make to that speech.
It is not in fact an attack upon me so far as
the National Asylum is concerned, but a gross
charge against the Military Committee of the
late House, three gentlemen of which are now
members of this body, and know whether they
acted negligently or corruptly in the discharge
of their sworn duty. If they did not so do,
their report is the only defense that I need,
and they are amply able to defend themselves
from the charge of a corrupt report.
Into that speech was injected a garbled ex-
tract from the evidence in a suit in which I
was neither party nor witness, and an attempt
was thereby made to show that 1 had some
improper connection with the business out of
which the suit had risen. The party defend-
ant to the suit is now deceased, but I read an
extract from a letter of his counsel to the
counsel on the other side, which is all the
reply I propose to make to a slander foisted
upon the country as if delivered in the House:
washington, d. 0.. February 2i. 1871.
my dear general : i have received a letter from
S. b. II tinkle, e-:q., the solicitor of Mr. Horatio Ames,
in winch he writes me as follows:
"In withdrawing the oross-billfiled by Mr. Horatio
Ames against Mr. B. D. Whitney, relative to Sir.
Whitney s demand on account of alleged services
m Obtaining tbe payment of Mr. Ames's claim for
ordnance furnished the Navy Department, it is
proper that we should state thatwe are satisfied that
General b. F. butler had no knowledge of or con-
nection with the agreement made by Mr. Wbitner.
and that there is no ioundation for attributing to
General butt,fit any motive or act inconsistent with"
the most perfect propriety and integrity."
Mr. Henkle then proceeds to explain how it hap-
pened that a different impression had come to be
made on the mind of Mr. Ames, and then concludes
as follows:
"General butlek's name having been unneces-
sarily brought into the case and made the subject
of comment in the newspapers to his annoyance and
injury,itis no morethan justice that weshould make
the statements of this letter, which you are at liberty
to use as you may deem expedient."
It affords me great pleasure to communicate to you
the contents of Mr. Henkle's letter; and I remain,
very faithfully, yours,
C. CUSHIXG.
General b. f. butler.
Garbled extracts from evidence long since
refuted, when produced in the late canvass in
my district, given by a late officer under my
command, George hi. Gordon, but stating no
fact within his knowledge, and of which it is
sufficient simply to say that it is the repeti-
tion of hearsay slanders, made by an officer
whose record before two courts martial, where
he was twice convicted of improper conduct
by his brother officers, I have and can produce.
I propose never to allow myself to be called
again into personal controversy on these topics,
certainly not with the gentleman from Illinois,
who, by his conduct in printing a calumnious
speech as if delivered in the House, and dis-
tributing it under his own frank, has, so far as
I am concerned, put himself out of the rules
of civilized warfare. His tongue nor pen can
never hereafter be deemed by me a slander or
libel upon any one, certainly not upon myself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. BECK rose.
message from tiie president,
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, informed the House that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 181) to establish post
routes;
An act (H. R. No. 322) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the ship William F. Storer;
An act (H. R. No. 88G) authorizing the
Secretary of War to place certain condemned
cannon at the disposal of the Pennsylvania
Military Legion of the city of Philadelphia ;
An act (H. R. No. 19) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the year ending June
30, 1871, and for additional appropriations for
the service of the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 428) to establish post
An act (H. R. No. 425) to authorize the
Secretary of War to give Wisewell barracks
to the Beulah Baptist church;
An act (H. R. No. 426) for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of New Mexico, and for other purposes;
_ An act (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 42) giving the
con sent of Congress to Professor Joseph Henry,
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, to
accept the title and regalia of a commander
of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olaf,
conferred upon him by the king of Sweden and
Norway, grand master of said order.
court of claims.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House tbe following communication:
chambers of the court of claims,
washington, Febi uary 27, lb71.
sik: At the request of the judges of 'he Court of
Claims, I beg leave respectfully to call your atten-
tion to a matter in which that court i^ conccroed.
The tenth section of the act establishing the court
is in the following words:
"That it shall be the duty of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, within a reasonable time
after the passage of this act, to appropriate such
rooms in the Capitol at Washington for tho usu of
