1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13a
of the United States by the gross, each gross
is to contain fourteen thousand and four hun-
dred matches, put up in boxes or packages
as herein prescribed. All friction matches or
lucifer matches, or other articles made in part
of wood and used for like purposes, or wax
tapers, imported into the United States, and
sold or offered for sale within the territory of
the United States, are to be put up in the
manner prescribed in this act. Any person or
persons who shall sell or offer for sale in any
State, District, or Territory of the United States
any friction matches or lucifer matches, or
other articles made in part of wood and used
^for like purposes, or wax tapers, manufactured
in any State, District, or Territory of the Uni-
ted States, or imported into the United States,
which shall not be put up in packages or
boxes according to the provisions of the act,
or any person or persons who shall sell or offer
for sale any quantity of such matches as a
gross, which quantity shall be less than a gross,
as defined by the provisions of the act, with
intent to defraud, shall be liable to a penalty
of fifty dollars for the first violation, and for
each subsequent violation thereof a penalty of
not less than $100, nor to exceed $300, in the
discretion of the court; and all penalties which
may be incurred or imposed by virtue of this act
may be sued for and recovered in the name of the
UnitedStatesinanyproperform of action, orby
any appropriate proceeding before any circuit
court or district court of the United States for
the district within which the penalty may have
been incurred, and the same shall be to the
use of the United States. The act is to take
effect four months after the date of its approval.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to have some
explanation in regard to this bill; and my
reasons for this are very plain. The business
of making lucifer matches is very largely car-
ried on in the community that I here represent.
The business has been perhaps as much har-
assed by taxation as any other business in
the country. 1 have been made aware of the
enormous rate of taxation imposed upon this
business of making matches, the product of
which has become so essential and is so widely
used throughout all the country. I should
like to know whether the parties engaged im
the manufacture of matches have been made
aware of this proposed legislation in connec-
tion with their business.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is gotten up at their
request, and is simply to prevent fraud in
packing the boxes. Some put up sixty and
seventy and eighty for a hundred.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Michigan whether the manufacturers of Wil-
mington, Delaware, have joined in this re-
quest?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not heard from
them, but every honest manufacturer will de-
sire the passage of this bill because it prevents
fraudulent packing. The large manufacturers
do not engage in this fraud.
Mr. BAYARD. The measure seems a very
elaborate one, and highly penal in its results.
There has been so much of legislation respect-
ing the business of these people, and I think
they have been so much embarrassed by the
system <}f taxation, that while I do not desire
to delay the consideration or passage of any
well-considered measure, I should like to know
that it had not been initiated without due care
as. to the whole business of the country, and
that it was not in any way in aid of local inter-
ests or individual manufacturers.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is not. It is in the
interest of every large manufacturer.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator to allow
it to lie over until I can read it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. It struck me on hearing
it read that this bill would require every for-
eign manufacturer and every domestic manu-
facturer to put up his matches in a particular
way.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is, that one hun-
dred shall be one hundred. That is all.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an immense
quantity now in the market and a great many
on the way here, and they cannot sell even
those 
Mr. CHANDLER. It gives four months to
dispose of those.
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot sell those
unless they are disposed of in a limited time.
It looks to me to be entirely in the interest of
some particular fellow who puts up his matches
in a particular way, and has been in the habit
of doing it. He can go on without being
molested, and all the rest will be molested.
Mr. CHANDLER. Every one of the large
manufacturers puts up his matches in this
manner.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that
myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 122) to define and protect the rights of
miners, and to encourage the development of
mines, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 5) to
relieve all persons engaged in the rebellion
from the disability imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution with certain
exceptions, reported it without amendment.
Mr. VICIiERS. I am instructed by a ma-
jority of the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities to report a bill for the
removal ofthe disabilities of Zebulon B. Vance,
of North Carolina, and to ask for its present
consideration..
The bill (S. No. 246) for the relief of Zebu-
lon B. Vance, of Charlotte, North Carolina,
was read and passed to the second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. BOREMAN. I shall not object to its
consideration. I wish to state, however, that
1 am a member of that committee but was pre-
vented from being present this morning at its
meeting, and I do not concur in this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. Is that bill for the Sen-
ator-elect from North Carolina?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it to be proceeded
with by unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is what is
asked.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. Vance attended at the
last session of Congress a considerable time,
and is now here. It is due to him, due to his
State, due to the Senate, that some action
should be taken. The matter ought to be
decided one way or the other.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to consider
this question when we can consider it; I do
not want to consider it in the morning hour.
If the Senator from Maryland will call up the
bill at any time when we can proceed with it
I will help him to take it up, but not to inter-
rupt the morning business. I want to submit
to the Senate some remarks on the subject,
which I do not desire to do in the morning
hour. As soon as the morning business is
over I will assist the Senator in getting up
this bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by a
majority of the Committee on^Commerce, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. *70) to facil-
itate commerce between the United States,
China, Japan, and the countries of Asia, to
report it Sack without amendment and to ask
for its present consideration, if there be no
objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire if that bill is
under consideration?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon asks for its present consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot pass a bill
creating a commercial company in this way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will let the
bill be read through, when he will see th£t it
is all right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been enough
read to satisfy me that I cannot consent, with-
out a careful consideration certainly, to sup-
port such a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
POTOMAC A PORT OB' DELIVERY,
Mr. VICKERS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 80) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other pur-
poses, to report it back without amendment,
and to ask for its present consideration.
Mr. LEWIS. That bill is recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and it is a very
important bill to my State. I hope there will
be no objection to its immediate passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that all the waters, shores, bays, harbors,
creeks, and inlets on the south side of the
river Potomac, comprehended between Boyd'g
Hole and Cockpit Point, now a part of the col-
lection district of Tappahannock, Virginia, be
annexed to the collection district of Alexan-
dria, Virginia; that Potomac, in the State
of Virginia, is to be a port of delivery within
the collection district of Alexandria, with a
deputy collector of customs, to reside there,
who shall perform such duties as may be con-
ferred upon him, in pursuance of law, by the
Secretary of the Treasury, at a compensation
not exceeding $1,000 per annum. All acts
and parts of acts establishing at Dumfries, in
the collection district of Tappahannock, Vir-
ginia, a port of delivery, are repealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 242) to enable
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company to
mortgage its road, to report it back with an t
amendment. This is the bill introduced by j
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. BlaiiiJ yes- j
terday. We have stricken out that part of |
the bill in regard to the three millions, and it t
has now simply the power of mortgage well
guarded, I ask that it be read and put on its
passage, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad was to strike out in lines
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen the
words "and the authority of the company
to execute a mortgage of a portion of its
lands under date of July 1, 1808, to secure
§3,000,000, is hereby affirmed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The billwas reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. llie
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third- time, and passed.
MILITARY ORGANIZATIONS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. LOGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re- -
ferred the bill (S. No. 21) to pay members of
certain military organizations therein named,
