136
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
that the rights of the actual _settlers_ are pro-
tected, I will make no opposition to itbut if
it is to go through here on any examination
not made by this committee, I have the right to
object.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course the Senator has
the right to object under any circumstances, I
apprehend. I will merely say that having been
a member of the committee both at the present
Congress and the last—and the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] wlw alsois a
! member, concurs in stating it to be his belief—
I am sure that the rights of actual settlers are
protected by the present bill.
Mr. SAWYER. This bill was considered
in committee, and there was no difference of
opinion whatever about it, and we believe the
only reason why it is not a law to-day was
the fact that there was such a pressure 011 the
President at the last moment that he had not
time to sign the bill.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. .
GROSS Of MATCHES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The honorable Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has withdrawn
his objection to the bill (S. No. 209) to define
a gross of matches, anil for other purposes,
which I reported this morning and which was
laid aside, but suggests an amendment to it;
and I ask that the amendment be made and
the vote taken on the bill.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chairundcr-
stands that the Senator from Delaware with-
draws his objection to the bill reported from
the Committee on Commerce this morning in
regard to matches, on condition that the time
named in the last section be extended to six
months instead of four. If there be no objection
that amendment will be regarded as agreed to
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The Chair hears no objection, and tho amend-
ment is agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third lime, and passed.
OOMMITTEH SEftVICB.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the appropriation bill
is before the Senate, pending which the Chair
desires to state that the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Blaik] asks to be excused from farther
service upon the Committee 011 Manufactures
and the Committee on Education and Labor.
H there be no objection, he will bo excused.
How shall these vacancies be filled?
Mr. POMEEOY. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made, and the
Chair appoints tho Senator from Virginia [Mr.
JoiinstoxJ 011 each committee.
J-IPTEENTII AMENDMENT.
TheVICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate:
1 transmit to tho Senate, in compliance with its
resolution of the 14th instant, a report from the Sec-
retary oi State, mnking known that official notice
hiw?J>ecn received at the department of State of the
ratification by the Legislature of one, and only one,
juklitional btato—to wit, that of New Jersey—of the
lit taenia amendment to the Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States since the 30th of March, 1870, the date of
his certificate that three fourths of tho whole num-
ber oi States m the United States had ratified that
iun"iidmeiit, and that it had become vahd to all in-
fonts ami purposes as part of the Constitution of the
United Mates. U.S. GRANT.
V. asiiin'Gtox, March 17,18/1.
The message was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
BUSINESS OI' THE SESSION,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought the resolution
I offered about the business of the session was
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was passed
over informally to take up the appropriation
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does it retain its place,
and will it be in order after the appropriation
bill has been disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
the usage to continue it through the succeeding
day.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move to take up
that resolution.
Mr. COLE. I object to that. Let us dis-
pose of the appropriation bill first; it will
take but a very short time to finish it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up the
resolution I offered, and then if the Senator
from California insists I will allow it to be laid
aside informally in order to proceed with the
appropriation bill. I wish that resolution to
be the next business in order after the appro-
priation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield for that purpose?
Mr. COLE. It can easily be taken up after
the appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
that I offered the other day, and then I will
give way.
Mr. COLE. Let the appropriation bill be
laid aside informally to take that resolution up
so as not to lose its place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the prop-
osition of the Senator from Rhode Island.
This resolution was laid aside informally yes-
terday. If there be no objection, it will be
taken up, to give place to the appropriation
bill. The Chair hears no objection, and it
is so ordered; and the resolution being now
laid aside, the appropriation bill is before the
Senate.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 19) making appropriations for tho pay-
ment of additional clerks and. messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will allow the Committee on Appropri-
ations to present two or three amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought the committee
had got through. I will yield for the present
for that purpose.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Appropriations :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase of Messrs. Little, Brown & Co. two thousand
copies of the sixteenth volume of tho United States
Statutes-at-Large for distribution agreeably to the
acts of Congress directing tho distribution of the
other volumes, 87,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment, which has been handed to mo by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, to be
inserted as an additional section:
_ Sec. —. That there be added to the miscellaneous
item of tho contingent fund of tho House of Repre-
sentatives tho sum of fj2,583 30, or so much thereof
as may be necessary for the payment of thebalances
remaining unpaid upon the accounts of witnesses
who appeared bofore the sub-committee of theCom-
mittce of Elections of tho House of Representatives,
charged with tho investigation in tho summer of 186!)
of the election in Louisiana in 1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer tho following amend-
ment, to come in on page 3, at the end of sec-
tion two:
And that so much of the appropriation provided
tor.m the act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year end-
1118 jp? ' approved March 3,1S71, to bo ex-
pended in the detection and prosecution of crimes
against the United States, as may, in the judgment
ot tiie Attorney General, be necessary, may be used
during tho current fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, of which I gave notice and
which has been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and is moved by them to be
inserted as an additional section:
That tho provisions of the eleventh section of the
act approved July 15,1870, entitled 'An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1871, and for
other purposes," be, and hereby are, extended so as
to include such persons as wore actually employed
in the States lately in insurrection in connection
with the Treasury Department as officers of the Uni-
ted States during the year 1867 in connection with
the revenues of the Government; and an amount
sufficient to carry out, the provisions of this section
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I should like to explain the amendment in a
word, so that it may be understood. It is
simply providing that a certain set of men,
who did the same work in the beginning of
1807, shall be paid in the same manner as
those who did it in 1866. That is all there is
about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Appropriations :
To pay William Hardin a balance due him under
liis contract for surveying tho public lands in Ne-
braska, $3,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following
amendment, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to be inserted as an additional
section:
That the sum of $13,000 is hereby appropriated to
bo paid to Mary B. Walker, widow of Robert J.
Walker, for money expended by him while terri-
torial Governor of Kansas, which is to he in plaoo
of any appropriation heretofore made in her behalf:
Provided, That the sum hereby appropriated shall
be accepted by her as a full settlement of all claims
for &aid expenditures.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the ayes
appeared to have it.
Mr. CAMERON. I rose to object to that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania objects to the amendment, and
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. That is a private bill,
and I object to the whole claim. I think this
is not now thg time to pass it. I am not pre-
pared to give my reasons at present; and I
move that it lie over.
The VIGE PRESIDENT. By the rule of
the Senate the amendment can be laid on the
table, if this is regarded as an appropriation
bill, without affecting the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that it lie
on the table.
Mr. SPRAGrUE. Will the Senator waive
his motion for a moment?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. SPRAGrUE. This amount has already
been appropriated by a bill that passed the two
Houses of Congress at the close of the last
session. The object of this amendment is
rather to correct or to aid in carrying oi^the
design of the Committee on Appropriations,
who reported favorably upon this cl^,im. It
was thought that the vouchers or certificates
of the validity of the claim as presented before
the committee were sufficient. I think myself
that tho vouchers that Mrs. Walker has already
presented are sufficient; but Mrs. Walker is
of the opinion that they are not sufficient to
enable her to obtain the full amount of the
claim. She therefore wishes, in order thatshe
may obtain it without the considerable diffi-
culty incident to obtaining claims, that this
provision shall be ingrafted upon this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that all
these private claims ought to stand upon their
own merits, should be discussed in reference
to themselves alone; and it is always wrong to
put a claim in favor of any favorite individual
upon an appropriation bill. This matter should
go before the Committee on Claims of the Sen-
ate; and if, in their opinion, it be just and right,
they should report a bill for the benefit of the
