842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20. 1871.
era] Botler to produce bis private bank ac-
count.. It is true that the committee unani-
mously came to that conclusion. There was
do pretense that General Botler had converted
a dollar of this money to his own use, there
was no loss and no money unaccounted for.
The committee therefore concluded that they
ought not to compel him to bring his private
bank account before them for the mere purpose
of gratifying idle curiosity, when there was no
public necessity for such a showing, and when
no possible advantage to any one could result
from it.
The only serious question before the com-
mittee was one which the gentleman from
Illinois seems never to have fully compre-
hended. It is true that General Bcjtlek swore
that he deposited this money in his own
name. That question was fairly considered
before the committee ; all the authorities, Eng-
lish and American, were carefully examined,
and the committee came to this conclusion :
that under the broad authority given to him he
had a right to so deposit the money, but that
if any loss.had occurred he would have been
personally responsible for the money although
there was no negligence on his part.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In other words, the
fact must be proved before the evidence of it
could be called for.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There was no pre-
tense, there was no proof, that General But-
leh had ever diverted a dollar of this money
to his own use. Every dollar was accounted
for.
The gentleman from Illinois claims that his
witnesses were not fairly considered. I ask the
Clerk to read some statements made by one
of his own witnesses, Henry A. Fernald, in
order that gentlemen may judge something of
ihe character of the witnesses produced.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Question. When did you come to this city ?
"Answer. About six weeks ago.
"Ques-ti/m. When were >ousummoned?
"Answer. I was summoned by letter on the 17th of
January, and by subpena on the lyth.
"Questton. Whose letter came to you to summon
you here ?
''[Witness objected, but was directed by the com-
mittee to answer the question.]
"Answer. General farnsworth's.
"Question. Had you written him previously?
"[Witness again objected, but was directed by the
committee to answer the question.]
"Answer. Yes, sir; I wrote to General Fakns-
wokth about it.
"Question. Desiring to appear before the commit-
tee? *
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Stating facts which you knew or would
tell?
"Answer. If X answer that question correctly it will
involve me in a direct negation of the previous one.
"Question. Direct negation of what?
"Answer. It will belie me in the previous question
if I answer that one correctly.
"Question. Youmean to say that if you answer this
question correctly it will show that you lied in the
previous one?
"Answer. Certainly."
Mr. STQUGHTON. In conclusion I desire
simply to say that the action of the commit-
tee is fully sustained by the evidence ; the case
was patiently heard and the testimony fully
considered by the full committee, composed of
both Republicans and Democrats, without fear,
favor, or partiality, and this indirect attack
upon their official action is hardly just or fair.
WILLIAM 1, BERRY.
Mr. McHENRY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 439) for the ben-
efit of William L. Berry, of Kentucky; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN CLOAK-ROOMS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to pay to William Henry II ill,
employed m the east cloak-room, compensation as
laborer for the months of March and April; like-
wise to Jerry S. Smith and Charles Garter, of the
west cloak-room, as such laborers lor the same
period.
visitors to west point.
The SPEAKER. Under existing law the
Speaker of the Houseis authorized and directed
to appoint a committee of three members to
unite with the visitors to West Point in the
annual examination of cadets. The Chair
appoints as such committee Mr. Hawley, Mr.
Burdett, and Mr. Campbell.
dr. john b. read.
Mr. SLOSS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 440) for the relief of
Dr. John B. Read ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
tinal adjournment.
The SPEAKER. By a concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses of Congress the hour
of two o'clock, Thursday, April 20, is assigned
for the final adjournment of this session ; and
that hour having arrived,! now pronounce the
first session of the House of Representatives
for the Forty-Second Congress adjourned with-
out day.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. STORM: A petition, signed by more
than 300 persons, praying for the promotion
of peace by international arbitration.
