SENATE—SPECIAL SESSION.
FORTY-SECOND CONGEESS.
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 10, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT of the United
States (lion. Schuyler Colfax) called the
Senate to order at twelve o'clock meridian.
The Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.,
offered up the following prayer:
Almighty and Eternal God, the Author of
law and the Source of power, from whom
cometh the right to rule and the duty to obey,
before Thy throne of majesty and mercy we
come with national thanksgiving. Through a
century Thou hast been our Father and our
Friend. From a handful of weak colonists
Thou hast elevated us to command the respect
of mankind and give direction to the thought
and enterprise of the world. In war Thou
hast crowned our arms with victory; in peace
Thou hast blessed us with prosperity. With
hearts full of joy and gratitude we rejoice in
this, the grandest of the ages for the increase
of knowledge, for the authority and beneficence
of law, for the higher incentives to virtue, for
the dawn of that better age when the earth
shall be a neighborhood, when all men shall
practice justice and live in the bonds of charity.
May it please Thee, heavenly Father, to
hasten the day when national enmities and
jealousies shall cease; when the sword shall
be beaten into the plowshare, and the spear
into the pruning-hook; when " peace on earth
and good-will to men" shall be the universal
prayer of the race.
Upon the United States and upon Great
Britain we invoke the benediction of wisdom
and peace. By no Satanic influence, by no
errors of statesmanship, may the peaceful
relations of these two great Powers be inter-
rupted for a moment. In such an hour as this,
may rulers and people be united to give to the
world the example of the peaceful settlement
of great questions. And grant, we beseech
Thee, that while each shall sacredly guard a
nation's honor, and vindicate the rights of
all citizens, yet the representatives of these
nations shall possess wise, liberal, and gen-
erous views.
Send Thy blessing upon our Chief Magis-
trate, upon our Vice President, upon our Sen-
ators, upon all the people. For the sake of
Him who is the Prince of Peace. Amen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the proclamation of the President
convening this session of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk (Mr. W. J. McDonald) read
the following proclamation :
By the President of the United States of America:
A Proclamation.
Whereas objects of interest to the United States
require that theSenatobhouid be convened attweive
o'clock on Wednesday, the lOtli day of May next, to
845
receive and act upon such communications as may
be made to it on the part of the Executive :
Now,, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President of
the United States, have considered it to be my duty
to issue this, my proclamation, declaring that, an ex-
traordinary occasion requires the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to convene for the transaction of business
at theCapitol, in the city of Washington, on Wednes-
day, the 10th day of May next, at twelve o'clock on
that day, of which all who shall at that time be
entitled to act as members of that body are hereby
required to take notice.
Given under my hand and the seat of tho United
States, at Washington, the twentieth day of
April, in the year of our Lord one thousand
[seal.] eight hundred and seventy-one, and of the
independence of the United States of Amer-
ica the ninety-fifth.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
SENATORS PRESENT.
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
Maine—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin and Hon.
Lot M. Morrill.
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron H. Cragin
and Hon. James W. Patterson.
Vermont—Hon. Justin S. Morrill.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. William A. Buckingham.
New York—Hon. Roscoe Conlding and
Hon. Reuben E. Fenton.
New Jersey—Hon. Frederick T. Freling-
huysen and Hon. John P. Stockton.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron and
Hon. John Scott.
Delaware—Hon. Thomas F. Bayard and
Hon. Eli Saulsbury.
Maryland—Hon. William T. Hamilton and
Hon. George Vickers.
North Carolina—Hon. John Pool.
South Carolina—Hon. Frederick A. Saw-
yer.
Georgia—Hon. Joshua Ilill.
Florida—Hon. Thomas W. Osborn.
Alabama—Hon. George E. Spencer.
Missouri—Hon. Francis P. Blair and Hon.
Carl Schurz.
Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Allen
G. Thurman.
Indiana—Hon. Oliver P. Morton and Hon.
Daniel 1). Pratt.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler and
Hon. Thomas W. Ferry.
Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy 0. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James Harlan and Hon. George
G. Wright.
California— Hon. Eugene Casserly and
Hon. Cornelius Cole.
Nebraska—Hon. Phineas W. Hitchcock
and Hon. Thomas W. Tipton.
Oregon—Bon. Henry W. Corbett and Hon.
James K. Kelly.
Nevada—Hon. William M. Stewart.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to^
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two
members, bo appointed to wait upon tho President
of tho United States and inform him that a quorum
of tho Senate has assembled, and that tho Senate is
ready to receive any communication he may bo
pleased to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT being by unani-
mous consent authorized to appoint the com-
mittee, Mr. Anthony and Mr. Casserly were
appointed.
HOUR 01' MEETING.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the hour of tho daily meeting of
the Senate be twelve o'clock ni. until otherwise
ordered.
STANDING COMMITTBKS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the standing committees of tho
Senate appointed at tho last session be. and they aro
horoby, reappointed for and during the present
special session, and that the Vice President be
authorized to till any vacancies that may exist in
any of said committees.
The standing committees for the present ses-
sion are therefore constituted as follows:
On Privileges and Elect ions— Messrs. ,
(chairman,) Stewart, Morton, Rice, Hamlin,
Hill, and Thurman.
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Cameron,
(chairman,) Harlan, Morton, Patterson,
Schurz, Hamlin, and Casserly.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, ^chairman,)
Morrill of Vermont, Fenton, Scott, Ames,
Wright, and Bayard.
On Appropriations—Messrs. Cole, (chair-
man,) Sprague, Sawyer, Edmunds, Windom,
West, and Stevenson.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chair-
man,) Corbett, Kellogg, Spencer, Buckingham,
Conlding, and Vickers.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Hamlin, (chair-
man,) Robertson, Boreman, Gilbert, and John-
ston.
On Agriculture— Messrs. Morton, (chair-
man,) Cameron, Robertson, Tipton, and Davis
of West Virginia.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson,(chair-
man,) Cameron, Morton, Ames, Logan, West,
and Blair.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Cragin, (chair-
man.) Anthony, Nye, Osborn, Caldwell, Ferry
of Michigan, and Stockton.
On the Judiciary—Messrs, Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Edmunds, Conkling, Carpenter, Fre-
linghuysen, Pool, and Thurman.
On Post Offices and Post lioads—Messrs.
Ramsey, (chairman,) Pomeroy, Gilbert, Cole,
Flanagan, Ferry of Michigan, and Kelly.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Tipton, Osborn, Sprague, Windom,
Logan, and Casserly.
