1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
of Indian wars or Indian difficulties. On
former occasions I remember that those defi-
ciencies have run up to as high as $10,000,000,
and the apology has been that the money has
been expended in Indian wars upon the fron-
tiers. Compared, of course, with that state of
thing", $250,000 is a mere bagatelle ; it ceases
to be of the slightest importance.
In the first place, what is the obligation to
make thiuappropriation? My honorab'Iefriend,
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, has stated that we gathered these wild
Indians from the plains in 1807. We told them
that, if they would go upon reservations we
would protect Ihem and would give them cer-
tain stipulations ptovided for in the treaties,
and would supply them with rations, and until
the time wmc when they could take care of
themselves we would give them the ordinary
assistance. From that time down we have
attempted to do it. This year wc failed. We
failed in 18G8. What was the consequence?
Th«y were obliged to go upon the plains to
seek subsistence. They came in contact with
the frontier settlements and their old Indian
enemies; am! the result was the Indian war
of 18C8. involving this Government in an
expenditure of 320,000,000. Now, in my
judgment, you will repeat the same thing
to-day if you refuse this appropriation ; you
will loreo those Indians for subsistence on the
plains ; they will come in contact with the set-
tlers and the hostile Indian tiibes; and your
Army will be ordered out upon die frontier to
put down an Indian war; and a deficiency bill
next year, the magnitude of which I will not
undertake to predict, will be the result.
Under all the circumstances of the case I
have not the slightest hesitation as to the pro-
priety of this provision; and I think I know
something about it. We made the appropri-
ation last year, and in harmony with the his-
tory of the facts we ought to make it now. It
is to keep good faith wiih the Indians ; and
cer and above all that, and beyond all that, it
is the strictest economy for you to do it. You
ought to do it having a strict regard to the
economy of the thing. That is my judgment.
Mr. POMERO Y. I am glad to hear the
Senator from Maine say what he lias said, and
I am glad to add one word in the interest of
the frontier settlements of my own State which
have been very much disturbed by Indians.
II' these Indians can be supported and kept
where r.hey are it will save an immense expense
to the Government in protecting the frontier
settlements, as well as the lives of many of our
citizens. We have succeeded in collecting and
gathering together these Indians after great
expense ; and now if you neglect this appro-
priation that labor and expense will have gone
for nothing, and they will again roam on the
irontier. our peace will be disturbed, our set-
tlements retarded, and large numbers of troops
may have to be sent out there again. Now, to
defeat what wo have inaugurated so success-
fully certainly cannot he the object of the Sen-
ate. I hope the Senator from California will
say no more agaiuat this proposition, but let
it go.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, for several
years, while chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs in the other House, I straggled
for the adoption of the policy to feed rather
than fight Indians. 1 have been exceedingly
gratified with the results of the policy, so far
as Uiey have been tested by this Administra-
tion. I think tiiat in nothing has it shown its
wisdom more than in this policy. I should
feel very unwilling now to return to the old
method of lighting by failing to keep our agree-
ments wiih the Indians. I know this appro-
priation seams large, but it is very small,
as suggested by the honorable Senator from
Maine, compared with the demand that will
come next year if we refuse to keep faith with
these Indians or to maintain the policy that we
have pursued during the last year. So far as.
tne management of Indians is concerned, I ;
have always been a Quaker; I am so to-day ;
and I believe that if we continue the policy
which is adopted, we shall be freed from In-
dian wars in the future. Let us not return to
the bad policy of the past.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know
where these Indians are located.
Mr. HARLAN. They are located in the
western part of the Indian territory on the
lands procured from the Cherokees, Creeks,
and Seminoles.
Mr. POMEROY. West of the ninety-sixth
meridian of longitude.
Mr. HARLAN. And west of that again.
Theyarewestof the reservation of the Osages.
Mr. STEWART. Are theyalready located
there ?
Mr. IIARLAN. They are already located
there. They have been there several years.
Mr. STEWART. How is this money to be
expended? Just to feed them ?
Mr. HARLAN. It is to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramset
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the
question ?
Mr. COLE. I am not ready for the .ques-
tion. I should like to have the Senate consider
what will probably be the limii of the expend-
itures for Indian purposes if we are to keep on
in this arithmetical progression from year to
year. But a few years ago, and when the
Indians were more numerous than they are
now and more hostile than they are now,
before they were on reservations, the appro-
priations for the Indian service were only
about two million dollars per annum. We need
look back only ten or twelve years to find that
the appropriations for that service were but
^>2,000,000 ; and if you go back a little farther
you will find them a good deal less when the
Indians were much more numerous. We have
already appropriated for this service tor the
next fiscal year the sum of $5,72'J,o(j9, and the
Senator from Iowa, in addition to that, this
morning asked a further appropriation of
$12,000, which will be added to that sum, and
now comes the further request for a quarter of
a million more, making the total expenditure
considerably over §0,000,000 the coming year.
Now, sir, I call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the very Indians for which
this appropriation is asked are so far advanced
in civilization that you have made a treaty with
them ; you have within the last fouryears, that
is in lSt>7, made a treaty with them, and we arc
told that they are on a reservation ; on lands of
their own. I will read from the appropriations
made in the regular Indian bill, so far as they
relate to a portion of these Indians :
" For fourth of thirty installments, as provided to
be expended under the tenth article ol the treaty
of October 21, 18-57. concluded at Medicine Lod^e
creek, in Kansas, with the Kiowas and Comanche:?,
and under the third article of the treaty of same
date with the Apaches, $30,000.
" For purchase of clothing, as provided in the same
treaties, S^6,0t}0.
" i'or payofcarpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, $3,iUU.
" 3?or pay of physician and teacher, S-2,500."
Mr. POMEROY. That is not for these
Indians.
Mr. COLE. I beg the Senator's pardon;
they are these Indians, the Indians named in
the amendment precisely, to wit, the "Apaches,
lviowas, and Comanches."
Mr. POMEROY. There are a great many
bands of them. ;
Mr. COLE. I have alluded to several bands,
ail that I have been able to find, and I presume j
all that the Indian agents who roam over the
plains will be able to find. The next items are : ,
"For last of three installment?, a.s provided in the
same treaties, tu be expended in presents to the ten
persons of the said tribes who, in the judgment of
the agent, may grow the most valuable crops for the
period named, SoOO. ;
" For transportation of goods, So,000.
"J:'or purchase of seeds and agricultural iuiplc-
ments, to be tarnished each head of a family or lod;;e ; I
who intends to commence cultivating the soil, (say jj
one hundred families,) $10,000," jj
Then, for the " Cheyennes and Arapahoes"
there is a series of similar appropriations,
and further on to what are called the "North-
ern Cheyennes and Arapahoes," $110,000
more, specifying the items as they are speci-
fied in the treaty to which the first appropri-
ation applies. It is customary whenever it is
desirable to get more than is provided in the
treaty to make a heavy demand upon the Treas-
ury for the Indian service,.and to proclaim
war. Now, let me ask as to these Indians, who
are situated upon their forms, where they have
been furnished agricultural implements, seeds,
&c., who are now in the western part of the
Indian territory, evidently located there, evi-
dently raising their own crops and domestic
animals, whether they are likely to go to war ?
If they are, if under these circumstances of a
strict compliance on the part of the United
Stales with every treaty obligation made with
them they go to war, then we ought to meet
them in arms and not submit to such exactions
as this.
I have no doubt that the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior have bad representations made to them
by reason of which they are entirely justified
in asking some appropriation of this sort; but,
in my opinion, thoje representations are made
by persons on the frontier, in all probability
agents of these very Indians. They can make
representations and sustain them by affidavits,
if necessary, piles of affidavits, by which they
may get such a large demand as this. I do not
think the Indian agents and superintendents
are in every instance the most conscientious
class ol people. If they were conscientious,
I take it they would bo content with what
has been provided for those under their charge
by treaties made at so recent a date as this.
What is the use of making a treaty? Why
should wo make a treaty at all if we are to
disregaid it at once and go to appropriating,
in addition to the amounts provided for in the
treaty, these large sums, sums of a quarter of
a million at a time? Why make treaties with
them? What perfect arrant nonsense it is!
Let us, at all events before we commence this,
abolish the treaty, disregard the treaty, and
not pretend to abide by it on our part, while
they are ready, as you say, to violate it and
make war if we do not come down' to their
demand, which is made after the fashion of
the highwayman.
Mr. President, 1 am certain that we ought
not to enter upon this description of legisla-
tion. I protested against it during the last
session. 1 think it is wrong to go beyond the
requirements of the treaties with those with
whom wc have made treaties while those trea-
ties are in existence and while we are observ-
ing them. If we disregard the treaties, then
a demand of this kind, of a sum in gross to
meet some demands of the Indians, might have
some plausibility; but until that is done, I hold
that it is wrong and unjustifiable to make these
large appropriations, these donations to these
Indians.
Mr. STEWART. I did not intend to say
anything on this question; but I cannot let
this occasion pass by without entering my pro-
test against this kind of legislation, whether it
avails or not. 1 do not believe in appropri-
ating money in this way. I have been exam-
ining something about the Indians for a long
time, and particularly this winter; aud I have
ascertained that there are a large number of
agents and attorneys and Indians in this city,
that they live in a very riotous way, that they
ride in line carriages, that they live in hotels,
and spend a great deal of money here. They
understand how to work up this thing most
magnificently. 1 do not know whether this
tribe have an agent here or not; but most of
the Indian tribes have from one to twenty-five
persons m this town.
I think my friend from California is mis-
taken in supposing that these things emanate
from the frontier. They emanate generally in
