1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
who had been duly subpenaed as a witness to appear
before said committee, then and there appeared and
su omitted to be examined as a witness, and wa<duly
sworn by the chairman of said committee. He was
shown a copy of the Tribune, a newspaper piinted
in the city of New York, of the da.ie M iy 11, 1871.
He stated that he was a correspondent ot that paper,
and tii at what purports to bo a copy of the said treaty
in said paper was transmitted bv him to said paper
l'or publication on the night of Wednesday, May 10,
1871; that the same w is transmitted to said paper
tioui the city ot Washington by telegraph; that he
obtained the copy which he so transmitted at about
ten o'clock in the evening ol May 10, 1871. The wit-
ness was then asked, but relused to state, when,
where, and from whom he obtained said copy, which
he transmitted as aforesaid, resting his said refusal,
not upon inability oil his part to answer said ques-
tion, but upon the ground that he was underhonor-
arv obligation not to answer the same
The witness was then directed to retire, and after
consultation your committee, being unanimously of
opinion that the questions which he had refused to
answer were proper questions, and that the witness
was under obligation to answer the same, the said
witness was recalled, and having been informed by
th^chairuiau of the opinion of the committee, and
admonished that it was his duty to answer, the chair-
man of the cominittoe asked the said witness tnis
question:
"From whom did you obtain the printed copy of
what purports to be the treaty spokeu of by you,
winch you transmitted to the New Yoi k Tribune, and
which you havestated you received and transmitted
at about ten o'clock p. in. of Wednesday, May 10,
1871?"
Tnis question the said witness refused to answer,
andstated that he relused,notbecausehe was unable
to answer it, but on account of his professional
honor, and stated that by his " professional honor "
he meant that whenever he received any item of
news, unless he had the permi&sionot the gentleman
or person who furnished it to him, he considered it
an honorable thing that he should not divulge the
source of such news, and gave no other reason tor
his refusal. Said witness White also testified that
he came to said examination with a fixed purpose
not to divulge the source from which he obtained
the treaty.
The testimony of said witness, by question and
answer, in lull, is hereunto attached and marked
" Exhibit No. 1."
In further performance of their duties your com-
mittee, at ttie tune and place aforesaid, proceeded
to examine as a witness one Hiram J. Ramsdell, who
had been duly t-uimnoned as a witness, and who then
and there appeared and submitted himself to be
examined as a witness before said committee; and
alter being duly sworn by the chairman ot said com-
mittee the said Ramsdell testified that he was on
n&Mst/int of the said White as correspond nt of the
s-nd Tribune. He al&o testified, on lookiuir at a
copy ot the suid Tribune ol May 11,1871, that it con-
tained what purported to be a copy ot a recent treaty
between the United State? and (iieat Britain ; that
it was transmitted fioin Washington to the paper
for publication by said Wuite; that the copy which
was furuislied to be telegraphed as aforesaid was in
writing, which was copied fiom print, lie was then
nt-ked this question; "Who hud the printed copy
horn whn-h this manuscript was copied?" which
question the witness reiused to answer.
lie stated that bo first saw the printed copy in the
Tribune ofhee in Washington after nine o'clock in
the evening of May 10. lie was tiien asked this
question: *' In whose possession did you fiistseeit?"
which he also refused to answer, not upon tho
ground that he was unable to answer it, but because
he was " in duly bound as a man of honor not to
an>.vver it." _
He was then asked this question : Do you know
from whom that printed copy was obtained ?" which
question he also refused to answer.
He was then asked this question: "Do you know
what was paid for it?" which he also refused to
answer! and he also stated that as to all the ques-
tions which he had declined to answer, he declined
not upon the ground thathecould uotauswer.
Ttie witness was then dnceted to retire, and your
committee, on a consultation, being uuammously of
opinion that the questions which the witness had
refused to answer were proper and that he was
bound to answer them, the witness was recalled
and informed by the chairman that such was the
opinion of the committee, and informed that his
refusal to answer to said questions might subject
him to proceedings for contempt.
The chairman then said to the witness: Having
made this explanation, I now ask you, as I did
bclore, from whom tho printed copy of what pur-
ports to be the treaty of which you have spoken
was obtained?" This question he also refused to
answer. He also stated that ho came to the exam-
ination wit h a fixed purpose not to answer any ques-
tion that should draw l'tom him tne source irom
winch that copy ot the treaty was obtained; and
that he then, ot his own judgment, understanding
the full circumstances of the case, persisted m his
rclusal to answer said question.
The testimony of said. XI ansdell in full, by ques-
tion and answer, both before and after lie was re-
called, is hereto attached and marked * iiixhibit
No. 2."
Thcsubpena by which said witnesses were com-
manded to appearand testify before said committee
at the time and place aforesaid, together with the
certificate of service thereof, is hereto attached and
marked " Exhibit No. 3."
In the opinion of your committee the questions
put to said witnesses respectively were proper ques-
tions, necessary to make the investigation ordered
by said resolution of the Senate, ami that each of
said_ witnesses is in contempt of tho Senate and
merits to be dealt with for his miseon luct; and ttiat
tho dignity of the Senate requires that the pretense
upon which the wi'iiesses based the refusal should
not. be recogmzed as valid.
# Your committee, therefore, recommend tho adop-
tion of the following resolutions, uamely :
ltesnlved< That Zeb. L. Wuite, a witness hereto-
fore duly summoned beioro a select committee of
the Senate, and being lawfully required to testify
before said committee, and who, as appears by the
report of said committee, has refused to answer
proper inquiries put to hi in in tho course of the
investigation bysaid committee, ordered by theSen-
ate, be forthwith arrested by the Sergeant-at-Arms
and brought before the Senate at its bar by the
orders of the Senate, duly issued by t he Vice Presi-
dent under his hand and iheseal ot the Senate; and
that said White be detained by virtue thereof by
the Sergeant-at-Arms until he answer for his con-
teinptot theorder of theSenate in the matter afore-
said, and abide such fuither order as the Senate
may make in the premises.
Itrsolvett, That Uiram J. llamsdell, a witness here-
tofore duly summoned before a select committee of
tho Senate, and being lawfully required to testify
before said committee, and who, a-1 appears by the
report of said committee, has refused to answer
pioi>er inquiries put to him in the course of the in-
vestigation by said committee, ordered by the Sen-
ate, be forthwith arrested by the Sergeant-at-Arms
and brought before the Senate at its bar by the
orders ot the Senate, duly issued by the Vice Presi-
dent under his hand and the seal of the Senate; and
thatsaid itamsdell be detained by virtue thereof by
the Sergeant-at-Arms until he answer for his eon-
tempt ot the order of tho Senate in the matter afore-
said, and abide such further order as the Senate may
make in the premises.
[Exhibit No. 1.]
May 15,1871.
Z. L. "White sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Where do you reside?
Answer. In Washington.
Question. Wnatisyour business?
Answer. Newspaper correspondent,
Question. For what paper ?
Answer. The New York Tribune.
Question. Look at the copy of the New York
Tribune of May 11, 1871, on the table before you,
and state whether that paper contains what purports
to be a copy of a recent treaty concluded between
the United States and the Government of Great
Biitain, at Washington, by the joint high commis-
sion representing the two Governments?
Answer. It does contain a copy of what purports
to b« the treaty.
Question. Was that treaty transmitted from Wash-
ingtotv-to that paper to be published?
Ansxoer. It was.
Question. By whom?
Answer. Bv myself.
Question. When was it done?
Answer. It is dated May 10.
Qu-stion. And the publication is in the issue of
May 11?
Atuwer. Yes, sir.
Qxiesnon. It was transmitted, then, on the night
of the 10iU ?
Ansxoer. It was done on the day it bears date.
Question. The publication is in the morning paper
of the 11th, and the matter was transmitted on the
night ot the 10th ?
Aniwer. It was.
Question. How was it sent; by telegraph or mail?
Answer. It was sent by teleg:aph.
Question. Did you furnish the copy to the telegraph
ofhec to be transmitted, or cause it to be done?
Answer. I did-
Question. Was that copy furnished in print or in
written manuscript?
The Witness. Am I obliged to answer that ques-
tion?
The Chairman, les, sir, you are.
Tne Witness. AVell, sir, I am not prepared to
an.-wer it.
Question. Do you mean to say that you refuse to
answer it?
Answer. I am not prepared at present to answer it.
Question. Do you mean to say that you are unable
to answer it. or that you will not answer it; which?
Answer. That I respectfully refuse to answer it at
present.
Question. Why do you refuse to answer?
Answer. Because I consider that itisa matter with
regard to my particular profession, thatit mightlead
to other questions which would involve a matter of
secrecy. x.
Question. And thereupon you refuse to answer the
question?
Answer. Yes, sir. .
Question. From what was that manuscnpt which
was furnished to the telegraph office for transmis-
sion copied? .
Answer. I h ave not testified that 11 was man uscn p t.
Question. How long had you had in your possession
that copy beforo it was telegraphed?
Ansxoer. I am not prepared to answer that ques-
tion. , .
Question. Do you mean to say that you retuse to
answer it?
Answer. I respectfully retuse,
' „ From whom did you obtain the copy or
the document from which tbe copy was made which
was left in the telegraph office for transmission to
tins paper?
Answer. I respectfully refuse to answer that.
Question. Did you obtain it from auy member of
the present S nato of the United States?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Did you obtain itiu the room of any Sen-
ator of the United States?
Ansxoer Id'dn t.
Question. Did you obtain it in any room occupied
by any Senator of the United States?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Where did you obtain it?
Ansxoer. I respectfully refuse to answer that ques-
tion.
Question, Did you obtain it in any room in which,
to your knowledge, a Senator had been immediately
before ?
A nnoer. I did not.
Question. Did you obtain it from any officer of the
Son ate ?
Ansxoer, I did not.
Question. And you refuse to ancwer from whom,
and when, and where you did obtain it ?
Annoer. I do.
The Chairman, (to the witness.) I think I ought
to say to you that there is no doubt about the pro-
priety of these questions and no doubt about your
obligation to answer. If you refuse to answer, I do
not know that the committee have anything further
to say to you at present.
Mr. Trumbull. I should like to ask Mr. White a
question. Ll'o the witness.] I wish to inquire of you
whether the copy which you iurnished came through
the Senate ?
A nswer. 1 have no means of knowing.
Mr. Trumbull. Perhaps if we knew at what time
in tbe evening you first had possession of it that
fact might enable us to determine how it was. The
Senate met at twelve o'clock noon, as you are aware,
on the day the treaty was communicated by you, the
lOlh. My object in asking the question is to ascer-
tain whether the copy that you had enme through
the Senate. You might not know yourself, but you
could tell us at what time you first had possession
of the copy which you communicated; how early ?
The Witness. Weli, I prefer not to answer that
question. I may, perhaps, tell you something from
which you can draw an inference. I never send dis-
patches to the Now York Tribune later than one
o'clock at night.
Qwstion, (by Mr. Trumbull.) I wish to ask you
distinctly whether you know that tho copy you sent
came through the Senate?
Answer. I do not know that it did.
Question. You do not know whether it did or did
not?
Answer. I do not know whether it did or did not.
Question. Was the copy that you saw a printed
copy? I do not ask about what you furnished; but
was it a printed or manuscript copy that you saw?
Answer. I prefer not to answer that.
By the Chairman:
Queation. You mean that you refuse to answer?
Ansxoer. Yes, sir; I do.
By Mr. Trumbull:
Question. Do you decline to state at what time
you liiht saw or first had possession of a copy of the
treaty ?
Answer. Well, sir, I will answer thatquestion. It
was not later than ten o'clock that night.
By the Chairman:
Question. Was it earlier than ten o'clock?
Answer. I think it was about ten o'clock.
Question. Of the evening ot the 10th of May ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Trumbull, (to tho witness.) Now, Mr. White,
if you think proper to answer whether that was in
print or not it might relieve you. perhaps, from some
difficulty.
The Witness. It was in print.
Mr. Trumbull. In my opinion I may state the
Senate has no jurisdiction or right to inquire any-
thing about where you got the treaty unless it came
through the Senate. If it came through the Senate
we have a right to inquire into it, and 1 have a*ked
you the question you have just answered with aview
of determining that fact.
Mr. Sumnkr. There is one other question the
answer to which would probably fix Mr. Whires
position, though possibly his last answer does. As
he has now testified that the copy which he saw was
iu print, the question I would ask is, was it printed
on a tolio or an octavo page ?
Tne Witness. Perhaps I would not be able to state
that. If you will describe to me the d ffere- ce be-
tween a folio aud an octavo page, perhaps I may be
able to answer.
Mr. Sumner. An octavo page is the ordinary page
on which Senate reports are printed, and the folio
page is ot tooiscap size. [Exhibiting to witness a
Senate document.] This is our ordinary octavo
p.ige. Was the copy which you saw printed on pages
of that kind?
The Witness. It was'not such a page as that.
By Mr. Trumbull :
Question. Did you ever look over what is printed
in ihe Tribune now before you to see if that is what
you sent?
Answer. I could not identify it without a com"
parison.
Question. Have you ever compared it ?
A newer. I have not.
Question. Did yoa send all of what purported tob©
the treaty?
Answr. X should judge that I did.
