1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
tee before it is adopted upon an appropriation
bill. I move to lay it upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the amendment lie
upon the table.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. I suggest that we take
the yeas and nays on the amendment itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. COLE. This will be a test question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Crasin, Frelinghuysen, Hitch-
cock, Pool, Spencer, and Sumner—7.
NAVS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbeit,
Hamilton, Hamlin, Johnston,Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
soy, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Soott, Sher-
man, Stevenson, Steivart, Stoekion, fhurman, Tip-
toil, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson. Windom, and
Wrisht—J.>.
ABSENT—Messrs, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Edmunds, Penton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Harlan, Hill, llowo, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osboru, Patterson, Sawyer, and Sprasue—10,
So the motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment of
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. IIamlxn.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill
as a new section:
Sec. —. That the Commissioner of the General
Land Oifice is hereby authorized to approve the
survey of the eastern boundary of Nevada, made by
Isaac E. James, notwithstanding any departure from
instructions which in the opinion of said Commis-
sioner does not materially impair the accuracy of
the work.
I will explain what this is. Congress made
an appropriation for running this boundary
line, first at twenty-five dollars a mile, and it
was afterward raised to forty dollars. It stood
at that until pretty near the time of our elec-
tion last fall, and nobody would take the work
at the price fixed. There was an absolute
necessity for the line between tho southern
part of Nevada and the adjoining part of Utah
Territory. There was difficulty about the pros-
ecution of crimes growing out of the question
of jurisdiction, and it was impossible to de-
termine the elections either in the Territory or
the State until it was settled where that line
ran. -Tho instructions of the Commissioner
required astronomical observations to be taken
ol the initial point from which to start the
line. There was no time to take them and no
one would do it for the amount allowed.
The price for surveying the other boundary
lines in that vicinity had been sixty dollars a
mile. The urgency of the case was such that
the citizens generally urged a purvey. There
was a very competent engineer who would
undertake it provided he was allowed to trian-
gulate from Salt Lake some fifty or sixty miles,
and obtain the initial point in that way. There
is no doubt about the accuracy of the work,
but this course of proceeding did not corre-
spond with the instructions of the Commis-
sioner of the Genera! Land Office. The lino
actually run is satisfactory both to Utah and
Nevada. I have conversed with Mr. Hoover
about it, and he is very anxious that the line
should be settled, that this survey should be
approved. It has been made, and made accu-
rately, but instead of taking new astronomical
observations, there was a triangulation from
Salt Lake. The man who surveyed the line,
who is one of our best citizens, was induced
by all parties to do it. The State oflicers of
our State and the community generally agreed
that, if ho would undertake it, he should be
saved harmless in any event. The necessity
was urgent, the work had to be done; but he
is unable to draw any of the money because
of this variation from the instructions. All h'e
had was put into this survey. He undertook it
at the general solicitation on account of the
absolute necessity of the case, to save litiga-
tion, punish crime, and preserve law and order
in the southern part of our State. This amend-
ment simply avoids the technical difficulty, if,
in the opinion of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, the work has been accurately
done.
Mr. COLE. I inquire of the Senator how
much cost this amendment will involve to the
Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. Not a cent.
Mr. COLE. Why has not the money been
paid?
Mr. STEWART. Because there was a slight
departure from the instructions, which require
astronomical observations to be made. No-
body would undertake to make those observa-
tions, and this engineer said he could run the
line bytriangulation. It is sufficiently accurate;
all parties are satisfied with it. The amend-
ment does not appropriate a cent, but simply
allows the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to accept the work that has been done.
Mr. CORBJ3TT. I ask the Senator if this
amendment is recommended by the Commis-
sioner?
Mr. STEWART. The Commissioner is very
anxious to have this line settled. I did not
call on him to get him to recommend this
amendment; but I have had several conversa-
tions with him, and he is very anxious that
this line should be established so as to avoid
the expense of a resurvey. The initial point
is ascertained with sufficient accuracy by trian-
gulation. If the survey is made over again, it
will require a large appropriation. Everybody
is satisfied with the line that has been run, and
if another survey is made it will probably
result in establishing the same line.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know anything
about this matter, but if the Commissioner
recommends the amendment, I think it would
be proper to adopt it.
Mr. STEWART. We leave it to the Com-
missioner to say whether it is accurately done ;
he is to determine the accuracy of the survey.
If we do not agree to this you will keep that
community in trouble all this summer. That
will be the consequence of refusing to approve
the survey.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me to be of
doubtful propriety to fix a boundary line be-
tween States here, without having any investi-
gation or report upon the subject from any-
body. It is a matter of some gravity, and it
seems to me that this course is of very ques-
tionable propriety.
Mr. STEWART. It is a matter of a good
deal of gravity. We ought to know where this
line is. It is a matter of a great deal of grav-
ity to Utah and to Nevada. In order to ascer-
tain the jurisdiction of the courts and punish
criminals, wo want the line settled. If it is
delayed, it will throw us into confusion. If
this survey is not sufficiently accurate, the Com-
missioner will not approve it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Has it come from any
committee of this body?
Mr. STEWART. It has not.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Then I do not think it
ought to be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator listen to
an explanation from me?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Ifthislineisnotapproved,
you leave that community in trouble and tur-
moil in regard to their taxes, in regard to the
jurisdiction of the courts in criminal matters.
It is a survey that we have been trying for
years to get. K was impossible to declare tiie
result of the election in Nevada last fall with-
out this line. We induced this man to make
the survey, telling him that a triangulation
from Salt Lake, where an initial point had
been established, would do just as well as
new astronomical observations, and that Con-
gress would certainly approve of the survey
made in that way, it it was done accurately.
The matter had been waiting for years, and
nobody would undertake to do the work at
your appropriation of forty dollars a mile.
Sixty dollars a mile was paid for other surveys
in that region. Weinduced this man to do the
work; he put every thing into it, and if he is
not paid he will be ruined. If this survey is
not approved, you will have to make a large
appropriation for a resurvey, and I shall have
to ask for sixty dollars a mile. It is a thing
that must be done; we must have it determ-
ined where this line is, or that community
cannot live in peace. Men are arrested for
crime and plead to the jurisdiction. Every-
thing- is in confusion. There are twelve or
thirteen thousand people along the line. The
people are entirely satisfied with this line, be-
lieving it to be accurate. All that I ask is
that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office may approve of it if he thinks it cor-
rect. That is all thore is in the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not say that this
line ought not to be established as this amend-
ment proposes, for I know nothing about it;
but I do say that when it comes to settling the
boundary line of a State we ought to have the
facts before us; it seems to me we should
havo a report of the facts. There are plenty
of committees competent to examine the sub-
ject. The Committee on Territories might
make a report and give us the facts. If we
had them authentically, I do not know but
that I should vote for the proposition ; but I
do not know what would be the effect of estab-
lishing a line of which I never heard before
and which I suppose not one Senator in ten
ever heard of before. I do not know what
effect it might have, and it does seem to me
we ought to have the facts laid before us so
that we may understand them. That is all I
ask.
Mr. _ STEWART. We leave it to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
determine its accuracy.
Mr. THURMAN. I would not be willing
to leave to the Commissioner the fixing of the
boundary line of a State.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays, to see whether the Senate will let this
thing remain in that condition,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was disposed to vote
with the Senator from Nevada on this amend-
ment of his, although tho precedent is not a
good one ; but upon examining it, it seems to
me to be an extremely dangerous thing for us
to do. Now that the attention of tho Senate
is somewhat attracted to the matter I will ask
the Secretary to bo good enough again to re-
port the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
Sec. —. That the Commissioner of the General
Band Oifice is hereby authorized to approve the
survey of the eastern boundary of Nevada made by
Isaac E.James, notwithstanding any departure from
instructions which in the opinion of said Commis-
sioner docs not materially impair the accuracy of
tho work.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is apparent that a sur-
vey was made by Mr. James. Who he is we
are not informed. I presume he was some
official appointed for that purpose. It appears
also that he did not obey his instructions in
making that survey, in the running of that
boundary line; and notwithstanding that dis-
obedience, the effect of this amendment is to
require the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to approve the survey and make it valid,
with this proviso merely, if in his judgment
the disobedience of instructions on the pari of
the officer was not material. We see two things
there. One is that there has been a disobe-
dience of instructions on the part of the officer
