1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
145
in all parts of the country since this bill was
laid upon the table of the Senate. I believe
that it has the approbation of those who are
determined to stand by the equal rights of all.
I understand that they are willing to accept it
as constituting efficient machinery for the main-
tenance of this great principle.
The bill then proceeds further with the ma-
chinery, as follows:
Skc. 3. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred and the same duties enjoined
upon the courts and officers of the United States,
in the execution of this act, as are confeired and
enjoined upon such courts and officers in sections
three, four, five, seven, and ten of an act entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights, and to furnish the moans of their
vindication," passed April 9, 1866, and these sec-
tions are hereby made a part of this act; and any
of the aforesaid officers failing to institute and pros-
ecute such proceedings herein required shall for
every such offense forfeit and pay the sum of
$500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recov-
ered by an action on the case, with full costs
and such allowance for counsel fees as the court
shall deem just, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be lined not
less than SI,000 nor more than $5,000.
You will observe that in this section the im-
portant provisions of what is familiarly known
as the civil rights act are embodied; and here
I remark that this bill is simply a supplement
to the civil rights act. It. carries the require-
ments of that act one stage further, and there-
fore it naturally takes advantage of the existing
machinery.
The bill then proceeds, in section four, as
follows:
Sec. 4. That no person shall bo disqualified for
service as juror in any court, national or State, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude . Provided, That such person possesses all other
qualifications which are by law prescribed; and any
officer or other persons charged with any duty in the
seleetionor summoning of jurors who shall exclude
or foil to summon any person for the reason above
named shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guiltv
of a misdemeanor, and be lined not less than 5-1,000
nor more than $5,000.
There is an ample provision to secure equal
rights among juries. How is it now? The
colored race in many parts of the country are
excluded from the juries. Is that just? Is it
consistent with those principles which we have
avowed? Sir, your work will be unfinished so
long as this provision remains unadopted. This
requirement must be a part of the law of the
land, or we are practically iu default.
The bill then proceeds in another section as
follows:
Sec. 5. That every law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom, whether national or State, incon-
sistent with this act, or making any discriminations
against any person on account of color, by the use
of the word "white," is hereby repealed and an-
nulled.
By this section the statutes of the United
States are brought into practical conformity
■with the Constitution, and also with the Dec-
laration of Independence. In neither of those
great title-deeds can y ou find the word " white.''
The stream cannot rise higher than the fount-
ain-head. How, then, in statutes derived from
the Constitution and from the Declaration of
Independence, can you introduce words of dis-
crimination on account of color? You do not
find them in the great title-deeds j how can
you insert them in the statutes? I insist that
the statutes shall be brought into conformity
with the two great title-deeds.
The bill then concludes with a brief scction
as follows:
Sec. 6. That it shall be the duty of the judges of
the several courts upon which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred to give this act in charge to the grand
jury of their respective courts at the commencement
of each term thereof.
That section explains itself. And now I
ask, is there any reason why this bill should
not be adopted ? Is there any one here to say
that it is not constitutional? Is there any one
.here to say that it is not required by every
sentiment of justice? Is there any one here
to say that it is not in all respects completely
practical? Sir, do not say that. Be assured
that is always the most practical xvhich is the
most just. "This is simple justice in a statute;
42d Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 10.
and who shall say that it is not entirely prac-
tical? Why, then, shall we hesitate to adopt
it? Have we time for its consideration? We
have the spring and the summer before us ; and
let me say that that spring and summer would
be well employed if you could give to your
country this great boon. Adopt this bill, and
spring and summer will have a new sunshine.
But, I am told that this session is to be short
and that we have not time for the considera-
tion of this measure. Make the time, then ;
extend your session ; do not limit it so as to
prevent action on a measure of such vast
importance.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts whether he will give way
to allow me to make a motion to go into execu-
tive session. There is a little business to be
done in executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is the desire of the
Senate, I will.
Mr. CAMERON. How shall we discover
that except by making the motion?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; I give way.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I make the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better agree to
adjourn over until Monday before we go into
executive session. I suggest to the Senator
to make that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I will make that motion
also.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not.
Mr. CAMERON. It is generally better to
settle one thing at a time, and therefore I
move to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business. There is some littlo business
to be done in executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is oti the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMES. Before the doors are closed,
I ask general consent to introduce a resolution
of inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rcceive it, if there be no objection.
CONDITION OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. AMES submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the President of the United States
ho requested to transmit to the Senate, if not incom-
patible with the public service, the report recently
made of a board of officers of the engineer depart-
ment on the condition ot the Mississippi river near
Ykki-burg, J\Iiiil'i1 i, with such remarks, sugges-
tions. or recommendations as may lie made by the
chief engineer of the Army.
vriTirnnAWAL OT PAPKHP.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the overseers of the
poor of Loudoun county, Virginia, for indemnity for
the destruction of their property in the year 1SG1,
with the accompanying papers, be taken from the
flics of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. VICKERS, it was
Ordered, That William Hunt be permitted to with-
draw his papers, relating to a claim against the
Government, from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, it was
Ordered, That George Harris have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files ot" the
Senate.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. JOHNSTON, Mr.
WILSON, Mr. STEWART, and Mr. SAW-
YER submitted amendments intended to be
proposed by them to the bill (H. II. No. 10)
making appropriations for the payment of
additional clerks and messengers in the Pen-
sion Office, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After twenty minutes
spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in reply to the resolution of the Senate of the
15th instant, asking for the amount that it
would require to carry into effect the decision
of the Supreme Court relating to the bounties
of soldiers, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED,
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
The bill (II. R. No. 182) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue to determine the
material, devices-, &c., of stamps required by
the laws relating to internal revenue—to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 184) to establish certain
post routes in West Virginia—to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Thejointresolution (IT. R. No. 32) to extend
the provisions of section twenty-one of the act
approved July 17, 1802, to aliens who have or
may enlist in the naval and marine service—
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. TPuUMBULL. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe the resolution
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] is regularly before the Senate, and
that motion cannot be entertained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island is before the
Senate
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to post-
pone the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island, with a view of submitting a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
if we do not sit to-morrow it will be impossi-
ble for us to dispose of the appropriation bill
this week, and if we adjourn over it will
increase in bulk to double its present size.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have been laboring
rather hard, night and day as it were, and I
do not think weshould now, at the commence-
ment of a new session, sit every day in the
week. Although we have not been in session
in the Senate very long this week, most of us
have been in session otherwise which has kept
us until late. We were here, I think, until nearly
six o'clock last night; and I do not think we
ought to subject ourselves to theinconvenience
of continuing this on Saturdays at this time.
To-morrow will be Saturday. If we adjourn
over we shall come here on Monday in a better
temper, perhaps, and with better feeling, and
dispose of this appropriation bill, and get
through the business, 1 hope. I am not one
of those who want to protract the session. I
say to Senators that when I make this motion
to adjourn over it is not because I want to
protract the session. I will vote with any Sen-
ators to close the session on Monday, and if
ive can do that, I will sit here to-morrow. If
the Senator from Rhode Island will unite with
me to pass a lesolution that the session shall
close at twelve o'clock on Monday I will sit
here all night, if it is necessary to get through.
But if we are going to continue the session I
do not believe in punishing ourselves; and
that is the reason why I make this motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will vote to close the
session just as soon as the public business is
transacted and as soon as the Senator from Illi-
nois would vote to close it; but I think the
way to advance that object is to sit to-morrow.
If this appropriation bill goes over until Mon-
day it will occupy all next week. I think all
of those who are in Ikvor of an early adjourn-
ment should vote to sit to-morrow; and lam sure
the Senator from Illinois is on that platform.
