146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, I am on that plat-
form.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then he is moving against
himself; and I suggest to him to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have never heard any
Senator speak so efficiently and to the point
as to the propriety of fixing a time for adjourn-
ment as the Senator from Rhode Island. I
have heard him, sitting right before me, and I
perhaps heard him more distinctly and more
emphatically than others, say time and again,
"You will never adjourn until you fix a time
for adjournment;" that it does not make any
difference; you liavegotto fix atime,and work
liard to adjourn at that time. He has convinced
me so thoroughly of that that I am astonished
now that he thinks we can adjourn this ses-
siou without fixing a time.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I could carry it, if I
thought the Senators around me would vote to
fix a reasonable day for adjournment, three or
four days hence, I would vote for it with great
pleasure. But that cannot be done. We can-
not fix a day of adjournment now. It is per-
fectly well understood that the day of adjourn-
ment will not be fixed until certain subjects
have been disposed of; and if we adjourn over
to-morrow we put the disposition of those sub-
jects so much further off.
Mr. CAMERON. I rose to say pretty much
what has been much better said than I could
say it by the Senator from Rhode Island. It
is evident to my mind that we cannot finish
this appropriation bill to-day. But it is equally
evident to my mind that we shall finish it to-
morrow if we sit to-morrow. Having one day
more, and ending this subject this week, we
shall have the whole of next week, and all
the rest of the time we intend to stay here, or
may be compelled to stay here, to take up the
bill which will follow this. I am satisfied we
shall do a great deal more labor by sitting to-
morrow than we can in two or three days next
week. I therefore move that the Seriate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have an adjourn-
ment over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion made by the Senator from Illinois, to
postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island for
the purpose of entertaining a motion to adjourn
over, the Senator from Pennsylvania moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-six,
noes not counted ; and (at three o'clock and
fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 17, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. €r. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
JOHN R. BEADING.
Mr. GETZ, byunanimouscousent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, ana referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions :
Resolved, That, there be paid from the contingent
fund of the Ilousetho sum of $3,500 to John li. Head-
ing, to cover the expenses of said Beading in the
contest for a se.it in the House for the Forty-First
Congress.
DONATION OF CONDEMNED CANNON.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the House
to put on its passage a Senate bill giving some
condemned camion to the State of California.
That State has at present no Representative
here, and I have been requested to bring the
bill before the House.
There was 110 objection; and the bill (S.
No. 244) relating to condemned cannon for a
cemetery at San Francisco was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to deliver to the Grand Army of
the Republic Cemetery Association of San
Francisco, California, six pieces of condemned
iron cannon, and thirty cannon-balls,to be used
in the embellishment of the burial grounds of
said association.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. POTTER. I ask unanimous consent
to have the following resolution considered
now :
Resolved, That all bills to create corporations shall
be considered under the rules as public bills.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is too important
a matter to be passed without more considera-
tion.
Mr. POTTER. Then I ask that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on the
Rules when appointed.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
ME-SUIN-GO-MK-SIA.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 183) to authorize the
circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Indiana to make partition to Me-shin-
go-me-sia, a Miami Indian; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs when appointed, and
ordered to be printed.
HEM0VAI, OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HEREFORD. I ask unanimous consent
to have considered now a bill to remove all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
TOST JIOUTES IN WEST VIItOINIA.
Mr. HEREFORD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. II. No. 184) to establish
post routes in West Virginia; which received
its several readings, and was passed.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OE BUSINESS.
Mr. HEREFORD. I hold in my hand a
joint resolution passed by the Legislature of
West Virginia, and I ask that it be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
ELECTION CONTEST HILLYER VS. Jl'lNTYltE.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
J'esohed, That the testimony intheeontosted-olec-
tion case of Hillyer vs. Mclntyre, irom the first dis-
trict of Georgia, shall all bo taken between the 15tii
day of J uly and the 1st day of October next.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST TIFT VS. W1IITELET.
Mr. McCRARY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following resolutions ;
which were read, considered and agreed to :
Mesoh)ed, That in the contested-election case of
kelson Tift: vlliohavdIt. White Icy, Ivom the second
district of ttc rgia, the lime for taking testimony bo
extended until the 1st day of July next.
Lcsolved, That the ballots, lists of voters, and
tally-sheets of the late election held in the said dis-
trict on the 20th, 21st, and 22(1 days of December,
1870, in and for the counties of Baker, Sumter, and
Pulaski, be, and the same are hereby, directed to bo
safely kept by the lawful custodians of the same
until farther order of this House, and that the said
ballot, list of voters, and tally-sheets be subject to
be inspected and compared the one with tho other
by either party to the said contest, in thopiesence
of an officer authorized to takosuch testimony.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsiderthevote
by which the resolutions were adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have the bill of which I
gave notice on Wednesday last printed.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not to be
brought before the House, bat simply printed.
Mr. HOLMAN, Mr. MORGAN, and Mr.
SLOSS objected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do I
hear objection ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, and the gentleman from Ohio, and sev-
eral others objected, but the Chair will again
put the question. Is there objection ?
Mr. MORGAN, Mr. KERR, Mr. SLOSS,
Mr. BECK, and others objected.
ELECTION CONTEST M'KISSICIv VS. WALLACE.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That in tho contested-election case of
Isaac fir. McKissick v?. Alexander S. Wallace, from
the fourth district of douth Caiolina, the time with-
in which both parties may take testimony shall be
extended until tho 1st day of October next: Pro-
vided, That neither party shall take any testimony
belorc the 1st day ol August next without the coil-
sent of the other party.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vole
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 220) in regard
to the Sutro tunnel. '
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. KENDALL. I appreciate the courtesy
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and I
will endeavor to reciprocate it.
The SPEAKER. The right to object is
perfect in any member, and must not be ques-
tioned.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. PL ATT. I call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 78, noes 6G.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
STEVENSON called for the yeas and nay a.
The y^-as and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it v/as
decided in the negative—yeas 80, nays OS, not
voting45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Archer. Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, .Bird, Janu'b G. 331 air, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Cainobcll, Carroll, Cox,
Crebs, Critchcr, Crv.^lotkl, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
l>uke, Eldi-idse, Eiy, Henry j). Poster, Get-/., Golla-
day, UriJiith.iianibieton, Bandiey, Kaipcr. Johnl.
Harris, Jrlerefoid, Holuniii. Kerr, Kiiitf. Lannfon,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McUiHland, jNJ>Ooriiiick.
liarn K. ltoberN, Ftobinsnn. llooscvolt, Shmvood,
Slater,Slocum, Sloss, 11. Milton Sp^er, Storm, Suth-
erland, Swann. Terry, Dwiglst Townsend, Tuthill,
Van Trnmn, Vnugkan. Vnorhec*. Wnddel'i, Wells,
Wheeler, W hi (thoi no, Williams ol Now York, Wood,
ami Young—SO.
NAYS—Alcsbr?. Ambler, Avcvilh Banks, Barber
Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, Geor'gd M.
