852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
The imprisonment will be an imprisonment
with the key of the jail in his own pocket. He
can be released by doing his duty before break-
fast any pleasant morning, or he can stay there
as long as he lives; and as every American
citizen has a right to determine for himself
what his conduct shall be, if Mr. White, with
the key in his pocket, shall determine to remain
forty years in the common jail and draw his
promised double salary, there is no power on
earth that ought to interfere.
Sir, there is especial occasion now, consid-
ering the distracted state of the country, con-
sidering the combinations that exist in some
parts of this Republic to break down the laws,
if not to overturn the Government, combina-
tions in secret by vast numbers, who meet by
candle-light and swear upon the Evangelists
of Christ not to reveal the secrets of their con-
federates, not to testify against their associates
in crime, to stand by them and adhere to them
under all circumstances, and when, in view of
this fact, we have committed the Army and
Navy to the President, to be used for the pur-
pose of dissolving these combinations, to find
ourselves confronted here in the city of Wash-
ington by men, no matter how high they may
be, no matter how learned they may be, no
matter how necessary to the economy of our
policy they may be, yet men combining to-
gether and telling you in advance that they
come to your investigations with a determina-
tion to defy your authority and to defy the
law!
Why, sir, disobedience to the law is a crime.
It matters not whether the criminal be a
Senator, a lawyer, a clergyman, a doctor, an
editor, a Ku Klux, a gambler, a smuggler—no
matter what he may be, no matter how high,
no matter how debased, the offense is the
violation of law. And a combination to defy
the law and to obstruct the course of justice
and to arrest an authorized, constitutional
legal investigation, is a high crime, a crime
that strikes not at one life only, but strikes
at the life of the State. And if you recog-
nize the pretense of this witness, and quail now
before Mr. White who says you shall not in-
vestigate this matter, I wonder how much these
innumerable Ku Klux that we have heard so
much about and believed so much about and
know so much about will be terrified by acts
of Congress.
It is possible that under the present course
of legislation these confederated and oath-
bound criminals of the South might have a
little mors} confidence that the President of
the United States would do his duty, and,
having the military arm of the Government,
might strike a blow they would feel. But,
sir, what encouragement do we give him in
enforcing the law, and, as far as our example
goes, what lesson do we teach to offenders?
No, Mr. President, this is a Government of
laws, not of men. The President of the Uni-
ted States and every man in authority under
him, civil and military, every individual in the
land, the most illustrious sage or statesman as
well as the humblest and poorest individual,
is bound by one rule, the law; and when we
depart from that rule we strike a blow at the
foundations of our Government, we strike a
blow at human liberty secured by law. No,
Mr. President, we must do our duty; pass
this resolution and compel that man to obey.
There is not only profit to all, but there is
great dignity to him in obedience. He must
obey. Having come face to ffce.e with the
Constitution and laws of his country, they and
he being opposed directly, he must yield, for
they cannot.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, first allow
me to ask for the reading of the resolution.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution
submitted by Mr. Carpenter.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I do not
like this resolution very well, and am not cer-
tain that I shall support it. I will send to the
Clerk's desk a substitute which I propose, and
which I shall very cheerfully vote for, and
which I am led to hope will meet the approval
of a majority of Senators. It certainly will
answer sufficiently, in my judgment, all the
purposes of this investigation so far as the
Senate are concerned. I move to, strike out
all after the word " resolved " and insert:
That the President of the Senate be directed to
propound to Z. L. White and H. J. Ramsdell, now
at the bar of the Senate, the following interrogatory:
"Did you receive the copy of the treaty ot Wash-
ington, which you have sworn you telegraphed to
the New York Tribune, from any Senator of the
United States, the clerk or secretary of any Senator,
or any member ot the family of any Senator, or from
any officer or employ^ of the Senate or any member
of the family thereof?"
And the said White and Kamsdell be directed to
return an answer under oath in writing to this inter-
rogatory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I propose to
vote for this amendment, and I shall so vote
because I believe that is as far as we ought to
go in the matter. In the first place, I think
this case has been much exaggerated. It is a
well-known fact that all the main features of
this treaty were sent out to the country, as it
is understood, by the Department of State.
It is well known that the President of the Uni-
ted States and the Secretary of State desired
the prompt publication of the treaty, and there
can be no doubt that a majority of the Senate
were in favor of its publication. And, sir, the
whole country wanted to see the treaty. Every-
body wanted to read it. Probably the interest
of the people was excited by what had been
published, for the substantial parts of it had
been published in advance of the meeting of
the Senate.
Sir, I believe it is the duty of Senators and
of the officers of the Senate to keep the secrets
of the Senate of the United States, and I think
it is our duty to enforce that much, and I will
go as far as anybody else in enforcing it; but
I hold that it is the duty of the press of the
United States to give the people of this coun-
try intelligence in regard to all the acts of the
Government. The free press of the country
has the right to go into every Department
of this Government to obtain all the informa-
tion it can obtain and spread that information
before the people of the country. The press
is under no obligation whatever to keep the
secrets of the Senate ; none to keep the secrets
of the Executive Chamber, of the Cabinet, or
of any other branch of this Government. It
is the business of the free press of the United
States to gather up information anywhere and
everywhere and spread it before the country.
In time of war the Government comes down
and lays its hand and stops this. Nobody
objects to that. It did it during the last rebel-
lion.
The law has been read here to-day. We all
know that law was never passed to reach a
ease of this kind. It may be used for this
case ; but it was passed to reach investigations
of corruptions connected with the Government
and to make men testify as to such matters.
It was never passed for the purpose of reach-
ing the ease of the press publishing what we
in the Senate or those in the Cabinet or any-
body in the service of the country chose to
consider matters of secrecy. And, sir, I do
not think it right, I do not think it proper to
apply to the press or the agents of the press
that kind of argument as though they had done
something that was dishonorable or disgrace-
ful. I do not see it.
Now, sir,*I think we should vindicate this
Senate, vindicate the officers of the Senate,
vindicate those covered by the rules of the
body ; and when we have gone so far as that,
I think we had better stop. It is a well-known
fact that with the press, not only in our coun-
try, but in all countries where there is any
freedom of the press at all, it is a matter of
honor, a matter, as they regard it, of duty, to
keep their own secrets with respect to their
own business, and I do not believe we ought
to carry on this contest to the extent that it
is now proposed to do by this resolution. I
think we ought to adopt this amendment, and
insist upon it, in relation to the gentlemen who
are now brought to the bar of the Senate, for
we all know that they are gentlemen, and I
am not aware that they have done anything on
this occasion that the entire press of the coun-
try would not have done. They are not bound
to keep any secrets of ours, as we all know;
and I am surprised to hear gentlemen talk as
though they were under a moral obligation in
this regard. They are under none whatever.
If we pass the resolution in the amended form
proposed, and they refuse to answer the proper
questions under this amendment, then let us
deal with them. If they answer properly the
Senate is vindicated, in my judgment, its offi-
cers are vindicated, and I think that is as far
as it is necessary for us to go in the matter.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall sup-
port the substitute offered by the Senator from
New York. 1 believe these gentlemen ought
to be required to answer fully as to the con-
nection of any Senator or officer of the Sen-
ate with the publication of this treaty ; but
whether they should be required to answer
outside of that, is at least a doubtful question.
This document was not exclusively a Senate
document. It belongs to the British Govern-
ment as well as to ours; it belongs to the
executive department as well as to the Senate.
If this document had been published by the
Secretary of State or by the President, will it
be pretended that we should have any jurisdic-
tion over the matter? Or if it had been stolen
from the office of the Secretary of State, should
we have any jurisdiction to punish the crim-
inal?
Now, sir, what is the extent of our jurisdic-
tion under the rule as read by the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin, and I will refer to it:
*'39. All confidential communications made by the
President of the United States to the Senateshall be
by the Senators and the officers of the Senate kept
secret, and all treaties which may be laid before the
Senate, and all remarks and proceedings thereon,
shall also be kept secret until the Senate shall, by
their resolution, take off the injunction of secrecy."
These confidential communications shall be
kept secret by the Senators and officers of the
Seriate. Have we any power to protect seerecy
beyond Senators and officers of the Senate?
These documents must be kept secret so far as
we are concerned ; but if they are made public
by persons not connected with the Senate, we
are not responsible for it, nor have we any
jurisdiction to punish it. In the present case,
if these gentlemen shall answer fully and to
the satisfaction of the Senate that this treaty
was not made public by any Senator, directly
or indirectly, or by the clerk of any Senator,
or by the clerk of a committee, or by any offi-
cer of the Senate, we shall have done our duty
under this rule. We are not required to go
and hunt up the author of any publication who
is in nowise connected with the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend to the fact that he is violating
the rule of the Senate himself when he assumes
that the publication in question is a true copy
of the treaty. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, I sup-
pose the Senatorfrom Wisconsin assumed that
in proposing to have these gentlemen called
upon to answer. I suppose this whole proceed-
ing is based upon that assumption.
Mr. THURMAN. It is based on the ground
that they have refused to answer questions put
to them by the committee.
Mr. MORTON. But if it was a forged treaty,
if it was the publication of something that had
never been made by this commission, this would
be mere child's play. But I have made no
assumption on this subject in any remarks I
have made beyond a mere application of this
rule and an answer to the argument that has
been made.
It was further argued by the Senator from
