1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
Wisconsin that the Senate had the power to
investigate the question as to who exposed
this treaty outside of the Senate or its officers,
upon the ground that it might be with a view-
to the passage of a law on that subject which
Blight be necessary.
Mr. President, that is not of the substance
of this proceeding. This proceeding was not
gotten up with a view to that, as I understand ;
and if gentlemen are compelled to put this
proceeding upon that basis, it seems to me it
is far-fetched and there is no occasion for it.
We have the power to punish for a contempt,
but there is no necessity for this Senate exert-
ing the extreme power that a court might do.
It is not even necessary for us to exert all the
power that we have. A substantial exercise
of it is all that is required by reason or by
justice; and if these men shall answer so as
to satisfy the Senate reasonably that this doc-
ument did not come through a Senator or an
officer of the Senate, we have accomplished
all that we have reasonably a right to accom-
plish in this matter; there is no necessity for
going further, and perhaps there is no good
to be done by going any farther.
Suppose we shall trace this now to some
officer of a Department, to some one belong-
ing to some other branch of the Government,
what can we do? We have got to stop right
there. We shall have the information, but we
can have no possible use of it unless it may
be, forsooth, to enact a law. That is a thing
me are not contemplating. It was not started
for that purpose ; but the object is to find out
whether the thirty-ninth rule of the Senate
has been violated ; whether any member of the
Senate, or any officer of the Senate, has directly
or indirectly or willfully contributed to the
publication of this treaty ; and if these gentle-
men shall answer fully upon that subject 1
think we ought to stop right there. If they
do not, then I think we ought to go further.
I think that we should require them to answer
satisfactorily upon that subject; but when they
shall do that, I think we ought to stop, and
there is neither reason nor propriety nor
expediency in going farther.
Mr. COLE. I would ask the Senator from
Indiana if the result of his position would not
be that we should probably fall into a difficulty
like this : a man may not know-that the per-
son from whom he received the treaty was in
any way connected with the Senate, or with
any member of the body; he may not be
aware of that fact, and yet the fact may exist.
It has been stated that the Public Printer is
elected by this body, and is, in fact, therefore,
an officer of this body; and persons connected
with his department may be persons obnox
ious to the rule laid down in the substitute
without the party now before us knowing it,
and he would answer that he did not know
that the person from whom he received the
treaty was a member of the body or a person
who would come under the definitions in the
amendment proposed.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, I take
it that all our proceedings should be reason-
able. If there be any ground, to believe from
the testimony of these men that this document
came from a Senator or an officer of the Senate
they should answer, and we should go further
and push the investigation to final results, if
possible; but if there is no reason to believe
that, if there is no reasonable ground to base
that supposition on, I think it ought to stop.
Mr. President, there are abuses in the press,
and there are some great ones. _ There are
some things against which there is a strong
public opinion, the defamation of personal
character, foul abuse of men, and especially
of public men, false, malicious, without reason-
able cause or foundation. These things abound
too much, and we all recognize that fact; but
the publication of true information cannot be
put down as among the abuses of the press.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this is a
subject of delicacy, as every one must admit.
There is danger that any course we may take
may turn out to be the wrong one. There is
certainly a strong feeling to vindicate the dig-
nity of the Senate, or as it is more correct to
say, the rights and powers of the Senate ; and
that is a consideration which no one ought to
lose sight of. There is also danger of our
taking a severe course, influenced by our feel-
ings, a course contrary to the true idea upon
which this proceeding should rest.
Now, sir, the Seuate will make a very great
mistake if it supposes that the question now
before it is a question about the publication
of the treaty alone, that it is a question whether
we shall punish somebody for publishing the
treaty. That is not the question before the
Senate at all. I agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that, so far as I
know, there is no law which would enable us
to punish any one for publishing a copy of this
treaty, obtained from the Department of State
before it was communicated to the Senate.
Whether we could punish a persdn for pub-
lishing a treaty that had been communicated
to the Senate and which the Senate had re-
solved to consider in secret session is another
question, about which it is not necessary to
express any opinion.
But, the present proceeding is not a proceed-
ing to punish the editors of the New York
Tribune or the correspondents of the New
York Tribune for publishing that treaty. The.
persons at the bar did not publish the treaty.
The most that can be said of them is that they
transmitted it to the editor of the New York
Tribune. They did nothing more in that than
did the operators in the offices of the telegraph
company. The latter did more even than these
persons, or, at any rate, quite as much. The
person who is responsible for the publication is
the managing editor of that newspaper ; and
if you are to go to work to punish any one
for giving the treaty to the public he is the man
you should attend to. And now when I am
speaking of " the treaty " I am assuming that
the paper called the treaty is it. I do not say
that it is the treaty at all, but I speak ot the
paper which purports to be the treaty ; and
I say that if you are to punish any one for
publishing that you must go to the man who
did make the publication, and that was the
managing editor of that, paper.
But the question that is before us is whether
these gentlemen who are now at the bar of the
Senate shall be punished fora contempt.^ That
is the question, and it is the whole question so
far as the immediate issue before the Senate
is presented, whether they shall be punished
for a contempt. Well, sir, the first point is,
are they in contempt? About that there can
be no two opinions. A question has been put
to them by a committee properly constituted,
a proper guestion, and they have refused to
auswer; and that that is a contempt every
lawyer knows, every man of common sense
knows. I think they ought to have answered
the question. I cannot agree that they could
shield themselves from answering that ques-
tion under the privilege they set, up. They
could not do it in a court of justice at com-
mon law, for their refusal to answer does not
come within any privilege known to witnesses.
They certainly cannot do it before a committee
of the Senate when we have a statute, which
was read here this morning, which in express
terms declares that they shall have no priv-
ilege of any kind whatsoever that shal'l prevent
them from answering questions.
These being my views, it might be supposed
that I would feel bound to vote for this reso-
lution that has been offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin ; but I am compelled to say
that, upon principle, I do not feel that I am
so bound. Whatever may have been the law
of the courts in regard to punishing for con-
tempts, or whatever may be the law of the
Senate in regard to the power to punish for
contempts, I am perfectly well satisfied in my
own mind that since the enactment of the
statute that makes it an indictable offense for
a witness to refuse to answer proper questions
when put to him by the Senate or one of its
committees, we can no longer exercise the
common-law power of punishing for a con-
tempt.
This proceeding, therefore, to put these per-
sons in prison must not be regarded as punish-
ment. If it is to be regarded as punishment,
then upon any fair and honest interpretation
of the Constitution of the United States the
punishment that we inflict would bar an indict-
ment in the district court, for the Constitution
in plain terms says that no person shall be
twice put in jeopardy for the same offense.
And although it may be said that here a man is
not put in jeopardy twice for the same offense,
that we punish him for the contempt of the
Senate and the court punishes him under the
statute for refusing to answer the question
that is put to him, that is mere sophistry ; the
offense is precisely the same thing. What con-
stitutes the contempt of the Senate? The
refusal to answer the question. What consti-
tutes the indictable offense? The refusal to
answer the question. It is mere sophistry to
say that these are two distinct offenses, that
the Senate can punish for the contempt and
that the court can punish, too.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator whether it
is not rather early, according to his notions
of practice, to interpose the plea of autrefois
convict ?
Mr. THURMAN. Not in view of the rea-
sons I am going to give for my vote. If this
statute were not on the statute-book,and if we
were proceeding to punish for a contempt, that
would be one thing, and then we might feel
bound to vote for this resolution to punish for
the contempt or for some resolution that is
to follow it inflicting punishment for the con-
tempt ; but inasmuch as the Congress of the
United States has enacted a statute making
this very refusal of these parties an indictable
offense, the question is, whether we are not
bound by any proper mode of proceeding to
remit these parties to the court to which we
have given jurisdiction over the offense, and
not undertake to punish them ourselves.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The statute referred
to by the Senator from Ohio in words provides
that that trial and punishment provided for in
that first section shall be "in addition to the
pains and penalties now existing." It is,
therefore, apparent on the face of the statute
that it was not the intention of that statute to
take away from this body the power to do any-
thing it could have done in such a case as this
if that statute had not been passed. Now, if
I were to concede (which I do not) that our
proceeding here was in the nature of punish-
ment and would bar punishment under an
indictment and trial before a jury, that would
be no answer, because the statute on its face
shows that Congress did not intend to take
away our power, that they intended that the
power conferred upon the courts should be in
addition toours; andifthatis unconstitutional,
that simply falls to the ground.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it will not
do to interpret these words in the statute to
which the Senator from Wisconsin has re-
ferred in the way he interprets them ; that is
to say, to inteipret them in this way, that it
is intended by that statute that the Senate
may punish for a contempt, and that in addi-
tion to that the courts may also punish upon
an indictment. That would present a novel
spectacle indeed of a state of the law in which
a man eould be indicted in one court and have
punishment meted out to him, and it be also
provided that another tribunal might add to
that punishment without an indictment before
