1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
ter. ] The Ku Klux, forsooth! The Senator
from Wisconsin may remember that on the
subject of the Ku Klux I am not specially sen-
sitive. I never voted for the bill to which he
referred, and I never would vote for such a
bill as I believed it to be, and I will be grate-
ful when I shall be arraigned by any portion
of a constituency that has a right to arraign
me and give me an opportunity, before hon-
est, thinking men, to vindicate my course on a
question of that kind.
Bat are we to be alarmed and told that un-
less we bring these gentlemen to condign pun-
ishment, and that right early, it will be taken
that the Senate has surrendered and that we
here cower before the midnight klans that are
about to invade the sanctity of this Chamber?
This argument seems to have had its force. I
might not have referred to it, perhaps, but that
on the conclusion of that eloquent oration
which was delivered on the subject by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin I did feel that unless time
was consumed until reason could again calmly
resume her throne, the case was lost and all
■was gone. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, this is a very remarkable proce-
dure for the common people, the voters of the
land to look at. In what light ? In this: that
the honorable Secretary of State takes and
examines a treaty which has been negotiated
between the representatives of this country
and Great Britain, writes out a synopsis of it,
the sum and substance of the document, gives
it to the citizens of the city of New York, and
those citizens read it and approve it, perhaps,
as far as they have gone, or criticise it, as it is
their privilege to do ; and while they are anx-
ious to look a little farther into the document
what happens next? The agents of the Now
York Tribune say, "Gentlemen, we are grati-
fied, perhaps, that you are so highly delighted
with this production so far as it has been com-
municated to you, and we have an opportunity
now to allow you to read it in the original, in
the dead letter; we have a literal translation
of it; and, as you have been pleased with what
you have received, we give you the balance."
They therefore become instrumental in letting
the people have the balance.
The cream was furnished by the Secretary
of State. Why, sir, right here at our desk, I
believe, sits an editor who furnished it to us
in his paper; or if he did not, he had the right
to do it, for everybody had it in the papers.
But, when all the phrase is taken in conjunc-
tion, the commentary had gone out, and now,
when the text is to be published, there comes
the crime. Well, sir, whose business is it? The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has
struck the chord; he has touched the national
heart and the national common sense, when
he said that these gentlemen have a right to
publish all valuable information that comes
into their hands. Are they the keepers of the
Senate's secrecy and the Senate's conscience?
Are they to be careful for fear they let some-
thing out before they go to the Senate, or go
to the high commission, or go to a committee
of the Senate of the United States and say,
" Gentlemen, with due deference, is it right
and proper and constitutional, and according
to your rules and regulations in such case
mffile and provided, that we transmit this in-
formation, or are we infringing your rights by
doing it?" They have no business to under-
stand our rights; they have business to pro-
tect their rights, and they are starting off in a
very proper maimer, 1 think, to protect those
rights.
I say, therefore, that they are amenable to
us for nothing in the publication of that treaty.
Why, sir, Senators of this body were carrying
that treaty around in their pockets days before
the Senate met, and the committee knew that.
This committee of ours, therefore, got on the
trail of Senators, and they asked the witnesses
at the bar when they were on the stand, "Did
you obtain this treaty from any Senator?"
The answer was in the negative. Then they
were asked if they obtained it from any one
connected with the Senate. The answer was,
"No." From any Government officer ? The
answer was, "No." Then they were asked,
" Did you find it in a room where a Senator
had been?" Heaven alone knows how many
rooms Senators visit in this place. [Laugh-
ter.] How were they to find out where Sen-
ators had been? Then they might have asked,
"Did you discover any such thing, as a Senator
passed along, and did you pick it up, and is
anything you may have got in that way what you
telegraphed to the New York Tribune?"
Now, I say this was a careful investigation.
It was highly satisfactory to me, except in
this, that the committee did not inquire into
every place where a Senator might have gone
and had a paper document with him. [Laugh-
ter.] They came as near it as they could
according to the dignity of Senators and the
authority of a committee of the Senate. But
the thing, in my humble opinion, is rather
degrading than otherwise; but this is only an
opinion. When, however, you talk about this
investigation and the rights of the Senate that
have been invaded I am not able to appre-
ciate it or 1 should not be standing before
the Senate uttering the sentiments and words
preceding.
Then when the document was in the posses-
sion of Senators, and when the State Depart-
ment had it in its possession, and when these
witnesses have testified that it was not obtained
by them from a Senator or from any officer of
the Senate, I want to know where the invest-
igation is to end if not just here? I believe
that this committee have honestly attempted
to accomplish that which was not absolutely
necessary or required by the body. They
have, as I know I would have under like cir-
cumstances, some feeling on the subject. They
feel that these men contumaciously stood in
their presence dumb as the animal spoken of
of old, refusing utterly to answer on this subject,
and therefore they as a committee felt that
they could not come into the Senate and make
that disclosure with that clear breast that they
desired to do, and consequently they come in
here rather discomfited than otherwise in the
attack; but they have no right to have any
feeling on the subject. What they have done
they have done well, except that they have not
explored all the avenues in which Senators
might perhaps have been found loitering with
documents such as this in their possession.
It is a question for the members of this body;
it is your question, it is my question ; are we
satisfied that this committee has gone as far in
this investigation as is necessary or proper?
I am satisfied with the investigation as far as
it has gone, and as the amendment now offered
provides for nothing more than what these
gentlemen have already answered before the
committee, I am simply willing that they may
say again that they have received nothing from
Senators and nothing from officers of the Sen-
ate, and then go hence without day and with-
out delay. Nevertheless, I do not know that
anything is lost in this investigation taking up
two days of our time at the present period.
I think we had better prolong it rather. I
think we needed a little rest from the toil of a
day's investigation of this most intricate and
involved treaty, and therefore if we could have
a few more such exhibitions as this coming in
occasionally it would give that elasticity to
our intellectual faculties that we oug;ht to
receive, and certainly enable us hereafter to
go forward and consummate that " uuto which
we were called."
But I am clearly of opinion, with the Senator
from Massachusetts, that the first proposition
in this document ought to have at least one
week's discussion ; that the second proposition
ought, to have light; and that the third prop-
osition should be considered for at least six
months before we ever come to a vote upon it
in this Chamber. I therefore consider the time
occupied in the present matter as no loss to
the Senate ; and hence I shall not think of
apologizing to the Senate for having occupied
time on this question pending the important
question of the ratification of the treaty.
I say to my fellow-members of this body, f
you think you can stand it, I cannot. 1 cannot
afford to go out from this Chamber among the
common people, men who look honestly at
these questions, and when they show me an
abstract sent out by the State Department and
then Bhow me a copy in the print of the New
York Tribune, and then ask me how it was
that I voted to immure in the cells of the jail
of theDistrictof Columbia those who furnished
the more complete copy of the two, I cannot
afford to make answer in vindication of auy
such affirmative vote as that.
Sir, we are going too far. The rights of the
people are everything, and unless those rights
are guarded and protected you neither have
States in their limited sovereignty nor have
you a Senate of the U uited States that is worthy
of the name or of the respect of civilized men.
I say the rights of the citizen are involved in
this procedure, and if these young men, these
newspaper criminals who stand before us at
this hour, were nearer to me than they are in
relationship, if either or both of them were of
my own blood, Iwould tell them thatlapprove
their course, I would stand by them and add a
third salary to thatwbich the Tribune has prom-
ised them, rather than that they should ever
degrade themselves by going back upon their
silence on this question. A3 long as that com-
mittee had any right to interrogate them they
answered. As long as that committee had any
semblance of right they treated the commit-
tee aa a respectable body. But they knew as
well as that committee knew that the members
of the committee went there for the purpose
of getting information which was within the
legitimate range of senatorial investigation;
and whenever the committee went beyond that
point these gentlemen had their reserved rights,
and they have only proven their manhood by
taking a stand in vindication of those individ-
ual rights.
For the present, Mr. President, this is all I
have to say. I may have much more to say
before this discussion is ended. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendmentoffcred by the Senator from
New York.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
question by this substitute—I do not propose
to take any time—is now fairly presented to
the Senate, whether we are to go on with this
' matter or back out. It i's perfectly apparent,
and must be to every Senator, that the invest-
igation had amounts to nothing except this:
read by the country, I think it will produce
the impression that it certainly would upon my
mind, that we had gone so far that we dared
not go further without implicating some in our
own body. We put to this witness this ques-
tion "Where did you obtain the treaty?"
lie answered that he did not obtain it from a
Senator or did not obtain it in a room where
a Senator was or to his knowledge had been.
The question then is, " From whom did you
obtain it?" and that he refused to answer.
This report shows that this witness had been
instructed that the Senate had no jurisdiction
whatever to punish anybody except Senators
and officers of this body, and being thus in-
formed, he refused to answer from whom he
did obtain the copy. What is the fair infer-
ence? That the witness knew that if he told
from whom he did obtain it it could through
that person be traced back to a Senator or to
some officer of thu body; and the inference of
ail candid men will be that we wi>ot 011 until
we became satisfied of that, and then backed
out of the investigation.
Mr. President, many of us have had the
mibl'ortune to try cases in justices' courts and
