856
THE OOJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
in county courts and other courts of record.
We have defended criminals and we have
prosecuted criminals. We are told here by
my eloquent friend from Nebraska—if I could
imitate his elocution and oratory I would go
off with him on the subject of his eloquence as
magnificently in his praise as he was of me,
bat t know I should fail—we are told by him
that the liberty of a citizen is involved. Mr.
President, you never arrested a thief for larceny
without involving the liberty of a citizen. You
never arrested a witness who refused to obey
your subpena and come into court and testify
without involving his liberty. You never
arrested a murderer nor any other criminal
without touching this doctrine of the liberty of
the citizen, which means simply the privilege
of one man against the privilegeof all men. Is
that to override and end this inquiry ? Then
we ought to morrow to abolish every penal
statute on our hooks. You have no right to
try a roan for murder; certainly he is a citizen,
aud has not a citizcn vested rights? Is not
liberty higher than the administration of jus-
tice? Will you sit here and enact laws, sit
here and enforce them, which drag a citizen
from his home into the notoriety of a trial and
then into conspicuous exhibition on a gallows
for nothing except murder?
Alluding once more to criminal trials, how
often has every lawyer found out this in his
experience : you call a witness on the stand ;
he being unwilling thinks he can block up the
•whole investigation with t.wo or three answers
that he volunteers. He does not know any-
thing about it; he was not there; he was in
some other place. Very well. You always
listen until ho gets through with his bluffing,
and then you go quietly to work to take away
his underpinning by inquiring about other
little facts that would square with his theory
if it be true and conflict with it if it be false ;
and in that way how often have you seen an
unwilling witness completely undermined and
finally compelled to swear exactly the reverse
of what he started out to swear?
To this question, " Did you obtain this treaty
from a Senator?"—and this substitute says
you have no right to inquire beyond that—he
nays, "No." " Where did you get it from?"
"I will not tell." Suppose he did tell, and
should answer, "From John Smith," and that
.lohn Smith was employed by the day to copy
papers and do other work in the office of
Mat. Ca.iu'entub,, Senator from Wisconsin, I
am ralher inclined to think that the commit-
tee would have sent for John Smith and would
have inquired from John Smith how he ob-
tained the copy, or whether ho procured it
from his employer, and thus get at the facts
and circumstances of the case. I am not
j'oing to take up anytime to demonstrate that.
Does any man suppose that this American
people are not intelligent, enough to see that,
cm the face of these papers, if we stop here
we stop self-convicted?
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I certainly ap-
proach this matter without any feeling. I
desire to vote underetandingly and to vote
justly. I am not quite satisfied with the sub-
stitute of the Senator from New York, though
I might be if it were a little amended. I pro-
pose to amend it by adding a few additional
words, which I send to the desk to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An" amend-
ment to the amendment, isin order. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Georgia to the amendment
of the Senator from New York.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
among the interrogatories required to be pro-
pounded by the amendment of the SenatorfrcSm
New York the following :
From your knowledge of tlio facts attending the
procurement of the alleged eopy of the treaty by you.
are you well satisfied tbatthe same was not obtained
from or through any Senator or officer or employe
oi the Senate?
Mr. HILL. I submit that because I think if
these gentlemen answer that question affirm-
atively the Senate ought to stop at, that point,
and not go further. It is a matter wholly
immaterial to me where they procured a copy
of the treaty, if it be in truth a copy—and I
am admonished here to-day that we must be
very careful in speaking of any such matter—
provided it was not obtained from or through
the Senate or any officer or employ^ of the
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Would it not be better
to change the amendment so as to refer the
whole subject to these two witnesses and let
them report to us their opinion upon it?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. HILL. No, I do not think it would;
at least not quite so well; but I had thought
of that idea in that connection. [Laughter.]
I preferred, however, to confer with some
legal minds as to the effect of this.
Certainly, if it be true that these two report-
ers of the press procured directly from the
State Department, or from a clerk in the State
Department, the copy of the treaty which has
been used, they do know that its procurement
was not connected with the Senate. Prom the
examination which has been made I am im-
pressed with the idea—if I may be permitted
to say this much about the treaty—I am satis-
fied, from the comparison which has been
instituted between the copy of what purports
to be the treaty that is contained in the New
York Tribune, that what has appeared in that
paper was not printed after the copy which is
here in the Senate. It is not a copy literally
of that paper which has been furnished to Sen-
ators. That brings my mind to the conclusion
that there is a strong probability that the copy
printed in the Tribune was not taken from it.
I do not think we are constituting these per-
sons the judges as to whether it came from a
Senator or not by the form of question which
I propose to submit. I do not know that it
is agreeable to every Senator or officer or
empley6 of the body that this form of inquiry
should be addressed to the witnesses, but it is
enough for me, knowing the witnesses to be
men of character, if they answer the question
affirmatively, that the Senate should have noth-
ing further to do with the matter.
-1 know that the objection which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has made does seem to
apply, that it does appear somewhat like
referring the question to these witnesses that
they may exculpate everybody by simply say-
ing so. That argument, however, proceeds
on the supposition that they may say what is
not true. So far as they have testified, I must
do them the justice to declare that they have
testified with great caution, great prudence,
and I have no doubt with great truthfulness ;
and they would have preferred, no doubt, to
go oil and testify further and answer every
question. I am satisfied that when they an-
swer the question which I have submitted as
an amendment, comprehensive as it is, we
should go no further, because I believe they
know whore the copy came from and who it
was that furnished it, and if they answer that
it did not come to them by or through any
Seuator or officer of the Senate, I think that
we may well stop there.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I shall sup-
port the substitute offered by the Senator from
New York, and for the reason that we in the
majority of this Senate, who are responsible
for the action and the organization of the Sen-
ate, have, in the most lax manner, allowed our
secret proceedings to be published from time
to time, and have made no examination into
the subject. We have met in the most confi-
dential manner, and yet the majority of this
Senate have allowed our proceedings when
so assembled to be published, without inquiry,
without examination. The proceedings of such
meetings could only have been communicated
by Senators themselves.
If Senators of our own party will allow the
proceedings of our own secret meetings or
caucuses to be published in this way, and will
make no examination into how it was done,
and make no attempt to prevent it; if they
will not commence there at the root of this
evil, I am in favor of stopping tbis present
proceeding in the Senate. If we will not com-
mence an inquiry into this evil in a place where
we can stop it, if we will allow Senators them-
selves to communicate our own votes and pro-
ceedings in secret caucus, how can we under-
take to stop communications in the Senate
where there are more than our own party
present, and where the officers of the Senate
are also assembled ?
It seems to me that we ourselves as a party-
organization are responsible for these things in
a great measure. Every Senator here knows
that we have seldom met together in caucus
without the proceedings of that caucus and the
votes of that caucus being published the next
day in every newspaper in this city, and per-
haps in every newspaper in all the large cities
of the country. If we allow this, how are we
to put a stop to the publication of these com-
munications ? In this case it must be remem-
bered that the Secretary of State may be said
to have encouraged the publication of this
treaty, by giving to the public a synopsis, in-
deed, the great bulk of the treaty, before it
was transmitted to the Senate. Knowing the
desire of th^ State Department and of the Gov-
ernment to have this treaty published, in order
that the feeling of the community with regard
to it might be ascertained, these members of
the press obtained a copy of it, no doubt under
the belief that it would be satisfactory to the
Government that it should go before the peo-
ple. If that was not intended, why should a
synopsis of the treaty have been furnished ?
For these reasons, until we take some steps
to put a stop to the publication of the proceed-
ings of our own secret meetings, I am opposed
to investigating such publications as this, and
hence I shall support the substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Fenton,] which will be read.
The Cioef Clekk. The amendment to the
amendment is to insert as an additional ques-
tion :
From your knowledge of the facts attending thy
procurement; of the alleged copy of the treaty by
you, aro you well satisfied that the same was not
obtained from or through any Senator or officer or
employe of the Senate?
Mr. CARPENTER. On that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the original amendment or substitute of tho
Senator from New York.
The amendment of Mr. Fenton was read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask that the
Clerk read the resolution offered by the com-
mittee—which is the main proposition on which
the Senate is to act—that the Senate may dis-
tinctly understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg to inform the
Senator from Kentucky, if he will allow me,
that the committee have offered no resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I am mistaken
then ; it was offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am responsible for
that resolution alone; I want the credit of it
and the blame of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The resolution
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin this
morning is the original, distinct proposition
which is now before the Senate. I want that
to be read so that the Senate may know pre-
cisely what issues are pending before it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the original resolution, upon which
the vote has not yet been taken.
The resolution of Mr. Carpenter was read.
