1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
things in that State, and among other things
alleging as follows:
"As things are now in three fourths of the coun-
ties in this State judges nrc opposed to men of color,
or fear to give judgment in their favor, or jurors are
selected who, for simila r reasons, are sure to give ver-
dicts against us, and if we appeal to a higher court,
mobs attack us in the streets. If in self-defense
any white man is injared, then, under color of law,
we are locked up in jail to be taken out at night to
be hanged orshot, as they may think proper, or else
left to work out the term of our sentence, however
unjust."
These petitioners ask the attention of Con-
gress to these facts, and they ask to be enabled
to protect themselves. I move the reference
of this petition to the select Committee on
Southern Outrages.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a series of
resolutions from the State of Massachusetts,
which I ask to have read, printed, and laid on
the table.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
In the Year 1871.
Kesolution in relation to the repeal of duties on
coal.
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts
hereby request the Senators and Representatives in
the Congress of tho IJnited States to take such meas-
ures as they may deem expedient for the repeal of
the present laws by which a duty is laid on import-
ed coal, and for the relief of the poorer portions of
the community from the extortions of the various
mining agencies oi the country.
Hesolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to forward a copy of the foregoing to each
of tbe Senators and Representatives in Congress from
this Commonwealth.
Senate, February 28, 1871.
Passed; Sent down for concurrence.
S.N.GIFFORD, Clerk.
House of Representatives, March 7, 1871.
Passed in concurrence.
W. S. ROBINSON. Clerk.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, asking a
grant of the United States arsenal and grounds
at Dearborn, Michigan, for a State arsenal and
military purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present the petition of
Frances Ida Patterson and Lemuel Louis Lin-
coln, heirs of Louis Marchand, deceased,
praying indemnity for French spoliations com-
mitted prior to the year 1801. The Senator
on my right, late chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Sumxeii,] made a
very exhaustive and elaborate report at the
last session in favor of paying these claims, and
introduced a bill. It is a very important mat-
ter, and I ask for it the early attention of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom I
move that this petition be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of addi-
tional legislation for the protection of immi-
grants to this country in tlieir transit through
the United Stales; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan, a
deceased soldier, praying for additional pen-
sion on account of an infant child ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
rectifiers and wholesale dealers in liquors in
Boston, remonstrating against the construc-
tion placed upon the pet of April 10, 1869, by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which
allows the business of distilling and rectifying
to be carried on within six hundred feet of
each other; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a memorial of
the Legislature of'Nebrasfca, asking the estab-
lishment of certain mail routes in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, asking an extension of the
time for payment by preemptorsfor tlieir lands ;
which was referred to the Committee oil Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented a
resolution of the Legislature of West Virginia
in favor of the removal of the political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution ; which was
referred to the select Committee on Political
Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, praying that Duluth
be made a port of entry; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and papers of the
Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company of New
York bo taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committeo on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That Matilda Sisson Conklin have leave
to withdraw her petition and papers from the files
of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That, David Kennemore, Seaborn P. Ken-
neinore, John 31. Kennemore, Silas P. Woodall.and
Simpson Bishop have leave to withdraw their peti-
tions and papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and papers of Andrew
Brown bo taken from tho files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered. That E. I>. MeCormick have lea.ve to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of tho
Senate.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Andrew White be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to tho
Committee on Public Lands.
IIOUGIITON AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 232) to enable the Houghton and Onton-
agon Railroad Company to make a resurvey of
its road, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment, and to ask for its present
consideration. It is a local matter which the
Senators from Michigan are very anxious to
dispose of.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides that the Hough-
ton and Ontonagon Railroad Company, a cor-
poration organized and existing under the laws
of the State of Michigan, and upon which the
State, in pursuance of a joint resolution of
Congress approved May 20,1808, has conferred
the grants of land made to aid in the construc-
tion of a road from Marquette to Ontonagon,
be authorized to make a resurvey and new loca-
tion of that part of the line between Marquette
and Ontonagon to be constructed by the com-
pany. But the company is to be entitled to
select and receive only its complement of lands
for each mile of road constructed and com-
pleted, in the manner required by law, from
the alternate odd-numbered sections of lands
belonging to the United States and within the
limits heretofore assigned to the line of road;
and on the completion of the survey a map of
the new line is to be filed with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
The amendment of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was to insert as an additional pro-
viso the following:
And provided further. That said company shall not
be entitled to receive any lands for any increased
length of the new line hereby authorised, and shall
only be entitled to receiveits lands conterminous with
its line of road as completed.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not rise to object,
but simply to ask a question. I observe that
the phraseology here is like that employed in
some other bills. As to this and them 1 should
like to ask a question. I seo that the quan-
tity of land is not enlarged ; i see that the
selection is to be within certain limits; but I
wish to know whether this bill changes tho
rights or affects the rights of anybody who in
the mean time may have acquired any claim or
title to the lands that are to be changed. It
has occurred two or three times that under
provisions something like this, although tho
quantity of lands was not enlarged, it turned
out afterward that the lands to which the new
leave applied had in the mean time been sub-
jected to the claims or rights of somebody
else. I presume that is not so in this ease,
and I wish the Senator would say that.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a question which
the committee were very particular to exam-
ine; and the Senators from Michigan, as well
as the report from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, showed that the rights
of no settlers were interfered with 
Mr. CONKLING. And of no other cor-
poration or claimant?
Mr. POMEROY. No other party. We
could not find that it affected the rights of any
other party. The facts are that they could not
get their land withdrawn from market until
a map was filed and the preliminary survey
made ; aud the preliminary survey was not
carefully run, and they find insurmountable
difficulties to building the road where they
ran their preliminary survey, and they want
to turn around. That is all there is in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TTIURMAN. . Assuming the fact to be
as stated by the Senator from Kansas, there
can be no harm in putting in the general pro-
vision that no privilege granted by this act
shall interfere with the rights of third persons
or with homestead or preemption rights.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. "No vested right."
Mr. THURMAN. ""Vested right" will not
do, because the Supreme Court has decided
that a homestead settler or a preemptioner
has no vested right.
Mr. CONKLING. Say "vested right, or
homestead or preemption right."
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to if there be
no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a,
third reading, was read the third time, and,
passed.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report a concurrent
resolution for printing two volumes succeeding
the preliminary report of the census. I aslc
for its present consideration.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa->
tives concurring,) That there be printed thirty-two
thousand five hundred copies of the volume upon
industry and tho volume upon mortality of tha
ninth census, of which ten thousand shall bo for tho
use of the Senate, twenty thousand for the use of
the House of Representatives, and two thousand,
five hundred for the use of the Census oflice.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Rhode
Island would not object, it is exceedingly im-
portant that there should be an amendment,
which I think may as well be put upon this as
any other resolution. We passed a concurrent
resolution authorizing a certain number of"
reports of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to be printed for the use of the
Department. The new Commissioner who haa
come in writes me that the number was ex-
hausted for 1870 before he took possession of
the office, and that he has not a number to put
his hands upon. I wanted to move, as thai,
report is in type, and the only expense will b«
the paper and press-work, that there be two
thousand extra copies of the report of thn
Commissioner of the General Land Offices
printed, and given tq the Department of tht>
Interior.
