858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
practically, of answering these questions would
be to show that there was some other inter*
mediary who was not necessarily connected
with an improper disclosure or putting into
utterance of the paper.
Now, what is the purpose of the Senate, and
what is the good sense of this proceeding? A
treaty has been submitted to the Senate by the
President. It is one of the rules of the Senate
that the proceedings upon this treaty shall be
in secret session, and that a copy of the treaty
shall not be given out by any Senator or by
any officer of the Senate, or by the procure-
ment, directly or indirectly, of any Senator or
officer of the Senate. What is the Senate
engaged in ? It is to investigate the fact whether
this treaty has passed from the Senate by such
improper means, that is, by the violation of
faith on the part of any Senator or any officer
of the Senate, or by the procurement of such
Senator or officer.
Do we wish to preserve and vindicate the
secrecy of the proceedings of the Senate upon
treaties? How can that be done effecually,
unless we use the proper means for the pur-
pose of detecting how this secrecy is violated
when the fact is that it has been violated?
Can that be done by propounding such vague
questions as have been offered as a substitute
by the Senator from New York, or the still
more vague, if possible, question that has been
suggested by the Senator from Georgia ? Why,
Mr. President, the office of such questions,
when they are put to witnesses in court, is
simply to elude and suppress the truth,"instead
of being an effective means of arriving at it;
and there would be no other practical conse-
quence resulting from putting such questions
here.
It is the duty of the Senate to preserve ita
own secrecy iu relation to this matter invio-
lably. It is the duty of the Senate to ascer-
tain whether the publication of the matter has
resulted from the Senate, either directly or
indirectly. It never can prosecute effectually
such an inquiry as that by propounding such
questions as have been suggested, and the only
mode by which it can be done is by taking the
obvious and universal course of such investi-
gations adopted by the committee itself iu pro-
pounding to a party to whose possession this
paper lias been traced the question, " From
whom did you get the paper?" It is not for
the witness to whom such n question is pro-
pounded to direct or to mold the course of
the investigation or the inquiry on the part
of the committee. If they were to mold or
to direct the manner in which the investiga-
tion should be prosecuted it could never be
brought to a successful result, and the only
practical effect would be the suppression of
the truth instead of ferreting out and elicit-
ing it from persons who were disposed to
withhold it.
You cannot have an effective investigation
in any other mode and by any other form of
inquiry than that which has been adopted by
the committee itself. Now, suppose the ques-
tion suggested by the Senator from New York
was answered in the negative, and the ques-
tion suggested by the Senator from Georgia
was answered in the negative, would that at
all tend 10 establish the conclusion that the
seciucy of the Senate had not been improperly
violated iu some stage of the business by some
member of the Senate or by some of its officers?
Not at till. We are not attempting to fix the
guilt, of this disclosure upon the State Depart-
ment or anywhere else; we are only engaged
in the investigation of ascertaining whether
til's disclosure has resulted from the Senate
or not. \Y"e are bound to vindicate the Senate
from ihtit imputation if the Senate be inno-
cent of it; and if the Senate be not innocent
of it. but be guilty of it, we are bound to lis that
guilt upon the Senate, and we cannot fix it iu
any other mode than by asking precisely such
questions as the committee have asked of these
■URUctses. If the witness whose case is now
under consideration be compelled to give the
name of the party who delivered to him that
paper the committee of the Senate would
immediately summon that party before it. It
would then put the same question to that
party.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me one
question there that I may understand him ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. Does he not suppose that it is
possible that the person who delivered this
treaty, that is, supposing it to have been de-
livered to the reporter, may be in ignorance
himself as to where the treaty came from ?
May not the individual who delivered the treaty
not know what the price paid for it was or where
it came from 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I trust the Sen-
ator will not interrupt me further. I compre-
hend his whole question.
Mr. HILL. I will only makethis remark 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Kentucky yield for further interrup-
tion?
Mr. HILL. A single remark. For my own
part I would sooner take the judgment of these
reporters who negotiated 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I must resume the floor.
Mr. HILL. Very well, sir, I will not inter-
rupt the Senator further.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I admit that the
Senate has only the authority to exhaust its
power in relation to this investigation. It has
a right to summon witnesses before it, and
whenever its committee get a witness before
them who admits that he was in possession
of this spurious paper, or this paper that was
improperly published, and he cannot trace it
any further, he cannot give any account how
the paper got into his possession or from whom
itcame, the thread ofthe Senate's investigation
is at an end, and it has to stop. I concede
that; but I say that it is the duty of the Sen-
ate to exhaust all its practical power in this
investigation. It is the duty of the Senate to
adopt the means of investigating the truth and
reaching it that leads most effectually to that
conclusion.
The course adopted by the committee and
the questions propounded by the commit-
tee are precisely of that character, and will
probably lead to a disclosure of the truth upon
that point. At any rate, they are much more
likely to reach that conclusion than is the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia or
that of the Senator from New York ; and if
the Senate will adhere to the support of the
committee in its line of investigation, as it
ought to do, and that line of investigation
should prove fruitless, the Senate wili have
done its duty to itself and to the country by
having exhausted all its practical means of
arriving at the truth, and then if it fails the
Senate will not be a subject of ridicule at all;
it will have failed after an honest and bona
Jide exercise of all its appropriate power to
reach the truth; and it is the duty ot the Sen-
ate to pursue the inquiry I think according to
that line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, and the Secretary
will call the roll on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Hiu.] to the
amendment of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fevi'on.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 34 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Cooper, Cor-
bett, Cragin. Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Har-
lan, Hill, Kelly, Morton, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Scliui'7,, Sprague,Stevenson,Stockton, Sumner,
Xhuninui, Tipton, Vicknrs, Wilson, and Windom—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Colliding, Davis of Kpntticky, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry ol Michigan, Flanagan, Fl'eling-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morrill ot Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Otborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey. Sawyer. Seott, Spenecr, Stewart, Trumbull, and
Wright—SI.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Brownlow, Cameron,
Gilbert, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Nye, Pomeroy,
Pool, Sherman, and West—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Fenton] as a substitute for
the original resolution, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Corbctt, Cragin, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Ilarlan, Hill, Morton, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Viclcers, Wilson,and Windom—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter. Cassorly, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling. Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe,
Kelly, Logan, Morriil of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Stowart, Stockton, Trum-
bull, and Wright—37.
ABSENT—Slessrs. Bayard. Brownlow, Cameron.
Gilbert, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Nye, Pomeroy,
Pool, Sherman, and West—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the question upon
that be takgn together, or is it susceptible of
division?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is susceptible of division ; but he will exam-
ine it and see.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. The first question di-
rected by the resolution to be propounded by
the Chair is to know what excuse the witnesses
have for treating the Senate with contempt.
I am in favor of that question being pro-
pounded. The second question inquires of
the witnesses whether they are ready to an-
swer all proper questions that may be pro-
pounded to them by the committee. I desire
to offer an amendment to that inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on
examination, thinks the resolution is divisible,
and the language used by the Senator who
drew it seems to have had in contemplation
that a division might be demanded, for it
reads: " That the President of the Senate pro-
pound to him the following interrogatory,"
not "interrogatories," although two follow;
it is in the singular.
Mr. CARPIiNTER. That is a mistake.
It was intended to be "interrogatories." I
intended to draw it as one resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an
amendment to the second interrogatory con-
tained in the resolution; and I will ask for
such a division as will allow me to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
for a division of the second interrogatory.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let the resolution be
amended by changing " interrogatory" to
" interrogatories."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin desires to modify the resolution. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none ; and
it will be so modified. Does the Senator from
Illinois desire the second interrogatory to bo
divided?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can offer an amend-
ment at this stage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be
probably better for the journalizing of it to
offer an amendment to the interrogatory at
this stage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will move now
to amend the second interrogatory by adding
after the word '1 committee," which, I believe,
isat the end of the interrogatory, these words:
Touching the disclosure, directly or indirectly,
through any member of the Senate, or any officcror
omploysj thereof, of what purports to be a copy of
the treaty of Washington, now ponding before the
Senate in executive session. -
