860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
is before the public. Now, what does that
report state in the very outset? It reads as
follows:
"The select committee appointed under and in
pursuance of a resolution of tile Senate of May 12,
1871, as follows."
And then comes the resolution verbatim:
" ftesolved, That a select committee of live Sen-
ators be appointed by the Chair, who shall invest-
igate how. and by whom, the treaty known as the
treaty of Washington and other recent proceedings
of the Senatein executive session were made public,
and that said committee have power to send for
persons and papers."
Not to inquire whether a paper purporting
to be the treaty has been made public.
Mr. MORTON. That was the very point on
which the Senator interposed to correct me.
Mr. THURMaN. My question, therefore,
had no pertinence, and if I had recollected
this resolution I would not have put the ques-
tion to the Senator. The Senate has made this
treaty public itself; it has removed the injunc-
tion of secrecy from the treaty ; it has in effect
declared that the publication purporting to be
the treaty is the publication of the treaty, and
therefore has said to the whole world, "The
treaty is before you," and yet we are to pursue
an investigation to find how it got out.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me to call his attention to the very
clear distinction which he made in his former
speech, that we are not inquiring as to how
the treaty got out, but we are inquiring into
what reason these witnesses have for refusing
to answer how it got out?
Mr. THURMAN. I know that is the ques-
tion, and I am not going to take back what I
said before; but the question is, whether the
Senate on this 17th day of May, after having
no longer ago than yesterday itself made the
treaty public, is going to pursue the investiga-
tion in respect to these young men. I say it
is about time to stop. If there were any great
public considerations which required that this
treaty should be kept secret, arid which would
therefore make it a matter of the highest duty
on the part of the Senate to find out who pub-
lished what purported to be the treaty, then
there might be some reason in pursuing this
thing further ; but after the Senate itself has
decided that the treaty ought to be made pub-
lic, after the Senate itself has in effect removed
the injunction of secrecy from it, and thus shown
that there was no great public reason why it
should be kept from the people, I do not thiuk
there is any necessity for us to pursue this at-
tempt any further, and for that reason I shall
vole for any and every motion that will limit
it, or rather I should be willing to abandon it
altogether.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, 1 would have
voted to remove the injunction of secrecy from
this treaty on any day or hour that the ques-
tion might have been presented to me. Why?
Because, in my judgment, there was no detri-
ment to come to the Republic or to any other
interest in the world by making it public. I
did not make it public, because I was not
authorized to do so. When the treaty came
into my possession it came into my possession
confidentially, and I was not authorized to
make it public. If it had come into my hands
not in confidence, if I had been the editor of
a newspaper and the treaty had been placed
iu my hands, not under any injunction of con-
fidence whatever, I should have published it
or not published it precisely as my judgment
thought the public interest would warrant,
if I thought the public interest would be sub-
served by giving the treaty to the public T
should have done it, because it was in my pos-
session and I could do so without violating any
confidence reposed in me, and could do so
without violating any law of the land. That
would have been the rule which would have
guided me. If the question had been put to
me as a Senator whether I would vote to pub-
lish the treaty or not, I should havesaid "ay,"
because I eould vote "ay" ,or "no" as I
pleased without violating any duty. It was
an exercise of my own judgment.
But now, Mr. President, that simply dis-
poses of the question of the propriety of pub-
lishing the treaty. This treaty has gone to the
public; I do not know but that it has gone to
the public with full authority. The Senate
had authority to give it to the public, but the
Senate did not in the first instance. I have
no manner of doubt that the President had
authority to give it to the public, and I do not
know but that he did. I have no manner of
doubt but that the Secretary of State had
authority to give it to the-public, and I do not
know but that he did. I have no doubt but
that the presidents of the joint high commis-
sion on the part of the United States and on
the part of Great Britain had authority to give
it to the public, and I do not know but that
they did. The only thing that makes me think
they did not is the fact that two gentlemen
who seem to know who did give it to the pub-
lic or through whose instrumentality it was
given to the public refuse to tell.
If the President authorized the publication
of it, I do not see why they should refuse to
tell. If the Secretary of State, if the presi-
dent of the British commissioners authorized
it, I do not see why they should refuse to tell
it. That leads to a presumption in my mind
that somebody communicated it to these wit-
nesses, and in doing so violated a duty reposed
in Tiim. Who it was 1 do not know. I do not
suppose it makes much difference to the public
who it was. Perhaps it was a higher offense
for a Senator to do it than for some officer of
less responsibility than a Senator is supposed
to have to do it. But the public is proportion-
ately as much interested to know whether it
was a clerk in one of your offices here, or a
clerk in the Slate Department, or a clerk any-
where else, as to know whether it was a Sen-
ator. If it involved a breach of trust, and if
that breach of trust was committed by some
one in the public employ, the public is inter-
ested to know who it was, because he has been
in the public employ long enough. A Sen-
ator suggests, "Suppose it was the Public
Printer" 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is an officer of the
Senate.
Mr. HOWE. If it was the Public Printer,
if it was a clerk of ours, if it was anybody
responsible to us for his conduct, we perhaps
could punish him, and so we should have a
double interest in ascertaining that fact; but
if it was a clerk in anybody else's employ con-
nected with the public service there is an in-
terest in knowing who and where the man is,
because somewhere there is authority to reach
him. I can well conceive that it might have
been committed to the keeping of these wit-
nesses by a subordinate in some Department
and without possibly the breach of any trust.
Why? Because it might have fallen into the
possession accidentally or by design of some
clerk, and he might not know that it was his
duty to keep it from the public. I can con-
ceive of a case of mistaken duty like that, but
then if that was the case the only consequence
would be that there would be no punishment
to be meted out to that individual. The trouble
is now that we do not know whether there is
any punishment belonging to anybody, deserved
by anybody, and we do not know who is to
inflict that punishment. Suppose punishment
should be due. Nobody has any idea of pun-
ishing a newspaper for publishing this treaty ;
nobody has any idea of punishing a corre-
spondentwho gets possession ofthe treaty with-
out any breach of confidence on'his part and
so communicates it to the public. I do not
know that he has violated any duty by that
particular act of his.
Now, Mr. President, I cannot vote for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois, because I am not merely interested to
know whether it is a Senator or a clerk of ours
who has been guilty of this breach of confi-
dence ; I am interested to know whether any-
body in the public service has violated that
duty or not. That is the question, I think,
which interests the public. The public does
suspect that there are a great many men in its
service who ought not to be iu its service.
Here is an indication that somebody is iu its
service who ought not to be in it, who is not
to be trusted. Now, why not pursue that
inquiry ? I admit, if the end of our inquiry
was to ascertain whether one of ourselves had
been guilty of this breach of confidence, the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois might achieve that purpose. The com-
mittee would still have authority to put any
questions to the witnesses which tended to
elicit that information ; but, then, I want to say
to the Senator from Illinois that after all, if
they pursued that inquiry solely with a view to
attain that end, it would be impossible for them
to reach that result without at length putting
to these very witnesses the question which was
put by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose they show that
they had it on Monday, before the Senate met?
Mr. HOWE. Then, if it could be shown con-
clusively that no Senator, no officer connected
with the Senate, had a copy of it as early as
the Monday before, that would of course excul-
pate all of us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had not-been com-
municated to the Senate then.
Mr. HOWE. But it might have been com-
municated to a Senator, and in confidence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution is not
for that purpose ; it is to inquire how the pro-
ceedings of the Senate were disclosed.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the resolution
to be directed to the inquiry how this treaty
was communicated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How this treaty "and
other proceedings of the Senate."
Mr. HOWE. Very well", but the treaty is
one thing; " other proceedings of theSenate"
are another thing. That is my understanding
of the resolution; that is my understanding of
the purpose at which the resolution is aimed ;
and it seems to me we do not meet the duty
we owe to the public until we ascertain
whether anybody connected with the public
service has been guilty of this breach of trust
or not. That is why I cannot vote for any of
these amendments, and I think—and I must
be allowed to say this one word before I sit
down—that the idea that we have any duty to
discharge toward that unknown individual, if
there be any such, who, in violation of a trust
reposed in him, authorized the giving of this
treaty to the public is a mistaken idea.
The witnesses do not, the Senate do not,
the New York Tribune do not, the Cincinnati
Commercial do not owe any duty in the world
to that person ; cannot owe it to him. If he
has been guilty of the breach of a trust nobody
is authorized, in my judgment, to do anything
to cover it up. * He had his own reasons for
incurring that guilt; he can answer for that
whenever he is called upon to answer. At
present he is not. There is a question of the
power of the Senate involved here to enforce
an answer to a question, the answer to which
the Senate seems to think is important to the
public welfare.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to the second inter-
rogatory in the original resolution.
Mr. CARPENTER called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 28 ; as follows:
XEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Casserly, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Fon.ton, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Efarlan,
Hill, Kelly, Morton, Bicc, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Seott, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton. Sum-
ner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Wilson,
and Windom—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
liag, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fro-
linehuvsen. Hamlin. HitahnoRk. How'e. Morrill of
