1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
Maine, Osborn. Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Spencer. Sretv;:rf.. and Wright—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Sherman, and West—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs oti agreeing to the resolution as
amended,
Mr.FENTON. Is it in order now to amend
the resolution further?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. FBN'fON. I propose at the proper
place to insert an ameudment, which the Sec-
retary can reduce to form in proper language,
that the answers to the interrogatories pro-
pounded by the Chair shall be in writing and
under oath.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves to amend the resolution, as
the Chair understands, by striking out the
words "and shall be required to answer the
same," and inserting "and this answer to the
interrogatories shall be in writing and under
oalh."
Mr. CARPENTER. That question which
they are to ask time of the Senate to consider
and then address the Senate in writing upon
is, whether they are willing to appear before
the committee and answer proper questions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom New
York.
Mr. FENTON. I ask Tor the yeas and nays
on that amendment, and in doing so I will
make this single statement: it does not inter-
fere at all with the prerogatives of the com-
mittee. The "proper questions" suggested
in the interrogatories may still be propounded
by the committee without any abridgment
and the auswers given orally. This relates
solely to the replies that these witnesses are
called upon to make to the interrogatories
propounded by the Chair.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. What are
they?
Mr. PENTON. Let them be read.
Mr. CARPENTER. Inthe first place, what
their excuse is for not answering, and second,
whether they are willing to go before the com-
mittee and answer.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. Does the
Senator from New York mean that they shall
have time to answer those questions in writing?
Mr. PENTON. I meant to give them time,
and it is in accordance, I am informed by the
President of the Senate, with the usage in such
cases.
Mr. MORTON. That embraces the inter-
rogatory which was amended on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois?
Mr.FENTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Isimply wish to remind
the Senate, without wasting time, that this wit-
ness testified to the committee, as the report
shows, that he came to the examination with
a fixed purpose not to disclosethe source from
which this paper was obtained. And one of
these witnesses at least was asked if he
required any time to consider the matter, after
the committee had advised him that it was
their unanimous opinion that he would be in
contempt if he refused to answer, and he
declined to take any time. Now it is pro-
posed, not asked, as I understand by the wit-
ness or by any counsel of his, but it is pro-
posed by a Senator to let Mr. White retire and
consult with himself and address a communi-
cation in writing to the Senate on this subject I
Mr. SUMNER, I would call attention to
a precedent which is before me, entitled " con-
tumacious witness," and I think it is the last
that has occurred in this Chamber. It was
when, on the motion of Mr. Mason, the author
of the fugitive slave bill, and at the time chair-
man of the committee known as the Harper's
Ferry investigating committee, summoned sev-
eral witnesses from the North to testify, hoping
to implicate them in the proceedings of John
Brown at Harper's Ferry. One of those wit-
nesses was a well-known citizen and inventor,
Thaddeus Hyatt, of New York. He was asked
to answer certain questions. He declined. On
his declining he was brought to the bar of the
Senate, when this incident ensued :
" Mr. Mason. X move that the witness be brought
into the Chamber, in pursuance of the order of the
Senate.
"The Vice President. The Sergeant-at-Arms
will fulfill theorder.
"The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, hav-
ing in his custody Mr. Hyatt.
"The Vice President"—
The Vice President then was Mr. Breckin-
ridge—
" The Vice President. Mr. Hyatt, are you pre-
pared now to answer the questions which I aslced
you by order of the Senate?
"Mr. Hyatt. Yes, sir; lam. I have tny answer
here. I am not able to read it. I hope the Clerk
will read it for mo.
"Mr. Mason. Ipropose that the document which,
the witness tenders be received at the desk of the Sec-
retary and examined, to see if it contains answers
to the interrogatories put to him, and whether they
are under oath.
"The motion was agreed to: and the Sergoant-at-
Arms took the answer to the Secretary's desk.
"The Vice President. Tho Secretary informs
the Chair that it purports to be an answer to the two
interrogatories, and that it is under oath.
"Mr. Mason. I observe, by a cursory look at the
doouinent, that it is a very long one. A great, deal,
or a portion of it at least, is apparently printed mat-
ter. 1 do not know how we can ascertain even the
substance without reading it, or at least so much of
it as to see its character, so that we can determine
whether to receive it, or to refer its consideration to
the committee or not. I propose, therefore, that it
be read for the present, in order to see what it con-
tains. If nccessary, the reading can be stopped at
any particular point,
"The Vice President. If there be no objection
the Secretary will proceed with the reading of the
answer.
" Mr. Mason. The witness may take a seat.
" The Sergcant-at-Arms conducted him to a seat
behind the bar.
" The Secretary proceeded to read the answer, as
follows."
After reading for some time Mr. Mason
interfered to arrest the reading. He did not
like it ; and then it appeared that a Senator
who now has the honor 
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask
whether that paper that was produced was an
answer to these preliminary questions, or
whether he had purged himself of the con-
tempt and that paper was in answer to the
interrogatories ?
Mr. SUMNER. The questions propounded
to him were :
"1. What excuse have you for not appearing before
the select committee of the Senate, in pursuance of
the summons served on you on the 24th day of
January, 1860?"
There were two interrogatories on this occa-
sion as now.
"2. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee and answer such proper questions as shall
be put to you by said committee?"
That second interrogatory is nearly coinci-
dent with that now before the Senate, except
so far as it has been amended on the motion
of the Spnator from Illinois.
Mr. CARPENTER. And the witness pro-
duced his answer in writing.
Mr. SUMNER. In writing under oath.
Mr. CARPENTER. But he first purged
himself of contempt by being here and ready
to answer.
Mr. SUMNER. I call attention to this as
the last precedent that we have. Whether the
Senate will think it advisable to pursue it is
for them to judge; but the Senate will bear
in mind that this answer was in writing and
under oath, precisely as is contemplated by
the motion 'of the Senator from New York.
Mr. CARPENTER. He did not appear
there and ask for time after having had ample
opportunity, but came with a document so
lengthy that nobody could read it.
Mr. SUMNER. It was read, because I had
the honor of a seat in this Chamber at the
time, and I insisted that it should be read.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that the reading was interrupted.
Mr. SUMNER. The reading was inter-
rupted by Mr. Mason. 1
Mr, CARPENTER. And was it afterward
resumed?
Mr. SUMNER. On my protest it was re-
sumed.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The Chair is 1
familiar with the case. A point of order was
made by Mr. Foster, afterward President pro
tempore of the Senate, that as the Senate had
to vote on the reasons of the person at the
bar they had a right to hear those reasons,
and they must be stated to the body, and the
paper was read, though it was at considerable
length. Even Mr. Toombs at last insisted
that the reasons should be read in full and
considered.
Mr. FENTON. _ I suppose if this amend-
ment should prevail it would be entirely com-
petent for the witnesses to present their reply
in writing and under oath at the hour; but if
that were at all inconvenient, it would then be
Competent for the body, and the courtesy of
the Senate as well as its duty would induce it,
to extend proper time for them to make an
answer under oath as contemplated in the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York demands the yeas and nays on tho
question of agreeing to his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
the amendment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment is to
strike out the words "and that he be required
to answer the same," and in lieu thereof in-
sert: "and that the answers to those interrog-
atories "shall be in writing and under oath."
/The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
did not read all the matter to be stricken out;
the words "and that the Secretary of the Sen-
ate reduce his answers to writing" are also
proposed to be stricken out.
The Chief Clerk. The words to be stricken
out are:
And that ho be required to answer the same, and
that the Secretary of tho Senate reduce his answers
to writing.
And in lieu thereof it is proposed to insert:
And that the answers to these interrogatories shall
be in writing and under oath.
Mr. CARPENTER. If that amendment
stands he may file the paper called his answer
at any time during his natural life, or subse-
quently by his executors!
Mr. THURMAN. No ; it will be for the
Senate to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will still be open to amendment as fixing a
time.
Mr. THURMAN. That can be amended
by saying that he shall do it within such a time
after the adoption of the resolution, or we can
adopt the resolution thus amended and then
fix the time, which would be a better course.
Mr. FEN ION. Certainly. We can see
what time the parties desire.
Mr. THURM AN. Some one may inquire of
them what t'me they ask. Perhaps the Senator
from New York could learn it from them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment
of the Senator from New York.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understood the read-
ing correctly, there are some words proposed
to be stricken out that I think ought to be
retained. The words to which I reier are,
" and that they be required to answer the
same."
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, you might as well
strike them out.
Mr. HARLAN. Why?
Mr. CONKLING. Because the more you
strike out the more you defeat the inquiry.
Mr. FENTON. Those words are not to be
stricken out.
Mr. HARLAN. I thought not. The amend-
merit is simply to give them an opportunity to
answer in writing instead of orally.
