862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. CARPENTER. The amendment, as
it stands, instead of requiring them, simply
authorizes them to answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York perhaps had better reduce
his amendment to writing. The Secretary
endeavored to take it down as it was stated
orally, and perhaps has not got it as explicit
as the mover desires.
Mr. PENTON. I will endeavor to put it
in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that perhaps the question would be
definitely settled by putting the amendment in
this shape, if it meets the approval of the Sen-
ator from New York: strike out the words "and
that the Secretary of the Senate reduce his
answers to writing," and in lieu of those words
insert "and his answers shall be in writing and
under oath," so as to read "and that he be
required to answer the same, and his answers
shall be in writing and under oath."
Mr. PENTON. That is correct.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from New York that hisobject probably is not
to place the respondents at the bar under any
compulsion as to answering in writing, but to
allow them to answer in writing if they prefer
it. That is, their answer may be either oral
or in writing, at their option.
Mr. TH DEM AN. That can be effected by
(he simple change of a word, by using the
phrase " may be" instead of "shall be."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York modify his amendment
according to that suggestion ?
Mr. PENTON. I have no objection-to that.
TheV ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York modifies his amendment so as to
provide that the witness shall be required to
answer, and may answer in writing and under
oalh. Are the yeas and nays still called for
on the amendment in this form?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly. Corbett, Cragin,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton ofTexas, Harlan, Hill, Kelly,
Morton, Osborn, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stockton. Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, and Windom—27.
NAYS—Mcsbrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Oonkling, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Berry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Howe, Logan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott,
Spencer, Stewart, and Wright—31.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis. Nye, Pomeroy, Pool,
Robertson, Sherman, and West—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further amendment the question is on agree-
ing to the resolution as amended, upon which
the yeas and nays have been demanded by the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSBRLY. Let the resolution be
read as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
as it now stands will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Bnolvcd, That Z. L. White, now in the custody of
the Sergcant-at-Arms on an attachment for con-
tempt m refusing to answer certain questions pro-
pounded to him while he was being examined as a
witness by a select committee of the Senate thereto
duly authorized, be arraigned at the bar of the Sen-
ate; and that the President ot the Senate propound
to him the following interrogatories:
"First. What- excuse ha-ve you for not answering the
several interrogatories propounded to yon by mem-
bers of the special committee of the Senate, before
winch committee you were examined as a witness on
the 15th day of May, instant ?'
Sccoad. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee and answer all proper questions which
may be put to you by said committee touching the
disclosure,directly or indirectly, through any mem-
ber of the Senate, or any officer or employ6 thereof,
of what purports to be a copy of the treaty of Wash-
ington. now pending before the Senate in executive
session?
And that he be required to answer the same, and
that the Secretary ot the Senate reduce his answeis
ng.
by the Vice President; and that the Vice Presi-
dent then propound to him the several interroga-
tories which were propounded to him by the com-
mittee, and which he refused to answer, as shown
by the report of said committee; and that said wit-
ness be required to answer the same, and that the
Secretary of the Senate reduce his answers to writing.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have not
said anything on this question; others have
spoken ; nor am I disposed now to occupy the
attention of the Senate; but I would suggest
to the Senate, have we not proceeded far
enough in this business? Two days, and there
is the result, and the business not yet ended.
The old exclamation of the Roman tribune,
sir, was, "To what good purpose?" Every
Senator mightrepeat that now: Cuibonot To
what good purpose can we proceed farther ?
I think the Senate had better stop. I think
they have gone far enough in this business.
They have shown a reasonable alacrity in giv-
ing two days to the inquiry. Is it expedient
to give I know not how many more days? I
make this inquiry by way of suggesting the
conclusion that we had better vote this reso-
lution down, and that will be notice that we
abandon for the present this whole inquiry.
I do not think any good can come out of it.
It will not be advantageous to the Senate or
to the country. On the contrary; I believe
both will suffer.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
propose to occupy the attention of the Senate
more than a moment. I think it is prejudicial
to the Senate and to the country for us to pre-
tend to have secret sessions, and to have the
proceedings of such sessions constantly pub-
lished. I have no fault to find with the news-
papers for publishing them, but I do believe
that there is somebody in the Senate who does
give the information; that there is somebody
here sitting with us who is betraying us con-
stantly. That is evident. Long speeches are
given out constantly. Such things bring the
Senate into contempt. It seems to me that
we should go on with this investigation and
other investigations while we have the rule,
and while the rule is violated. Otherwise,
abrogate the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. STEWART. Abrogate the rule or
enforce it. Do not have portions of the Senate
abiding by the rule and others violating it. The
manifest injustice of that is seen by the world
and felt, and it is a common subject of remark.
Any one who has read the newspapers for the
past year or two can very well see how the
matter stands. Now, I say I am in favor of
either investigating this matter or abandoning
the rule and having the reporters in the Sen-
ate Chamber all the time. While we have the
rule, and while we have a plain case of con-
tempt before us, I shall be governed by the
rule as I am now, and refrain from imparting
the secrets of the Senate.
Mr, CARPENTER. Mr. President, after all
that has been said I desire to add but one
word. Of course I have no personal knowl-
edge on this subject; but I desire to say that,
from what I have heard and seen, my judgment
is that this publication was made through the
Senate. My belief is that if the committee
can be left to exercise the ordinary powers
that belong to such a committee they will
develop that fact and establish it. Now, if the
Senate do not want to do that, very well ; I
have no anxiety about it. I was appointed by
the Chair upon this committee, and I have
served in good faith, supposing the Senate
wanted this matter investigated. If they do
they will let us go on. It they do not they
will stop us.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as amended, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 42, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of
Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, Windom, and
W right—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Morton, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Sprague. Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut. Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis. Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Sherman,
and West—14.
Sotheresolution, asamended, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will execute the order of the Senate.
[The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to the seat
occupied by Mr. White, and thence conducted
him dowu the center aisle to the area in front
of the Secretary's desk, where he stood.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. White, I
am directed by the Senate to propound to you
two interrogatories and ask answers thereto
orally, which will be reduced to writing by the
Secretary. I will read them first together, and
will afterward propound the interrogatories
separately. The two questions are as follows:
"First. What excuse have you for not answering
the several interrogatories propounded to you by
members of the special committee of the Senate,
before which committee you were examined as a
witness on the 15th day of May instant ?
"Second. Are you now ready to appear before
said committee and answer all proper questions
which may be put to you by said committee touch-
ing the disclosure, directly or indirectly, through any
member of the Senate, or any officer or employe there-
of. of what purports to be a copy of the treaty of
Washington now pending before the Senate in exec-
utive session?"
I will now read to you the first interrogatory
and ask your answer thereto :
" What excuse have you for not answering the
several interrogatories propounded to you by mem-
bers of the special committee of the Senate, before
which committee you were examined as a witness
on the 15th day of May instant ?"
Mr. White. Mr. President, before proceed-
ing to answer that question, I would ask of
the Senate time to prepare an answer.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the witness will
have that indulgence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses the request applies to the other question
also.
Mr. White. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Having heard
both interrogatories, the witness in response
to the first interrogatory states that he desires
time to make an answer. The exact words
will be reported by the Secretary or the pho-
nographic reporter.
Mr. SUMNER. Suppose we now adjourn
with the understanding that the witness be at
the bar to-morrow in readiness.
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps the better way
would be for the chairman of the committee
who has this proceeding in charge to ascer-
tain how much time the witness wants.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to inquire
of the witness what time he needs?
Mr. White. I will be ready to reply to-
morrow.
Mr. CARPENTER. At twelve o'clock?
Mr. White. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that entirely
proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves that the witness have until
twelve o'clock to-morrow to prepare his an-
swer to the interrogatories. The question is
on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. White will
return to his chair.
[The Sergeant-at-Arms then escorted Mr.
White to the chair heretofore provided for
him.]
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for a moment. The
other witness ought not to be left in the pre-
