1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
dicament in which he is. He may want time
also. [Laughter.]
Mr. TBURMAN. No resolution has been
passed in respect to Mr. Ramsdell. I think
lie had better assume that it will be passed
and have his answer ready to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we have not passed
a resolution as to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio insists on his motion to adjourn, it
is not debatable.
Mr. THURMAN. I do insist on the motion.
The question being put, the Senate refused
to adjourn.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, I offer in the
case of Mr. Ramsdell the same resolution
which I offered in the case of Mr. White, sim-
ply changing the name to H. J. Ramsdell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator had better
offer it in the form in which it was adopted in
the other case.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir, I offer it in
the form in which the Senate adopted it, sim-
plv changing the name.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin offers a resolution in regard to H.
J. Ramsdell of the same character as that
adopted by the Senate in the case of Z. L.
White, including the amendment which was
offered by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] and adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. In the same words
precisely, with the exception of the name.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator desire ibat the resolution be reported?
["Oh, nol"]
The resolution was agreed to. So it was
Jiesolved, That IT. J.Rainsdcll, now in the cub tody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms on an attachment for con-
tempt in refusing to answer cortain questions pro-
rounded to him while he was being examined as a
witness by a select committeeof the Senate, thereto
duly authorized, be arraigned at the bar of the Sen-
ate ; and that the President of the Senate propound
to lum the tollowing interrogatories:
" First. What excuse have you for pot answering
the several interrogatories propounded to you by
members of the special committee of the Senate,
before wbiuh committee you were examined asawit-
ness on the loth day of May instant?
"Second. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee and answer all proper questions which
may be put to you by said committee touching the
disclosure, directly or indirectly, through any mem-
ber of the Senate or any officer or employe thereof,
of what purports to be a eopy of the treaty of Wash-
ington now pending before the Senate in executive
session?"
And that he be required to answer the same; and
that the Secretary ot the Senate reduce his answers
to writing; and that the said witness be first sworn
by the Vice President; and that the Vice President
then propound to him the several interrogatories
which were propounded to him by the committee,
and which he refused to answer, as shown by.the
report of said committee; and that said witness be
required to answer the same, and that the Secretary
of tho Senate reduce his answers to writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will cxecnte the order of the Senate.
[The Sergeant-at-Arms conducted Mr. Rams-
dell to the end of the center aisle, near the
area in front of the Secretary's desk, where he
remained standing.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Ramsdell,
I have been directed by the Senate of the
United States to propound to you the follow-
ing interrogatories, which you are required to
answer orally, and the Secretary wilt reduce
your answer to writing:
"First. What excuse have you for not answering
the several interrogatories propounded to you by
members of the special committee of the Senate,
belore which committee you were examined as a
witness on the loth day of May instant?
"Second. Are you now ready to appear beforesaid
committee and answer all proper questions which
may be put to you by said committee touching the
disclosure, directly or indirectly, ttuough any mem-
ber of the Senate or any officer or employe thereof,
ot what purports to be a copy of the treaty of Wash-
ington now pending before the Senate in executive
session ?"
Mr. Ramsdell. Mr. President, I shall also
ask time until to-morrow to prepare my answer.
Mr. CARPENTER. To-morrow at twelve
o'clock ?
Mr. Ramsdell. Yes,'sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Ramsdell
desires until twelve o'clock to-morrow to make
his answer.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that that time
be granted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-six minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
Thuhsday, May 18, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock meridian.
Prayer by Rev. J. B. Wakely, D, D., of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. William Pitt Kellogg, of Louisiana,
appeared in his seat to-day.
CONSIDERATION OF TREATIES.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a new
rule, which I ask to have adopted by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts proposes an amendment to the
rules, as the Chair understands, and asks for
its present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask to have it read, and
if there be no objection to its present consid-
eration so much the better. I think the sooner
it is adopted the better it will be for the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the following rule be adopted by
the Senate, namely:
All treaties with foreign Powers shall be consid-
ered in public and open session of the Senate unless
when communicated in special confidence by the
President, or when ordered otherwise by special vote
of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that had better go
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go to the Commit-
tee on Rules.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask to have the resolu-
tion printed if it is to go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the printing will be ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. As that resolution will
require a modification of several rules; I sug-
gest that it had better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Rules, so that if it is to be adopted
the other rules may be made to conform to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let this be adopted, and
then it can be harmonized with the other rules.
Mr. IIARLAN. Let it be printed and go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be printed and lie over.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me a moment, I should like to offer an
amendment to this resolution to go over also.
I move to amend it by inserting the words
"and all other matters heretofore known aa
executive matters; " so that it will read :
All treaties with foreign Powers^ and all other
matters heretofore known as executive matters.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The amendment
will go over with the proposition itself.
hour op meeting.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. *1 hope not.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Harlan.) Your
motion is right.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit to the Senator
from lowathatifwecome hereattwelveo'elock
and stay until five that is a long enough ses-
sion, and I doubt whether it would be advis-
able to come here at ten o'clock and sit all
through the day.
Mr. HARLAN. I would observe to my
honorable friend, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that we have been here now more than a
week without making very much progress on
the subject on which the Senate has been con-
vened, and 1 think it wouid be well to meet
earlier in order to devote some portion of the
time to that business. That is my object in
making the motion. Of course if a majority
of the Senate be adverse to an earlier meeting,
if it shall be their pleasure to protract the ses-
sion, I can submit, though I shall do it with
great reluctance. 1 prefer to have the sense
of the Senate on this motion. I do not feel
disposed to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that when the Senate adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 29, noes 20.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable except by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to suggest to
the Senator whether it would not be better to
conclude the business we have in hand and
then go to this treaty in earnest.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the regular
Order.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa, and I say it with the hope that we
are not going to put in this day as we did yes-
terday, that we had better try to dispose of
the business we have in hand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wiscousin calls for the regular order; but a
motion to adjourn or to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business, under the elev-
enth rule, has priority of all other motions.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This motion is
not debatable, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit a remark in explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks unanimous consent to give the rea-
son for his motion. Is there objection ?
Mr. CONKLING. None, if there is an op-
portunity on the other side to submit counter
reasons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an objec-
tion. A conditional consent is an objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not intend to debate,
or submit any reasons. 1 wish merely 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any remarks are
objected to unless the matter be opened to
general debate.
Mr. HARLAN. If I should withdraw the
motion I should be out of order also, I sup-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
withdraw his motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope my brother Sen-
ators will allow me to make this observation :
I desire simply to obtain the sense of a major-
ity of the Senate on the question of proceed-
ing with the consideration of the business for
which the Senate has been convened. If a
majority prefer to proceed with some other
business, of course it is for the majority to
take the responsibility. That is all. I would
prefer a vote of the Senate on this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
RECUSANT WITNESSES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin now demands the regular order,
which is the execution of the order of yester-
day. The Sergeant-at-Arms will present Mr.
White at the bar of the Senate.
[The Sergeant-at-Arms conducted Z. L.
White to the area in front of the Secretary's
desk, where he remained standing.]
The VICE PRESIDENT, (addressing the
witness.) Mr. White, by direction of the Sen-
ate yesterday I propounded to you two inter-
rogatories which the Senate resolved that you
should have until twelve o'clock to-day to
answer. Have you your answer now ready ?
Mr. White. Yes, sir.
