158
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
of territory no man has ever been convicted or
punished for any of these offenses, not one.
The only claimed exception, and thatis point-
ed out by the minority report, is where three
or four negroes undertook to disguise them-
selves as Ku Klux, went around murdering
and robbing other black people ; but they were
not genuine Ku Klux. They were arrested by
the authorities, tried, and sent to the peni-
tentiary, and are there now.
But, sir, in all this numerous array of crimes
there is not one man called to an account for
murder, robbery, scourging, whipping. Why,
sir, it is an appalling fact. In regard to Texas
the matter was discussed here some time ago;
and now from Texas to North Carolina how
many crimes have been committed by this Ku
Klux Klan? And yet here is the testimony
of a judge in Kentucky that the grand juries
refuse to indict and the petit juries refuse to
convict and there is no punishment for this
lawless outrage upon human society. Here,
sir, let mo read the testimony, because this
is a point that ought to startle the Senate and
attract the attention of every man to the con-
dition of affairs in the South. Here is the
testimony of quite a number of judges and
legal officers of the State of North Carolina.
I will first read from the testimony of W. P.
Bynum, solicitor of the ninth judicial district:
"Question. To what extent have the persons
chaiged with committing these outrages been ar-
rested and punched?
"Answer. I have sent bills before grand juries in
several counties upon evidence that Iiegardedas
sufficient to find biils upon, and evidence that was
uncontradicted before tho&rand juries; but, in most
instances, !ho grand jones havo ignored the biils. I
think I have succeeded in getting one or two bills
fromagrand jury. In one instaneo, where 1 did ob-
tain i>, bill againot Mime seveat or eight persons, for
entering a house .nut terrifying some women, whose
husbands woro absent, and committing .iflmc vio-
lence upon them, before the case came on tor trial
the prosecutors were compelled to leave the country,
as they themselves alleged to me.
Question. llow compelled to leave?
"Answer. lSy threats of violence and intimida-
tions. They movedinto Tennessee."
Here was a prosecuting attorney, whose dis-
trict, according to the laws of North Carolina,
seems to embrace several counties, who tried
to perform his duty; but the grand jury,
although the testimony was uncontradicted,
refused to find bills, and he was not able in a
single case to punish any man in his whole
district. The question is put to him, "Did
you succeed in bringing any of these cases to
trial?" and he answers:
"I havo never yet succeeded in bringing a single
case to*trial.
"Question. In liow many cases havo applications
been made to you ?
"Answer. A great many moro applications havo
been made to mo than X havo prepared bills for. in
some instances tho parties have come to me, many
of them wounded, beaten, and bruised, and havo
agreed to come back and appear beforo tho grand
jury, but when court came they did not return. In
some instances they havo come t.o me and begged
not to be sent before the grand jury, becauso they
were afraid to toil what they know, afraid to namo
tho peisons who they wore satisfied committed tho
outrages.
"Question. Of what were they afraid; of violence?
*'Anaioer. Of violence: yes, sir."
Then Judge Settle, of the supreme court of
North Carolina, when asked the question as
to the extent of these crimes, says :
"Well, sir, I suppose any candid man in North
Carolina would tell you it is impossible for the civil
authorities, however vigilant they maybe, to pun-
ish those who peipetrate these outrages."
Here is a judge of the supreme court of the
State who telis you that any candid man in
North Carolina will say this, and there is not
a single statement in this book to the contrary,
although my friends who made the minority
report seem to say that order and law prevail
in North Carolina, or rather that men can be
summoned. That is true; anybody can be
summoned. This judge says :
"Tho defect lie-; not so much with the courts as
with the juries. You cannot get a conviction ; you
cannotgot a bill found by the grand jury; or, if you
do, the petit jury acquits tile p.trties. In my otlioiat
Oairacifcyl sit with Judge Pearson and JudgcDick."
Ikea he goes oil and gives his experience,
which I will not now state in detail. There
is also the testimony of Judge Henry of the
eleventh district, who says:
"I rode the seventh circuit in the fall, known as
the Salisbury circuit, and I heard a great deal of
complaint there from tho solicitor.
" Question. Name the counties composing that cir-
cuit.
"Answer. Surry, Yadkin, Davie, Rowan, Davidson,
'Forsyth, and Stokes. Tho solicitor, Mr.A.H.Joyce,
a very prominent and sensible gentleman, told me
that he had attempted to have these persons indicted
for terrible outrages, which he detailed to me, and
though ho had mode thorough cases against them
before the grand jury they were invariably acquit-
ted ; and I heard the same from other solicitors
throughout tho State. I do nor, know anything of
mv own personal knowledge.
" Question. From your intercourse with the judges
and solicitors of tho State, and your own obser-
vation, what is your belief as to tho possibility of
securing justice in tho courts against members of
this organization who commit the outrages?
"Answer. T think the judges who preside in thedis-
tricts where these outrages have been committed
regard that statute as a dead letter. I do not think
they think they can enforce it.
" Question. For what reason?
"Answer. Well, sir, they regard these men as bound
together by tenibte oaths to acquit each other, and
do any kind of false swearing for the benefit of each
other."
Then Judge Bussel, of the fourth district,
tells the same story. It is scarcely necessary
to repeat the testimony; but this seems to be
so striking a fact that I think it proper to read
what is said by three or four witn esses. Judge
Russel says:
"My information extends over most of the State,
for I havo taken tho trouble to inform myself in
respect to at least two thirds of the State, wheie
these depredations havo occurred, and, from what
I consider reliable authority, my opinion is very
decided that it is utterly impossible to secure any-
thing like a fair trial 111 any caso whore any person
belongs to any of these secret organizations or clans.
Constitutional UnionGuards, ifee.; utterly impossible
in any suell case to obtain a fair trial on tile part of
the State. In the first place, it is dillicult to pro-
cure a bill of indictment through the grand jury. In
nine cases out of ten tho men who commit thccrimcs
constitute or sit on the grand jury, either they tliom-
selvcsortheir near relatives or friends,sympathizers,
aiders.or abettors; and if a bill is found it is next to
impossible to secure a conviction upon a trial at the
bar. I havo heardof no instanco in North Carolina
whore a conviction of that sort has taken place."
Here is the testimony of a man named Wil-
lifbrd. He was one of the Ku Klux Klan, I
believe, and therefore I read what he says with
some reluctance ; but after detailing certain
outrages oil a United States detective at a dis-
tillery, he was asked, " What was done with
them?" and he answered:
"They were turned over to Judge Thomas, I be-
lieve, and I don't know what ever they did do with
them.
" Question. Did you ever hear that any of them
were convicted?
"Answer. No, sir; never did.
" Question. Have you ever heard of a Ku Klux
being convicted of any offense there?
"Antwer. No, sir.
"Question. Was there anything in the obligation
you took, or tho rules of the order, as to your being
obliged to defend men by your oaths or otherwiso ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; if he could get you in as a wit-
ness you had to swear liiru oul, let you bo swearing
alio or not. If you swore against him, why you
might as well be a traveling at once."
This is one of these men who have taken the
Ku Klux oath, and this is the way he con-
strued it:
"Question. You mean by that youwould be in dan-
ger ot your lite from the order?
"Answe/. Yes, Mr.
"tQu:stLon. Anything about getting on tho jury?
"Answer. Yes, sir; if we could get on tliojury wo
Could save him, do what you please.
"Question. No matter what the proof?
"Anstcer. Yes, sir; you could not bring proof
enough to convict."
Now, sir, here is the testimony of several
of the judges of the highest courts of North
Carolina and the testimony of one of these
conspirators themselves, that it was impossible
to convict them; and I say this day that as
against these roaming bands of Ku Klux the
law in North Carolina is a dead letter. They
may go iti peace and quiet, commit their out-
rages upon the poor, the humble, the feeble
in that State, and need not fear danger, pun-
ishment, or disgrace. That is the condition
of' society there. And, sir, what is that? It
is the Worst form of civil war. What is civil
war ? It is where a party rises in the State
with sufficient power to resist the authorities.
That is the meaning of civil war, aDd I say
that in North Carolina now there is an organ-
ized band, a disguised and confederated band,
with sufficient power to not only disregard the
laws and to commit crime with impunity, but
no one of them can or will be punished.
And, sir, this remark that I havo made in
regard to the condition of affairs in North Car-
olina is true generally in the South. There is
no exception I know of in any one of the
southern States, unless Virginia. The same
testimony in regard to North Carolina is true
in all the other States. I have inquired of
Senators here from the southern States whether
there were any cases in their own States of
convictions. 1 will ask my friend from Ken-
tucky if he has known of a "conviction there?
I will not ask him to answer now if he prefers
to wait. I ask Senators now to remember that
fact, to give us, if they can, any case where any-
body has been tried or convicted for these
unquestioned political murders and outrages.
Mr. COOPER. I will give the honorable
Senator an instance. In the city of Memphis
we convicted three of them and sentenced them
to be hanged.
Mr. SHERMAN. Were they hanged?
Mr. COOPER. They appealed to the Su-
preme Court, and the appeal is not determined
yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whom did they kill?
Mr. COOPER. Some young clerk in the
city.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was acomigoucase
of murder. **
Mr. COOPER. It was by men in disguise ;
the same class of offenses the Senator has been
speaking of.
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Ku Klux ?
Mr. COOPER. I do not know whether
they were Ku Klux or not. They were dis-
guised.
Mr. SHERMAN. Were they Republicans
that were killed ?
Mr. COOPER. I think so. That is my
recollection ; but I am not certain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that was an
ordinary murder.
Mr. COOPER. The men were in disguise ;
that is all L say.
Mr. HILL. As my friend from Ohio asks
a question, I will merely state, in vindication
of the people of the county in which I reside
in Georgia, that about, two years ago a highway
robbery was perpetrated there by white men
on a white Republican. lie was an old man.
They inquired his polities before they robbed
him. He had two dollars in money with him.
That they took, and eventually the parties
were indicted. The ringleader was caught
subsequently, the only one of them that was
caught; but he was the boldest of the three who
were engaged iu this robbery. lie was tried
in the town of Madison, Geotgia, for highway
robbery, convicted, and sent to the penitentiary
for the full term of the law. He avowed him-
self—and that was proved at the time of the
robbery—that he belonged to the Ku Klux.
He was tried by a jury exclusively white, and
be is now serving out his time as a highway
robber and a Ku Klux in the State penitentiary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have called out these
cases to show that the broad statement 1 made is
literally true, because when we come to analyze
the statements made by tho honorable Senator
from Tennessee and the honorable Senator
from Georgia they are cases of ordinary crime ;
they are not the political olfenses of which 1
have spoken; and I repeat now as conclusively
true, and I assert they cannot be gainsaid, and
I ask of my political adversaries to overthrow
them if they can: first, that every man who
has been outraged by these Ku Klux Klans is
a Republican; next, that every man who did
it was a Democrat; and next, that no man has
been convicted for any of this class of offenses.
Mr. COOPER. Will tho honorable Senator
