864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Do you desire
to read it yourself, or shall the Secretary read
it for you ?
Mr. White. I will read it myself.
He then proceeded to read from manuscript
as follows:
To the first interrogatory my answer is as
follows:
My excuse for not answering the several
interrogatories propounded to me by the mem-
bers of the special committee of the Senate,
before which committee I was examined as a
witness on the 15t.hday of May instant, is, that
it would be in violation of my professional
honor. My profession is to collect news in
this city and to transmit it by telegraph to the
journal which I represent. It is the uniform
practice of members of my profession to regard
as confidential the sources of all the news they
receive, and there is always an implied prom-
ise of secrecy whenever information passes
into the hands of a newspaper man. This
pledge of secrecy is considered among my pro-
fessional associates as a client's secrets are to
an attorney, a patient's secrets to a physician,
or those of a dying man to a minister of the"
gospel; and were I, therefore, to violate it by
answering the questions propounded, I firmly
believe that I should render myself infamous
in the eyes of my professional associates.
To the second interrogatory I snake the fol-
lowing answer:
I have already testified before the special
committee of the Senate that I did not receive
what purports to be a copy of the treaty of
Washington from any Senator or officer of the
Senate ; that it was printed on folio pages, a
single column on each page; and that 1 first
saw it at or about ten o'clock on the night of
May 10, instant. I have siuce been informed
that the copy which. I thus described was not a
Senate document, but was one printed by order
of the State Department, of which, I am also
informed, forty or more copies were printed for
the use of the Department and for distribu-
tion. I am now ready to go before the spe-
cial committee of the Senate and to testify
that neither directly nor indirectly did I receive
the copy of what purports to be the treaty
of Washington from any Senator or officer of
the Senate, nor, so far as I know, from any
employ^ thereof.
[The Sergeant at-Arms took the written
answer of Mr. White to the Secretary's desk.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I suppose the witness
will now be sworn to answer the interrogato-
ries propounded to him by the committee, and
which he refused to answer to the committee.
That was a part of the order of the Senate.
[Mr. White, who, at the close of the reading
of his answer, had been requested by the Vice
President to resume his seat, was again brought
forward to the area in front of the Secretary's
desk.]
The VICE PRESIDENT, (to Mr. White.)
Iu accordance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate I now administer an oath to you that you
will true answers make to the questions which
I shall propound. [Administering the oath.]
''You, Z. L. White, do solemnly swear that the
answers you shall make to the questions pro-
pounded to you shall be the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth. So help you
God." The answers that you make will be
reduced to writing by the Secretary. The
first question which, by the reportof the com-
mittee, it appears you decliued to answer was
the following: "Was that copy "—referring
to the alleged copy of the treaty of Washing-
ton which you telegraphed—"furnished in
print or in written manuscript?"
The Witness. I first saw it in print.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second ques-
tion which you declined to answer was the fol-
lowing: "How long had you had in your pos-
session that copy before it was telegraphed?"
The Witness. I telegraphed it immediately
on receiving it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third ques-
tion which you declined to answer was the fol-
lowing: "From whom did you obtain the copy,
or the document from which the copy was
made, which was left in the telegraph office
for transmission to this paper?"
The Witness. That question I respectfully
decline to answer for the reason given in my
answer to the first interrogatory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion whichyou declined to answer was: "Where
did you obtain it?"
The Witness. I obtained it at ten o'clock
or about ten o'clock on the night of May 10.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not when, but " where did you obtain it?"
The Witness. That question I respectfully
decline to answer for the reason stated in my
answer to the first interrogatory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion appears to be a continuation of the pre-
vious question, and is as follows : "And you
refuse to answer from whom, and when, and
where you did obtain it?"
The Witness. I have already answered
when I obtained it. As to the other two
points, I respectfully refuse to answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion you did not positively decline to answer,
and I will read the question and the answer :
"Question. Was the copy that you saw a printed
copy? I do not ask about what you furnished; but
was it a printed or manuscript copy that you saw?
"Answer. I prefer not to answer that."
The Witness. I now say it was a printed
copy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair on
turning over the report of the witness's testi-
mony before the committee ascertains that sub-
sequently the witness did answer before the
committee that it was in print. [To the wit-
ness.] The next question which you declined
to answer before the committee was, " Did you
pay anything, and, if so, how much, for that
cony which you obtained?"
'l'he Witness. That question, for the reason
stated in my answer to the first interrogatory,
I respectfully decline to answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion referring to this copy is, "What did you
do with it?" You answered to the commit-
tee, "I respectfully refuse to answer that ques-
tion.",
The Witness. I give the same answer here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion was, " When did you last see it?"
The Witness. I give the same answer that
I have previously given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion was, " Where did you last see it?"
The Witness. I respectfully decline to
answer the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Referring to the
time when you obtained this alleged copy of
the treaty the question was asked, " Who else
was there besides you?" and you respectfully
declined to answer it.
The- Witness. I respectfully decline to
answer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Another declin-
ation of an answer was-made with a qualifi-
cation, and the Chair will read the question
and the answer :
" Question. Was Mr. Flagg, one of the clerks of the
Senate, in that room between, ten and one o'clock
that night ?
"Answer. I respectfully refuse to answer that. I
believe I have testified that no officer of the Senate
furnished the treaty to me."
Mr. CARPENTER. That question he did
fully answer subsequently. Mr. Flagg was not
there, and he did not see him that night.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on
looking further at the testimony, sees that it
was subsequently answered, that he was not
present that night at all. [To the witness.]
The next question which you declined to an-
swer was, "And you refuse to tell who was in
the room that night?"
The Witness. I still decline to answer that
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After consulta-
tion by the committee you were recalled, and
after some remarks by the chairman this ques-
tion was propounded to you, which you declined
to answer:
" Question. From whom did you obtain the printed
copy of what purports to be the treaty spoken of by
you, which you transmitted to the New York Trib-
une, and which you have stated you received and
transmitted at or about ten o'clock p. m. of Wednes-
day, May 10,1871?"
The Witness. _ I respectfully decline to
answer that question, for the reason given in
my answer to the first interrogatory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To explain to
you the next question which you declined to
answer the Chair must read to you the question
which precedes it and your answer:
" By the Chairman:
" Question. The question is whether your profes-
sional honor, as you call it, would attach to illicit
news for which you had paid money; would you, in
such a case, feel bound not to answer a question
which called for the source on the ground of profes-
sional honor?
"Answer. Thatwould dependon the understanding
between the person trom whom I received it and
myself."
The next question which you declined to
answer was, "Was there any understanding
upon that subject in this instance?"
The Witness. I decline to answer that ques-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
now read to you all the questions which you
declined to answer before the committee.
[The witness resumed the seat provided for
him without the bar, near the main door of the
Senate Chamber.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I offer the following
resolution, and ask its present consideration:
Whereas Z. L. White, appearing at the bar of the
Senate in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms pur-
suant to the resolution of the Senate of the loth of
May instant, was required, by order of the Senate
then made, to answer the following interrogatories:
" First. What excuse have you for not answering
tho several interrogatories propounded to you by
members of the special committee of the Senate,
before which committee you were examined as a
witness on tho 15th day of May instant V
"Second. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee and answer all proper questions which
may be put to you by said committee touching the
disclosure, directly or indirectly, through any mem-
ber of the Senate or any officer or employ^ thereof,
of what purports to beacopy of the treaty of Wash-
ington now pending before the Senate in executive
session?"
And whereas said White was authorized by erdor
of the Senate, on the 17th day of May instant, to
answer said interrogatories in writing this day; and
whereas the said White has delivered his answer in
writing to said interrogatories, but shows no valid
excuse for not answering the questions put to him
by said special committee, and has not answered
that he is ready to appear before said committee to
answer all proper questions touching the disclosure
mentioned in said second interrogatory; and whereas
the said witness was also required by order of the
Senate then made to answer certain questions which
had been put to him by said committee and which
he bad refused to answer, as shown by the report of
the committee, and has refused at the bar of the
Senate to answer a portion ot said questions which
had been pat to him by said committee: and whereas
the said Z. L. White has not purged himself of tho
contempt wherewith he stands charged: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the said Z. L. White be com-
mitted by the Sergeant-at-Arms to the common jail
of the Territory of Columbia, to be there kept in
close custody until he shall signify his willingness
to answer the questions propounded to him by the
Senate and appear before said committee and answer
such proper questions as may be propounded to him
by said committee; and for the commitment and
detention of tho said Z. L.White this resolution shall
be a sufficien t warrant.
Resolved, That whenever the officer having said
Z. L. White iu custody shall be informed by said
White that he is ready and willing to answer as
aforesaid, it shall be the duty of such ofticer to
deliver the said Z. L. White over to the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate, whose duty it shall be again
to bring him before said committee; and if he shall
duly answer all proper questions put to him by the
said committee, said committee shall cause him to
be discharged from custody; and said committee skill
be continued during the recess following the present
session, and are hereby authorized to sit during said
recess, with all the powers conferred by the original
resolution of the Senate under which said committee
was appointed.
Mr. MORTON. In order to take the sense
of the Senate without debate and avoid the
consumption of time, I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table.
