1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
nect itself somewhat witli political topics. My
own conviction is that, but for the political
organization to which 1 belong and the power
it holds by virtue of the popular will, the
negroes in the South would soon be reduced
to very much the condition they were in before
the ivar and no loyal man could live in safety
in the South. I am willing to hear this subject
discussed and to fairly consider any proposition
the Judiciary Committee can make, and I will
not prejudge their conclusions in advance.
But 1 say this Senate ought not. to adjourn
without recording its conclusion upon the tes-
timony now laid upon ourtables. There it is.
More testimony may be required for a broader
view; and yet, while this testimony is here we
ought not to separate until we have done what
we can to put down the violence thus disclosed.
In the name of civilization, outraged by these
crimes; in thenameof republican government,
disgraced by them ; in the name of four mil-
lions ot'negroes emancipated by your laws; in
the name of all the soldiers, living or dead,
who fought to preserve your country, I invoke
the full exercise of all powers of the Govern-
ment to punish these atrocities, to restore to
their old prestige and power the laws of the
land and the courts of justice, and to secure
to all our citizens, white or black, wherever
they maybe, the protection of life and property.
Jlr. STEVENSON obtained the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I ask my
friend from Kentucky to yield me the floor
that I may make a suggestion. I suggest that
we take a vq,te on the resolution offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island withoutany further
debate, and then on the resolution of my col-
league the debate can be continued.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passago of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to offer
this as an amendment; it carries out the same
purpose.
Mr. BLAIE. I should like to have the res-
olution reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution will be reported with the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the pres-
ent session no other legislative business than the
deficiency bill, theconcurrent resolution for a .ioint
committee to investigate into the condition of the
States lately in insurrection, and the resolution now
pending instructing the Committee on the J udiciary
to report a bill or bills that will enable the President
and the courts of the United States to execute the
taws in said States.
The amendment is to add :
And the report that may be made by the Judi-
ciary Committee on that subject..
Mr. THI7RMAN. That amendment con-
templates that the Judiciary Committee is to
go at this work and make a report at this ses-
sion. In other words, it requires the Judi-
ciary Committee within the fewest possible
days, if we are to adjourn in any reasonable
time, to consider perhaps the gravest questions
of constitutional law that could come before
that committee.
I hope that amendment will not be adopted.
I am perfectly willing to vote for the resolution
without that amendment, and without one word
of debate upon it, and then let the debate pro-
ceed upon the resolution offered by my col-
league; but I am not willing that we shall
impliedly require of the Judiciary Committee
to make a report that no lawyer, 1 am quite
sure, is willing to take the responsibility of
making in the time that this session ought to
last.
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot vote for the resolu-
tion, with or without the amendment. I had
hoped the Senate would give its attention to
the measures that came over from the House of
Representatives, to repeal the duty oil salt and
to repeal the duty on coal, and attempt to do
something for the country, instead of the worse
than useless legislation they have been forcing
on the country for so many years. I had hoped
42d Cong. IstSess.—No. 11.
that now we should have an opportunity and
the power, as was displayed in the Senate the
other night, to pass those two bills of great
importance to the country, and that we would
not exclude them from our consideration at
this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am opposed to the
passage of this resolution 
Mr. SUMNER. Which resolution do you
mean ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution that is
pending prohibiting the doing of any business
except considering a particular subject. The
amendment which has been proposed, I sup-
pose this morning, I was not aware of. The
resolution has assumed a little different shape
from the form in which it was offered yester-
day. I was not aware that any such amend-
ment was in contemplation. I am opposed
to the resolution, Mr. President, upon two
grounds. In the first place, I am opposed to
it as an improper resolution to pass and as
disrespectful to the House of Representatives.
I do not know what authority one branch of
Congress has to say that it will consider no
subject which comes from the other branch.
Certainly the House of Representatives has
the same authority in this respect as the Sen-
ate ; and I would ask Senators to look and see
what would be our condition if the House of
Representatives to-morrow were to pass a reso-
lution that they would consider no subject
except the bill repealing the duty on salt; that
they would refuse to adjourn ; would lay the
resolution of the Senate proposing that Con-
gress should adjourn upon their table, and pass
a resolution that they would attend to no busi-
ness whatever except that one bill which it
suited the convenience of that body to attend
to, that being the repeal of the duty upon salt.
In what condition would the Senate find itself?
That we must act upon that subject and none
other. Here is the House of Representatives,
a coordinate branch of the legislative depart-
ment, which has sent us several bills; it may
send us others; and I insist that it is disre-
spectful to the House to pass a resolution of
this character, that no business shall be con-
sidered during this session except a particular
measure.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose the House of
Representatives, instead of passing such a res-
olution to-day, would consider no other subject
than the repeal of duties on salt and coal, and
should simply lay on the table all our bills on
every other subject ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They could do so, and
that would not be as offensive to the Senate as
it would be to pass a resolution declaring in
advance that they would not act upon any
measure that we had considered. Now, sir,
if we were ahout adjourning, if the day for the
final adjournment had been fixed, some one,
two, or three days ahead, I can conceive of
the propriety of the Senate under such cir-
cumstaaces (considering that it had a large
number of bills upon its Calendar, more than
could be disposed of in the intervening time)
determining to which measures it would give
precedence, which it would consider; I sh#uld
have no objection to that now; I think it might
be proper on the part of the majority of the
Senate to determine which measures it would
take up ; but to adopt an arbitrary rule that
no business shall be considered in this body
coming from the House of Representatives, a
coordinate branch of the legislative depart-
ment, I insist is an improper resolution to be
adopted, when we are sitting here indefinitely,
laying upon the table the resolutions of the
House of Representatives to adjourn as fast as
they are sent to us, and they have sent two or
three. In my judgment, we had better have
considered those resolutions, and have agreed
to them ; but if a majority think otherwise,
and will not consider or agree to them, then I
insist that the Senate has no right to say it will
consider only a particular subject.
There is another reason. We are here as
the representatives of States: we are sent here
by the different States of the Union to perform
legislative duties; and shall a majority in this
body say that we shall not discharge those
duties? Is the Senator from Maine to be told
that a matter in which his constituency are
concerned, and which he is specially charged
with having brought to the attention of the Con-
gress of the United States, shall not be intro-
duced by him ; that no subject shall be consid-
ered except a certain one? Sir, I am unwilling
to be put in such a position as that. This is
not simply a resolution giving precedence to a
particular subject, but it is excluding every-
thing else.
Then, sir, because the resolution is wrong in
principle, disrespectful to the House of Repre-
sentatives, imposing an improper restriction
upon the members of this body, I am opposed
to it. It may be said, perhaps, that a similar
resolution has been adopted at a former session
of Congress ; that we once adopted a resolu-
tion that we should consider no business of a
legislative character except on a specific sub-
ject. Such a thing may have been done ; but
if it was, I apprehend it was in view of an
early adjournment, and not when, a3 now, the
Senate had resolved by repeated votes that it
would not consider the resolutions from the
House of Representatives fixing a time of
adjournment. They have sent us more than
one resolution on that subject, and the Senate
has refused to consider them, except by laying
them on the table.
Then, sir, I am opposed to it for another
reason. I believe it impolitic. If this Con-
gress is to remain here, I want to do some-
thing for the people of this country by way of
relieving them of the burdens of taxation. We
are anew, enterprising, and improving people,
and we can endure a greater amount of taxa-
tion, perhaps, than any other civilized people
in the world. We are a patriotic people, and
we submitted during the war to the heaviest
exactions for the purpose of maintaining the
integrity of the Union and putting down the
rebellion. But, sir, now that the war is over,
now when peace has come, when the neces-
sity for the burdens that were put upon the
people has passed away, it becomes the duty
of the Congress of the United States to intro-
duce economy into the public service. Reform
is what the people demand now in expendi-
tures, in the civil service, and in the revenue
department.
Why, sir, a report made to the Governor of
the State of New York by Mr. Wells and his
associates, (a commission appointed to look
into the subject of taxation, headed by a gen-
tleman who formerly was the Special Revenue
Commissioner of the United States, and I ven-
ture to say a gentleman possessed of more
knowledge, more information on this subject
of taxation than any other public man in the
country,) discloses the astounding fact that in
these United States, without the expense of
aristocratic establishments, with no nobility to
support, no kingly authority, with no standing
armies to maintain; in this country, repub-
lican, simple, intended to be economical, and
one of the advantages which recommends it
being that it can be more economically admin-
istered than an aristocratic and kingly Govern-
ment ; here, where the expenses should be less
than in any other civilized country on the face
of the globe, the tax per capita in some of
the States of this Union is higher than in any
other country in the civilized world. We are
paying taxes more enormous than any other
people on the face of the earth that has a civ-
ilized Government.
Why. sir, during the last fiscal year, in a
time of peace, our entire revenue amounted in
round numbers to $411,000,000, nearly all ol
