868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
the Senators and find outwhoit is that reports
debates in executive session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I have been a partial participant in this pro-
ceeding—-
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my friend from
Kentucky allow me to make a remark?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I yield for the
special occasion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am much obliged to
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. President, it is said that "an honest
confession is good for the soul," and I am
rather disposed to believe it. I have always
suspected my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] of being one of the
leaky individuals, but 1 never knew it until he
made this confession now. [Laughter.] I am
sure he must feel better after having made the
confession, and I hope the rest will get up and
confess; but I protest against his confessing
my sins. I have never constituted him my
confessor. I want each man to confess for
himself; and I am very glad that the Senator
from Massachusetts has made a clean breast
of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I have myself participated in this investigation
in the best faith for the vindication of the
rights and the power of the Senate. The Sen-
ate lias adopted a rule that its proceedings in
relation to treaties shall be secret, and it is
for a violation of that secrecy, the secrecy
enjoined by the Senate, that this investigation
has been gotten up.
Now, Mr. President, if when the first reso-
lution had been presented to the Senate it had
been known to every Senator, or it had been
known to me, that the manner in which this
treaty came before the public was by a copy
that had originated in the executive depart-
ment, and that it was the secrecy of the exec-
utive department and not of the Senate that
had been violated, I would have been opposed
to the whole investigation. Why? We are to
maintain and defend the secrecy of the Senate
and not of the executive department. It is no
part of our business or duty to maintain or to
vindicate the secrecy of the executive depart-
ment, or to punish a violation of that secrecy.
Our duty and our business is confined to the
protection of the secrecy of our own body and
to the punishment of aviolation of the secrecy
of our own body.
Nor, Mr. President, is it. a general or a spe-
cial violation of the secrecy of the Senate
which we are now engaged in investigating,
and which we are charged with the duty of
punishing if we can trace it to its source. It is
a single isolated case of a violation of secrecy
of the Senate that we are investigating. Tfiat
is the case before the body, and it is not a gen-
eral or a promiscuous or a frequent violation
of the secrecy of the Senate by its members
or by its employ6s that we are now engaged in
investigating at all.
But, Mr. President, after the evidence tliatwc
have heard, who can doubt that the copy from
which the newspaper correspondent furnished
the Tribune with what purported to be the
contents of this treaty originated in the exec-
mi ve department and not in the Senate ? What
is the evidence? What is the plain statement
of the witness? The witness says plainly and ex-
plicitly that the copy which he copied from was a
lolio and was not an octavo copy at all. Here is
a copy of the treaty, [exhibiting a printed docu-
ment.] This is in octavo form. This is the
copy that was printed under the authority and
by the direction of the Senate. The copy from
which the witness copied was a folio copy, as
he distinctly states ; and I have it from Sen-
ators to whom the folio copy that was made by
the authority of the State Department was fur-
nished that the copy printed by the order of
the State Department was in folio form and
was not in octavo form at all. That brings
the Senate unquestionably to this fact: that
the copy from which the treaty was made pub-
lic was not the copy that was authorized by the
Senate at all, but was the copy that was author-
ized and that was printed under the direction
of the State Department. What confidence,
then, was it that has been violated? It was not
the confidence of the Senate. That had directed
and authorized the printing of this octavo copy.
It was the confidence of the State Department.
Are we the keepers of the confidence of the
State Department? Is it the business, is it
the duty, is it within the power of the Senate
to vindicate the confidence of the State Depart-
ment and to punish a violation of that confi-
dence? I say it is not.
The evidence that appears before the Senate
is that the State Department furnished certain
Senators with copies of the treaty as it was
printed by the authority of that Department.
A Senator who received a copy from the State
Department may have furnished the witness
with the copy and from that copy he may have
communicated the contents of the paper to
the Tribune newspaper. Thjit that was the
state of fact I am reasonably satisfied. If so,
and the Senate is satisfied upon that general
fact, in my judgment this investigation ought
to cease in its further prosecution, because it
is demonstrated by these facts that it is not
the Senate's secrecy that has been violated,
that it is the secrecy of the State Department
that has been violated, and therefore that the
Senate has no further cognizance and juris-
diction over the subject whatever.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose some Senator,
after we met, gave out this copy. It would
not make much difference what copy he gave
out. Suppose he gave out a copy printed by
the State Department or a copy printed by the
Senate. WThat difference does that make?
That is the point.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. That is the very
point I am coming to. If a Senator gave out
a copy of the treaty as it was made and printed
by the order of the Senate, it was a violation
of the confidcnce and of the secrecy of the
Senate, because there was a positive and direct
confidence subsisting between the Senate, the
body to which he belonged, that had auihor-
ized a copy of this treaty to be made, and him-
self by his having received a copy made by
order of the Senate and having giving out the
copy for the purpose of being made public.
But how was it with the copy that any Senator
may have received from the State Department?
Entirely different. There may have been con-
fidence between the State Departmentand that
Senator. There was no confidence between the
Senate and that Senator in relation to the copy
of the treaty that he had received from the State
Department. He was under no obligation to
the Senate in relation to the copy of the treaty
he had received from the State Department.
Suppose he had received a copy from the State
Department hours before the Senate copies
had been distributed among the Senators, and
immediately upon the receipt of the copy from
the State Department he had placed it in the
hands of this correspondent, or any other,
would that have involved any violation of the
secrecy of the Senate; any violation of the
obligation of the Senator to the Senate? Not
at all.
Mr. CGNKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question at that point ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING-. I always listen to any
•statement that the Senator makes on a ques-
tion of law or a question of right or wrong with
great respect, and I beg to make this inquiry
of him : suppose a copy of the treaty were
delivered to a Senator before the Senate met,
as he has put it. After the Senate met, how-
ever, twelve hours after it met, after the treaty
had been not only received by the Senate, bat
ordered to be printed by the Senate, suppose
a Senator had delivered this antecedently re-
ceived copy which should turn out to have been
printed by the same hands, and even from the
same type, with one or two typographical cor-
rections, only upon different paper, would not
that be a violation of his duty? Or, to trans-
pose my question, it the Senator will allow me :
the treaty havingbeen transmitted to the Senate,
suppose a Senator had taken his copy and made
from it a manuscript copy, or without having
a copy made at ail had read it aloud in the
hearing of a stenographer, who should indite
its contents, in all these cases would not the
betrayal have been of the essential thing, to
wit, the tenor and effect and essence of the
document, albeit the particular piece of paper
might never have passed from his hands; and
therefore is not the true question as to the Sen-
ate whether, after this document, the treaty,
not the paper in the topical sense, came here
and was in our custody, any person of whose
acts we are bound to take cognizance divulged
or betrayed or published that document? Is
not that the question? And if it is, how does
it matter whether it came by a printed copy
made before or a manuscript copy made after-
ward, or no copy made at all, but simply by
reading aloud the contents of the paper ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I do not think
the confidence in the two cases identical at all.
I have two friends. One of them places a
printed or written document in my hand, and
the other one also places a written or printed
document in my hand, and I hand out the
printed document which the first placed in my
hand to another person, i say it is no viola-
tion of confidence reposed in me by the man
who gives me the second document that I hand
out the first document to another person with-
out any disclosure whatever of the second
document. That is my judgment in relation
to the matter. I concede that if this treaty
was made public in the one form or the other it
necessarily involved a violation of confidence;
but if the executive department, in the exer-
cise of its discretion and iis power, chose to
make copies and to give a copy of us edition,
of its version, to Senators, and a Senator who
received such a copy should hand it to a letter-
writer or an editor of a newspaper, I maintain
that it is no violation whatever of the confi-
dence that was afterward created and that
subsisted between the Senate itself and that
Senator. I will read the rule that gives us the
power under which we are acting:
"All confidential communications made by tbo
President of the United States to the Senate shall
be. by the Senators and officers of tile Senate, kept
seorct; and all treaties which may be laid bcluro the
Senate, and all remarks and proceedings thereon,
shall also be kept secret until the Senate shall by
their resolution take off the injunction of secrecy."
This was a confidential communication made
from the executive department, not to the Sen-
ate, but to a Senator. There was no official
confidence between the party who gave a copy
of the treaty made by the order of the State
Department to a Senator and that Senator.
The only confidence that was created, or that
subsisted between the party who gave him the
copy and the Senator was personal, individual,
honorary. There was no official confidence at
all; there was no official obligation of secrecy.
Heie is the plain provision of the rule:
"All confidential communications mado by the
President of the United States to the Senate shall
be, by the Senators and officers of the Senate, kept
secret; and all treaties which may be laid before the
Senate, and all remarks and proceedings thereon,
shall also bo kept secret until the Senate shall by
their resolution take off the injunction of secrecy.''
It seems to me that the two committals of
copies of this treaty to the Senators who re-
ceived two copies were separate and distinct
committals ; that the obligation of secrecy
which attached to them was not one and iden-
tical. In the one case the obligation was
purely private, individual, personal, honorary.
It might be as morally base to betray that as
