1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
been made in secret session upon treaties, be-
cause there was no rule to prohibit it. And
Senators will probably recollect that when the
question about the secrecy required by the
present rule was mooted in the Senate in
March, 1869, as late as that Mr. Fessenden,
of Maine, said, "I will tell how I voted on
this question." That was because he had the
old rule in his mind; but when his attention
was called to the new rule he at once said,
"Certainly, I shall do no such thing." Up
to 18G8 there was no rule of this body that
prohibited the disclosure of the remarks of
any Senator upon a treaty.
Then, what was the other rule as to secrecy ?
It was the thirty-ninth rule :
"All information or remarks touching or concern-
ing the character or qualifications of any person
nominated by the President for office shall be kept
sccrct."
There was the whole length and breadth of
your rule of secrecy before 1868. You could
not communicate a treaty, you could not com-
municate a communication made by the Presi-
dent, and you could not communicate remarks
touching the qualifications or character of a
nominee for office; but with these limitations
upon your right you had a righ.t to speak of
anything that occurred in secret session. That
being the case, it is easy enough to understand
how, for the first thirteen years of the service
of my friend, the Senator from Massachusetts,
the debates of the Senate in secret session got
out. But now the rule is entirely different.
The rule that now obtains in the Senate,
adopted March 25, 1868, reads in this way:
"30. Al! confidential communications made by the
President of the United States to the Senate shall be,
by the Senators and the officers of the Senate, kept
t-eciet; and all treaties which may be laid before tho
Senate, and all remarks and proceedings thereon,
.shall also be kept secret until the Senate shall by
their resolution take off the injunction of secrecy."
That prevents you from telling what is said
on any treaty, and that prevents you also from
telling what was done upon any treaty until the
injunction of secrecy is removed. You cannot
tell how the vote was upon any treaty; you
have no right to tell how you voted yourself
upon any treaty, and, of course, not how any
other person voted, for the vote is the most
important proceeding on a treaty. You have
no right to say anything at all about it. In a
word, your mouth is sealed in respect to the
consideration of a treaty until the Senate sees
fit to take the seal off. That is the present
rule.
The fortieth rule is the rule in regard to
nominations:
"40. All information or remarks concerning the
character or qualifications of any person nominated
by the President to office shall be kept secret "—
That is exactly the same as the old rule in
regald to that—
" but tho fact that a nomination has been made shall
not bo regarded as a secret."
One of the Senators referred to the fact that
nominations were known even before they
reached the Senate. There is no law that
makes them secret; there is nothing to pre-
vent the President from giving a list of them
to anybody he pleases. There is nothing which
prohibits a Senator from saying that such or
such a nomination has been made. That is
expressly reserved.
Mr. MORTON. Nominations are given
from the executive department to the public
its soon as they are made.
Air. T R UliM AN. Certainly, they are given
to the press, and there is no injunction of
secrecy m respect to a nomination at all. It
would be of the very worst public policy that
there should be. It ought to be known that
a nomination is made, so that the public,
knowing that nomination, may inform Sena-
tors in respect to the qualifications or character
of the nominee. Public policy requires that
nominations should be known, and hence the
Senate has wisely excepted the factof a nom-
ination from the general rule imposing secrecy
on the Senate. Remarks that are made on
the subject of the qualifications or character
of a man nominated cannot be revealed ; but
that does not extend to revealing the fact that
the Senate had such a nomination under con-
sideration. It is no breach of privilege for
any Senator or any officer of the Senate to tell
anybody that the Senate to-day was consider-
ing the nomination of A. B. for office, pro-
vided he does not tell what was said, provided
he does not state what was done, provided he
says nothing of the remarks that were made
touching the qualifications or character of the
nominee. He may tell that the Senate had
under consideration this nomination, or that
nomination, or the other nomination, but he
cannot tell what was said in respect to the
character or qualifications of the nominee.
It is from not looking into these rules and
seeing precisely what they enjoin aud what
they forbid that many persons are led into the
supposition that Senators, in slang language,
are "leaky," when in point of truth they are
violating no rule of the Senate at all.
Mr. President, there is one other thing that
has been said upon which I wish to make a
remark, although it is almost a repetition of
what I said yesterday. It is said that, there is
no moral obligation resting upon anybody to
keep a treaty secret apart from the legal obli-
gation that rests on the Senate and its officers.
I said yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that I
do not subscribe to that doctrine. If it is
right in the Constitution to give us the power
to consider a treaty in secret, and if it is our
duty, in our judgment, to so consider it, I do
say that every law-abiding man is under a
moral obligation to let that provision of the
Constitution and the judgment of the Senate
have effect.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him there?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any provision of
the Constitution with reference to secrecy ?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will not
deny that the clause of the Constitution giving
us power to make rules and regulations 
Mr. SUMNER. That is clear, but 
Mr. THURMAN. And the Senator has for-
gotten, too, the clause read yesterday by the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr, Carpenter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. That each House shall
keep a journal of its proceedings, except such
matters as in its judgment ought to be kept
secret.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. That is an express recog-
nition of our right, and certainly no one will
deny it.
Mr. CARPENTER. And of our duty, I
submit, as t,o any matter that we think ought
to be kept secret.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly it is, and it is
the duly of every good citizen to obey our
judgment in that respect as much as it is his
duty to obey the law of the land which we
pass; and if there is a moral duty to obey a
law there is a moral duty to obey the injunc-
tion of secrecy which we impose. I have no
sympathy, therefore, with anybody who by sur-
reptitious means procures a treaty that is being
considered in secret by the Senate. I think
it sets a bad example, and no consideration
whatsoever of his power or his influence in the
country can compel me to say that his act is
right; and yet it is true, as I said yesterday,
that if there ever was a case in which the act
was venial, this is that case. If this injunc-
tion rested upon these men not to obtain this
treaty, it rested equally upon the Secretary of
State; and he ought not, until he knew whether
the Senate wished to consider this treaty in
secrecy, to have published an official or a
semi-official synopsis of it; and if, therefore,
iheyhave been guilty of an offense against
good morals in this case, the Secretary ot
State is equally guilty with them.
Now, sir, I do not say that in this case tins
was not a venial offense on all sides; and yet
I do think it would have been much more
proper for the Secretary of State to have with-
held his official or semi-official synopsis of the
document until he saw what was the judgment
of the Senate, who were to considerit, and upon
whom rested the duty of determining whether
it should be secret or whether it should be
public. I think he should have waited until we
determined that question, without attempting
to forestall us and giving the treaty in substance
to the public. After he has done it; after the
head of the Department of State has done it,
and it must be presumed with the approbation
of the President of the United States, for cer-
tainly no Secretary would dare to take so im-
portanta step without the authority of the Pres-
ident, after the executive department has thus
published the whole substance of this treaty in
a semi-official organ of the Administration in
the city of Washington, and given it to the
press, I do say that the idea of moral offense
on the part of these gentlemen of the press
does fade into exceedingly thin air.
Sir, once more reminding the Senate that
every step in this case is to be decided by the
circumstances at the time; that we are not, as
a matter of course, because we have a con-
tumacious witness, to proceed against him to
the extremity of the law, but we are to determ-
ine at each step that is proposed whether we
will take that step; I do say that under the
circumstances I have detailed to the Senate
it does seem to me that neither our honor, nor
our dignity, nor public justice, nor the public
interests require that we should inflict upon
these men an indefinite imprisonment.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] proposes virtually to deprive the
committee of the power of pursuing this in-
vestigation after the close of the session I will
say a few words, and they shall be very few,
upon the real question which is involved in
that motion.
The circumstances snrrounding the case, to
which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thormajt]
has adverted, are too apt to create the impres-
sion upon the mind here, and will perhaps be
too apt to create the impression upon the pub-
lic mind, that these proceedings are for the
purpose of punishing these witnesses, not for
contempt, but for the publication of this treaty.
It has already been said in the Senate, and it
cannot be too strongly impressed upon the
public mind, that this proceeding is not for the
purpose of punishing anybody for the publica-
tion of this treaty, if that be au offense it is
one for which we have provided no punishment
so far as these witnesses are concerned, and it
is out of the power of the Senate to punish
these witnesses for the publication of that
treaty. That alone ought to disabuse every
man's mind of the idea that punishment for
the publication of the treaty has anything to
do with these proceedings. Although the Con-
stitution does authorize the Senate to declare
what part of its proceedings shall be kept
secret, Congress has never seen proper, in the
exercise of its discretion, to provide any legal
penalty upon any one not connected with the
Senate for the violation of that rule. We have
no authority over anybody else. So that the
question is not, was it a venial offense, or was
it a highly criminal offense, in these witnesses
to publish the treaty ? If that were the only
question here I suppose we should not have
delayed for a moment the more important
business of this session and taken uf) so much
time in the consideration of the question which
is before us. I will not state it as a fact, but 1
certainly do state it as an opinion, and one
which I think will find no dissent in this body,
that the surreptitious publication of this treaty
is the only reason why the whole treaty and
the protocols have not long since been given
to the country by the authority of the Senate.
Now, sir, what is the real offense? The
real offense is the refusal of these witnesses to
testify before a committee of the body raised
