166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
have no doubt it is true, that the Postmaster
General is thoroughly convinced, upon suffi-
cient testimony, that there is a purpose to kill
this man.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word in justification of the
Postmaster General in this regard ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. As Senators all know, the
route agent, a colored man, was protected by
a squad of soldiers during several days. Not
having military force enough, that thing could
not be kept up for a long time, and tbe Post-
master General was then informed, by a dis-
patch from that region of country, that not
only would the life of this route agent be taken,
but the lives of the small squad of soldiers, if
they persisted in guarding him; and then it
was, after that information thus received from
Kentucky, that he withdrew the route agent
and ordered the mail off.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague will allow
me to interrupt him one moment 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would rather not.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would ask the Sena-
tor 
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not be
interrupted; I did not interrupt, the Senator.
1 wish to reply to my friend from Kentucky.
The only allusion I made to the State of Ken-
tucky was in response to a suggestion from the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Lewis,] that all
the insurrectionary States were not embraced
in the Ku Klux organization. I at once replied
that might be true as to Virginia, but that
Kentucky, which was not an insurrectionary
State, was embraced in the organization j and
to prove that fact I furnished you the charge
of a judge, Judge Piyor, spoken of by the
Senator from Kentucky as one of the most
eminent, men in the State, and that charge
contains all the material allegations that are
necessary to make out this resolution, except-
ing only that Judge Pryor was of opinion that
it was not a political organization ; but the
evidence we have before us as to the organ-
ization in North Carolina, the oath, and the
whole circumstances, show that notwithstand-
ing the opinion of Judge Pryor it is a political
organization, and is fairly deserving of all the
denunciation made by him.
More than that,, 1 read from a Democratic
paper ot high character ; and now we have the
indorsement, ot the Senator from Kentucky of
that, extract read from the Louisville Courier-
Journal. Although I had known as a matter
of current history that the Governor of the
State of Kentucky had with great promptness
and great fidelity tailed the attention of tbe
Legislature to these outrages and asked for
additional power to put them down, yet, not
having the message of the Governor before
me, I did not feel at liberty to introduce his
testimony to show the state of facts that I
alleged existed in Kentucky. Now, that gen-
tleman, instead of being Governor of Ken-
tucky, is here as a Senator, but I have in my
hand his message. This, I believe, is the
annual message of the Governor of Kentucky,
and alter this annual message a special mes-
sage was sent in, I am told, setting out more
m detail, and perhaps with more clearness and
precision 
Mr. SIEVENSON. The Senator will allow
me to say that the annual message is the onlv
message m which I spoke of the outrages. I
sent in a special message, which I have"before
me, and which he can read. As soon as I
beard of this mail outrage on the 20th of Jan-
uary, as soon as I received a statement of it, I
sent in a special message reprobating it in the
Strongest terms, and admitting that the Fed-
eral Government had a right to employ either
a colored or a white agent within the sphere
of its duty, and that everybody should stand
by it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will pass by that. I
want to show now by the testimony of the
Senator from Kentucky when Governor of
that State that tbe substantial allegation that
I made in regard to these disguised outlaws
roaming over the State of Kentucky, commit-
ting crime and violence, is true, as stated by
the Governor of Kentucky to the Legislature
of that State in his annual message. I will
ask the Secretary to read the two extracts
which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" During and immediately following tbe war Ken-
tucky, from its geographical position as a border
State, was subjected to a more severe ordeal from
this cause than her neighbors, and accordingly, dur-
ing the first years of my administration, lawlessness
in some portions of the Commonwealth manifested
itself in formidable organization, which defied the
local authority, and perpetrated deeds of open vio-
lence under the pretext of regulating order andpun-
ishing crime. By the use of the ruiHtia at my com-
mand, and the exhibition of my firm purpose to
suppress such practices at all hazards, tranquillity
was restored, and there has not been for some time
m the localities which had suffered from such law-
lessness any demonstrations having the semblance
of organized resistance of the law. Still, in various
portionsof the State,there havebeen committed by
lawless persons, acting in bodies generally under
cover of night, and sometimes in disguise, acts of
violence upon individuals, either wholly innocent
of offense or only subjects of criminal prosecution
through the courts, most of which class of violators
of the law have escaped detection and punishment."
Mr. SHERMAN. There is, in proper lan-
guage, a denunciation of these outrages of
which I most heartily approve. I do not think
I have said anything much stronger than the
Governor of Kentucky, now our honored col-
league here, says. He says they were armed
and organized, sometimes in disguise, commit-
ting offenses that could not be punished; that
they moved in bodies at night. If that is not
the Ku Klux Klan, what in the name of the
devil in hell is it? Here is a description of
the Ku Klux Klan organization; and the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky, although he does not call
it by that name, because they deny that they
are Ku Klux, describes the organization, and
these men belonged to it. Now, let me say
in all kindness to my honorable friend from
Kentucky that all I ask, all I demand is that
Congress shall exercise the same power and
vigilance and authority and law for putting
them down that he invokes of the Legislature
of Kentucky.
The G overnor of Kentucky goes on and
points out tbe defects in the militia law ; he
calls for a military force ; he calls for the
organization of the militia, for now power
on the part of the Governor, for additional
authority in him to put down these outrages ;
and he says he will do it. He speaks in every
respect like a man and a patriot. Now, I will
ask that the next clause that I marked be read
from tbe message.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"The other agency at my command, in the sup-
pression of violence or in the execution of the law.
is through themilitia of the State. In its use I ara
.however, quite as much restricted as in the matter
Of proclamations. My authority extends no further
than to order out the militia of a county, upon the
application of the local authority setting forth the
necessity of their use in support of the civil power
or in case of imminent danger of not. The same
authority is vested in the judges of the various
courts and tbe sheriffs and mayors of cities. Upon
several occasions, when applied to. I have ordered
out the local nnlitia.butwithoutauthority.in ordin-
ary cases, to act, except in response to this call of
the local oiheers chaiged with the execution of the
laws. Little good has resulted in tnese latter eases
the moral effect of such demonstrations."
VV hat is the most efficient remedy for the sup-
pression of these growing evils resis exclusively with
you. Whether in the establishment of a well-organ-
ized police system, under an efficient head, or in
some other way, must be determined by the law-
making power. lam quite sure that no measure can
be completely successful without conferring upon
Sj 'e°utive additional discretionary power, in any
requfrneseu.erSeaCy' l° a0t ^herS th® Pab:li<! secu«ty
" Militia.—In this connection I desire to repeat
(?iTn=U?sestioms as set forth in previous communica-
tions, ot the absolute necessity of a thorough reor-
fheSegment M an™P°"^tadjunct in
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator,
finding that tne laws are ineffective, that these
organizations are superior to the laws of towns
and the organization ot the militia, asks for
new military power, authority to call out the
militia, and power to use them. I did not
venture to go so far as my honorable friend
from Kentucky. 1 did not venture to point out
to the Senate the remedy. All I wished was
to present the facts; but his message I should
like to have referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. _ The power of the United States is coex-
tensive with the whole territory of the United
States. There seems to be in the provisions
of the old Constitution a limit upon the power
of the General Government to interfere in ease
of domestic violence, except when called upon
by the Governor of the State or the Legisla-
ture. Whether or not that power is extended
by the fourteenth amendment, whether tbe
amendments to the Constitution have enlarged
that power, or whether there is any mode of
using the militia of the State under the author-
ity of the national Government, except in obe-
dience to tbe call of the Governor or the Legis-
lature, are questions that ought to be referred
and considered.
What I say is that it is necessary, in my
judgment, to arm the President of the United
States with increased military power over the
militia of the States, so that he may put down
these bands of lawless marauders. I do not
nowgointo particulars and facts in Kentucky,
because the Senators from Kentucky know
more of them than I do. I have read in the
newspapers this fact, that some man killed a
negro, a cold-blooded and atrocious murder,
and the murderer was arrested in the capital
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and put in
jail, and that ninety men at night, armed, dis-
guised Ku Klux, went there and forced the jail
and released this murderer; and that was only
three weeks ago. If that be true, you have got
the Ku Klux in Kentucky.
Mr. THURMAN. How about Kansas?
We have just seen statements of the rescue of
prisoners there.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague refers to
cases of crime. We can find cases of crime
in Ohio and New York; but I have already
answered that argument. Crime will exist
everywhere; but in all the northern States, aud
m the South, except where political offenses
are committed, every man feels himself bound
to pursue the criminal and punish him. But
the startling fact remains as to Kentucky, as
well as the other southern States, that none
of these people, so far as I know, have been
convicted and pumslu-d. The particular case
pointed out by the Senator from Kentucky I
am not prepared to contest, for I know noth-
ing about it. He says there were two cases.
I have not any of the facts, and he did not
go into them very fully ; but still here is the
general allegation, which has not been con-
troverted, but which is admitted bv this mes-
sage of the Governor, that these acts'of lawless,
organized violence, by persons in disguise, are
beyond the reach of the law; and the ques-
tion is whether we shall allow it to be so, or
will assert the power of the Government of
the United States in any localities where the
laws are ineffective to put down this domestic
violence.
Mr. STEVENSON. My honorable friend
from Ohio must not shift the issue. His charge
was and I took his words down—first, that
these lvu Klux were mainly composed of sol-
diers of tbe late rebel armies, disciplined and
disguised and bound by oaths and secret obliga-
tions; second, that they were political organ-
izations, that they took an oath ; third, that it
was not only a political organization, sworn for
political purposes, but that it was composed of
rebels. Now, has the gentleman maintained a
single proposition as to Kentucky? Not one.
I did say in my message that outrages had
been committed. I said it was a local matter ;
I never heard it placed at more than thii ty men
in the entire State in a particular locality—bad
men, whose politics were not known, and who
went about to rob white men and black men
alike. That is what I said, and I have not a
