812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
for the purpose of ascertaining, in the present
form before us, whether any member of this
body or any employ^ or officer of the Senate
over whom we have jurisdiction did communi-
cate this treaty to these witnesses or to any-
body else. That is the real question ; and two
misconceptions, I think, have been made in
the minds of Senators here with reference to
the present aspect of the case. One miscon-
ception is that the answer of the witness now
before the Senate has already exonerated every
Senator and every member of the Senate from
blame in this matter; and the other miscon-
ception is, as I gather from the speech of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] that
this witness does to some extent occupy a
position, in consequence of his professional
relation, analogous to that of a lawyer or a
physician or a clergyman who has received
the confession of a dying man. Permit me,
sir, to say a few words as to each of these two
points.
I do not conceive that this answer does
exonerate every member of the Senate from
blame as to how this treaty was made public ;
and it is for this reason, I wish to say here, that
I have voted throughout upon this case, as I
have no doubt every Senator has voted this
morning, against laying thq resolution on the
table and for the imprisonment of these wit-
nesses, because they have not answered these
questions before the committee. It has been
with pain that every member of the Senate
who has so voted has, in obedience to a pub-
lic duty, voted contrary to what his own per-
sonal kind feeling toward these witnesses
would have impelled him to vote. Now, sir,
dues this answer exonerate every Senator?
"I have already testified before the special com-
mittee of the Senate that I aid not receive what
purports to be a copy of the treaty of Washington
trom any Senator or officer of the Senate; that it
was printed on folio pages, a single column on each
page; and that I fir^t saw it about ten o'clock on
the niirht of May 10. instant. I ha.ve since been
informed that the copy which I thus described was
not a Senate document, but one printed by order of
the State Department, of which 1 am also informed
forty or more copies were printed for the use of the
Department and for distribution."
It may fairly be argued, I think irresistibly
argued, that the copy which came into the
hands of the witness was a State Department
copy. The circumstances clearly show that;
but do the circumstances show that that State
Department copy, coming into his hands at an
hour after the time when the treaty had been
communicated to the Senate, was not com-
municated to him, either directly or indirectly,
through a Senator; and I care not here to
enter into the discussion of whether the com-
munication of that copy or any other copy
would be a violation of the duty of a Senator.
It is the substance, as the Senator from Wis-
consin said, of what is before us that is to be
kept secret, nut the identical paper which is
communicated to us ; and I care not to argue
that question. So that all that can be said
about that branch of the answer is, that it is
entirely clear that it was a State Department
copy that came into the hands of this witness.
This might narrow the field of investigation,
it is true, but it would be no justification for
pursuing such a course as is suggested by the
Senator from Ohio.
The (act that this shows that you may get at
a limited number of witnesses and bring them
before the committee, who might trace that
particular copy, would be the worst reason in
the world for discharging the witnesses whom
you have before you, undertaking to trace this
subject to anybody. If the Senator from Ohio
were in his place I would say to him that,
knowing that he has occupied a judicial posi
tion, there could be nothing else than his
known amiability, his knowu geniality of
spuii, that would justify any lawyer who ever
practiced before him in offering the discharge
of a contumacious witness before him on tile
ground that he would try to make out his case
by the residue of the witnesses, i should
think that lawyer would have been in danger
of going to prison for contempt of court, as
well as the witness. This is that branch of
that answer; the other branch is:
"That I am now ready to go before the special
committoe of the Senate and to testify that neither
directly nor indirectly did I receive the copy of what
purports to be the treaty of Washington from any
Senator or officer of the Senate, nor, so far as I know,
irom any employ^ thereof."
" Neither directly nor indirectly did I receive
the copy." The words are well chosen. The
answer has been drawn with care. There has
been some professional ability about it from
the class of persons enumerated iu it, to which
[ will refer after awhile, and the language
used is that he did not "directly or indirectly
receive the copy." It refers entirely to the
mere manual reception of the copy that he got.
He got it from the hands of somebody that was
not an officer of the Senate, either directly or
indirectly ; but he refuses to say from whom
he did get it so that the Senate may know
through what channel it came before it got into
the hands of that person ; and that is the gist
of this whole offense after all. It is not the
question of whether Senators or the employes
of the Senate are exonerated by this answer.
That is not the question that we have really
before us. I will come to that after awhile.
So, Mr. President, the answer leaves open
the question of whether it was not, either
directly or indirectly, through a Senator that
that copy which this witness obtained did get
to his hands. It is not a clear, unequivocal
statement which would authorize us to say that
this body is free from blame. Now, sir, that
is one misconception. What is the other?
Mr. CONKL1NG-. Will my honorable friend
allow me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I remind the Senator
that there are upon the record the questions
and the sworn answers of the witness before
us upon this very point, which he should take
in confirmation of the very clear statement that
he has made. Those questions and answers
he will find, if he looks to them, are expressly
to the point that the witness could not state
that this copy did not come from a Senator or
from the Senate. He expressly disclaimed any
knowledge or ability to make answer in that
way, which, the Senator will see, confirms very
strongly what he is now saying.
Mr. SCO FT. This statement, made by a
member of the committee, only strengthens the
position which I have been endeavoring to
place before the Senate. I come now, Mr.
President, to the reasons given by the witness
for refusing to answer. What are they ? This
is the one to which I wish to call attention :
" It is the uniform practice of members of my pro-
fession to regard us confidential the sources of all
the news which they receive, and there is always an
imp'ied promise of secrecy whenever information
passes into the hands of a newsp iper man. This
pled?o of secrecy is considered among my profes-
sional associates as a client's secrets are to an attor-
ney, a patient's secrets to a physician, or those of a
dying man to a minister of the gospel; and were I,
therefore, to violate it by answering the question
propounded, I firmly believe that I should render
rnybulf infamous in the eyes of my professional asso-
ciates."
This is the position in which the witness puts
himself, and this is the position m which the
remarks of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] were calculated to place him before
the country. Now, Mr. President., I need not
call to the attention of many of the members
of this body where the analogy in these cases
ceases ; but I do wish it to go upon the record,
as it has been put in here as a justification, how
far different these supposed analogous cases are
from his case.
In the first place, here is an offense against
the Senate, if it be an employ6 of the Senate,
ati officer of the Senate, or a member of the
Senate, who has communicated this treaty ;
and it was known to this witness that it would
be an offense m a Senator or in an emplo>6 of
the Senate to communicate anything which the
rule of the Senate forbade him to communi-
cate. If it were, then, an employ6 of the Sen-
ate, and that is what we are seeking after, and
an approach were made to this witness to give
him what the rule of the Senate forbade, he is
in complicity with the person whom he seeks
to shield; and could it ever be held that a
particeps criminis would be protected from
testifying in a court because he stood in a
confidential relation to the man with whom
he had been associated in committing the
offense? If so, good by to criminal justice.
There is another rule which might shield him,
but that I will come to directly.
But, again, in the case of a lawyer, it is the
client's privilege, not his, to keep secret what
the client has communicated to him ; and when
he is called to the stand the court informs
him, "because of the sacredness of the rela-
tion existing between you and your client, and
for reasons of public policy, you dare not dis-
close what your client has communicated to
you, but he can unseal your lips, and if he
give his consent you may testify." So, in the
case of a physician, it is the patient's priv-
ilege. He in the sacredness of professional
confidence may communicate that which he
would not whisper in any other human ear;
and for reasons* of public policy, that the phy-
siciau may have the confidence of his pati'ent,
and that he may exercise his healing art to
cure the infirmities which a man would not
reveal to his most intimate friend, these com-
munications are held sacred. And so, in the
cases, where this is the rule, of communica-
tions to a clergyman. There are reasons of
public policy which forbid these men, not
because of their privilege, but because of the
privilege of those with whom they are asso-
ciated, from communicating what they know.
But now what is this case ? What is public
policy here ? Here is the Constitution author-
izing each House of Congress to keep certain
proceedings secret forreasons of public policy.
Here is the act ot Congress declaring that the
protection which ordinarily shields a witness
from answering to questions which will even
make him infamous shall be removed, and
declaring that he must answer under a penalty.
Here, then, is the highest law of the land, the
Constitution, and the statute law of the land,
one declaring, as a rule of public policy for the
purpose of carrying out the provisions of the
other, the Constitution, that a witness before
a congressional committee shall answer these
questions. Here, theu, the analogies which
give the privilege to a client, and to a patient,
and to a dying man, for reasons of public pol-
icy are invoked to shield a man tor violating
the highest principles of public policy, as
enunciated in the Constitution and by the law
of Congress ! These are the distinctions, and
they ought to be borne m mind.
It is not the question, Mr. Piesident, whether
these men should be imprisoned for a day or
an hour or not; but, as the Senator from Wis-
consin, in words more eloquent than I can use,
said, it is whether the individual opinion of a
mat) as to his honor or to his obligation shall
be above the law; and we are brought here
now not to consider whether we would wish
these men to be imprisoned—if that simply
were the question theie would be no difficulty
about the case—-but as to whether the whole
system adopted by Congress for the purposes
of cairjing on public investigations, and here
superadded for the purpose of preserving the
secrecy of those proceedings which the public
interests require to be secret, shall be aban-
doned and the Senate shall declare that they
will not undertake to ferret out an offense
against that law and against that policy. There
is more in it, Mr. President, than the mere
question of the individual imprisonment of
these men; and in determining it we ought
not to forget that when the law-making power
proclaims to the puolic that the law ceases to
be a sword tor those who violate it it will soon
cease to be a shield to those who may invoke
j it for their protection.
