1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the motion
is to strike out that part of this resolution which
provides for the continuance of this commit-
tee during the vacation. It is proposed that,
in order to keep these young men in prison,
this committee shall be continued as a form-
ality through the vacation. It occurs to me
that there might be a corresponding duty on
the other side, that the committee should stay
here during the same period, in order that if
these young men should at any time reconsider
their purpose they might have an opportunity
of going before the committee and testifying.
But it would be a very- empty formality for a
very serious purpose if this committee is to
be formally continued by resolution, and the
mergers of it separate to the four corners of
the continent as soon as the Senate adjourns.
Mr. President, I undertook to state yester-
day that I believed our jurisdiction iu this
matter was confined to the violation of the
thirty-ninth rule, and that this proceeding is
carried on only under the terms of that rule.
That rule provides:
" That all confidential communications made by
the President to the Senate shall be, by the Senators
and officers of the Senate, kept secret."
The obligation is upon the Senators and the
officers of the Senate ; the rule extends to no-
body else; and our jurisdiction in this inquiry
extends to nobody but to Senators and officers
of the Senate; and the proposition which I
submitted yesterday was that when this Sen-
ate became reasonably satisfied that this treaty
was not divulged through a Senator or an offi-
cer of the Senate this inquiry should stop at
that point, and I desire now to repeat that
proposition. I believe that if this prosecution
is continued beyond that point, beyond the
point of reasonable satisfaction that this treaty
did not come through a Senator or an ofGcer
of the Senate, it will be regarded, and justly
regarded, as passing from the field of legiti-
mate examination to persecution. There is
no reason, there is no policy, that can be or
lias been suggested in my hearing for continu-
ing this prosecution one moment beyond the
time when a majority of the Senate is reason-
ably satisfied that this treaty was not divulged
through a Senator or an officer of the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I submit that the evi-
dence thus far given by these witnesses ought
to satisfy us reasonably that this treaty was
not thus divulged, and I ask the candid con-
sideration by the Senate of this proposition
for a few minutes.
In the first place, I may remark that these
are gentlemen of intelligence, and it is not to
be presumed that they do not understand where
this treaty came from. They may not know
positively, because they cannot swear to a thing
they have not seen, but undoubtedly they have
a belief, undoubtedly they have an opinion, as
to where this treaty came from. It can hardly
be supposed that they have not an opinion upon
that subject, and I take it for granted that they
have. Now, what was the testimony of Mr.
Ramsdell on that subject? I read it as pub-
lished in the Globe. The Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] had asked the question,
and then proceeded to say to the witness,
Ramsdell:
"The object of my question was to ascertain
whether this copy was obtained through the Senate.
I wished to know whether you obtained any copy of
tins treaty from or through the Senate in any way.
"Tne Witness. X haddecided, incase I was called
upon to swear to it, to answer that to my knowledge
or belief"—
How much stronger, I ask, could he make it
unless he gave the name of the man? He says:
" To my knowledge or belief it was not obtained
in any manner from a member of the Senate or any
officer of the Senate."
I submit, not as a mere technical question
as propounded by a lawyer, but I submit to
the broad, common sense of this Senate, if he
has not answered as strongly as he can answer
unless he divulges the name of the man and
tells where the man came from and where he
got the treaty. Hesays according to his knowl-
edge and his belief it was not obtained in any
way from a Senator or an officer of the Senate.
I submit to the members of the Senate, unless
there be a great anxiety to deal harshly with
these young gentlemen, that here is a reason-
able denial that this did come through the
Senate. The witness could not make it any
stronger, and I have no doubt in the world
that he told the truth.
What was the answer of the other witness ?
and the answer referred to by the Senator from
New York is dependent upon the form in
which the question was put, and I will refer to
theform in which the question was put, ex
plaining the character of the answer. I read
from the examination of Mr. White:
"Question, (by Mr. Trumbtjli..) I wish to ask you
distinctly whether you know"—
That is the form of the question—
"I wish to ask you distinctly whether you know
that the copy you sent ciimo through tho Senate V'
He put it in an affirmative form. The an-
swer is—
" I do not know that it did."
In direct response to the very form of the
question that was asked. Perhaps the Sen-
ator, if he had reflected a moment, would not
have put the question in that form. Again—
"You do not know whether itdid or did not?"
He did not ask him for an opinion, did not
ask him for a belief, but asked him for his
knowledge—
" Question. You do not know whether it did ordid
not?
"Answer. I do not know whether it did or did
not."
He answered the questions just as they were
put. lie could not have known, perhaps,
whether that copy had ever been in the hands
of a Senator as a matter of positive knowl-
edge, unless he had followed the history of
that treaty from the time it was handed out
from the office of the Secretary of State, or
even before it got there. He was not asked
as to what he believed or as to what was his
impression. The circumstances must have
made some impression on his mind, but the
question is simply propounded in the form of
asking his absolute knowledge, on the part of
the Senator from Illinois. The witness gives
some other answers on that subject:
" Question. Did you obtain it from any member of
the present Senate of the United States ?
"Answer. I did no J."
The question is answered fully, all that is
asked of him.
"Question. Did you obtain it in the room of any
Senator of the United States?
"Answer. I did not.
"Question. Did you obtain it in any room occupied
by any Senator of the United States?
" Answer. X did not.
"Question. Where did you obtain it?
"Answer. I respectfully retuso to answer that
question."
In view of that testimony, which does not
hear out, I submit, the statement of the Sen-
ator from New York, T call attention to what
he says in his answer to-day :
"I am now ready to go before the special commit-
tee of the Senate and to testify that neither directly
nor indirectly did X receive the copy of what pur-
ports to be tho treaty of Washington from any Sen-
ator or officer of the Senate."
He could not make that statement consci-
entiously, it would be moral perjury at least,
if he believed, though he did not know, that
it came through the Senate. If the circum-
stances under which he got that treaty created
the impression or the suspicion in his mind
that indirectly it had come from a Senator, he
could not make that answer, nor could he
have made conscientiously the answers given
in the testimony I just now read. Therefore,
I submit to the Senate that these gentlemen
have substantially answered that this treaty,
to the best of their knowledge and belief, did
not come from a Senator, directly or indirectly,
or through any officer of the Senate.
But now how has that been met on this floor?
By the statement of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin that if the committee wene allowed to go
on they believed they could trace this to a Sen-
ator. I think that statement ought not to have
been made. If it is made, there ought to bo
3ome circumstances, and why are they not
given hero, by which it can be traced to a Sen-
ator? If there are circumstances by which it
can be traced to a Senator within the knowl-
edge of the committee, why have not the wit-
nesses been brought and the matter proven
before the committee, and let us have the evi-
dence here? No; the positive declarations of
these young gentlemen, that to the best of their
knowledge and belief this treaty did not come
through the Senate in any way, are met by the
simple declaration of tho Senator from Wis-
consin, " If you let us go on we will trace this to
a Senator." If the committee have cvidenco
of that kind which authorizes him lo say so
that evidence ought to have come before the
Senate. If they have not yet taken it before
the committee let them send for the witnesses.
If there is anything that places this at the
door of any Senator let it be brought out, and
not have this broad imputation thrown out here
that may rest upon one or may rest upon a
dozen members of this body.
I submit that the Senator in that matter
has gone too far unless he is prepared to go
further and state what are the circumstances
which indicate that this thing will be brought
home to the door of a Senator; and if they
have circumstances now that point to a Sen-
ator, why not send for him before that com-
mittee at once? Let him be brought there and
put upon his oath. If he refuses to answer,
that would be very strong evidence that he
was a guilty man; but if he does answer
straightforwardly it is hardly to be presumed,
and you have no right to go upon the pre-
sumption, that he would commit perjury, I
do not believe any Senator in this body would
commit perjury under such circumstances.
But it is said that a number of these copies
were handed out to Senators in advance. So
they were; I do not know how many; five or
six to those who were members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I am told they
were given also to other Senators. Perhaps
there is no sort of doubt about thftt; but the
names of the Senators to whom those copies
weregivencan be obtained in theState Depart-
ment. They can all be called upon ; and it
will take but a very little time for each one
of them to account, if he can account., for his
copy; and if there are any other witnesses who
can be summoned to make a direct case, or
to make a prima facie case, or to make a case
of suspicion that calls upon any Senator to get
up on this floor and vindicate his position,
let those things be stated. All that is fair ;
and all that is better than to meet the state-
ment of these young gentlemen by the general
assertion here, "If you let us go on we shall
bring this thing home to the door of a Sen-
ator." There may be a great anxiety to bring
thisthing limine to some Senator. I do not, know
how that is. I hope not. Bat if the facts
exist that authorize this statement to be made
here in the face of the positive testimony of
these young men, thataccoiding to their knowl-
edge and belief it was not obtained in any
way from a Senator, let us have those facts.
It is a matter of simple justice.
Mr. FENTON*. This affords a pretty good
opportunity to interrupt the Senator, if he will
allow me 
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. FBNTON. As he seems to think it is
well for every Senator to purge himself', or to
speak of his knowledge in respect to this treaty,
so far as he has any, I am glad to seize so
pleasant an opportunity. I observe a para-
graph in the Patriot of this morning which says
that this investigation thus far seems to point
to one of the Senators of this body, giving his
name. I desire to state that I came here on
Wednesday myselt, and 1 neither had nor saw
a printed copy of the treaty or what purported
to be the treaty, unless it was the printed copy
