1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
word to take back in this Senate Chamber from
what I uttered as Governor of Kentucky.
I should be recreant to myself and to my
country if I did not frown down violence where
ever it raises its brazen head ; but I deny that
in Kentucky there is any political Ku Klux
organization ; I deny that if there is any secret
organization it is composed of rebels. That
is what I deny; and I say that when the facts
can be gotten at, in my honest judgment., (and
I do not speak without advice,) when the out-
rages come out, many of the men who have
thus offered indignities to negroes will be found
to have been Federal soldiers belonging to the
Eepublican party, who feel that their claims
have been overlooked.
That is what I say, and that is what I stand
on; and I therefore do not allow the Senator
from Ohio to shift the issue. Let him standby
his argument as he makes it; and I say when
he does he fails with proof to cast the slightest
shade of shame or dishonor upon Kentucky,
Tennessee, or any of their sister States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I should not have risen to say a single word on
the present occasion but for the speech just
now repeated which we have often heard from
the Senator from Illinois in relatio-n to this
particular resolution now under consideration.
The amendment proposed to it, whether I am
in favor of it or not, strikes me with some sur-
prise. Its introduction to-day is the first knowl-
edge I have had of the amendment; but when
the Senator from Illinois talks about its being
a disrespect to the other House for us to adopt
this resolution, limiting the legislative action
of the present session, after they have repeat-
edly sent to us their resolutions in favor of an
adjournment at the earliest possible period, and
when we know that they have utterly relused
to appoint committees for the transaction of
any business, it seems to me entirely uncalled
for to state that this resolution would be dis-
respectful to the House.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
comes here as the leader of revenue reform.
Now, in my judgment, even the Democratic
party will repudiate the Senator as sueh a
leader. They will want to take up this whole
subject; they will not be willing to strike
down at a single blow so much of the revenue
as will preclude them from acting upon any
and all other topics that are embraced in the
tariff. Nor will the Democratic party, who
are fo jubilant at the present moment over
the New Hampshire election, expecting their
own ascendency here at an early day, be will-
ing, if they are sincere, that the Treasury shall
only have half enough resources to support
the Government under their administration.
Therefore I say that the Democratic party even
will repudiate the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois as a leader of revenue reform.
Now, Mr. President, what is the course of
the distinguished Senator from Illinois, and
he knows that I have any amount of respect
for him ? Wherever he can find an oppor-
tunity to strike down taxes he is in favor of
it, entirely regardless of consequeuces. When
the subject of internal taxes was up, and the
question wa3 upon the income tax, he was in
favor of striking it down. When it was the
question of the tax on gross receipts, he was
in favor of striking that down also. When
it was on legacies and successions, ho was in
favor of striking thatdown also. And now, Mr.
President, he advocates at the present time
not only the repeal of the tariff upon coal but
upon salt and upon sugar, tea, and coffee. How
much revenue shall we have after all this has
been done? How is the Government to be
supported? The Senator Goes not seem to
take into account the action of the last Con-
gress in relation to internal revenue and the
tariff, by which we reduced the revenue at
least $80,000,000. His calculations are all
based upon the revenue we obtained last year,
when it is notorious to everybody else that we
bave cut it £80,000,000.
But with not his usual fairness he parades
the surplus we had in the Treasury in Decem-
ber last. Does not that Senator know that
on the 1st of January following we had thirty
or forty millions of interest to pay out of the
sum on hand; and he makes no account of
what was merely held on deposit, for which
gold certificates are issued, liable to be called
for on demand from parties who really own
the gold, and deposited it for safe-keeping only
in the sub-Treasury.
Why, Mr. President, it does so happen that
by the superior economy of the present Admin-
istration and its superior efficiency in collect-
ing the revenue we have been*able to pay off
something more than $100,000,000 per aanum
since the Administration came into power. It
surpasses our expectations and astonishes our
enemies ; but does the Senator from Illinois
regretthis? He would seemto argueas though
the money we raised by taxation has been a
total loss. Why, sir, the Administration have
not only been economical but they have hon-
estly saved over $12,000,000 of taxes this year,
by the reduction of the principal of the debt,
and for every year succeeding. Having paid
off over $200,000,000 of the public debt, our
taxes hereafter will be less by over $12,000,000.
I do not now propose to take any more time
on this subject. If the Senator were a candi-
date for the Chief Justiceship of the United
States I should support him most cheerfully ;
but if he and George Francis Train were can-
didates for the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States I should hardly know
which would be most deserving of support.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
obliged to my friend from Vermont, who says
that the Democrats will repudiate the Senator
from Illinois. That is nothing more than they
have done for many years. They have repu-
diated me for several years, and I do not know
but that [hey would repudiate the Seuator
from Vermont just as quick as they do me.
[Laughter.]
But the Senator says that if we take the tax
off salt and coal, when the Democrats get into
power they will not have money enough to
administer the Government with. Does the
Senator from Vermont know that the whole
amount of revenue derived from coal and salt,
both together, does not amount to $2,000,000
a year ? That will not make a very great im-
pression on the $191,000,000 we collected last
year. Does the Senator suppose that that is
to affect so materially the Treasury of the
United States? It is not a very large amount
and would not be sensibly felt.
The Senator was mistaken when he said that
I gave the amount of money in the Treasury
in December and forgot that a large amount
was called out in January. I stated the amount
of money in the Treasury on the 1st day of
March last, and it was more than one hundred
and twenty-four million dollars; and on the 1st
day of February I stated what it was, and it
was $123,000,000 then. I not only stated what
it was in December, but I did state what it
was in February and in March, and there has
been something like that amount in the Treas-
ury all the time for years.
We paid on the public debt last year more
than one hundred and seventeen million dol-
lars. I am very glad of it. I am rejoiced that
the public debt was reduced; but I say to the
Senator from Vermontf and I am willing to
say to the people of the country, that I do not
believe in taxing this people at this time to re-
duce that public debt at the rate of $117,000,000
a year. I want to reduce it somewhat. I should
be satisfied with $25,000,000 a year; and as
the country improves and grows, and as the
debt becomes smaller, we could pay more;
but to begin now, right after this great war,
with its burdens upon us, and the immense
taxation to which we have been subjected,
to pay $117,000,000 yearly I say is requiring
too much of the people. I am for reducing
taxation so that we shall not pay more than
$25,000,000 annually on the principal of the
debt, and I am for taking out of the Treasury
this money that is lying there idle. We have
lost more than six million dollars every vear
by the money that has lain idle in the Treasury.
Some one asked me what would be the price
of gold if this money were taken out of the
Treasury. Why, sir, if a law were passed
to-morrow, as I wish there might be, that at
least one third of the duties which are col-
lected should be paid in greenbacks the price
of gold would come down five per cent, in a
day, and we should have money enough to pay
the gold interest besides.
Mr. MORTON. 1 should like to ask the
Senator how much of the gold in the Treasury
has been deposited by private parties, which
the Government is liable to be called upon to
pay back at any time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is generally some
twenty or thirty million dollars deposited in the
Treasury. That is the average. It has Iain
there all the time ; and for what purpose is it
there, let me ask the Senator from Indiana?
If it is lying there in the Treasury, and year
after year there is that amount there, will there
be any hazard in the Government making some
use of it?
Mr. MORTON. I simply asked the ques-
tion from this consideration: the Senator stated
the aggregate amount of gold in the Treasury;
whereas some thirty or forty millions of that has
been deposited there, which the Government
owes, and may be called upon to pay any day ;
so that that should not fairly go into any gen-
eral statement of the surplus in the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad the Sen-
ator asked the question. I am not complain-
ing of it. The amount on deposit has never
been so much as $40,000,000 at one time. It
has not averaged more than $25,000,000. The
amount has generally been somewhere from
twenty to thirty million dollars, I think, for the
year past. Before that it was not as much.
The amount has been larger recently than for
some time before.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
ask the Senator a question. I ask him whether
the fact that the Government has paid $100,-
000,000 a year on its debt has not helped the
credit of this country abroad and appreciated
the value of our bonds, and whether it is not
that which now enables the Secretary of the
Treasury to negotiate a loan at a much lower
rate of interest; and whether the Administra-
tion up to the present time, whatever may be
its course in the future, can properly be criti-
cised for having paid $100,000,000 a year of
the public debt?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not criticising the
Administration for having paid $100,000,000
a year. I had already expressed my gratifica-
tion that $117,000,000 had been paid during
the last year. The Administration is entitled
to credit for collecting the revenues according
to the law and saving them in order to apply
this much upon the debt; but what I am com-
plaining of is that we have laws to collect so
much revenue.
Now, then, as to the other question. The
Senator from New Jersey wants to know if our
credit is not better abroad by reason of our
having paid $117,000,000 upon the debt. I
think it is ; I think that helps us ; but I think
our credit would be still better if we were to
come to a specie basis m this country. I do
not believe we can ever borrow money at such
rates as we ought to borrow it while we have
circulating here as a legal tender a currency
that is ten per cent, below par. Let us receive
these legal tenders in paymentfor a quarter or a
third of the amount that we receive for duties ;
reduce that volume, and you will come to a
gold standard in this country; and when you
come to a specie standard you will borrow
money, not at five per cent., but at four per
cent. Other countries can doit, and our credit
will not be injured when we establish our
