1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
to take a leaf from the prerogatives of this
House, I think he had better complete the
work and require the entry on our Journal that
the prisoners receive this judgment on their
knees.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator really
thinks that ought to be done, why does lie not
move, while on the floor, to amend the resolu-
tion in that way?
Mr. SUMNER. If the desires of the Sen-
ator in other respects are to be carried out, 1
think the question of the form is very imma-
terial. I think when the Senator has proposed
to commit these witnesses to the common
jail 
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me one word
further. In other words, if the witness is to
be compelled to answer, he might as well be
disgraced.
Mr. SUMNER. No, that is not the point.
The point is, whether the Senate shall under-
take to exercise a prerogative that does not
belong to it, and which is inconsistent with
the principles of constitutional liberty. If the
Senator who claims this prerogative insists
upon going to the House of Lords for this new
feather of prerogative, let him complete his
work and require the witnesses to kneel before
the Senate, according to the old requirement
in England and the present entry in the Lords'
journal, or at least let him have a similar entry
in our Journal.
But, sir, what says the American authority
on this subject? I have already read the first
part, concluding with the words:
" Where it is not so regulated it is understood that
the imprisonment terminates with the session."
It is not the English authority alone that says
this. The great American authority says it.
Nor is this all. lie proceeds:
" Where there is provision regulating the time of
imprisonment, if a commitment is genera], the pris-
oner will be entitled to his discharge on the term-
ination of the session ; if it is for a certain time, the
prisoner wilt be entitled to his discharge on the
expiration of the timo, or tho termination of the
session, whichsoever first happens."
And now it is proposed by a subtlety of
device absolutely without precedent to keep
this committee alive in order to keep these
witnesses in custody. The committee is to be
projected into the recess, not for any real pur-
pose of inquiry, but under the idea that in this
way the punishment of these witnesses may be
prolonged.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator say
that a punishment for contempt by imprison-
ment beyond the expiration of the session is
absolutely without precedent in the United
States?
Mr. SUMNER. Well, sir, that would de-
pend upon something else [laughter] which
1 am coming 10.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has only to
recollect that this very Capilol was the dun-
geon of Pat lick Woods for tlnee months after
the House of Representatives adjourned.
Mr. SUMNER. I say nothing of constitu-
tional provisions in our country which may
interfere with the parliamentary law; but my
answer to the inquiry of the Senator from Ohio
is clearly that by parliamentary law no person
can be detained in custody after the close of
the session. There is no doubt about it. The
authorities are explicit and unanswerable. But
it is not left in all the States to parliamentary
law ; there are constitutional provisions wjhich
step ill and undertake to deal with it. Thus
the constitution of Maine gives authority to
each branch of its Legislature, during the ses-
sion, to punish any person not a member by
imprisonment not extending beyond the ses-
, ion. The words of the constitution as given
here are as follows:
"Frovt'led, That no imprisonment shall extend
beyond the penod of tho saoic session."
The constiiutiou of New Hampshire has a
special provision on the subject as follows :
"Provided, That no imprisonment by either
[House] for any offense exceed ten days."
Now I meet the inquiry of the Senator.
Suppose the committal to be made on the last
day of the session or within a few days of the
expiration of the session in New Hampshire,
I will not undertake to say that it may not be
continued for the period of ten days, the limit-
ation of the constitution stepping in to modify
the parliamentary law. Different States have
different provisions on this subject.
Mr. THURMAN. What page do you read
from ?
Mr. SUMNER. I read from page 271 of
Cushing.
Mr. THURMAN. What section?
Mr. SUMNER. Sections six hundred and
ninety-one and six hundred and ninety-two.
I said that different States had different pro-
visions on this subject. In Florida and Tennes-
see—we have Florida Senators and Tennessee
Senators here:
"In Florida and Tennessee the imprisonment is
general a.nd must expire, with the scsmon, while in
Indiana ami Illinois it cannot exceed twenty-four
hours; in Alabama, Mississippi, and Texas, forty-
oight hours; and in Louisiana it is limited to ton
days."
I have nothing to say on the operation of
constitutional provisions fixing a specific time.
It may be that under those terms an imprison-
ment may be effective for the time appointed
even after the close of the session. This stands
on constitutional law. My pointis, that in the
absence of any constitutional provision, under
parliamentary law, as solemnly declared in
England and as recognized by our first Amer-
ican authority, any committal for contempt
by the Senate or by the other House must
expire with the session. The moment, sir,
your gavel falls the prison-door opens. As
Senators go home the prisoners go out. Such
is the law, and the Senate cannot alter it. Sup-
pose the committee authorized to sit during
the session and the Sergeant-at-Arms under-
takes to detain these witnesses in custody, do
you suppose such intelligent gentlemen would
sleep a night without a writ of habeas corpus
which would bring their rights in trial before
a court of justice? We already have the lan-
guage of the chief justice of Englaud settling
the question in advance : *
" Though the party should deserve the severest
penalties, yet, his oftenso being committed the day
before the prorogation, if the House ordered his
imprisonment but for a week, every court in West-
minster Hall, and every judge of all tho courts,would
be bound to discharge him by habeas corpus."
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORION. I askhim what possible con-
nection there can be between the two things,
the continuation of the committee and the
imprisonment? What efl'ect can the contin-
uation of the committee have upon the im-
prisonment? I ask him if the reason why the
imprisonment cannot exlend beyond the ses-
sion is not this, at least in part: that being
; imprisoned by order of the Senate, the persons
can only be discharged by the order of the
Senate, atid therefore if they are left in prison
when the Senate adjourns there is no authority
to discharge them until the Senate meets again
next winter?
Mr. SUMNER. The inquiries of the Sen-
ator are well put, and it is impossible to answer
them except in one way. I am obliged to the
Senator for his interruption. The prolonga-
tion of the powers of the committee with any
view of continuing the imprisonment is a vain
thing. It is attempting to do what cannot be
done. The committee has no power over
imprisonment. If you send these witnesses
away from your bar in custody it is by the
order of tho Senate, and not by any order of
tho committee, and their imprisonment expires
I with the Senate, because it fakes its life from
the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does I he Senate expire
at the end of this short, session?
Mr. SUMNER. The session of the Senate
expires. The point is the session of the Sen-
ate. This session will die some time or other;
and when it does die any order for impris-
onment dies, aud the attempt to continue it, in
this artificial way by a committee is an attempt,
at the impossible. You are doing what you
cannot do. You are borrowing a prerogative
of the House of Lords without completing it,
and recording that these witnesses knelt to you.
I know not if I need say anything more on
this head. I should not have adduced these
authorities but for the remarks of my excellent
friend from Ohio, who founded his conclusion,
it seemed to me, upon his ample experience as
a judge, rather than upon parliamentary law.
A committee of this body is not a court, which
ill cases of contempt is a law unto itself, a com-
plete body, not deriving its power from any
superior body; but a committee is simply the
incident of the Senate; and when the session
of the Senate is brought to an end an imprison-
ment by the Senate is brought to an end also.
I know not if it is necessary to proceed with
the general consideration of this question. I
prefer to confine myself at the present moment
to the precise point on which the Senate is to
vote, that is, the question of prolonging the
powers of this committee with the expectation
thereby of continuing still longer the incar-
ceration of these witnesses. 1 protest, against
the whole idea, not only as impossible, but as
in conliict with the first principles of parlia-
mentary law, and so radically wrong that even
if a precedent in this body could be found it
ought not to be adopted. But no such prece-
dent can be found, 110 semblance of a prece-
dent. I challenge Senators to produce it.
Allow me to make one remark of a general
character. I will begin by an inquiry. Is not
this whole question embarrassed much by the
absence of any penal statute regulating the
secrets of the Senate? Were there a penal
statute making it criminal to divulge or to cir-
culate the secrets of the Senate or confidential
documents our course would be easy, aud I
doubt not the course of the witnesses would be
perfectly easy. We are not acting under any
penal statute. None such exists. There is
no law of the land which says that itiswronjj for
these witnesses to circulate a document of the
Senate which they have received.
Mr. CARPEN TER. If my friend will allow
me, I suggest to him that we are acting under
a penal statute in the sense in which he men-
tions it. We are not punishing anybody here
for divulging secrets, but trying to compel a
man to answer when the statute says that he
shall answer aud shall not set, up any privi-
lege, even that the anwer will subject him to
infamy.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the point of
the Senator. He brings us to the question of
compelling the testimony which is authorized
by statate. I go behind the question of com-
pelling the testimony to the legitimacy of this
whole inquiry. I say that, you have no penal
statute forbidding the publication of a confi-
dential document. I say that these witnesses,
in giving the treaty to the public, have violated
no law of the land ; nor have they violated any
provision of the Constitution of the United
States. At the utmost, even according to the
allegations of the committee, tliey may have
violated a rule of the Senate. Of that I know
nothing. Thus far the evidence does not show
that they have even violated a rule of the Sen-
ate. Surely they have violated no law. This
is clear and unanswerable.
If Senators are so anxious to maintain the
secrets of tliis body, let them be practical ; let,
them bring in a statute that shall make it, a
penal offense for any Senator to communicate
what, has passed in executive session, or at
least for any person not a Senator to circulate
or to publish any confidential document. Such
a statute would make the course of tho Sen-
ate, and also of the citizen, perfectly clear. 1
do not doubt, that the witnesses at the bar, I
do not doubt that all the representatives of
the press, would bow before such a statute
