170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
lature of Minnesota, in relation to the improve-
ment of Blue Earth river for milling purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Carver, in the county
of Carver, to Henderson, in the county of
Sibley; which was referred to the Committee
Oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
COORTS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present and have passed at this time
a little bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
for petitions, the Senator from Virginia asks
unanimous consent to consider a bill for the
purpose of passing it. Is there objection?
Mr. POMEROY. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I will explain in a mo-
ment. At the last session of Congress a bill
was passed providing for creating two judicial
districts in the State of Virginia. The bill pro-
vided that in all cases which were transferred
from the eastern to the western district copies
of the record should be made. I simply desire
to amend the law so as to require the original
papers to be sent, to save the expense of
copies to the parties. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage. In the first place, I move
that the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill, which is Senate bill No. 88.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 88) to amend an act
entitled "An act to divide the State of Vir-
ginia into two judicial districts."
_Mr. JOHNSTON. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the first section and also by
inserting after the word "removed," in the
tenth line of the second section, the words
" together with a statement of all costs;" so
that the bill will read :
That thesccond clause of tho sixth section of the
act aforesaid, of which this act is an amendment, be
amended as follows: " That tho clerk ot tlio circuit
or district court of theeastern district of Virginia
shall transmit tho_ original papers and certified
copies of all orders in any suit or proceeding which
shall bo removed for further proceedings from the
eastern to the western district of Virginia, as author-
ized by the first clause of the said sixth section of
the act aforesaid, to the clerk of the court to which
such suit or proceeding shall bo removed, together
with a statement of all costs; and all further pro-
ceedings shall be had in the court to which the samo
shall be removed as if tho said suit or proceeding
had originally been commenced therein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the latter
portion of the bill read again—the enumera-
tion of things which the clerk is required to
transmit.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. LEWIS. I will say to the Senator from
New York that this amendment has been pro-
posed by the judge and district attorney, and
it is to save expense to the persons who have
business in that court. That is the only object.
Mr. CONIvLlNG. Is this the same bill now
before the Judiciary Committee ?
Mr. LEWIS. The ehairmar^of the commit-
tee gave his consent to its being reported this
morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood me a little. His colleague brought me
the bill. I did not give any consent about its
being reported one way or the other. I said
it was in committee, and the only way would
be to discharge the committee and bring it
before the Senate. I have no objection to the
bill myself, as to the transfer of records, but
the committee has taken no action in reference
to it.
Mr, LEWIS. I misunderstood my colleague;
but there can be no objection to passing the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That tho memorial of D. J. Saunders and
others, with the accompanying papers, in behalf
of the Bank of Virginia and the Farmers' Bank, be
withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, Thatthe memorial of Maria Bohrer and
Ann Green, with the accompanying papers, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ease
of certain soldiers of the thirteenth Tennessee cav-
alry be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
reterred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ease
of John Sheiton be withdrawn trorn the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Military
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the petition anil papers of Caroline
Hart, of Des Moines, Iowa, widow of Solomon Hart,
and sister of Charles Reynolds, deceased, praying
compensation for certain bricks furnished for the
use of the Army by Reynolds, at Natchez, Missis-
sippi. be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr RICE, it was
Ordered., That the papers relating to the ease of
William J. Patton, collector of the second district
of Arkansas, be withdrawn l'rom the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee oil Finance.
REVENUE STAMPS.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the bill (II. R. No. 182) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue to determine the
material, devices, &c., of fetamps required by
the laws relating to internal revenue be con-
sidered. I have had a conversation with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue several
times, and he says it is impossible to protect
onr people from fraud unless this bill is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
for petitions, the Senator from Virginia asks
unanimous consent of the Senate to call up
for consideration the bill named by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not going to object
to any business that will not create debate,
mainly because I want the Senate to begood-
natured and to take up my resolution.
Mr. LEWIS. I do not suppose there will bo
any debate on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall object to any
business that creates debate ; and if it is pos-
sible for me to put iu a caveat that I can have
the floor at the close of the morning business,
I want my resolution taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
not advised how such a caveat can be put in ;
but that resolution can be taken up by unani-
mous consent, subject to a call for the regular
order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot get unanimous
consent because the Senator from Illinois
objects.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill men-
tioned by the Senator from Virginia will be
reported, subject to objection and subject to
a demand for the regular order.
The Chief Clerk re&d the bill (II. R. No.
182) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to determine the material, devices, &c.,
of stamps required by the laws relating to
internal revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a House
bill which the Senator from Virginia desires
to have passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ That bill is now before
the Committee on Finance, and we shall con
sider it to-morrow. It cannot be passed now.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT._ The Senator
from Ohio objects, and the bill is not before
the Senate.
REPORTS OB' CO.MMITTKES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 68) providing for the sale of land belong-
ing to the United States situated at Sag Har-
bor, Suffolk county, in the State of New York,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
67) for the relief of the purchasers of lots and
houses and lots sold by virtue of an act, of
Congress entitled "An act providing for the
sale of the lands, tenements, and water priv-
ileges belonging to the United States at and
near Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jeffer-
son, West Virginia," approved December 15,
1868, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back the
bill (S. No. 11C) concerning the compensation
of the collector of customs for the district of
Willamette, in the State of Oregon, and I
desire to have it considered at the present
time. It was passed at the last session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have morning business
to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota objects.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HILL. I desire to present a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
convey the United States branch mint at
Dahlonega, Georgia, to the trustees of the
North Georgia Agricultural College for edu-
cational purposes. I ask that it be reported,
with the correspondence with the Secretary of
the Treasury in relation to it, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, and that the bill be consid-
ered at this time.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (8. No. 273) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to
the trustees of'the North Georgia Agricultural
College for educational purposes ; which was
read twice.
Mr. HILL. Now I ask that the corre-
spondence accompanying the bill, which I send
to the Chair, be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. COLE. Is it reported from any com-
mittee ?
Mr. HILL. No, sir ; but I think the Senate
will pass the bill when they hear a brief explan-
ation of it.
Mr. COLE. I am probably in favor of it;
but I think it ought to go to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds for consid-
eration.
Mr. HILL. I hope not. I think I can in
two minutes offer sufficient reasons to the
Senate why it should pass. I think when the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury is read
and a brief statement made the Senate will
pass the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It should be considered
by some committee, so that we may know what
we are doing. I object to its consideration.
Mr. HILL. If it goes to a committee now
l ean have no hope for its passage at this ses-
sion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas objects to the present consideration of
the bill, and it cannot now be considered. To
what committee does the Senator from Georgia
desire to have it referred ; the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds ?
Mr. HILL. Let it go either to that com-
mittee or the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. No; some other com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Georgia will designate the committee the
Chair will put the question,
