172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 1) authorizing the appointment of a
commissioner to an international congress on
penitentiary and reformatory discipline; and the
bill (S. No. 179) to amend an act to establish
the Smithsonian Institution for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men, approved
August 10, 1846.
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill (S. No. 202)
authorizing the President to withdraw his
acceptance of the resignation of ft. H. Lam-
son, late lieutenant United States Navy, with
amendments, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
for the appointment of a joint committee to
inquire.into the condition of affairs in the late
insurrectionary States, with an amendment, in
which.it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also returned to the Senate, in
compliance with its request, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 31) granting the right to erect
a monument to Professor Morse on a Govern-
ment reservation.
enrolled bill sigxed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 244) relating to condemned can-
non for a cemetery at San Francisco ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
mouse monument.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to the
joint resolution relative to the erection of the
Morse monument, being House joint resolu-
tion No. 81, the Chair desires to state that the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who
is not in his seat, wished the Senate to recede
from its amendment, which amendment was
to change this joint resolution to a bill. If
there be no objection the amendment will be
regarded as receded from. It is so ordered,
n. ii. i.amsox.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the Senator from
Mississippi proceeds, I ask the Senate to con-
cur in the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to Senate bill No, 202, which is
on the table. It is a matter simply as to the
appointment of a young man to a lieutenancy
in the Navy. I should like to have it acted on
now, as I have to leave the city this evening.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 202) authorizing the President to withdraw
his acceptance of the resignation of R. II.
Lamson, late lieutenant United States Navy.
Theamendments were to strike outthewords
" withdraw his acceptance of the resignation
of" and insert in lieu thereof "nominate"
before "R. H. Lamson;" and also to strike
out the word "late" and. insert in lieu thereof
"a;" so as to read;
Be it enacted, <£-c That the President of the Uni-
ted States bo, and ho is hereby, authorized to nom-
inate it. H.Lainson a lieutenant in the United States
Navy.
The amendments were concurred in.
joint committee on southern disorders.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe there is on the
table an amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to our concurrent resolution provid-
ing "for a joint committee to investigate the
condition of the South, which amendment
relates only to the number of members of the
committee, and as to making the expenses
payable out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate icstead of out of the contingent fund of
both txouses. That is of no consequence,
because we shall have to make an appropria-
tion in the pending appropriation bill for the
expenses of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better lie
on the table until to-morrow.
Sir. ANTHONY. Allow me to ask the
Chair whether this concurrent resolution will be
placed before the Senate to-morrow morning?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, at the
opening of the session to-morrow under the
twenty-fourth rule.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of Mrs.
Colonel J. Kearney be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas
P. Mitchell be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of Samuel
Gardner betaken from the files of the Senato and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Lewis
Johnson & Co. be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Caleb
White and B. A. Thomas be taken from the files of
theSenate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
P. Bovie bo taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heirs
of Joshua Chamberlain betaken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, aaked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 280) for the relief of Wil-
liam P. Russell; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 281) to construe sections two, three, four,
five, and six of the Army appropriation bill,
approved^ March 3, 1871; "which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 282) to exempt the circulation of the Real
Estate Bank of Virginia from taxation; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
report of a committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 185) to
provide for the construction of a building for
the use of the custom-house, post office, United
States courts, internal revenue, and other civil
offices in the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
reported it with an amendment.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. VICKERS submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 19) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
senators erom alabama and georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to submit a report
from the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions, which I should like to have read, as it
is in but a few words.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Privileges and Elections, to
which wore referred the credentials of George Gold-
t nwaite, cla lining aseat in this body as a Senator from
too State oi Alabama, and tho credentials of Foster
jjlouKett, claiming a seat in this body as a Senator
troni the State of Georgia, reports:
That said credentials are in due form and prima
facie entitle said Goldthwaite and Blodgett to their
seats upon taking the oaths prescribed by the Con-
stitution and laws, neither of them being under any
disability.
The grounds on which their right to seats is con-
testedhave not been fully considered by the com-
mittee for want of time, nor will there be sufficient
time at this session to consider them. In the opin-
ion of your committee it would be unjust to those
States and gentlemen to keep the latter out of
their scats until such investigation can be had.
The committee, therefore, report the following res-
olution.
Resolved, That George Goldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take seats in this body
upon taking the proper oaths, and that the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections proceed here-
after to consider the grounds on which their rights
to seats respectively are contested, and hereafter
makereports to theSenate thereon.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
O. P. MORTON,
II. HAMLIN,
B. F. RICE.
Woconenrin the following as to Goldthwaite, but
not as to Blodgett.
JOSHUA HILL.
A. G. TIIURMAN.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the resolution
of the committee 
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not nowbefore the Senate, unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HILL. I ask that a brief of the argu-
ment for the protestants in Mr. Blodgett's case
be printed in connection with this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nevada consent to that proposition?
Mr. STEWART. 1 have no objection to
printing it.
Mr. HILL. It is a succinct statement of
tlie-case, and a very clear one.
Mr. STEWART. It does not come from
the committee.
Mr. HILL. No ; but it was agreed there
that it should be printed.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
printing it, but I wish to have early action on
this resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Why can we not adopt
it now?
Mr. HILL. Not to-day. It can be acted
on to-morrow, perhaps. I wish to have this
document printed first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business
regularly before the Senate is the resolution
introduced by the Senator from Rhode Island
as to the business of the session.
Mr. STEWART. I give notice that I shall
call up in the morning hour to-morrow the res-
olution reported from the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island is before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Ames] is entitled to the floor.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Missis-
sippi gives way to rae that I may move 
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Min-
nesota is rising, I know, for the fell purpose
of moving an adjournment or an executive
session. I was in hopes that we should get a
vote upon this resolution to-night, and I trust
now that the Senator from Minnesota will post-
pone his motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. We ought to have an ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator from
Mississippi desire to address the Senate upon
this resolution rather than upon the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the desire of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that I should move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of executive business. I should like to oblige
my friend from Rhode Island, but I insist on
my motion that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I give notice to the
Senate that I shall expect them to remain in
