■878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
sion of the court, and perhaps through the
whole vacation between the terms of the court.
He reports to the court thai a certain witness
refuses to answer a question and the court find
the fact to be so, and the witness fails to purge
himself of the contempt. What does the court
do? It orders that man into custody until he
answers that question before the master.
Although the term may adjourn that very day
or the next day, the man goes into imprison-
ment until he answers that question before the
master who sits in vacation. That is a thing
of common occurrence. It has occurred a hun-
dred times, perhaps, within less t,ha,n a, century
in this very country. It is a common occur-
rence. Take the case that has attracted so
much attention in New York, the case of the
recent command to officers of the Erie Rail-
road Company to deposit certain books and
papers with a receiver of the United States
circuit court. What did the court do? The
•court ordered the contumacious party to be
imprisoned until he did deliverthe books, with-
out any reference whatsoever to the sessions
of the court, but he was to deliver them to a
certain designated person; and whenever he
should deliver them to that person then the
same authority that ordered his imprisonment
ordered his discharge, for the event had hap-
pened upon which his discharge was to take
place.
Another reason for this rule is, that the
refusal of a witness to answer is a continuing
offense. It is not his refusal to day at all; it
is a continuing offense. Every day that he
refuses to answer is a continuation of his first
offense; and for that reason also the rule to
which the Senator from Massachusetts refers
does not apply. In fact, when Cushing is
speaking here in the passage which the Sen-
ator read, he is speaking of imprisonment by
way of punishment and of nothing else, for it
is one hundred pages or more after that when
he takes up the question of a witness refusing
to auswer. What he is speaking of here when
he says the imprisonment must end with the
session is where the imprisonment is a defi-
nite punishment for an offense committed, and
not an imprisonment as a means of compelling
a witness to answer. That is the authority
which has been produced, and a hundred
pages after that he comes to the consideration
of the question, what is to be done with a wit-
ness who refuses to answer?
Mr. President, perhaps on this subject the
whole argument is iu a nutshell. Has this
Senate authority to appoint a committee and
authorize it to sit during vacation ? If it has
no such authority, then any witness who com-
mits perjury before such a committee is not
liable to any punishment at all, for the com-
mittee had no jurisdiction. Is that so? Your
Committee on Retrenchment under your rule,
beforeyoueeasedtoappoint it, while itexisted,
had authority to sit anywhere within the Uni-
ted States during the vacation and to take
testimony. It did sit for a large portion of
the vacation between every session when that
committee had an existence. It took vast
volumes of testimony. It reported to you
about a year ago three or four hundred pages
of testimony that it took during the vacation,
some in New York, some in San Francisco,
and some elsewhere. If a witness had sworn
falsely before that committee, was he not
liable to be indicted for perjury? He certainly
was not liable to be convicted of perjury if
this Senate has no power to authorize a com-
mittee to sit iu the vacation of the Senate.
Mi. PATTERSON. With the Senator's
permission, I would like to state a case which
came before that, very committee, and ask his
judgment upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from New
Hampshire?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. It was brought to the
knowledge of the Committee on Retrenchment
that there had probably been corruption in one
of the Departments of the Government. The
Secretary at the head of that Department had
been trying for two years to get testimony
from a witness residing in Chicago. As chair-
man of that committee I was requested to go
to Chicago and get that testimony if possible.
On reaching Chicago I took with me areporter
and a police officer and went to the house of
the person who had this knowledge, and that
person refused to testify until a lawyer could
be consulted. I went with him to the lawyer,
and the lawyer counseled him not to give the
testimony because he was not obliged to crim-
inate himself.
1 read the law which was read here yester-
day to the Senate, which showed that a witness
could not avoid giving testimony on the ground
that it would criminate himself, and also pro-
viding that his testimony before the committee
should not be used against him in court. Still
the lawyer counseled the witness not to testify.
I said to both that he could give the testimony
or not as he pleased, but that if he did not give
it I would report the case to the Senate of the
United States, and that the witness would be
put into custody and held there until the testi-
mony was given. And then the testimony was
given, which showed that a high officer of the
Government had taken $7,000 to get a case
through the Treasury Department.
But now, sir, if witnesses can~go scot-free
when they refuse to testify before our com-
mittees I want to know what fear or what
motive can be brought to bear henceforth on
witnesses who may be induced to refuse to
testify. There is a case in hand before us.
You may say and others maysay that the pub-
lication of matters before the Senate is a dif
ferent case from that which I have stated. I
do not know but that it is just about as bad
for a newspaper to offer money for documents
which the Senate has before it in confidence,
and which the Senate has refused to give out,
especially if that document be a treaty which
the Seuate has refused to make public—I do
not know but that it is as bad for a newspaper
to authorize its agent to give $1,500 for a treaty
as it is for an officer of the Government to
take $7,000 to get a claim through. So far as
the morality of the thing is concerned I think
there is but little to choose between the two ;
and I honor these agents more than I do the
parties who employ them. They have done
little more, I suppose, than all their guild would
have done. But, sir, I pity the man who can
justify the morality of a public press in en-
deavoring to corrupt its agents and induce
them to steal improper information.
Mr. TH URM AN. Mr. President, I was try-
ing to make a close, logical argument of the
law; 1 do not know whether I shall succeed
or not; but one thing is very certain—and the
instance cited shows the wisdom of the pro-
vision—-that you can appoint committees to
sit in vacation. No one, I think, will dispute
that. So you can clothe them with power to
take testimony, and if perjury is committed
in the giving of that testimony the person
giving it can be found guilty of perjury and
punished for that perjury in the courts. If a
witness refuses to testify, as in the case stated
by the Senator from New Hampshire, the Sen-
ate would commit that witness. In the case
which he mentions the witness of whom he
speaks would have been undoubtedly impris-
oned until he did testify if the Senate thought
it was a ease that required such extraordinary
measures. That would be a question for the
Senate to decide upon the facts of each par-
ticular case.
Well, then, if you can authorize a commit-
tee to sit in vacation, and if you say to that
committee, " Take testimony on a particular
subject," and if that committee, ithaving been
appointed and holding its first session during
the session, reports to you that a certain wit-
ness has been asked a proper question and
refuses to answer it, I do say that it is within
the constitutional power of the Senate to say
to that committee "Continue to sit," and it is
within its constitutional power to say to the
witness, " You must be imprisoned until you
give that testimony," and when he does give
the testimony it is the order of the Senate that
discharges him as much as it was the order of
the Senate that committed him.
This, I take to be the law of the case, and I
do not think that any authority has been pro-
duced against it. On the contrary, the prac-
tice of the courts is so, and so far as I know—
at least I know nothing to the contrary—the
practice of all legislative bodies is so ; for you
must all the while remember the distinction,
to which I have so frequently called the atten-
tion of the Senate, between an imprisonment
that is for punishment, and which always is
for a definite period, and an imprisonment
which is a mere means of compelling a party
to obey the law. to perform his duty, to give
testimony, to answer a proper question that
has been asked him. And really it is of very
little force to say when that case comes toward
the close of a session we cannot continue the
committee and cannot impose the imprison-
ment until the witness has answered the ques-
tion.
Mr. President, so much for that. I do not see
that much light is shed on this matter by talk-
ing about kneeling at the bar of the Senate.
That may be a good fact upon which to found
a very fine rhetorical sentence or the like ; but
what in the world has it to do with this ques-
tion which is now before the Senate as to its
constitutional power? Nothing in the world.
I am just as much in favor of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts as he is,
and T so expressed myself. I am in favor of
it because I go upon precisely the same ground
that is contained in the extract that he read,
but which I had read before him, namely,
that whenever the question is, shall you pro-
ceed with the law to its utmost extremity in
order to compel an answer? that is a question
which requires most grave and serious consid-
eration. It does not follow at all because you
have arrested a witness and brought him to the
bar of the Senate that you shall indefinitely
confine him in order to make him answer the
question. That is a noil sequitur. For the
reasonswhich I have already stated, and which
I will not weary the patience of the Senate
with repeating, in my judgment we ought not
to exercise our full powers in this case. We
ought not indefinitely to imprison this man,
for that is what the adoption of the resolution
in the form in which it is offered will amount
to. We ought not to do that for reasons that
it is not necessary at all to repeat. I do think
that if these men do not answer before the end
of this session we ought not to prolong their
imprisonment to an indefinite time. I am
therefore in favor of the amendment,, but 1
will not support it on grounds that I believe
to be untenable and to be bad law.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say a word on this question, and I
do not intend now to prolong the discussion ;
but it is hard to sit here and not be forcibly
impressed with the apparent blindness evinced
by some of the arguments that are gravely
advanced before the Senate.
It is said that this rule of secrecy is an
old rule and an absurd rule, that it works
no good purpose, and that it ought to be
abolished. That may be true. I am not dis-
cussing the propriety of the rule. I never
cared much for it; I never prized it very
highly, certainly in its practical workings.
But Senators should remember that when we
come here we come sworn to obey this rule
with all other rules of the Senate. Out honor
is pledged to each other in as high a degree as
it can be under any circumstanccs, that we
will observe the rules of the Senate, and the
rules themselves denounce against us the pun-
ishment of expulsion if we violate this partic-
ular rule. Now, is it possible that it can here
