174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
visions of thisaet; and the marshal and his depu-
ties, and the persons so appointed, shall be paid for
their services the like fees as may be allowed to such
officers for similar services; and all good citizens are
hereby commanded to aid and assist in the prompt
and efficient execution of this law, whenever tbeir
services may be required as aforesaid for that pur-
pose, under the pains and penalties hereinafter pro-
vided; and said warrants sha.U run, and be executed
by said officers, anywhere in the State within which
tney are issued; and said commissioneis may call
upon the President of the United States, or upon
euch person as may be in command of the nearest
land or naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia, or such part thereof as he may deem neces-
sary, to enforce the complete execution of this act
and the lawful orders and process of said commis-
sioners, and with such forces may cause to be pur-
sued, arrested, and tield for examination and trial all
persons charged with a violation of the same, and
enforce the attendance of witnesses on such examin-
ation and trial, and withsuch forces may cause to be
disbanded and dispersed all combinations of persons
conspiring and banding- together for the purpose of
violating any provision of this act; and said call for
aid upon the military or naval forces or militia shall
be promptly answered by the commander thereof
until he shall be otherwise ordered by the President,
under penalty of being punished tor such neglect
of duty and the requirements of this act as lor a
high misdemeanor, as hereinafter provided.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted. That whoevershall
be found on the public highway, or on the land or
near the dwelling occupied by another, in any dis-
guise, whether armed or unarmed, alone or in com-
bination with others, with intent to do any injury to
the person or property of another, or in numbers,
either armed or unarmed, with intent to terrify,
frighten, or overawe any person or persons, so as to
hinder or preventthem from the peaceful enjoyment
of their legal rights privileges, or immunities, under
the laws and Constitution of the United States,shall
bedeemed guilty of abigh misdemeanorif theoffense
is committed in the day-time, or of a felony if the
same shall be committed in the night-time, and
shall, upon conviction, be punished for such misde-
meanor or felony as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That whoever,
being disguised or armed, shall, with the intent set
forth in the preceding section, break or enter any
building of another, or shall shoot at such building
with any fire-arm, or shall set fire to, or threaten to
set fire to, any building of another, or shall assault
or threaten to assault, or shall beat, wound, bruise,
or ill-treat any person, shall, if done in the night-
time, ho or his associates, or either of them, being
armed, be deemed guilty of a felony; and if such
offense is committed by numbers combined together,
each and every person so combining, whatover part
may have been taken by each, shall be deemed and
held to be principal therein; and if any homicide
shall ensue, or arson of a dwelling-house shall by
either of the persons so combining he done, each and
every offender shall bedeemed to be guilty of a cap-
ital felony at common law, and upon arrestand find-
ing by the commissioners of probable cause, shall
be committed to close custody of the marshal for
trill, without bail or mainprise, and on conviction
shall be punched as hereinafter provided.
Skc.C. And be it further enacted, That, whoevershall
confederate, combine, or conspire together to coerce,
hinder, or compel any person or persons, citizens
of the United States, by any means whatsoever, to
do any act, or to refrain from doing any act, which
such person has a lawful right to do or refrain from
doing, or 4o injure any citizen of the Uuited States
in his person or property or rights of property under
the laws anJ Constitution of the United States, be-
cause he hps done or refrained from doing any act
that he has a right to do, or refrain frourdoing,
shall be deemed to be guilty of ahigh misdemeanor,
and on cpnv;ci'.on be punished therefor in the man-
ner hereinafter provided. And whoever shall come
from one State o * judicial district of the Uuited
States into another State or judicial district of the
United States for the purpose of doing any act or
thing inhibited by the provisions of this act, may be
arrested in any district of iho United States where
he may be found, and sen*; for trial to the district
where he shall have command said act; and upon
the allegation in the indictmoit for such offense that
the person so offending came /rem any other State
or judicial district for the purp.\st? of doing any of
the acts herein inhibited, being fou^d by the jury on
trial, he shall be deemed and held .fuUty of a felony,
and on conviction be punished ys bortjnafter pro-
vided; but if such allegation shall r,ov bo found by
the jury, then ho shall be puniskec! ia the s.imo
manrei as is provided herein in case of a o'tnen of
the tSutaor judicial district where the oifease was
eommitud.
Sec. 7. And be ii further enacted, That vboever
shall intimidate, treat with violence,reiiLQ to em-
ploy, discharge from employment, threaten wuh
personal harm or Injury in property any citi^i of
the United States vuth intent to hinder or re^tra'n
such citizen of the free exercise of any right as<susl\
citizen, under tho hew is: and Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, or who sh vll do either of the acts las*,
above mentioned to any citizen of the United State*
because of his having freely exercised any of his said
rights as «uoh citizen, shall be deemed to have been
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, in addition to the
other punishment hereinafter provided, shall be
liable, at the suit of the party injured, for all dam-
ages by him sustained in consequence thereof, to be
recovered by suit in the circuit court of the United
States for the district whero such offense was com-
mitted.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That whoever
shall, without due process of law, by violence, in-
timidation, or threats, take away or deprive any
citizen of the United States of any arms or weapons
he may have in his house or possession for the de-
fense of his person, family, or property, shall be
deemed guilty of a larceny thereof, and be punished
as provided in this act for a felony.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That whoever
shall join or become a member of any secret organ-
ization wherein an oath as hereinafter described is
required to be taken, or shall, as a member thereof,
administer or take any oath or affirmation or other
obligation, oras such member be present when such
oath, affirmation, or other obligation shall be admin-
isered or taken, binding or requiring any person to
commit or conceal, or aid in committing or conceal-
ing any of the offenses described in this act, or re-
straining any person from disclosing any act or offenso
made penal by this act, or binding or requiring any
person to shield or aid in any manner any offender
against the provisions of this act, he shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and upon conviction punished as
provided in this act for such offense.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That whoever
shall counsel, aid, or abet the commission of any
offense set forth in thia act, or who shall knowingly
conceal, or aid in concealingtnesame.oraid in con-
cealing the offender or offenders, or shall hinder or
obstruct any officer in causing accused persons to be
arrested, or being arrested shall rescue or aid in res-
cuing any accused party, or who shall instigate or
counsel such rescue, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be punished in the same manner and to the same
extent as a principal in the offense so aided, abetted,
counseled, concealed, or attempted to be concealed,
or with which the party rescued or attempted to be
rescued stood charged, and may be tried, convict-
ed, and punished therefor, whether the principal
offender has been arrested or tried and convicted
or otherwise.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That whenever,
in either of said States, any citizen of the United
States shall suffer loss, damage, or injury in his
person or property because of any of the offenses
declared in this act, when committed by any combi-
nation or number of men, whether disguised or
otherwise, armed or unarmed, acting in concert, the
person so suffering loss, damage, or injury may bring
a suit in the circui tcourt of the United States against
the inhabitants of the county, city, or parish, if in
the State of Louisiana, in which the unlawful acts
of which he complains may have been done, as if
the inhabitants were a corporation, and in case of
the death of the party injured his wife or next of kin
may bring such suit, to whom also the action shall
survive if death happens after suit brought, and
shall recover against said defendant in the suit the
full amount of said loss, damage, or injury, to bo
assessed by a jury in said court, and judgment shall
be entered upon the verdict, unless the same is sot
aside for good cause, with cost of suit, and execution
be issued thereupon, which shall run against and
maybe levied upon and satisfied out of the goods
and estate of any individual inhabitant of thedefend-
ant county, citv, or parish, at the election of the
plaintiff; and the person whose property shall be
so taken or levied upon shall have remedy for reim-
bursement over and above his just share, against one
or more of his co-inhabitants, by bill in equity for
contribution, to which, upon themotion of any per-
son interested, the city, county, or parish maybe
made a party. If, upon the trial, it shall appear
that the perpetrators of the offenses from which tho
injury, loss, or damage happened have not been
brought before the State courts and tried and pun-
ished for such offense, it shall be the duty of the
judge of said circuit court to enter judgment for
double tho amount of damages found by the jury,
and issue execution therefor, with costs of suit.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That whoever
shall be convicted of any offense named and deemed
in this act as a misdemeanor shall be punished by a
fine not less than 1500 nor more than $1,000, and im-
prisonment not less than six months nor more than
one year, at the discretion of the court. Whoever
shall be convicted of any offense named and deemed
a high misdemeanor in this act shall be punished
by a fine not less than SI,000 nor more than $5,000,
and by imprisonment not less than one year nor
more than five years, at the discretion of the court.
Whoever shall be convicted of any offense named or
deemed a felony in this act shall be punished by a
fine not le?-s than §5.000 nor more than $10,000, and
imprisonment at hard labor not less than live years
nor more than twenty years, at the discretion of the
court. Whoever shall be convicted of any offense
named and deemed a capital felony in this act shall
be punished by hanging by the neck until he be
dead, at such time as the court shall order. And
the circuit court of the United States shall have
exclusive jurisdiction of all the offenses, recog-
nisances, suits, and proceedings named and described
in this act, to bo exercised when sitting in or for
any district in which such offense may have been
committed,or ofany cause in which plaintiff orcom-
olainant in any suitor proceeding resides, or incase
if recognizance in the district wherein the same was
taken and returned, and all proceedings upon such
recognizance andjudgmentsthereonshallbe accord-
ing to the course of the common law. And thecom-
missioners above named shall have concurrent juris-
diction with judges of tho circuit and district courts
j j.United States within their respective circuits
and districts, hi term time as well as vacation, to
cause to he arrested and stayed all violators of any
of the provisions of this act. Aud all costs, fees, and
expenses of commissioners, of officers, clerks, wit-
nesses, and parties undor this act shall be certified
by said circuit courts as in other civil and criminal
cases in such courts.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That if, upon
any examination or tiial of any person for either of
the offenses set forth in the fourth, fifth, sixth, and
seventh sections of this act, under any provision of
the same, it shall appear in evidence that the ac-
cused was disguised oracting inconcert with others,
either armed or disguised, or that actual violence
and injury was done to the person or property of a
citizen of the United States, without previous provo-
cation thereto, by any unlawtul act by the party
injured toward the accused, the fact of such acting
in concert with others being disguised or armed, or
of such violence done, shall be deemed and taken
to be prima facie evidence of the guilty intent set out
in either of said sections as charged in the plaint or
indictment.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
of insurrection or obstruction to the laws, either of
the United States or of any individual State or Ter-
ritory, by combinations too powerful to be suppressed
by tho ordinary course of judicial proceedings, and
in all cases where the constituted authorities of any
such State or Territory shall fail or refuse to so exe-
cute the laws theieof as to secure to all persons the
equal protection of the laws, it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States, in addition to
the powers now vested in him by law, to employ
such part of the land and naval forces of the United
States as shall be judged necessary to suppress such
combinations and to cause the laws to be duly exe-
cuted; and this, although the Legislature and Exec-
utive of any such States may omit or ref U3e to call for
such forces.
Sec. 15, And be it further enacted. That the clerks
of the circuit and district courts respectively in
each judicial district in theStates named in the first
section of this act, together with the marshal of the
proper district, shall constitute a jury board, whose
duty it shall be, in one of tho autumn months of
each year, to determine, as nearly as may be, the
numberof jurors who are likely to be required to
serve as grand and petit juiors of each of said courts
for said district respectively for the ensuing year,
and thereupon they shall proceed to select from the
citizens of the several counties in said district, who
shall besober and judicious men, not disqualified
under existing laws, a number of names equal to tl ve,
times the number of jurors agreed upon and fixed
on frr the year, and they shall cause said names to
be plainly written, with the residence of each juror,
upon separate slips of paper, and plac9 the same
in the box hereinafter described, as the body of citi-
zens from whom all jurors, for both circuit and dis-
trict courts respectively sitting in that district for
the ensuing year, shall be drawn.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the marshal
of each district upon receiving from tho circuit or
district court a writ of venire facias or other legal
authority to summon jurors for either of said courts
shall, in the presence of theclerk of the district and
circuit courts respectively, after thoroughly mixing
said slips, open said box and draw therefrom in succes-
sion, without seeing said slips, as many names as he
shall be authorized to summon to serve for each court
respectively, a list of which names shall be taken by
the clerk of the district and circuit courts, respect-
ively,and by him be posted insomeconspicuous place
of his office. When the marshal shall have completed
the drawing of the requisite number of jurors, he
shall carefully lock the lid of said box, and, keeping
the key in his own possession,shall leave the box in
the possession of the clerk of the district court, and
shall proceed to summon the jurors whose names
have been drawn, by written notices served person-
ally, or by a copy left at the residence of each juror, at
least twenty davs before the return day of his writ;
and any of said jurors who, having been duly served
with said notice, shall neglect to appear, and unless
excused by the court to serve as a juror, shall bo
liable to a fine as for contempt of court. In case the
panel of jurors in attendance upon any of said courts
shall be exhausted by reason of challenges or other-
wise, so that the court is obliged to order talesmen
to be summoned, the marshal, instead of summoning
bystanders, shall cause said box to be brought into
court, and in open court shall draw therefrom not
less than five names for each talesman that is wanted,
of which names the clerk shall preserve a list; and
the marshal may bring in any one of the men most
convenient, so drawn, to serve as a talesman. And
the name of no juryman who has been summoned,
and who has served at one term of court, shall be
replaced in said box for the period of two year3, and
no juryman shall bo summonedor permuted to serve
in any of said courts whose name has not been duly
drawn from said box, but the names of all jurors
who have been drawn and served, but have not
attended, may bo replaced in said box.
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That said jury-
box shall have an aperture large enough to admit a
man's hand to draw out slips, one at a time; and
said aperture shall be covered by a closely fitting
lid, with hinges at one end thereof and a lock at
the other; and said boxes shall be kept at all times,
except when produced in court or before the jury
board as aforesaid, in the custody of the clerks of
the circuit court?, but the keys of the looks of said
boxes shall at all times be in the exclusive custody
of tho marshals of the several districts.
Sjlc. 18. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall insert names into any such box, or abstract
them therefrom, except as hereinbefore provided,
or who shall break or injure any such box, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion thereof before either the circuit or district court
in the district in which such offense shall bo com-
mitted, shall bo punished by a fine not exceeding
