1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
but when he assumes either that any chairman
of a committee, but especially that our hon-
ored associate the chairman of this committee,
would be so recreant or inhuman as not to
convene the committee, or when he assumes
that the committee thus convened would refuse
or neglect to respond to the summons, then I
submit to him, not meaning to be discourteous,
that he carries the argument so far that it has
no probability to rest upon.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in reply to
that I have simply to repeat that this resolution
does not make it obligatory or even suggest
that this committee shall meet between the
adjournment of this session and the beginning
of the next. I have not assumed that the
Senator from Wisconsin would not jail the
committee together. I have said it was left
in his power and discretion; and can that be
denied?
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President. It
is in my power to go stealthily behind the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana and inflict an
injury upon him. He does not suppose 1 would
do it. So it is in the power of the Senator
from Wisconsin to do many a thing which he
ought not to do and which therefore we know
he would not do ; and upon the same reason-
ing it is in his power to commit an enormity
or an omission so flagitious as would be this ;
but he never will do it as we know, unless we
are to reverse the presumption applicable at
least to public officers that they will do their
duty in place of violating their duty. That is
the answer to it.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer as a substitute for this
amendment the following:
If said, committee shall fail to meet for ten days
after the chairman shall have been notified by the
officer in charge of such witnesses that they are, or
that either of thein is willing to answer the ques-
tions they have heretofore refused to answer, then
such witnesses shall bo discharged.
Mr. CONKLING. That is fair.
Mr. CARPEN TBR. That I will accept.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be accepted,
because it is a substitute for the other amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. Let me call the attention
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, as he wants
it in proper form, to the fact that the resolu-
tion now under consideration relates to one
■witness. His proviso relates to two.
Mr. CONKLING. It can be changed in
that respect.
Mr. SCOTT. I was under the apprehension
that the resolution applied to both witnesses.
If it applies to but one, let the language of my
amendment be put in the singular.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No answer has
yet been made by Mr. Bamsdell, and his case
is not before the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania a question, whether his
amendment would not detain the witness ten
days after he was ready to purge himself of
contempt?
Mr. SCOTT. That would be only a reason-
able time for assembling the committee, and
itwillalways be in the witness's own discretion
to determine how long his imprisonment shall
continue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, and then the proposed substitute of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thdrman] is to
insert as a proviso at the end of the second
resolution:
Provided, That if at any time said committee
shall fail to hold a session at Washington city for
the space of one week, and to give notice thereof to
said White, it shall be the duty of the Sergeant-at-
Arms to discharge him from custody.
The amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is to strike out all after the word
'• provided " and insert:
That if said committee shall fail to meet for ten
days after the chairman shall have been notified by
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 56.
the officer in charge of said witness that he is willing
to answer the Questions he has heretofore refused to
answer, then said witness shall be discharged.
Mr. CONKLING. "And other proper ques-
tions;" not only the questions he has hereto-
fore refused to answer, but other proper ques-
tions.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes ; put it in that form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will write out the proposition; and as it affects
the liberty of a citizen, he will read it again,
before it is voted upon, to the Senate, so that
it shall be specifically understood.
Mr. HILL. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania whether he had not better point
out in his proposition some mode for giving
notice to the committee. Are they to be noti-
fied at their homes; or, if not there, where?
I suppose they are not expected to stay at
home all the time waiting for the notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Georgia that that could be arranged by
providing in the resolution that the committee
should attend at the office of the Sergeant-at-
Arms at all times to be ready to receive the
notice. [Laughter.] They might be com-
mitted with the prisoner.
Mr. HILL. I thought something similar to
that had been voted down. If the Senator
wishes to make that proposition he can do so.
[Laughter.] I do not intend to do it myself.
1 thought perhaps there was some understand-
ing about this matter. We do not expect the
Sergeant-at-Arms to go to the houses of the
members of this committee.
Mr. CONKLING. We might put in, as is
done in regard to absconding debtors, that the
notice should be left at the last or usual place
of abode.
Mr. HILL. That might do; it might suit
very well during the summer, for there is no
telling where you will find a man during the
dog days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the substitute of the Senator
from Pennsylvania as it has been modified,
and he will see whether it is exactly in the
form which he desires.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That if said committee shall fail to
meet for ten days after the chairman shall have
been notified by the officer in charge of said witness
that he is willing to answer the questions ho has
heretofore refused to answer,and other ruoper ques-
tions, he shall then be discharged.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that there should be a grammatical correction
there: "Provided that the officer shall be
notified that said witness is willing totestify,"
&c. It now reads that the officer is willing.
Mr. SCOTT. It is that the officer shall
notifv the chairman of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
see the correctness of the suggestion from the
Chair that this matter should be distinctly
understood by every Senator before it is voted
upon. The Senator from Vermont has made
a suggestion; does the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania accept it?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from \ ermont
is mistaken in making the suggestion. The
intention of the amendment is that the officer
shall notify the chairman of the witness's will-
ingness to testify.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It reads thus:
" shall be notified by the officer in charge of
said witness that he is willing."
Mr. CONKLING. He, the witness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then put
that in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania accept the modification or
not?
Mr. SCOTT. I will certainly accept any
modification that will clear up the intent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must decide for himself whether he does or
does not accept it.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. Just change it so as to say, 'shall
be notified of the willingness of the witness to
answer."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania accept that?
Mr. SCOTT. I accept that.
Mr. MORTON. It provides that he shall
be notified that the witness is willing to answer
the questions which the Senate have decided
he shall answer, '' and other proper questions.''
In other words, his liberty is to be made to
depend on answering questions that have not
yet been propounded to him and that this Sen-
ate has never decided he should answer.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no, Mr. President,
if the honorable Senator will pardon mo; that
is the effect of the resolution now. This part
of the resolution is simply to convene the com-
mittee, the Senator will see, and that conven-
tion occurs when the witness shall say that he
is ready to answer. The objection which the
Senator makes resides, if at all, in the reso-
lution now, not in that part which the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to
add. That is simply as to an indication of the
witness upon which the committee shall be
summoned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Indiana that there is no objection on that
particular score even from his point of view,
because if the witness answers those questions
which have been decided to be proper ho has
purged his contempt. If he also expresses a
willingness to answer any other proper ques-
tions, when he is called upon to answer a
further question, and he decides that it is a
question which he is not bound to answer or
will not answer, the committee cannot hold
him at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It only shows his state
of mind.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask to have the res-
olution read again. I think it states that when
he shall signify his willingness to answer the
questions already propounded and which the
Senate has decided he shall answer, and his
willingness to answer other proper ques-
tions 
Mr. CONKLING. Then what? Then the
committee shall come here.
Mr. MORTON. But if he does not say he
will answer other questions that have never
been propounded the committee is not to
come. I ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
read as modified.
Mr. MORTON. The substitute of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is what I want to have
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Scott, in these words:
Provided, That if said committee shall fail to meet
for ten days after the chairman shall have been noti-
fied by the officer in charge of said witness ot the
willingness of the witness to answer the questions
he has heretofore refused to answer and other proper
questions, he shall then be discharged.
Mr. MORTON. My objection is well taken.
He must express his willingness not only to
answer the questions for refusing to answer
which he is held in contempt, but " other
proper questions" that have never yet been
proposed to him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, and so he
ouo-ht; that is, he ought to express his will-
ingness to obey the law. Then when it comes
to the question of whether he does answer
a proper question afterward, that is a PO]nt
which the committee cannot determine. If he
answers the questions that the Senate have
provided for, he is then the judge for the time
being of what is proper, and the committee
cannot imprison him after that; and every-
body knows it.
Mr. THURMAN. That dependson the terms
of the resolution offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin. I ask that that be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution of the Senator from
