176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
NORTH CAROLINA JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill (H. R. No.
205) to establish a western judicial district of
North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
GEORGE C. IIAYNIE.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
206) for the relief of George C. Haynie; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ROBERT I, D BURCIIFIELD.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
207) for the relief of Robert L. D. Burchfield ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
SECURITIES OF GREEN W. CALDWELL.
Mr. SHOBER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
208) for the relief of the principal and securi-
ties to the official bond of Green W. Caldwell,
late sunerintendentof the branch mint at Char-
lotte, North Carolina; which was read a first
and second time, and referred'to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
NORTH CAROLINA INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WADDELL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of North Carolina, asking Con-
gress to make an appropriation for the removal
ofobstructionsfrom Cape Fear river and Pam-
lico river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
JOHN DAWSON.
Mr.WADDELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 209) for the relief of John Dawson; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
PROCEEDS OF COTTON SALES, ETC.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
210) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refund certain moneys erroneously cov-
ered into the Treasury arising from the sales
of property seized in violation of instructions
from the Treasury Department and held in
contravention of a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent that
this bill be ordered to bo printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT ATLANTA, GEORGIA.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 37) relative to the courts, post
office, and revenue offices in the city of Atlanta,
Georgia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the mayor and postmaster of the city of
Atlanta, the judge of the United States district
court for the district of Georgia, the president
of the Board of Trade of the city of Atlanta,
and Robert Maddox, Thomas W. J. Hill,
James F. Alexander, W. T. Newman, C. L.
Redwine, Luther J, Glenn, Samuel McCatny,
Richard Peters, J. M. Gannon, Hiram War-
ner, and J. B. Avery, of Atlanta, Georgia, be
appointed a commission to select a propersite
for a building for a post office, revenue offices,
and fortheacommodation of the United States
courts in the city of Atlanta; that they report
to the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of the Interior at their earliest convenience the
selection upon which they or a majority of ihem
may agree, and the price at which such site can
be purchased by the Government for the pur-
pose contemplated in this resolution; and that
if the report shall meet the approbation of the
Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Interior, they shall communicate the same,
"with such additional suggestions as they may
think proper, to Congress.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. YOUNG also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 211) to remove the disabilities of certain
persons in the State of Georgia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 212)- to relieve from disabilities certain
persons in the second congressional district of
Georgia ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
BRIG SIICIIAEL ANNA.
Mr. McINTYRE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 213) to authorize the issuing of a certifi-
cate of registry to the brig Michael Anna ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MARCUS L. BILLINGSLEY AND LEWIS SOLOMON.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 214) for the removal of the political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment upon Marcus L. Billingsley and Lewis
Solomon, citizens of Georgia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
GRANT OP UNSOLD LANDS.
Mr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 215)
granting public lands which have been surveyed
and in market for more than twenty years to
the States in which such lands are located ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, 1IUNTSVILLE, ALABAMA.
Mr. DOX also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
216) appropriating a certain sum of money to
be expended in the erection of a building for
the purposes of a United States court-house and
post office at -Huntsville, in the State of Ala-
bama ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. CONGER. Almost every Monday we
get down so far in the call of the States, and
then it is stopped.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will wait until the call of the States
has been completed, when he -will be recog-
nized.
BISCAYNE COLLECTION DISTRICT, FLORIDA.
Mr. BUCKLEY introduced abill (H. R. No.
217) toestablish the collection district of Bis-
cayne, in the State of Florida; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LAND DISTRICT, FLORIDA.
Mr. BUCKLEY also introduced abill (II.
R; No. 218) to create an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Florida; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
MOBILE A.\D PESSACOLA RAILROAD.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
219) to aid in the construction of the Mobile
and Pensacola railroad; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
SAMUEL B. HUDSON.
Mr. SLOSS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 220) to relieve Samuel B. Hudson, of
Lauderdale county, State of Alabama, of all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States; which was road a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
THOMAS MORROW.
Mr. SLOSS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 221) to relieve Thomas Morrow, of Mor-
gan county, Alabama, of all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
222) to relieve certain persons therein named
from their legal and political disabilities; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. Ii. No.
223) to amend an act entitled " An act to in-
corporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Company
and to aid in the construction of its road, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 1871;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
EQUAL PROTECTION OF CITIZENS.
Mr. SHELLABARGER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 224) to secure to all persons within
the jurisdiction of the United States the equal
protection of the laws within the several States;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. LAMISON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 225) to amend section thirty-nine of an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
PENSIONS.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R._No. 220) to amend section nine of an
act entitled "An act supplementary to an act
granting pensions, approved July 14, 1862,"
approved July 4, 18G4; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
PILOTS OF MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. 1L No. 38) for the relief of the
pilots of the Mississippi squadron and their
surviving families; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEVENSON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 227) for the removal of all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, and
to promote peace and order; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee o.i the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
ABOLITION OF WHITE SLAVERY.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 228) to abolish white slavery in the Stales
lately in rebellion ; which was read a first and
second time.
_Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to hear that
bill reported.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &,! That on and after the 4th day of
July, A. D. 18(1, there shall be in the States lately
m rebellion neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except for punishment of crime, of or among
tho white denizens of said States commonly denom-
inated the Caucasian race as contradistinguished
xroni a higher caste of American citizens of Atncan
descent; and that said whitepeisons, a'? a special act
oi grace and mvor, shall forever have, hold, and pos-
sess, and shall as fully enjoy, ail the rights, privileges,
immunities, and franchises as The said dominant
colored or Ethiopian raco now enjoy and possess,the
same in all the late rebellious States as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States is hereby fully authorized
to employ all tho military force of the nation to
carry out the provisions of this act.
Mr. VAN THUMP. 1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, to
