1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
888
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will be kind enough to put his amend-
ment in writing.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggestto the Senator
in the meanwhile that he can save some writ-
ing by not reciting all he has said, but simply
saying, "the questions reported to the Sen-
ate." Of course those that have already been
answered, there can be no objection to answer-
ing again and no motive for answering again ;
so that if he says "questions reported to the
Senate" lie will answer his purpose.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
first resolution by striking out the word "close"
before the word "custody."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order after the pending amendment is disposed
of. The pending question now is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strikeout the
words "all proper questions put to him by the
said committee," and insert in lieu thereof
these words "the questions reported to the
Senate, and which he has refused to answer,
though directed by the Senate to answer the
s&m© "
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to strike out of the second reso-
lution the words indicated by him, and insert
the words which he has read.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that amend-
ment is proper. I accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] now moves to
strike out the word "close" before the word
"custody" in the first resolution, so that it
will read "in custody."
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope that wiil not
be done. If there is any difference between
"custody" and "close custody," what is
required is close custody.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no difference,
let it be stricken out.
Mr. CONIvLING. Yes ; there is a differ-
61 The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Del-
aware, to strike out the word "close;" so as
to read "in custody."
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 28.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkling] indicated an
amendment. Does he desire to offerit?
Mr. CONKLING. I care not to which res-
olution it is offered. I will offer it to the
second resolution if the Chair will be kind
enough to let the question be taken on the
first now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If a division is
demanded, the question must first be taken on
the resolutions separately and then on the
preamble subsequently.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one inquiry
on this resolution. I should like to know of
the Senator from Wisconsin whether he pro-
poses to proceed against the correspondents
of the New York Herald?
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to put
that question to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who is a member of the committee,
whether he proposes to do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. What I am about to say I
think the Senate will find proper. I know it
is in order. I am a subscriber to the New
York Herald, and have been for many years,
and my copy last night contained what pur-
ported to be the protocols. Looking at them
I am free to confess they had to me a very
familiar look. That is all 1 venture to say.
They were described as "the protocols." If
the Tribune has offended against the rules of
the Senate, so has the New York Herald.
And now, sir, I have to submit that this pro-
ceeding should not be confined to one news-
paper. If it is to be regarded as a punishment,
I object to its falling alone upon the Tribune.
If it ia to be regarded as an advertisement,
I claim something of that advertisement for
the Herald. [Laughter.] I think the Senate
should not advertise one paper alone. It
ought to advertise all that are in the same con-
dition, in casn consimili. It is plain, unless I
am entirely mistaken from the hasty glance I
gave to the Herald last night, that the Herald
is now in precisely the same predicament with
the Tribune.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me, I take it, with that statement he will feel
bound to present that subject to the com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. I feel bound to present it
to the Senate now. That is my present point,
because 1 wish the Senate to take notice that
whatever they do to the Tribune, whether in
the way of punishment or in the way of adver-
tising, they ought to do for the other paper
also—that is all; and I use it as an argument
against proceeding any further in this business.
I would not advertise the Tribune any more;
I would not punish the Tribune any more; but
if you persist in advertising it, and if you per-
sist in punishing it, I think you must do like-
wise with the other paper.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to him t)hat the
case against the Herald is rather stronger than
against the Tribune, for the Department never
published a synopsis of the protocol, nor has
the President, so far as I know, ever indicated
a desire to have it published.
Mr. SUMNER. No. The case against the
Herald is much stronger. Clearly the Herald
should be proceeded with on the precedent, we
are establishing to-day.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the precise ques-
tion now pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
and preamble are now before the Senate. The
Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling] indi-
cated a desire to have a divison. In that case
the resolutions will be considered separately
and then the preamble subsequently.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair and the
Senator will pardon me, I will now send to
the desk the amendment which I offered.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa is now entitled to the floor. Does he
yield ?
Mr. HARLAN. I intended to offer an
amendment to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-*
nizes the Senator from Iowa if he claims the
floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection.
This is an amendment indicated before, which
I think ought to go with the amendment
already adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield ?_
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the proposition
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Coxklixg, as follows:
And it shall be the duty of the Sergeaut-at-Arms
forthwith, when informed of the readiness of said
White to appear and answer as aforesaid to notify
every member of the committee thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have this resolu-
tion modified by striking out the substance of
the resolution as it now stands down to that
part of it which authorizes the committee to
sit during the recess of the Senate, and I have
framed my amendment after a similar resolu-
tion which v ,is adopted in the House of Rep-
resentatives in January, 1857, when another
case was pending something similar to this, but
of much more gravity. The subject of inquiry
on that occasion in the other branch of Con-
gress was a case of bribery of members, in
which a witness by the name of J. W. Simon-
ton refused to disclose certain facts that the
committee thought he ought to disclose. They
reported the facts to the House, and a resolu-
tion quite similar to that introduced by the
chairman of our committee on this occasion
was introduced into that branch of Congress
proposing to imprison in the common jail the
contumacious witness; but after considerable
discussion the House finally concluded that the
following was all that was proper in that case.
The proposition was offered by Mr. Orr :
"J. TV. Simonton having appeared at the bar of
the House according to its order, and the cause
assigned for the said contempt being unsatisfactory:
Therefore,
"Unsolved, That the said J. W. Simonton be con-
tinued in close custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
or, in his absence, by Mr. William G. Flood, during
the balance of this session, or until discharged by
the further order of the House, to be taken when he
shall have purged the contempt on which he was
arrested by testifying before the committee."
The occasion of that investigation was much
more grave than this ; it affected much more
deeply the honor of the members of that
branch of Congress; and yet, after full dis-
cussion, a majority of the Representatives of
the people did not deem it proper to imprison
the contumacious witness in the count# jail,
nor in the custody of the officers of the House
beyond the close of the session. Now, I in-
quire of my associates in this Chamber if there
is any reason involved in this case requiring
a more severe course? The subject of the
inquiry is not so grave as the other. The
offense committed by the witness, technically
considered, is precisely the same—the refusal
to answer a proper question.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question for information?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know whether
the history of that case shows whether Simon-
ton was discharged before answering one of
the questions?
Mr. HARLAN. I have not read the whole
of the history of the case as recorded in the
Globe. I will refer my honorable friend to the
Globe and he can look it up.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not have it read at
the desk? There is nothing else to do. Let
it be read through.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer not to have that
done until the Senator from New York has
taken the floor, and then if he wishes to have
this volume of the Globe, or any portion of it,
read, he may do so.
Mr. CONKLING. When I do it will be
merely for one reason, which will be to hasten
and facilitate the dispatch of that business
which the Senator has in charge. I mean the
treaty supposed to be pending. With a view
to save time for that I may read the whole
of it.
Mr. HARLAN. It is unnecessary for me
to remind the honorable Senator from New
York that I think he voted against my motion
to proceed to the consideration of that busi-
ness and has insisted on continuing the con-
sideration of the present business.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
allow me to remind him of a corresponding
circumstance, which is, that I have not occu-
pied one moment in this debate, having become
quite early content with repeated votes of the
Senate by yeas and nays, showing its determ-
ination on this question? If my honorable
friend has taken no part with the minority,
under whose administration about three days
have gone, then, I think, we are a good deal
alike; but what the resemblance is and what
the difference is he knows as well as I do.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not compare pro-
prieties with the honorable Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; it is not a
question of propriety.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose ho follows that
course which he deems it his duty to pursue
as a member of this body. I am doing pre-
cisely the same.
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt of it.
Mr, HARLAN, Following my own judg-
