178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
nacle of Galilean Fishermen of the District of
Columbia: which was read a first and second
time, and, with an accompanying petition,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
removal oe political disabilities.
Mr. WALLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
257) for the removal of the legal and political
disabilities of James H. Roper, William W.
Scott, and Henry B. Bradford, all of Alachua
county, Florida; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
purchase of lands.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 258) to authorize the Secretary of War to
purchase certain lands adjoining the United
States barracks at Barrancas, in the State
of Florida; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
land district in flokida.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 269) to create an additional land district
in Florida; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
samuel adams.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (FT. R. No.
260) to pay Samuel Adams for services ren-
dered in exploring the Colorado river and its
tributaries; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
land grants to wisconsin.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (FI. R. No.
261) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of a railroad in said
State; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 262) grauting lands to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Milwaukee to Lake Superior, via Green
Bay, Wisconsin; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
levi w. pond.
Mr. SAWYER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 263) confirming and extending a patent
right to Levi W. Pond and the Eau Claire
Lumber Company; which was read n first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to bo printed.
qkokge w. white.
Mr. SAWYER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 264) granting a pension to George W.
White; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
settlers in minnesota.
_ Mr. DUNNELL introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 40) relating to settlers upon
the public lands in the State of Minnesota;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
payment of bounty claims.
Mr. AVERILL presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, praying for ex-
tension of time for payment of bounty claims ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
light-house board.
Mr. AVERILL also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota,
asking for extension of the jurisdiction of the
Light-House Board to the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Ohio rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, aud ordered to be
printed.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. AYE RILL also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota,
relative to soldiers' bounties; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
minnesota mail route.
Mr. AVERILL also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota,
for a mail route from Carver to Henderson;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
duluth collection district.
Mr. AVERILL also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 205) to establish the collection district of
Duluth, in the State of Minnesota ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
charleston a port op delivery.
Mr. HEREFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 266) making Charleston, West Virginia, a
port of delivery; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
judicial districts.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 207) to amend an act entitled "An
act to change and define the boundaries of the
eastern and western judicial districts of Vir-
ginia, and alter the name of said districts, and
for other purposes," passed June 11, 1864;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 268) for the removal of the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments of the Constitution of
the United States from the persons therein
named; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HEREFORD also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
West Virginia, requestingits Representatives to
vote for the removal of all legal and political
disabilities; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that.
The SPEAKER. What is the objection?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He has
offered one, and the Chair cannot entertain
another bill from him, objection being made.
The SPEAKER. This is a joint resolution
of a State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
know that.
correction op boundaries.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 269) to authorize the correction of
boundaries of certain lands ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
relief oe settlers.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 270) for the relief of settlers on cer-
tain lands in the State of California; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Theeall having reached the State of Nevada,
Mr. KENDALL. I desire to move a sus-
pension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under this
call, cannot recognize the gentleman for that
purpose. The call of the States is now being
completed, through the indulgence of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
holds the floor to move to go to business on
the Speaker's table. The Chair will be happy
to recognize the gentleman afterward, at the
proper time, to move a suspension of the
rules.
claims in kansas.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
271) authorizing theappointment of a commis-
sioner and the settlement of the claims of cer-
tain citizens of Kansas named_ therein ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
lake washington canal company.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 272) to incorporate the
Lake Washington Canal Company; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
entry of public lands. '
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 273) relating to
the entry of public lands in the Territories of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
timber lands in california, etc.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 274) for the sale of
timber lands in the States of California, and
Oregon, and Washington Territory ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
iieiits of gervacio nolan.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 275) to confirm the title of the heirs of
Gervacio Nolan to certain lands in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
reimbursement of dakota.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 276) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to refund to the Territory of Dakota
the sum of $28,137 17, for expenses incurred
in protecting the frontier settlements during
the Indian rebellion of 1862 ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
sale of public lands.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 277) to extend to the Territories
of the United States the provisions of an act
entitled "An act to appropriate the proceeds
of the sale of public lands, and to grant pre-
emption rights," approved September 4,1841;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
john martin.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 278) donating ten sections
of public land to John Martin for services in
procuring water on a desert in Nerf Mexico:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
excise laws.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, also pre-
sented a memorial asking a modification of
the excise laws; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
protection from indians.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, also pre-
sented a memorial asking protection from
hostile Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
government of idaho.
Mr. MERRITT introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 279) to repeal section one of an act to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Idaho, approved March 3, 1863," approved
