884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
ment as the standard of the propriety of what
I am doing.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody is complaining.
Mr. HARLAN. I was about to observe,
Mr. President, that when this judgment was
arrived at by the immediate and direct repre-
sentatives of the people in a case entirely sim-
ilar there was, I think, no law providing for
the punishment of a contumacious witness, a
witness who had refused to testify before a
committee of Congress, by the courts of the
country. As there was no other mode of pun-
ishment, if more severe measures than those
that I have indicated would be proper at all,
they would have been proper in that case.
But succeeding this investigation Congress pro-
vided that whatever measure of punishment
should be inflicted should be arrived at by a
jury of the countrymen of the contumacious
witness.
Now, T think it would be well for the Senate
of the United States to follow this precedent
and mete out no greater measure of restraint
than would be meted out by the people them-
selves, as indicated by their immediate repre-
sentatives, and leave the people, under the
law as administered by the courts, to punish
the crime that this witness has committed. I
think this would be wise; and now I shall
approve the reproof administered by the hon-
orable Senator from New York to me for con-
suming one moment of time; but I would pre-
fer to have it applied to every member of this
body who lias insisted on consuming three
days with this investigation. More than sev-
enty million people are now waiting to know
what the Senate of the United States will
authorize this Government to do with ques-
tions that may involve peace or war between
two nations, and here we stand, day after
day, with what as compared with that will be
regarded by those whom we represent as of
very trivial consequence. With this I will
close my remarks and offer the amendment.
I move to strike out all that part of the res-
olutions down to the clause which authorizes
the committee to sit during the recess of the
Senate, and to insert in lieu of the words
stricken out the following:
Z. L.White having appeared at the bar of the Sen-
ate according to its order, and the cause assigned for
said contempt being unsatisfactory: Therefore,
Resolved, That the said 2. L. White be continued
in custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms during the bal-
ance of this session, or until discharged by the fur-
ther order of the Senate, to be taken when he shall
have purged tho contempt on which he was arrested
by testifying before the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have voted down that
proposition in substance three or four times
already.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. On this question I
am paired with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.] I should vote agairtst
the amendment, and he would vote for it if
here.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from South
Carolina [.Mr. Sawyer] and I are paired. If
he were here he would vote "nay," and I
should vote " yea."
Mr. WILSON. Iam paired with the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlix.] He, if here,
would vote " nay," and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 28; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill,
Morton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Viekcrs, and
Windorn—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds. Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Scott,
Sreven.-on, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, West, and
Wright—28.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Corbett. Cragin, Ferry of
Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner,
Thurman, and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer as a substitute
for the two resolutions the following:
Resolved, That the Vice President be, and ho here-
by is, directed to communicate to the district attor-
ney of the District of Columbia the fact of the offenses
committed by said White as hereinbefore recited, in
order that he may be prosecuted under the statute
in such case made and provided; and that said White
be now discharged Iroin the custody ol the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am paired with
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer]
on this question.
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,.]
If he were here he would vote "nay," and I
should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Ilill,Morton, Sprague, Tipton, Vick-
ers. and Windom—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Logan,
Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Scott. Stevenson, Stewart,
Stockton, Trumbull, West, and Wright—27.
AB.-iBNT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard,Blair,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Corbett, Cragin, Davis
of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamlin. Hitchcock, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont. Nye, Pomeroy,Pool. Ramsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Sumner, Thurman, and Wilson—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the preamble and reso-
lutions. If a separate vote is not demanded,
they will be taken together.
Mr. VICKERS. 1 offer an amendment to
strike out all after the word "whereas," in
the preamble, and to insert:
Z. L. White having testified that he did not receive
a copy of the treaty from any Senator, or officer or
employe of the Senate, either directly or indirectly,
thereby exculpating the Senate, its officers and
employes:
Resolved, ThatsaidZ.L. Whitebedischarged from
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish, as I am about to
leave the Senate Chamber, and I suppose the
Senate will soon be through with this business,
,to say that on all questions connected with this
matter I am paired with the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Vickers] as a substitute for the
resolutions.
Mr. WINDOJI, (at six o'clock p. m.) I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Vickers.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion either by way of substitute or amendment,
whichever shall be in order. I send it to the
desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves what will be read as a sub-
stitute or amendment. Which it is will be
indicated by the Secretary reporting it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the examination of each witness
now in contempt shall bo resumed by the commit-
tee, and wheneverin tbecourse ofthe examination
of either witness it shall appear from his testimony
to the satisfaction of the committee that the alleged
copy of tho treaty now before the Senate was ob-
tained by or came to him from a person whose name
is ascertained, buttvho is not a Senator, or officer or
employe of the Senate, then the testimony ascer-
taining such person shall be deemed to have been
given m confidence to the committee a,nd shall so
remain; that the committee shall report to the Sen-
ate that it does so appear to its satisfaction; and
thereupon tho witness who has so testified shall be
discharged.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I am very
unwilling at this late hour to occupy any time
in stating my reasons for this resolution ; and
yet I must ask the indulgence of the Senate
for a few words.
The object of the resolution is to observe the
limit prescribed yesterday by the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
adopted by the Senate. That limit was that
the inquiry of the committee as to the dis-
closure of the treaty should be confined to the
case of a Senator, an officer, or an employ^ of
the Senate. In other words, the Senate sig-
nified, in adopting that amendment, its purpose
not to go outside of this limit of inquiry. The
substance of my resolution is that whenever,
in the course of the examination of the two
witnesses now at the bar of the Senate, it shall
appear from the testimony that the copy of
the treaty was received from a person named
by the witness who was neither a Senator nor
an officer or eraploy6 of the Senate, and there-
fore not within the scope of the inquiry pre-
scribed yesterday by the Senate, the name of
such person shall remain with the committee in
confidence, and that upon the report of the
committee to that effect the witness shall be
discharged.
My objection to relieving the witness—and
I believe the objection of most_of the gentle-
men on this side who voted as 1 did—was that
I could not see, consistently with my ideas
of a proper inquiry in this case, how the wit-
nesses could discharge themselves by a gen-
eral statement, such as that made by them.
In other words, the witnesses merely offered
to declare upon oath that they had not
received the treaty directly or indirectly from
a Senator, or an officer or an emploje of the
Senate. To accept such a statement would be
to leave to the witness the right of deciding
the case. It would leave to him the right of
determining the judgment to be rendered. I
beg leave to say, with great respect for those
who differ from me, that such is not the func-
tion of testimony, either in the Senate, sitting
as a court, or any other tribunal. The duty of
the witness is to furnish the facts upon which
some other party—either the court or the jury,
as the case may be—shall render a verdict oi
a judgment. The Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] stated the precise point of the
defect in the offer of the witnesses when he
said that under the question of the committee
as to who furnished the copy of the treaty tho
witness was bound to give the name of the
person. In refusing to do it they denied the
first object of testimony and assumed the right
to defeat all inquiry by the Senate.
I think I appreciate fully the difficulty in
which the witnesses find themselves when they
set up an obligation which bars them from dis-
closing the name of the person from whom
they received the treaty. It has happened to
every man in the course of his life to have
received a knowledge of facts in such a way
that he felt himself precluded from declaring
them in public, either in court or elsewhere,
though he had no privilege behind which to
shelter himself. In our practice as lawyers
in the courts of law we know that such a case
has very often happened.
A witness upon the stand is asked a ques-
tion. He says he would rather not answer it.
"Why not?" "Because," he says, "I received
it under circumstances which have placed tho
seal of honorable silence on my lips, here or
elsewhere." He pleads no privilege known to
the law, neither as an attorney, nor as a physi-
cian, nor as a clergyman. What he says and all
thathe says is that honorably he cannot disclose
it. Of course that is a bar which tho law does
not recognize. It is the common case where
an individual finds himself bound in a way
which the law does not recognize—which can-
not impede the course of justice. What is the
solution? It is one which I have not seldom
seen, which every lawyer has seen. By the
consent of the counsel on both sides, the wit-
