1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
ness is allowed to state to the judge, in private,
the ground of his difficulty, the nature of his
honorable obligation, as he considers it. He
does state it to the judge in private. I have
rarely known a case where the judge did not
recognize the equity of the witness, and decide,
with the concutrence of the counsel, that the
witness should be absolved from testifying.
Now, sir, the case here is a stronger one
than the case of which I have spoken.
If the person from whom this treaty was
improperly obtained was not a Senator, nor
an officer of the Senate nor an em ploy 6 of the
Senate, we have declared that we have nothing
to do with the matter. We have announced
that we would not enter upon any such inquiry.
And, sir, for myself, 1 wish to say that I
consider that there are good reasons "why I
should not vote for any such inquiry. It is
enough for me to say in a general way that the
State Department, on grounds which are ail
satisfactory to itself, took a course in regard
to this treaty somewhat unusual, the result of
which was to give publicity, if not to the exact
language of the treaty itself, at least to all its
substantial provisions. I do not know that
any one in the State Department went further
than this. If any one did, we are not here to
inquire into it. i do not admit that the Senate
has not the power to inquire into any disclosure
of a paper or a proceeding which should be
secret. Enough to say now that the Senate
has resolved not, to inquire into the course of
any other department, of the Government.
Even were that otherwise, I mean to say that
if I knew to-day where the proof was of any
dereliction of the State Department I should
deem it to be better, for the harmony of the
several branches of the Government, for the
credit of the Government and of the American
people, that no such inquiry should be set on
foot. It will be easy to regulate the matter in
the future.
But, as I said, the inquiry being confined to
"what has been done by some member of the
Senate, or person connected with the Senate,
it seems to me clear that whenever in the course
of this examination the witnesses are willing
to give to the committee the name of some
person from whom they received this docu-
ment, which person is not a member of the
Senate nor an officer of the Senate nor an
employe of the Senate, then the investigation
ends and the witnesses are discharged.
Hence it, is that my amendment presents a
solution of this question which has occupied a
most inconvenient and inordinate portion of
the time of this session that ought to bedevoted
to a very different and, indeed, a higher object.
As a compromise of the difficulties, I trust it
will be accepted by the majority here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, being a substitute for the preamble and
resolutions. Is it offered as a substitute or
as an additional resolution?
Mr. CASSERLY. As a substitute, I sup-
pose.
• The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the preamble and resolutions. If
no division be demanded upon them the vote
will be taken on ihem together. [A pause.]
No division is demanded, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. MORTON. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, (when his name was
called.) I am paired with the Senator from
Massachusetts, Mr. Sumner, on this question.
If present he would vote nay," and X should
vote "yea."
Mr. COOPER, (when his name was called.)
On this question L am paired with the Sena-
tor from Missouri, Mr. Blair. If he were
here he would vote "nay," and I should vote
Mr. WILSON, (when his name was called.)
I am paired with the Senator from Maine.
Mr. Hamlin. If he were here hs would vote
"yea," and I should vote "nay."
The call of the roll was concluded.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 should like to have
permission of the Senate to make a single-
remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey asks unanimous consent pending
the roll-call to make a remark. Is there ob-
jection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 was in favor of the
resolution offered by ray friend and neighbor,
the Senator from California, [Mr. Casserly.]
I was desirous that the examination should be
continued, because the charge was made openly
here from the committee that they expected
to trace this matter to a Senator, and after
that charge was made I deemed it my duty
tocontinue the investigation. But I did not
think the witness should be imprisoned for not
answering questions which were not pertinent.
Therefore the substitute offered by the Sen-
ator from California, after having spoken to
several gentlemen on both sides of the House,
I thought would meet the case. As it now
stands I cannot vote in favor of the resolution
of the Senator from Wisconsin. I vote " nay."
The result was then aunounced—yeas 24,
nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Davis
of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont,Patterson, Pratt,Scott, Stewart,
Trumbull, West, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Mor-
ton, Saulsbury, Spraguc, Stevenson, Stockton, Tip-
ton, Vickers, and Windom—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Cooper, Corbett, Cr.tgin,
Ferry of Connecticut. Gilbert, lI<iinilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg,
Kelly, Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, llamsey,
Ilice, Iiobertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Sumner, Thurman, andWiison—32.
The preamble and resolutions, as adopted,
are as follows :
Whereas Z. L. "White appearing at the bar of the
Senate in thecustodyoftho Sergeant-at-Arms, pur-
suant to the resolution of the Senate of the KHh of
May instant, was required, by order of the Senate
then made, to answer the following interrogatories:
4 First. What excuse have you for not answering
the several interrogatories propounded to you by
members of the special committee of the Senate,
before which committee you were examined as a
witness on the 15th day of May instant?
'* Second. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee and answer all proper questions which
may be put to you by said committee touching the
disclosure, directly or indirectly, through any mem-
ber of the Senate or any officer or employe thereof,
of what purports to be n copy of the treaty of Wash-
ington now pending before the Senate in executive
session?"
And whereas said White was authorized by order
of the Senate, on the 17th day of May instant, to
answer said interrogatories this day; and whereas the
said White has delivejed his answer in writing to
said interrogatories, but shows no valid excuse for
not answering the questions put to him by said special
committee, and has not answered that he is ready to
appear before said committee and answer all proper
questions touching the disclosure mentioned in said
second interrogatory; and whereas the said witness
was also required by order of the Senate then made,
to answer certain questions which had been put to
hitu by said committee, and which he had refused to
answer, as shown by the report ot the committee,
and has refused at the bar of the Senate to answer a
portion of said questions which had been put to him
by said committee; and whereas the said Z. L. White
has not purged himself of the contempt wherewith
he stands charged : Therefore,
Be it resolved, Thai the said Z. L. White be com-
mitted to thecustody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, to be
kept by him in close custody unfctl he shall signify
his willingness to answer the questions propounded
to him by the Senate, and appear before said com-
mittee and answer such proper questions as may be
propounded to him by said committee ; and for the
commitment and detention of the said Z. L. White
this resolution shall be a sufficient warrant.
Resolved, That whenever the officer having said
Z. L. White in custody shall be informed by said
White that he is ready and willing to answer, as
aforesaicl.it shall be the duty of such officer to bring
him before said committee; and if ho shad duly
answer the questions reported to the Senate, and
which ho has refused to answer though required by.
the Senate to auswer the same, said committee shall
cause him to be discharged irom custody; and said
committee shall be continued during the reccss fol-
lowing the present session, and are heieby author-
ized to sit during said reeess, with all the powers
conferred by the original resolution of the Senate
under which said committee was appointed; Pro-
vided, That if said committee shall fail to assemble
within ten days after said witness shall notify the
Sergeant-at-Arms of his willingness to answer the
questions he has heretofore refused to answer, and
such other proper questions as shall be propounded
to hira, then he shall be discharged. And it shall be
the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms forthwith, when
informed of the readiness of said White to appear
and answer as aforesaid, to notify every member of
the committee thereof.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move now that Mr,
Ramsdell's case be acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Ramsdell
will present himself.
[Mr. Ramsdell was conducted from his chair
to the area in front of the Secretary's desk,
where he remained standing.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Ramsdell,
are you now ready to answer the interrogato-
ries propounded by me to you yesterday?
Mr. Ramsdell. I am ; and I send my an-
swers to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Do you desire
to read them yourself, or do you prefer to have
the Secretary read them?
Mr. Ramsdell. I prefer that they should
be read by the Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read them.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
I decline to answer the question of the honor-
able committee as to "where and from whom was
obtained the document purporting to be the treaty
of Washington," for reasons that must be apparent
to every honorable man. Having given my solemn
promise to the person that I would not reveal his
name, to break my word would forfeit my self-
respect and make me infamous in the eyes of my
professional associates. It has been the practice of
our profession not to disclose tho names of persons
furnishing information; it has been an unquestioned
right for neai ly a century. Incaseol' libelous pub-
lications. tho one furnishing the information is not
punished nor proceeded against. Untill amreleased
from my promise, which I believe I had a moral
right to give, Imuststill declincto answer the ques-
tion for refusing to answer which I am now before
the Senate for contempt.
I am willing to make oath before the committee or
elsewhere that I did not obtain what purports to be
a copy of the treaty of Washington from any Sen-
ator, or officer or employe of the Senate, directly or
indirectly; and I have no reason to believe that the
document came from a Senator. I also state that
the document from which the copy was made for
telegraphing was not aSenatedocument as thesame
was described to mo by the honorabjc committee.
II. "J. TRAMSDELIi.
[This written statement or answer was handed
to the Secretary.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I move the same res-
olution precisely that has been adopted in the
other case, changing the name.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Wisconsin that he
has a duty himself to perform before that. It
is to swear the witness and propound the ques-
tions again to him in accordance with the res-
olution adopted 011 the Senator's own motion.
The Witness. If the President will permit
me, I will, to save time, return the same an-
swers again.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (to the witness.)
By the resolution of the Senate I am required
to administer the oath to you.
The VICE PRESIDENT thereupon admin-
istered to the witness the oath that the answers
made to the questions propounded by the direc-
tion of the Senate should be "the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth;" and
said: If you desire now to waive the formal
repetition of these questions and to answer 
The Witness. I return the same answers
that I returned to the honorable committee.
Mr. CONKLING-. If I may make a sug-
gestion to the Chair and to the witness, I think
it had better appear, as I presume the fact is,
that the witness heard these questions pro-
pounded to the other witness, and therefore
says what he does now. having heard them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
prefer to follow exactly the order of the Sen-
ate made yesterday, although the witness him-
self has waived it, as the Chair supposes par-
ties in courts of justice may waive their rights.
The resolution of the Senate has ordered the
