1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
Friday, May 19, 1871.
The Senate met at ten o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
PUBLICATION OS TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. HARLAN. I regret that the chairman
of the committee appointed to investigate the
supposed disclosure of confidential matter to
the public is not here. Some members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Mr. FENTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that if any matter is to be brought
before the Senate in open session relating to
the subject before the investigating committee,
as I understand him to refer to that, he had
better defer it a few moments. Perhaps the
chairman will be in presently.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to move an exec-
utive session almost immediately, and will say
what I have to say in one or two minutes.
It was stated in the discussion yesterday and
the day before that certain advance copies, or
what were supposed to be copies of this treaty,
were communicated to some of the members
of the Senate before the treaty itself was com-
municated to the Senate after its assemblage
on the 10th day of this month  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Iowa that no notice
has yet been given to the public that any treaty
has been transmitted to the Senate, as no in-
junction of secrecy has been removed. The
public, therefore, are not aware by any action
of the Senate of the fact that a treaty has been
communicated to the Senate, or even that any
treaty has been negotiated.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged t.o
the Chair. If 1 have permitted any word to
drop which was not properly in order I did not
intend to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolutions adopted
yesterday advertise to the world the existence
of the treaty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No injunction
of secrecy lias been removed, the Chair will
state.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nor did those resolutions
advertise the world of any such fact.
Mr. HARLAN. I was about to observe that
it was stated in debate that copies of a certain
paper of the State Department were commun-
icated to a limited number of members of the
Senate, and that the text of that paper was on
certain sheets which were not similar to any
Senate document, and that the Assistant Sec-
retary of State had informed the investigating
committee of the exact number of those copies
which were printed by the State Department,
and was able to account for the disposition of
each one of them. It was also stated in de-
bate by members of that committee that they
thought, if the investigation could be permit-
ted to proceed in the line which they had
adapted", the disclosure would bo traced to
certain members of the Senate. I suppose
every one knows that the members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations are to some
extent in confidential relations with the State
Department. If any members of the Senate
had copies of any such paper it is probable
the members of that committee had copies,
and, as far as I have had an opportunity to
converse with the members of the committee,
they all concnr with me in the opinion that it
would be proper for this committee of invest-
igation to call on each one of the Senators
who are supposed to have had advance copies
of the paper, that they may be examined before
the committee.
I make the suggestion here to relieve the
members of that committee from any delicacy
on the subject. They probably would feel
themselves that it was due to the character of
the body that these members of the Senate
should be thus examined ; and the members
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, I am
3ure, as far ss I have conversed with them,
would not consider it any usurpation or any
indelicacy on their part to call on the members
of that committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Iowa that it was also commun-
icated in debate yesterday that there were
several copies outside of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and of course the same
reasoning would apply to all Senators who
received copies; because it was stated by
the chairman of this committee yesterday or
the day before, and in open Senate, that he
believed the investigation would reveal the
fact that the information came from a Sen-
ator; and it was further stated that several
copies were distributed to Senators, not con-
fined to members of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. Therefore, if the proceeding
is to come to an examination as to Senators,
of course it should include as well those out-
side of the Committee on Foreign Relations as
those of it. [" Certainly I " "Certainly!"] I
approve of the suggestion of the Senator from
Iowa, for I think there is a painful apprehen-
sion in the country that it may be, as my friend
from Massachusetts near me [Mr. Wilsox]
said yesterday, that it may have happened in
the way which has been suggested and may be
traced in that way.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose this intimation
coming from a Senator who is not upon the
Committee on Foreign Relations would be
received by the members of the committee of
investigation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that committee
do not need any such intimation to do their
duty.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I am glad
that my friend from Iowa [Mr. Haklan] has
made the request that those Senators who were
furnished with advance copies of the treaty of
Washington should be examined by the investi-
gating committee with a view to their vindica-
tion, as it affords me an opportunity to make
a statement, and suggest for myself, and, so far
as I have a right, for others, that every mem-
ber of the Senate appear before this csmmittee
for the same purpose.
I read from the Patriot of this city, in an
article referring to this investigation, as fol-
lows :
"Daring the last two days Mr. (Hrpentke and
Mr. Conklixg have been bold in declaring that if
the Senate would insist upon its rights and exert its
authority the committee would fasten the respons-
ibility of the act upon a Senator. And they have
not hesitated, in a semi-publie manner almost, to
Soint to Mr. Fkxtom, saying, in the language of
"athan to David, 'Thou art the man.'"
If Messrs. Cockling and Cabi'enter, or
either of thein, were present, I should ask
them to state to the Senate whether, in an offi-
cial, semi-official, or any other manner, they
had made statements or insinuations that would
warrant such publication. But, although they
are out of their seats at this moment, I can-
not allow the occasion to pass without saying
a word. I will simply state the facts.
I arrived here Wednesday, the 10th instant.
I was not favored with an advance copy of
the treaty, nor did I have or see an advance
copy, or any other copy, except as it was read
at the Clerk's desk, until Thursday afternoon
about three o'clock, when the Senate copy was
placed in my hands, full ten hours after it ap-
peared in the Tribune. Therefore the thought
by any one having opportunities for informa-
tion, as members of the committee had, that
I had anything to do with or knowledge of
the disclosures to the Tribune would have
been entirely unwarranted by circumstances
and most unkind.
The insinuation, without the least shadow
of justified suspicion, that I had anything to
do with it would have been as cowardly as
base. The positive charge would have been
no less infamous than wanton and ridiculous.
I am free to say that I should not thus char-
acterise the matter had it not come to me from
other sources than the Patriot that an attempt
had been made to connect me in some way
with this transaction.
Mr. President, in conclusion, I beg to ask
that every Senator have the opportunity to
appear before the committee and vindicate
himself, under such forms and solemnities as
the committee may prescribe.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. Before that motion is put,
I desire to say one word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable except by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of
the Senator from Iowa, I should like to say a
word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa yield?
Mr. HARLAN. For a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Iowa is withdrawn.
Mr. MORTON. I had designed to make a
statement on this subject myself, but after the
announcement from the Chair that this treaty
cannot be considered legitimately before the
public, I shall, perhaps, defer it for the pres-
ent. But I will say now that I am informed
that an attempt has been made to connect me
with the publication of the treaty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to say one word?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a member of this
committee. I am sorry that the chairman is
not present. I consider it due to those Sen-
ators who are making statements that I should
say that I was present at the entire investiga-
tion so far as it has proceeded before this com-
mittee, and there was not before the commit-
tee any testimony from any source pointing to
or indicating that any Senator had furnished
this treaty to anybody. No witness intimated
it, or said before the committee anything point-
ing to any Senator—the Senator from Indiana,
. the Senator from New York, or any other Sen-
ator. Another member of the committee is
present and can say the same.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana pardon me if I say a word?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire most completely
to confirm, what needed no confirmation, how-
ever, the statement of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. But I beg leave to call the
attention of the Senators to the fact that the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Cawenteu] has
stated two or three times, in the most pointed
and significant manner, that objections were
being made to this investigation, apparently
intimating that they were made from fear, and
that if it was allowed to go on this would cer-
tainly be traced to a Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be so. I
know nothing about it. All I mean to say is
that there was nothing before the committee
of that kind.
Mr. MORTON. I have heard from one
Senator—I believe he is not now present—that
he had heard that this treaty had come from
me. As I am prepared to make a very full
showing upon that subject, and will do so as
soon as the condition of this question will
allow me to do it in public, for I want to doit
in public, I shall content myself now by say-
ing that the intimation is an atrocious and
cowardly falsehood, and that there is not a cir-
cumstance of which I have any knowledge that
could even suggest such a thing to any man,
and that it has been made out of whole cloth.
And I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Indiana that if he
connects the intimation with the information of
a Senator on this floor, as he apparently does,
for he speaks of information obtained from a
Senator not now in his seat, his remarks are
not in order.
