1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
no injury can result from its laying over until
the committees are appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I would say to the gentleman
from Indiana that unless some such measure
as this is passed ati unfortunate state of things
will result. We will have provided for the
weekly publication of the illustrations of the
Patent Office under the supervision ot tliejoint
Committee on Printing, and yet from the time
this Congress shall adjourn until December
there will be no method whatever of getting
that supervision exercised so as to obtain the
weekly publication of theseillustrations. This
bill does not add one particle to the expendi-
ture. The expenditure will be the same whether
this bill passes or not. But it was believed
by the joint, Committee on Printing, and also
by the Committee on Patents of last Congress,
which originated the joint resolution, that
under the new system there would be a great
reduction from the original expenditure. This
is only to provide for facilitating the carrying
out of that measure. I agree with the gentle-
man from Indiana that nothing as a general
rule is so dangerous as this method of legisla-
tion, and I would not urge a case of which I
did not think I saw the full bearing myself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask my colleague whether, in the interest of
economy or otherwise, the carrying out of this
resolution will not cost $250,000.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it will cost a
penny. The joint resolution which has become
a law takes the place of the law which required
the publication of the Patent Office reports at
an expenditure of $250,000. Now, it is only
this joint resolution which takes the place of
that former law and is a substitute for it that
is interfered with by this bill. The joint res-
olul ion passed by the last Congress requires the
* publication of the illustrations weekly, under
the supervision ofthe joint Committee on Print-
ing. This bill merely proposes that whenever
the committee shall see fit they shall authorize
the Commissioner of Patents to discharge this
duty. That is all that is proposed by this bill.
As regards the joint resolution which the bill
amends I have nothing to say now, because
that is the law of the land.
Mr. BANKS. My impression is that there is
a difference of opinion whether the Commis-
sioner of Patents or the Committee on Print-
ing has the direction of the printing of these
illustrations, and that this bill only goes so far
as to authorize the printing under the direction
of the Commissioner of Patents, when it can
be more advantageously done for the Govern-
ment, and under such directions or limitations
as the Committee on Printing hereafter shall
impose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again
reported.
The bill was again read.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REISSUE OF NATIONAL BANK NOTES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 177) to provide for a reissue of
national bank notes, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
'the bill was read in full. The first section
provides that as soon as practicable, after an
appropriation shall have been made by law for
the purpose, the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall cause to be engraved and pre
pared, on such paper and of such form and
design as he may prescribe, circulating notes
for national' banking associations, and shall
issue the same to national banking associations
in place of the worn and mutilated circulating
notes of said associations, in accordance with
the provisions thereinafter prescribed; and any
additional issue of national bank notes that
may be made in pursuance of law shall be in
the new notes therein provided for so soon as
the same are ready for issue. The second
section provides that under such rules as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe the
Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and the officers of all national bank-
ing associations, shall forward for redemption
to the original bank of issue, or to its redeem-
ing agency, all worn and mutilated national
bank notes, and said bank of issue or its re-
deeming agency shall forward the same to the
Comptroller of the Currency, who shall destroy
the same and issue new notes in lied thereof,
as now provided by law. The third section pro-
vides that the officers of every national bank-
ing association shall cause the word "counter-
feit" to be plainly written, cut, or stamped
across the face of every counterfeit note which
may be offered to or may come into the pos-
session of said association.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the reference of
that bill to the Committee on Banking and
Currency when appointed. It is a bill involv-
ing the expenditure of half a million dollars.
Mr. POTTER. A million.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will hear me for a few moments, I think they
will consent to put the bill oil its passage.
The Committee on Banking and Currency of
the House last session had this subject under
consideration for a long time, and after very
careful consideration drafted this bill. Just
before the end of the session the Senate took
it up and passed it, the committee of the
House not having been called, and having no
opportunity to present it. The Senate passed
it without change, but it did not get reached
on our table. The Senate has taken it up this
session and passed it over again.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man is mistaken. The bill was attempted to
be passed under a suspension of the rules, but
did not get a majority vote in the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There was an
attempt to take it up under a suspension of the
rules, without debate; and even in that way,
as I remember, it got a majority vote, but not
two thirds.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think the
record will show the contrary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
desire to look at the bill they can do so by
sending for House bill, Printer's No. 45, which
I introduced a few days ago. There are three
sections in the bill. The last two sections of
the Senate bill are, word for word, the same
as the printed House bill.
Mr. ARCHER. The banks are to pay all
the expenses of this, are they not?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
will take the bill to which I refer, and allow the
Clerk to read the first section of the Senate
bill over again in their hearing, tiiey will see
all the difference there is between the Senate
bill and the printed House bill.
The Clerk again read the first section of
the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will allow me, I will state precisely what the
bill proposes. Congress inserted in one of the
appropriation bills last session an appropri-
ation of $70,000 for printing new notes in
place of the worn and mutilated notes of the
national banks, and so there is no appropri-
ation here. The Secretary of the Treasury,
during the last few weeks of the late session,
sent several communications to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, stating, among
other things, that it was a waste of money to
print any more new notes on the old plates,
many of which had been so frequently coun-
terfeited that the currency was in a very bad
condition and unsafe for popular use. He
stated that the twenty-dollar bills particularly
were so well counterfeited that for his part ha
could not tell the counterfeit from the genuine.
He sent to the committee a.list, which I now
hold in ray hand, of the different counterfeits,
the plates of which have been captured by the
Treasury Department. It is a long list, show-
ing that there is a large number of dangerous
counterfeits of these different notes now in cir-
culation among the people. And gentlemen
will find in the Globe of the 3d of March
documents showing that at present there is no
method by which the Secretary of the Treasury
can compel the national banks to assort and
return worn and mutilated currency for re-,
demption or exchange. Everybody knows that
it is for the interest of the national banks to
keep their notes out of their hands as long as
possible. And it is a matter of fact that few
banks have ever seen a tenth of their bills
since they first issued them. They naturally
push them off as far as they can.
The consequence is that the condition of the
national bank currency is getting worse and
worse by mutilation every year. Indeed, since
the national banks were organized not ten per
cent, of the whole volume of their issue has
been returned for exchange ; whereas during
the last year more than forty per cent, of the
greenback issue was exchanged. The green-
backs come back to the Treasury for reissue.
The national banks are not compelled to send
their mutilated notes here for redemption or
exchange, and their paper is therefore left in
circulation from year to year, growing con-
stantly more filthy and ragged, and thus making
it more difficult to detect counterfeits.
Under these circumstances the Secretary of
the Treasury asks that three things be done by
Congress. First, that hereafter when a worn
and mutilated note is sent in for redemption
it shall be reissued from a new plate, and thus
escape the danger from outstanding counter-
feits ; and in order to facilitate this exchange,
that there shall be a provision of law compel-
ling all the national banks to assort the notes
that come into their hands, and whenever they
come across a worn and mutilated bill they
shall send it back to the parent bank, which
bank shall at once redeem it and forward it to
Washington that a new note may be issued in
its place. In other words, it compels these
banks to take an active part, at their own
expense, in collecting and forwarding their
worn notes to this city to be canceled and
destroyed so that new notes may beissuedfor
them.
Again, the third and last section of the bill
provides what was provided by nearly all the
State laws in the days of State banks; that
whenever the officers of a bank shall receive
a counterfeit note it shall be their duty to
stamp, cut, or write the word "counterfeit"
across the face of the note, so that the people
may be protected against that note in the
future. There is no such law now, and the
officers of national banks do not practice it.
A provision is put in this bill to make it their
duty. Therefore, if this bill shall become a
law, it will do three things : it will to a great
extent protect the people against counterfeits;
it will compel the substitution of new notes in
place of the mutilated and worn-out notes
now in circulation ; and finally, it will save the
waste of the $70,000 which we have already
appropriated for printing on the old plates.
There is only one feature of this bill which
will probably occasion debate, for I take it
that all gentlemen will consent that the points
I have already made arc proper and feasible.
The bill provides in its first section that the
Secretary shall cause the engraving and print-
ing to be done in the Treasury Department.
As to the propriety of this requirement there
may be a difference of opinion in the House ;
and if any gentleman thinks that there ought
to be an amendment in this respect a motion
can be made to strike out the words "in the
Treasury Department." If those words be
stricken out, the Secretary of the Treasury
