1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
Saturday, May 20, 1871.
The Senate met at half past ten o'clock
a. m. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. .T. P.
Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. John F. Lewis, of Virginia, appeared
in his seat to-day.
publication op tk.i5aty op washington.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to qualify a remark made incidentally yester-
day while the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
was speaking iti regard to a treaty pending in
executive session. The Chair stated, ftnd stated
correctly at that time, that the Senate had not
by any direct vote removed the injunction of
secrccy from the fact that there was a treaty
pending before the Senate. The Chair desires
now to qualify that, remark. His attention was
drawn by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bultJ afterward to the fact that on Monday
afternoon a resolution was agreed to in execu-
tive session of the Senate, resolving as follows:
"That a select committee of five Senators be
appointed by the Chair, who shall investigate how,
and by whom, tho treaty known as the treaty of
Washington and other recent proceedings ot' the
Senate in executive session were made public."
And this resolution, at a suggestion which
the Senate will remember, in executive ses-
sion—the Chair need not state the reason—
with a subsequent resolution authorizing the
arrest of witnesses, was ordered to be made
public and the injunction of secrecy removed
from both. The Senate therefore, indirectly,
though not directly, removed the injunction of
secrecy on Monday afternoon from the fact
that a treaty was pending before them in
executive session, as they had made it the
foundation of certain proceedings. The Chair
desires, therefore, to qualify the remark he
made yesterday.
Mr. HARLAN. If I may be allowed a
word, I will say that I am sure the Chair would
not make a statement which he did not believe
to be exactly in accordance with tho facts, and
I supposed him to be right yesterday in what
he then said.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
not directly, but the Chair thinks they have
indirectly removed the injunction of secrecy.
Mr. MORTON". In view of that statement,
I will now say to the Senate what I intended
to say yesterday morning if it had not been for
the remark of the President of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Does not that depend upon the
intention of the Senate, rather than upon the
technical publication of it? I do not think
that there was any intention upon the part of
the Senate that "this construction should be
given to their action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The treaty has
not been disclosed, butthe Senate have resolved
and published to the world that there is a treaty
of Washington pending before the Senate, and
upon certaincircumstancesgrowing out of that,
not the treaty itself has been made public, but
the fact that a treaty is pending in executive
session has indirectly been made public by this
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I can make a statement,
perhaps, that will relieve all Senators who
received advance copies of this treaty from
any possible imputation that might rest upon
them.
The copy of the treaty published in the
Tribune was published from the final proof
issued by the State Department. In other
words, it was published from a proof issued
after the last changes in the treaty had been
made. The last changes that were made in
the treaty were made on the 4th day of this
month. The advance copy that was sent to
me was sent to Indianapolis on the 1st dayof
this month. I ask that a letter be read, which
I send to the desk, from Judge Williams, one
of the high commissioners, who understands
all about the treaty.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, May 19,1871.
Dear Sie: Referring to our conversation last
night, I have to say: that on or about the 1st day of
May a printed slip containing in substance the treaty
was sent to you at Indianapolis.
Some changes were made in phraseology at the
conference of the commissioners on the Itii instant.
All the words in the twenty-second article preceding
the words "itis further agreed," in the sixth lino,
were inserted at that conference, and were not in the
copy sent to you. Considering that there was a
diversity of opinion as to when the late rebellion in
this country commenced and ended, and preferring
to reserve the decision of that question exclusively
for our own courts, the words "during tho rebel-
lion " were stricken out of tho twelfth section, and
the words " during the period between the loth of
April, 1861, and the 9th of April, 1805, inclusive,"
inserted in their stead.
This change was also made after the copy was sent
to you in Indiana.
Yours, very truly,
GEORGE II. WILLIAMS.
Hon. 0. P. Morton, Senate, Washington, JJ. C.
Mr. MORTON. I will read from the twelfth
section, as published in the Tribune, the words
which were inserted on the 4th instant, at the
last meeting of the commission before the treaty
was signed. These words are contained in the
Tribune copy, showing that it was published
from the last proof: "during the period from
the 15th of April, 1861, to the 9th of April,
1865, inclusive." These words were not in
the first copy that was issued. In that the
words were, "during the rebellion." Then,
in the twenty-second section, the following
words were inserted on the 4th instant:
" Inasmuch as it is asserted by the Government of
her Britannic Majesty that the privileges accorded
to the citizens of the United States under article
eighteen of this treaty are of greater value than
those accorded by articles nineteen and twenty-
one of this treaty to the subjects of her Britannic
Majesty, and this assertion is not admitted by the
Government of tho United States."
These words are in the filial copy that was
issued from the State Department, and were
not in the first proof that was issued on the 1st
of the month. I have here [exhibiting it] a
printed copy of the New York Tribune of the
11th instant, from which I have read.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senator if the
treaty as it was published in the Tribune is the
same as the final copy of the treaty before the
Senate?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; the same.
Mr. PATTERSON. I understood one Sen-
ator to make a statement which would conflict
with that.
Mr. MORTON. The fortieth article was left
out of the Tribune by mistake, perhaps ; it was
omitted in some way; and then tho word
" genericallv" is not used, but the word
"generally"is employed by mistake. But
the words I have read from the Tribune were
put into the treaty on the 4th instant, and
were not in the first copy that was jgsued, as
stated by Judge Williams, showing that the
Tribune copy was printed from the final proof
that was taken. I received a copy of the final
proof on the Monday before the Senate met,
and the Secretary of the Senate can state what
became of my copy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
desires the Chair to say, in response to the
question of the Senator from Indiana, that
on Wednesday, May 10, in executive session,
after the treaty was communicated and read,
he went to the Senator from Indiana and asked
him if he had a printed copy of the treaty, as
the President or Secretary of State had not
sent a copy of the treaty for the Printer, and
he did not wish the original, which was signed
and sealed by the commissioners in their own
handwriting, to go to the Printing Office, to be
mutilated, as it necessarily would be when cut
up and delivered among the printers to be set,
and he desired to preseive the original for the
files of the Senate. 'The Secretary states that
the Senator from Indiana gave him his copy,
and he sent that copy by one of the sworn
clerks to the Printing Office, from which the
document printed for the Senate was printed.
Mr. MORTON. That is the fact, that the
only final proof which I had received from the
State Department, and which contain the words
I read from the Tribune, I gave to the Secretary
of the Senate, and the printing for the Senate
was done from that copy; so that from Wednes-
day at two o'clock until Thursday, when the
printed copy came in from the Printing Office in
octavo form, I had no copy of the treaty at oil.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. .1 hope the Senator will
pardon me ; I wish to say a word.
Mr. HARLAN. I will give way for a
moment, but I rose to move an executive
session.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
excuse me for a moment. I received a copy
of the State Department edition of the treaty
about fifteen minutes after twelve o'clock on
Monday.
Mr. MORTON. That was the final proof.
Mr. SUMNER. The final proof. I received
the copy of the treaty immediately after its
signature. I have that copy now; I had it on
my desk yesterday. I have to day left it at
home among my private papers. It has been
in my custody all the time, and I know that no
copy has been taken from it.
And now, if the Senator from Iowa will
excuse me, I desire just one minute of the
Senate, with the indulgence of the Chair, to
correct, what I think Senators will say I am
justified in doing, a statement in the paper of
this morning, which is, with a good deal of
formality, under the congressional head:
"The Semite wife in executivo session about six
hours. The Senators were unusually reticent latt
night, consequently but little was ascertained as to
tho proceedings. It is known, however, that Mr.
Sumner"—
Observe, "itis known"—
" occupied alarge part of the session in discussing
the merits and demerits of the treaty."
Then it goes on undertaking to say what Mr.
Sumner said. Now, I cannot say whether
I spoke or not, or what I said ; but I can say
and do say that the statement made here with
reference to anything that I may have said is
entirely erroneous. I never did make such a
speech as they put into my mouth.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the paper?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the Chronicle.
Mr. MOtiTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlax] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. IIARIjAN. I supposed the Senator
from Indiana had yielded the floor.
Mr. MORION. I want to state one other
fact, though it is not very important. I wish
to state that the copy of the treaty which I
received was sent to me on the 1st of the mouth
at Indianapolis. That copy, on Wednesday,
before I came to the Senate, and after having
received a perfect copy, was put into the fire.
I had no use for it, and did not care to have
it about. I ask the Secretary to read this letter
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Cleik read as follows:
1 was in Senator Mokton's roomatthe National
hotel in this cits' on Wednesday, the 10th instant,
about eleven a. m.
The Senator was sitting at his writing-table about
fifteen feet from the fire, and soon alter I entered
he took from a large envelope two documents, and
handing me one of them requested me to put it in
the fire. I burned it m his presence. I recognized
1 he document I burned from its external appearance,
having seen it in his hands on several occasions
during the previous week, and having been told by
him that it was the first proof copy of the treaty of
Washington which had been sent to him at Indian-
apolis, Indiana, but failing to reach there before he
had started lor Washington, had been forwarded to
him there.
The document burned was covered with marginal
notes, which I had seen him write on several differ-
ent occasions, on what he had told me was a pi oof
copy of tho treaty of Washington. It was printed
on folio paper, with a single column down the cen-
ter. After tho document had been burned he
remarked that he had received a new and complete
proof of the treaty from the State Department, and
wanted the other copy destroyed. I did not see tho
contents of the treaty at anv tune.
OHARLES S. TAFT.
