184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
may, in his discretion, as now, have all the
work done in New York by the bank-note
companies, or he may have it all done in the
Treasury building, or partly in New York
and partly in the Treasury building. For my-
self I do not particularly care which, whether
these words are left in or stricken out; but it
is just that I should lay before the House the
facts in regard to the subject of the expense,
to which the Secretary in his letter to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency has called
attention. That letter was written when it was
proposed to call in all the twenty-dollar notes
and all the ten-dollar notes, which together
make very nearly half of the entire issue of
the national banks, and issue new notes in
their stead because so many counterfeits were
afloat on these two denominations. That being
the proposition, the committee asked the Sec-
retary for an estimate of the eost of calling in
all the notes of these two denominations and
issuing in their stead new ones printed on new
plates. The letter of the Secretary, in reply
to the committee, is as follows :
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary.
January 25,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit a copy of a com-
munication made to mo by Mr. McCartee, chicf of
the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, under date
of the 23d instant, showing the cost of preparing
plates and printing national bank notes of the
denomination of ten, twenty, and fifty dollars each,
and of each denomination a number equal to the
number issued of such denomination lor all the
national banks of the countiy to the present time.
From this estimate it appears that if one impres-
sion be made by the New York bank-note companies
and the rest of the work be done at the Bareau of
Engraving and Printing, the cost will be $145,599 75.
If the work be done exclusively by the bank-note
companies at the rates heretofore paid to those com-
panies lor printing the national bank notes, the cost
will bo $647,900; and should the work be done ex-
clusively at the bureau in this Department, the cost
will be $383,OSS 75.
I have reason to suppose that the contracts made
some time since with the bank-note companies are
higher than we should be under the necessity of
making at the present time; but the work can no
doubt bo donecheaper at the bureau than elsewhere
for many reasons, the chief of which is that there is
no interest charged on the capital invested, and no
cxpenso incurred for rent, water-tax, insurance, or
profit to proprietors.
Should the appropriation be made, as I trust will
be the case, I respectfully advise that the Secretary
of the Treasury be left free to make such arrange-
ments for the work as may be deemed expedient.
My own opinion is thatone impression onlyshould
be made by the bank-note companies, as a check, and
that the rest of the work should he done in the
bureau the saving effected by doing all the work
here, in my opinion, being ot very little importance
as compared with the security of making one of the
bank-noteeorapanies and the bureau checks mutually
upon each other.
1 ouicht, perhaps, to mention that the estimate for
doing the work by the bnnk-notecompanies includes
the impress of tho seal, which by law is placed upon
the notes in the Treasury Department.
Very respectfully.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Bcuxktng and Cut rciivy, Jlouzvof lleprexcutalives.
It will thus be seen that, according to the
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury, it"
half the present outstanding volume of national
bank notes were drawn in and a reissue made
from new plates the work, if done wholly by
the New York bank-note companies at "the
contract rates, would cost $017,000; if the
work were done here at the Treasury Depart-
ment the cost would be $383,088 75, a saving
of nearly three hundred thousand dollars on
printing one half the outstanding circulation,
or more than half a million on the whole.
Now, on t,he score of economy, it is at once
apparent that a great saving would be effected
if the whole work could be done at the Treas-
ury Department; but in justice to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury I must add that in one
of his letters he expresses himself unwilling
to have the work ali done in the Treasury
Department, unless Congress shall authorize
the construction of a separate building, so that
a part of the work might be done under a
superintendence entirely distinct from the
other part, the 'two brandies being mutually
a cheek upon each other, just as now the work
of the New York bank-note companies is a
check on the Treasury and the Treasury work
is a check on the bank-note companies.
It will be remembered that in the regular
appropriation bill of last session the committee
inserted an appropriation of $200,000 for the
construction ot a separate building for this
purpose; but the provision was stricken out
upon a point of order that the building had
not been authorized by law. Hence there is
now no provision for such a building as the
Secretary thought necessary for this purpose.
I am somewhat in doubt whether we ought
to require that all this work shall now be done
in the Treasury Department, when the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has told us that he does
not approve of such a requirement unless' a
new building can be provided for this work.
But it would be clearly a measure of econ-
omy to erect the building; for in printing the
national bank notes alone more than twice
the cost of the building would be saved.
If any gentleman desires to move to strike
out the words "in the Treasury Department"
I will cheerfully yield for that amendment, so
that the House may act upon it, but I think,
on the whole, the clause had better remain. _
Aside from this single matter of possible dif-
ference, I do not see that any gentleman can
object to the passage of this bill. If seems to
me necessary for the protection of the people
against counterfeits and against a ragged, per-
haps infectious, mass of paper, which without
this law will daily grow worse and worse.
Depreciated paper money in its best and most
attractive shape is bad enough for the business
of the country to bear ; but when it gets into
such a condition as to poison the people'after
it has cheated them it is high time to adopt
some measure of reform.
I yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I happened to be
at the last session a member of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, before whom
this matter came. The question 13 not one of
appropriation of money from the Treasury, as
many gentlemen here seem to think. A refer-
ence to the banking law will demonstrate this.
I was a member of a sub-committee appointed
to visit the Treasury and confer with the Sec-
retary as to the printing of new notes in place
of the worn and mutilated currency. I came
to the conclusion, and I insisted on it in com-
mittee at the last session, that all this business
should be put under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Whether he prints the
notes outside of the Treasury, whether he has
a new building and prints them inside of the
Treasury, whether it be a matter of economy
or not, I am for holding the Secretary of the
Treasury responsible for the proper execution
of this very important work of printing the
national currency.
I am not in favor of this bank system. I do
not want now to perpetuate it. I would vote
to-morrow to abolish the whole of it; but as
long as these notes circulate among the people,
I am for putting this responsibility upon "the
Secretary of the Treasury, so that we may have
the very best protection for the people. For,
sir, the people, and not the banks, suffer by
this bad, mutilated, counterfeit circulation, and
when we legislate for a better circulation we
legislate in the interest of the people and not
in the interest of the banks.
I examined, Mr. Speaker, the differentkinds
of paper on which these notes have been or are
to be printed. It is within the information of
gentlemen on the floor who have been through
the Treasury Department that the Secretary
has adopted a peculiar kind of paper on which
the "greenbacks" are printed, a paper with a
peculiarly localized fiber, and there has been no
counterfeit of "greenbacks" since that pecu-
liar paper has been adopted, as the Secretary
has told us.^ Now the proposition is that the
Secretary of tho Treasury, under his own direc-
tion.in such manner and on such paper as he
may select, may print these national bank
notes; and if he prints them on this kind of
paper we will be rid and the people will be rid
of the great loss which accrues to them by rea-
son of the counterfeits which have been issued
so largely of the national bank-note circulation.
I give my sanction to this bill also because
it involves no expense to the people or the
Treasury; because it is in the interest of the
people to have these notes printed, and because
the people lose by the circulation of the pres-
ent dirty, bad, ragged, national bank notes ;
and although I am opposed to the whole bank-
note system, and although I believe there are
contracts now existing for the printing of bonds
and notes with other parties elsewhere, I be-
lieve the most economical and best way is to
allow the Secretary of the Treasury to have the
whole responsibility of this business, and to
print them out of the Treasury or at the Treas-
ury Department as he shall deem best.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, if I un-
derstand this bill it contemplates a measure
which involves a step in advance, favoring the
perpetuation of the national bank currency.
It contemplates the erection of a new buildiug
in Washington in which to print these notes
and carry on that branch of the business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It does not con-
template that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Itis to be followed, no
doubt, if it prevails, by a proposition to build
a new building. This is only one step of many
to be taken in that direction. If gentlemen
will read the first section they will see it is also
to be followed by a heavy appropriation. It
begins that as soon as practicable, after an
appropriation shall have been made by law for
the purpose, &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is not now
in the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. That has been stricken
out. The bill is not printed then?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Tho appropria-
tion has already been made.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Speaker,
my objection is to any action which tends
to the perpetuation of a national bank circu-
lation. I am aware that on this side of the
House I may be in a minority on that ques-
tion, and it may be in a very small minority.
Yet, I stand here to say that this system of
currency which we have is unnecessary. It is
an inferior currency, and ought not to be per-
petuated. Why should we have two kinds of
paper currency? Why not let this national
bank currency go by the board ? If it is worn
out, if it has become ragged and worthless, as
gentlemen say, then let it go. The gentleman
suggests that the people will lose by it. Not at
all. Let the Government issue in place of it.
some kind of currency like the *' greenbacks."
If we cannot duplicate the "greenbacks," let
the Government issue something of that sort,
and save theinterestonthebonds, which are the
basis of this currency. I shall therefore move,
Mr. Speaker, if I can be allowed to do so, to
strike out the first section of this bill. I want
to say further that I do not believe it is good
policy to put any unnecessary business in the
Treasury Department, to be carried on by jobs
and contracts, leading to the corruption that
is almost unavoidable in such proceedings.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not yield
to the gentleman to offer that amendment. I
now yield for a few moments to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I hope that the amend-
ment which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] has indicated that it is his pur
pose to offer when he has the opportunity
will prevail. As regards those sections of
this bill which provide against counterfeits,
and may afford protection to holders of bills,
there can be 110 question between myself and
either the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] or my colleague, [Mr. Cox.] I am
indeed entirely opposed to this whole system
of bank and Treasury-note circulation, and
