1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
would be glad to get rid of it and to get back
to specie payments if it could be gotten rid of.
But I agree that every precaution for the pur-
pose of making the circulation while it lasts
safe and clean and decent ought to be adopted
for the benefit of the people among whom the
notes circulate. My objection to this bill has,
therefore, nothing to do with these considera-
tions, but is founded upon the fact that this is
a scheme to change the whole system of en-
graving the great mass of the circulating notes
of the "country, and to create for that purpose
an institution here in Washington, requiring
a vast building and an immense expense, to
be attended by a great patronage, all to carry
on that work, which I believe can be a great
deal better carried on as it is now carried on
under the existing system.
Gentlemen who were in the House some-
thing more than two years ago remind me that
ou an investigation of this subject then had it
was determined that the best system for the
printing of those notes was the system now
pursued. By that system, I believe, one face
of the note is printed in New York and the
other face is printed here in Washington—a
system into which the Government was driven,
I understand, because of the abuses and frauds
which arose when it was attempted to prepare
these notes entirely here in Washington.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Is it not the fact
that the national bank notes are entirely printed
in New York ?
Mr. POTTER. I am not able to answer the
gentleman from my own knowledge. If he will
inquire of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] late chairman of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, he will inform him.
I understood that gentleman otherwise.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. My information is
that the work is entirely executed in the city
of New York.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
is right. On national bank notes the entire
work is done in New York. On the Treasury
notes the work is done partly in New York
and partly here.
Mr. POTTER. And I am informed that
as regards some of the bonds of the Govern-
ment it is found necessary for security to have
them printed in three different places. Now,
the security afforded by having the Treasury
and bank notes printed in different establish-
ments, each establishment acting, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio said, as a check upon each
other, it is proposed by this bill to do away
with, so as to bring the printing of all these
notes to Washington ; and the inducement to
this is to secure a new issue of these notes,
which can, however, be provided for by other
appropriate legislation. By this bill this new
issue of these notes is to take place here at
Washington, and in order that this may be
more securely made it is proposed that a new
building shall be erected here, which, I am
told by my colleague by my side, [Mr.BROOKS, J
who is a practical printer, cannot cost less
than SI,000,000. Then, after the building is
erected, its operations must, of course, be fol-
lowed by immense patronage. There will be
a large number of subordinates to be appointed
and kept at work here, and the whole thing
will tend to make the printing of these national
bank notes a permanent matterand to continue
indefinitely their issue. I am opposed to all
that.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
tells us it will cost something over three hun
dred thousand dollars to have the notes printed
here, and something over six hundred thousand
dollars to have them printed elsewhere. Now,
if the gentleman means in these figures to in-
clude interest on the cost of the building and
its equipment, the cost of the plates necessary
to engrave these bills in Washington, it is
evident that there must be a mistake in these
calculations; for the uniform result of the
experience of the country has been, not that.
Government does work better or more econom-
ically than individuals, but, on the contrary,
that it does it less so. If there are losses
or abuses they are sure to arise when the
work is being done by the Government. In-
deed, it seems to me that upon general prin-
ciples, as well as looking to experience, where
work of this kind has to be done it should be
done by private establishments, which can act
as checks on each other, the Government act-
ing as a check on all of them; and that to seek
to centralize the printing of the notes for the
national banks in Washington, like an attempt
to make the paper or the ink for the Govern-
ment, or to manufacture any of the other sup-
plies it may use, is a dangerous measure of
centralization, alike opposed to real economy
and to sound government. For every reason
of economy and upon every principle of good
government, do not let us concentrate any
more power, any more patronage, or any more
expenditure in this Federal Government, which
has already got a thousand times too much
power and patronage now.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.] I sent a moment ago to the document-
room to see if this bill is iu print, and I find
that it is not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, yes; it is
in print. It is Printer's No. 45.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is not
correctly printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I was going to suggest
to the gentleman that he let this bill go over
until to-morrow morning, and in the mean time
there can be enough copies of the bill printed
for us all to see it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ If the House
desires to adjourn I have no objection. It will
preventus, however, from considering the other
business upon the Speaker'stable. If the gen-
tleman desires to move to adjourn I am willing
that he shall test the sense of the House, but
I prefer to go on with the bill now.
Mr PLATT. I hope the House will not
adjourn.
Mr. PERCE. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. Is thisthe regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The House voted at the
close of the morning hour to proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and the bill which
the gentleman from Ohio holds the floor.upon
was reached in the regular order of business,
and it is precisely the regular order.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to move to suspend
the rules and introduce a bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have the floor,
and cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. If I can possibly do it, I
want to put the expense of the reissue of bank
notes on the national banks. They are great
monopolies, and they can afford to pay it better
than the people can.
Mr. PLATT. The banks have to pay the
expense under this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; that is a mistake.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest the following
amendment to the first section of the bill:
Add to the section as follows:
The expense ol which shall be paid by such na-
tional banking associations, in proportion to their
circulation, at such time and in such manner as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, without
any reference to the tax now imposed on such bank-
ing institutions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
to admit that amendment. I desire to say to
the gentleman that for the specific purpose of
paying all the expense of engraving, printing,
and issuing their notes, and for tbe purpose
of maintaining the Currency Bureau here, the
law which I hold in my hand, and under which
the banks are created, provides in express
terms for levying an annual tax upon them.
Out of that annual tax all the expenses hith-
erto have been paid ; and there are now some
$7,000,030 of surplus derived from the banks.
Mr. RANDALL. What did we do for the
banks? We established their credit and gave
them the money to deal with.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the pending mo-
tion?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not ray motion in
order to refer the bill to the Committee on
Banking and Currency ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stands cor-
rected. That is the pending motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will that bring up this
bill as unfinished business if we adjourn?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
House will pass the bill to-night. I will move
the previous question on its passage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will give me an opportunity to say
a few words.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How long does
the gentleman want?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. B'ive min-
utes.
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, I will yield
to the gentleman from New York for live min-
utes, with the understanding that I will then
call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me to offer my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman will yield to me after he has
yielded to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
if anything could surprise me at this paper
period of our history it would be now, when
we hoped for a resumption of specie payments
by those now in power, and when we look to it
for a certainty by the power to come hereafter—
if anything on earth could surprise me it
would be a proposition like this from the gen-
tleman from Ohio; to do what? To renew,
perpetuate, indorse, once more the whole
paper system, and for all time to saddle that
paper system upon the country.
Sir, beyond this, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] admits, and in an appropria-
tion bill, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will remember, there was a nest-
egg of $300,000, or more, for a printing estab-
lishment, for the printing of the public money,
to be located in the vicinity of the Treasury,
which could not be built for $800,000, cer-
tainly not for less than $500,000, and which,
when established, could not be furnished with
the costly, expensive, artistic, adroit, and won-
derful machinery of the money-printing depart-
ment, with all the steam apparatus necessary,
for shortof $500,000 more ; and though in tlrs
bill there is no such direct language, yet the
intent and meaning of it is the establishment
of a printing bureau that will cost the country
in the end at least $500,000. And this, too,
in an era when it is time, if we do not im-
mediately approach the resumption of specie
payments, that we begin to approach that
resumption and to provide the ways and means
therefor.
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] suppose that after
we resume specie payments we are going to
have an exclusively specie circulation and no
paper circulation at all?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
time will soon come, and it will come, when
this Government will cease to be the printer and
publisher of paper money, and when the work
of printing that money will go back to where
it came from, the States, under pome sanction
and protection, it may be, of the Federal Gov-
ernment. It is none of the business of this
Government to be enlarging its printing estab-
lishments or to add anything indirectly by its
sanction to their support and encouragement,
and for the further issue of paper money by
the Government.
Sir, to vote for this bill is to vote to perpet-
uate the whole system ot paper money, and
the countrv will so regard it. If we begin
here the establishment of another printing
bureau we shall vote directly to sanction the
extension of our paper-money system, and to
