892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Jerry of Michigan, Flanagan. Ereling-
buysen. Harlan, Howe, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
1 ratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Spencer, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas. Kellogg, Kelly, Morton, Bice, Saulsbury,
Schtirz, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Viok-
ers. Wilson, and Windom—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Ferry
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Bill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pool, Rob-
ertson, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Xhur-
man, Trumbull, and West—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. PRATT, 1 ask that leave be granted
to withdraw the memorial and accompanying
papers of Marcus Reynolds, of South Carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
been an adverse report?
Mr. PRATT. I will state that there was a
bill pending at the second session of the Forty-
First Congress. The committee were divided.
There were two reports, the report of the ma-
jority, and the minority submitted their views.
The bill failed in that Congress. It was rein-
troduced at the first session of the present Con-
gress. Those are the circumstances. I have
consulted this morning with the chairman of
the committee, and he is not opposed to this
motion.
The PRESIDENTjoro tempore. The order
will be entered, there being no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the Sec-
retary be ordered to keep copies of all papers
that are withdrawn where there has been any
dispute in the committee whether there has
been a formal adverse report or otherwise, so
that we shall know what has been done.
Mr. PRATT. Certainly there is no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
has been made.
IUSLEASE OF RECUSANT WITNESSES.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
resolution discharging, on the adjournment of
the Senate, Mr. White and Air. Ramsdell.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Wilson on
the 22d instant was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-iVrms of tho Sen-
ate be, and ho is hereby, directed to discharge Z. L.
White and II. J. ltamsdoll, now held in custody by
him- by an order of the Senate, immediately upon
the final adjournment of tho special session of the
Senate.
The PRBSIDENT^jro tempore. The ques-
tion is " Will the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution which lias just been
read ?"
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the
chairman of the special committee of invest-
igation whether the committee have taken any
steps to ascertain who has been for years the
regular reporter of the executive sessions of
this body.
Mr. CARPENTER. The testimony which
has been taken by the committee thus far will
be reported in the course of half or three quar-
ters of an hour to the Senate. It is now being
prepared, and will then bo before the Senate.
Precisely what it shows can then be ascertained
by any man here on inspection.
Mr. CHANDLER. My reason, Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Tim PRESIDENT pro Urn/port. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. NYE. 1 think if the report of the com-
mittee is to be made in half an hour or three
quarters of an hour we had better go into cxec -
utive session now without acting on this reso-
lution. Let us wait until we hear the report.
In the intervening three quarters of an hour
we can do our executive business and leave
this matter for further consideration. I hope
that this suggestion will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada make any motion?
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Is the motion debat-
able?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Wisconsin if he will be pre-
pared to report the testimony in half an hour
or an hour?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir; bythattime
the committee will report the testimony they
have taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I have the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Michigan to yield
the floor to the Senator from Nevada to make
a motien that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will yield for that pur-
pose ift'ke Senator desires to make that motion,
but I have not yielded up to this time.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from Michigan
desires to act before we have the basis of action,
very well.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I yield to the Sen-
ator for the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Michigan to yield
before.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do so now.
Mr. WILSON. If we go into executive
session 
Mr. CAMERON. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. WILSON. I simply wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. 1 ask whether, if we
now go into executive session, the resolution
before the Senate will not be the first thing in
order on coming out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be,
without any motion. The Senator from Nevada
moves that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI LEVEES COMMITTEE.
Mr. SPENCER. While the doors are being
closed I ask leave to offer a resolution :
Resolved, That the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi river be authorized to sit duriDg
the recess of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent,"and agreed to.
PAGES OF TUB SENATE.
Mr. RAMSEY. While the doors are being
closed I hope we shall pass the resolution for
the benefit of the pages which I offered the
other day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
indicated by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Ramsey on the 2-3d j
instant: i
Resolved. That the pages of the Senate receire
their per diem compensation from tho 1st of May
until the 1st of June next.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The doors were thereupon closed, and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
After four hours spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened.
RELEASE OF RECUSANT WITNESSES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] for the discharge of Z. L. White and
H. J. Ramsdell is before the Senate, upon
which the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chand-
ler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to move to lay
aside the pending business and take up the
resolution fixing the time of adjournment, and
when we have acted on that, we can send a
message to the President to inquire if he has
any further business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield the floor for that
purpose?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont, to take up the resolution rela-
tive to final adjournment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any privilege
about that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan gives way to the Senator
from Vermont, who moves to postpone the
consideration of the pending question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion is debatable,
I believe?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
in regard to that. I have no doubt that the
very moment the question now pending is acted
upon we may immediately adjourn sine die.
A formal message to the President of the Uni-
ted States_is not necessary at an executive ses-
sion of this kind. There are precedents pro
and con. Sometimes the message has been
sent and sometimes the Senate have adjourned
sine die without it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like the honor-
able Senator from Ohio to inform me of any
time when this Senate being called in special
session has adjourned without first communi-
cating with the President.
Mr. SHERMAN., We can communicate
with him in five or ten minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the point the
Senator has raised. He has said that there
are precedents  
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told there are. The
Secretary will know better than I. I have not
looked up the precedents, and do not care
about them. The Senate have power to ad
jourti whenever they choose, and there is no
point of etiquette that requires us to remain
in session in order to notify the President of
our willingness to adjourn.
We all know that there is but one question
pending in the Senate, and that is the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson'.] I do not wish to commit
myself by voting for a specific hour of final
adjournment until that is disposed of. I hopey
therefore, the Senate will proceed now and
vote ; Itrust without muchdiscussion, perhaps
without any. I do not desire to say anything
unless there is discussion on the other side, i
hope we shall proceed to act upon the resolu-
tion, and take the definite sense of the Senate
as to whether the two persons named in tho
resolution shall be detained in the custody of
the Senate, or rather of a committee of the
Senate, after we have adjourned, and then that
we shall proceed to adjourn the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio,
I feel somewhat safe in saying, is entirely mis-
taken when he asserts that there is any prece
dent where this body, having been called to
meet in executive session at the request of the
Executive, has undertaken to adjourn itself
without day without communicating with him
to know whether he had any further commun-
ication to make. I do not deny that it is in
our power to do that thing. It is in our power,
as many Senators in the minority here have
often said, to do a great many things that ought
not to be done; but this is one of the things
that would be a gross disrespect to the Exeeu-
