188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon. Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, Sypher, Thomas, Washington
Towrsend. Twiehell, Tyner, Wakeman, Waldon,
Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Willard, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur. Beck, Bigsjs, Bird, Austin Blair, James (jr.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher,
Cropland, Davis, Dox, DuBosc, Duke, Eldridgc,
Ely. Forker, Garrett. Getz, Goiladay, Griffith, Hale,
Hambleton, Ilandlcy, Harper, Hereford, Holman,
Kendall, Kerr, Ivmg, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Maii-
son. Marshall. McClelland, McCormick, MeHenry,
Mclntyre. MeKinney, McNeely. Benjamin F.Meyers,
Morgan, Niblack, Eli Perrv, Peters, Potter, Price,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
Shanks, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Siocum. Sloss,
R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm. Sutherland. Swann,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Wells, Whittborne, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Wood, and Young—SU.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barry, Roderick R.
Butler, Darrall, Dickey, Duell. Henry D. .Foster,
Haldeman.IIaltsey, Hanks, Harmer, John T. Harris,
Hay. llavs, Ivinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch,
McKee, Merrick, Mitchell, Moore, Leonard Myers,
Packer. Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt,
Roosevelt, Worthmgton C. Smith, fet. John, Taffe,
Dvrighfc Townsend, Turner, Upson, Voorhees, War-
ren, Washburn, Whiteley, and Winchester—-10.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LYNCH stated that he was paired with
Mr. Voorhees.
Mr. PLATT stated that upon this question
he was paired with his colleague. Mr. Harris.
If Mr. Harris were present he would vote
"no," and he [Mr. Platt] would vote "ay.!J
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
adjournment op session.
Mr. "WHEELER. Lest the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] may drop out of
the line of the prophets, I offer the following
privileged resolution :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives.
That the President of tho Senate and the Speaker
oi the House ot Representatives be authorized to
close the present session by adjourning their respect-
ive Houses on the 23d day of March instant, at twelve
o clock, noon.
Mr. BLfLELl, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield long enough to permit me to
Bay that I withdraw all the objections I made
this morning to motions to print bills which
were introduced and referred?
The SPEAKER. The requests to print must
be renewed.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion offered by Mr. Wheeler.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House now
adjourn4
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—aves
59, noes 02.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BufLEIv. of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 24, noes 90.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth)
the^ycas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided m the negative—yeas 59, navs 110,
not voting 48: as follows : "
YEAS—Messrs. AveriU, Barber, Beatty, "Biahv
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Ben-
jamin Ij.Butler. ClarKe, Cobb,(Joburn, Cotton, Cree-
jy  Donnan, Dunnell, Elliott. Farwdl
Gerry W.IIazlelon, John W.IIazleton.Hoar Hooper
Kelley, Lowe, Maynard, McJunkm, Mcrriam Orr'
■ftV 'fIraer' -?arker' perce, Porter, Rniney
Liiis H. Roberts, bawyer, Seeley. Shanks, ShelSa-
barger, II. Boardman tomith, John A. Smith, Mjy-
SHC?nr'l,p^FQ0' Stevens, Stevenson,
Stou^hton, Stowoil, Xaffe. Ihomas,Turner, Twiehell I
Tyner, Waiden Wallace, Walls, Williams oi lodiana! I
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Ackcr. Adams, Ambler. .Archer
Arthur,^ Banks, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair
James b-.Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buf-
hnton.Burchard. Caldwell,Camp he 11,Carrol l.Comin-
yo, Conger, took, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland,
Dawes, Box, DuBose, Duke, Karnes, Eidndge
^inkoinbnre, 1'orker. Charles Fos-
ter, iJrye.Gaf field, Garrett, Getz, Goliaday, Goodrich
Griffith,Hale, Hambleton,Handley, Harper, Hawley,
Hay, Hereford, Holman, Kendall. Kerr, Ketchain,
Killinger, King, Laniison, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, MeHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, McNeely,
Mercur, Beojamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Negley, Nib-
lack, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter. Price, Ran-
dall, Read. Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William li. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Scofield,
Sessions, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sio-
cum, R. Milton Speer, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
Terry, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Yaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron, Wells,
Wheeler. Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—11(3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barry, Roderick R.
Butler, Darrall, Dickey, Duell, Henry D. Foster,
Haldeman, Haisey, Hanks, Harmer, George E. Har-
ris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays, Hill, Kinsella,
Lamport, Lansing. Lynch, McKee, Merrick. Mitch-
ell, Moore. Morey, Morgan, Morphis. Leonard Myers,
Packer, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Platt,
Prindle,Roosevelt, Rusk, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worth-
ington C. Smith, St. J ohn, Sypher, Dwight Townsend,
Upson, Voorhees, Warren, Washburn, Whiteley, and
Wi n ch ester—48.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. X withdraw my objection
to tlie printing of the Ku Klux bill introduced
this morning by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,.]
The SPEAKER. If there be no further ob-
jection the bill will be considered as ordered
to be printed.
No objection was made.
The question recurred upon adopting the
resolution submitted by Mr. Wheeler.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will not this be the
fourth resolution for final adjournment sent to
the Senate this session ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays on that resolution.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and upon a division there were
ayes 24, noes 9o.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 1*21, nays 55,
not voting 47 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Aithur, Banks, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair,
Braxton, B right, James Brooks, Baffinton, Bureiiard,
Caldwell, Carroll, Clarke, Comingo, Cook, Cox,Crebs,
Cntcher, Crossiand, Davis, Dawes, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldrulge, Ely, F.irnsworth,Farwell.Fiukeln-
burg, lorker, i'ryn, Garrett, Getz. GolUday. Good-
rich, Griffith, il.ile, Hambleton, llan'tlley, Harper,
Hawley, ilay, Hereford, IIill, Holman, Kendall,
a err, Ketchain, Killinger. King, Lamison, Lansing,
Leach, Lewis, Manson. Marshall. McClelland, Mc-
Corunck, McCrnry, McGrew. MeHenry, Mclntyre,
McJimkin, McKioney, McNeely, Mercur, Merriam,
Benjamin h. Meyers, Morgan, Morphis, Negley,
Niblack, Eli Perry, Peters. Poland, Potter, Price.
Randall, Read. Edward Y. Rice,-John M. Rice, Rit-
chie. Ellis II. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Rogers, Scofield, Seel ey, Sessions. Sneldon, Sher-
wood. Shober, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, R. Milton Soeer,
Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tuthil!, Van Trump.
Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron, Well*,
Wheeler Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New
lork. Wood, and Young—121.
NAYS—-Messrs. Averill, Barber, Beatty, Bisrby,
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Ben-
jamm i<. Butler, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Creely
DeLurgo, Donnan, DanneU. Eames, Elliott.CiiaUes
r oster, Garfield, Havens, Gerry W. Hazleton, John
W. Uazleton,HoarsHooper,Kelley.Lowe,Mavnard
Monroo, Orr, Packard, Parker, Perce, Platt, Porter.
Rainey, Sawyer, Shanks, Snollabargcr, II. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer Ste-
venson htoughton Htowell.Taffe.I'homas,Twiehell,
iyncr, Walden,, \\ allace, Walls, Williams ol'Indi-
an&d?re^Jiarbr¥AW'^0"- and Jobn T- Wilson—55.
A°X V OriAG.—Messrs. Ames, B„ny, James G.
Jilair, Rodenek It. Butler, Campbell, Cobb. Dar-
rail, Biekey, Duell, Henry I>. Poster, Haldeman,
Haisey, Hanks Harmer, George E. Harris, John T.
Harris, Hays, Ivinsella, Lamport, Lynch, McKee,
Merrick, Mitchell, i\loore, Morey, Leonard Myers.
Packer, Palmer, Peek, Pendleton, Aaron P. Perry,
Prindjo. Roosorelt, Rusk, Shoemaker, Worthington
C. South, Snyder, Sprague, St. John, Sypher, Dwight
i ownsend, Upson, \ oorhees, Warren, ^yashburn,
Whiteley, and Winchester—47.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by whieli the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
1 he latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP BILLS.
On motion of Mr. HOOPEE, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, a Bill to promote
the collection of internal revenue was ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 239) authorizing
the award to the Yincennes University of cer-
tain vacant and abandoned lands in Knox
county, Indiana, was ordered to be printed.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. PORTER., by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the bill (H. R. No. 202) to abolish
the office of supervisor of levenue so far as it
affects the State of Virginia. [See Appendix.]
POUT OF ENTRY AT PITTSBURG.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at the present
time a bill to establish a port of entry at Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of passing the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that the city
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, be declared a port
of entry, with all the rights, privileges, benefits,
and limitations conferred or imposed upon
the cities of New York, Philadelphia, Boston,
Baltimore, Portland, New Orleans, and San
Francisco by the twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-
first, thirty-second, thirty-third, thirty-fourth,
thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-seventh sec-
tions of an act entitled "An act to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870.
Mr. RANDALL. Does this legislation
involve the appointment of any additional offi-
cers ?
Several Members. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we cannot consent
to its passage, for such an expenditure is unne-
cessary.
The motion to suspend the rules ivas not
agreed to; there being—ayes G2, noes 59.
Mr. NEGLEY. I am aware that gentlemen
are determined to prevent the passage of this
measure at the present time. I am satisfied
they do not understand the provisions of the
hill or my motive in pressing its immediate
passage. Hence, if there be no objection, I
propose that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
t There being no objection, the bill (II. R.
No. 282) was introduced, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CHARLESTON'S AND KITTBBY NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) rela-
tive to an inquiry into the expediency of
consolidating the Charlestown and Kittery
navy-yards; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
nnCONSIDEIlATIONT OF REFERENCES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the votes by which all bills and joint resolu-
tions were this day referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-A-nd then, on motion of Mr. BROOKS, of
New York, (at five o'clock aud five minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, kc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Charles G. Sargent and 39 others,
for an increase of the duty on all importations
of machinery manufactured in part, or in whole
of iron or steel.
BUCKLEY: The petitions of George
W. Pouncey, Nat. Pace, James M. Newman,
Albert W. McNeel, and John K. Henry, citi-
zens of the State of Alabama, asking the.
