1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
Question. Bid you at, some time, and when, receive
a copy of the State Department print of the treaty
of Washington, so called?
Answer. X did receive what I was informed was a
copy of the treaty as it then stood for consideration,
not signed. By referring to the note which accom-
panied it I can tell you exactly when I received it
and what it was. I received such a paper as I have
described on the evening of the 1st day of May, 1871,
from Mr. J. C. B. Davis. X ought to state to the
committee that I received this as very confidential;
but as I recognize my duty to obey the law rather
than any personal matter of confidence between man
and man, I feel obliged to answer any question upon
this subject which you may put to me.
Question. Although you received it in strict confi-
dence, you now answer the question that you did
receive it?
Answer. I answer the question that I did receive
it, as I feel obliged to. If any other person had
asked me I should have told him it was no matter
of his concern. The paper that I received I now
have here and produce for the examination or ques-
tion of the committee, if they would like to look at
it. It is a paper not signed.
Question. That is a copy of the print of May 1, is
it not ?
Answer. I do not know. It is the only one I have
ever had until I received the Senate official copy.
Question. And you received it on the 1st of May?
Answer. I say the 1st of May for the reason that I
know it was about that time, and I have no doubt
it was the evening of the 1st of May from the date
of the letter which I hold in my hand, which accom-
panied its transmission, and I know I received that
in the evening; so that I think it safe to say, as a
fact, that I did receive it on the evening of the 1st
day of May. This copy I have observed by a com-
parison—not a literal comparison, but that compari-
son which one makes for one's own satisfaction—con-
tains things and does not contain things that the
print that is said to be a copy of the treaty does,
llow tho differences arose I do not know.
Question. "Where has that copy been since you
received it?
Answer. I received itatmy house,No.1411 Massa-
chusetts avenue, in which house, up stairs, adjoining
my sleeping apartment, I have a small study, with
a writing-desk and book-shelves and all the ordin-
ary contrivances that gentlemen who have any such
place have at all. I carried it ur> there and read it
carefully, as it was the first detailed information I
had upon the subject, although I had a general idea
in one way or another as to what was going on.
Having read it, I put it carefully in the most secret
and private drawer ofroy desk, a largeunderground
drawer, so to speak, and locked up the drawer and
put the key in my pocket. It has been in that
drawer, except when I have taken it out, down to
the time of tho Senate print, (and that was only once,
I think,) all the time since until I took it out this
evening to biing up here, to the best of my knowl-
edge and belief. When I say it has been there I do
not mean to say that I have stood by the drawer
watching it all the time, but no person has had any
access to that drawer except Mrs. Edmunds, who
keeps her pin-money there, having the key when-
ever I am away, and who, to the best of my knowl-
edge, information, and belief, did not kno*v until
this evening that any such paper was in that drawer.
Mrs. Edmunds will attend with pleasure before the
committee, if it is desired, to testify on that subject.
Other than that, and subject to the possibilities
which may be inferred from what I have stated, the
paper has been there all the time, except when I
have taken it out for perusal; and no other person
whatever, to the best of my knowledge, information,
or belief, at any time has seen the paper, has been
informed of its existence in my possession except as,
since this question has arisen, 1 think I have men-
tioned to one or two of my brother Senators that I
at some time received some copy. No other person
has known of the existence of the paper in my hands
since I received it, or has had any access to it, nor
has any copy been made of it by me or by any other
person, to the best of my knowledge or belief, from
beginning to end.
Question. Did you receive any other copy of the
treaty prior to the Senate printed copy?
Answer. I did not; nor did lever see any^other
copy prior to the Senate print. Since the Senate
print, and since this question arose, I have seen a
later copy.
Question. But you had not previous to the Senate
print?
Answer. I had not previous to the Senate print,
nor had I known of the existence of another.
The Chief Clerk next proceeded to read the
testimony of Hon. 0. P. Morton", as follows:
Ifon. Oliver P. Morton sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Youare a Senator of the United States?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you at some time, and when, receive
a copy from the State Department of either print
of the treaty of Washington, so called?
The Witness. Shall I go on and maxe the whole
it.nemonl?
'Ihe Chairman. Yes, if you choose.
The Witness. When Congress adjourned at the last
session I had an understanding with the Secretary of
State that when the treaty was about completed a
copy of it should be sent to me at Indianapolis, and
some other papers along with it. On Monday, the
1st day of May, at Indianapolis, I received from Mr.
Davis, the Assistant Secretary of State, a dispatch
stating that an important paper had been mailed to
me, which I understood to be the treaty. In duecourse
of mail it would reach Indianapolis on Wednesday
morning, the 3d. But unexpectedly I left Indian-
apolis on W ednesday morning at three o'clock, before
receiving the paper. I then left word with tho post-
master to have it forwarded tome here, at once. The
package arrived here on Friday morning, the 5th. It
had not been opened. It contained the treaty, or what
purported to be tho treaty. There were one or two
marks upon it—whether these marks were in ink
or in pencil I am not sure, but I think in ink—
''for consideration;" as if certain things had not
been finally agreed upon. I think these words
were written on the side of two or three pages.
After reading the treaty I put it into my trunk
in a large envelope, and when I went out of my room
1 always locked the trunk, and also locked the door.
On Monday, the 8th, I was at the State Department,
together with Mr. IIamlin and Mr. Patterson, and
two or three other Senators perhaps. Mr. Davis
handed me another copy of the treaty, and told me
that it was the complete copy. He went on to state
to me one or two of the changes that had heen made
sincetheotherwas printed, modifications orchanges
that had been made, I think, on the 4th of May, the
day of the last meeting ot the commissioners. He
gave me also the protocol at that time. I took them
home, and when I was done with them I put them
into the trunk in the same envelope with the other
copy of the treaty, and when I was not using them I
kept them there. Nobody could get access to them in
my absence without not only unlocking my door, but
unlocking my trunk, and I have no reason to believe
that anybody did.
On Wednesday morning. May 10, just before the
Senate met, at ten or eleven o'clock—I do not know
the exact time—I handed my trunk key to my ser-
vant and he got out this envelope and brought it to
me and I took out the papers. I took the first copy
that I had received—I was sitting in my chair near
to the window—and I gave it to Dr. Taft, who was
walking about the room smoking, and asked him to
put it upon the fire. There was a little fire in the
grate. He did so, and it was burned in my presence.
The other copy of the treaty, together with the pro-
tocol, I put into my pocket and carried up to the
Senate. About the time of the adjournment of the
Senate Major McDonald, the Chief Clerk, came to
me and asked me if I had a printed copy of the
treaty. I told him I had. He said he did not want
to send to the Printing Office the copy that had been
sent in by the President, and asked me if I would let
him have mine. I said I would, and gave it to him.
I never saw it afterward. I saw it stated in an
evening paper that it was returned to me on the
next day, Thursday; but that is a mistake. I never
saw it or heard of it afterward.
Question. Those two copies are the only copies you
had of the State Department print?
Answer. They are the only copies I had. I ad-
dressed an inquiry to Mr. Davis on that subject. Mr.
Davis thought I had given up to him the firbt cowy
of the treaty when I got the second, but he was mis-
taken about that. I will, with the permission of the
committee, read Mr. Davis's answer:
Department of State,
Washington, May 20, 1871.
My Dear Mr. Morton: Referring to yourrequest
of yesterday, I take pleasure in saying as to the copies
of thepending treaty printed by order of tho Depart-
ment of State:
1. That the treaty was first published as a whole
May 1, and a copy was on that day sent to you at
Indianapolis; also, copies to several other Senators
at their residence.
2. That a new revise was printed May 5, a copy
of which was given to you and also to several other
Senators before the Senate met. [It was not given
to me on the 5th; it was given to me on the 8th.] 1
was under the impression that you gave me back
your first copy in exchange, but it seems that I was
mistaken.
3. That from internal evidence I feel certain that
tho Tribune copy was not obtained from the revise
of Mayl.
4. That from the same evidence I feel equally
confident that it was from the revise of May 5.
5. That I feci certain that it could not have been
obtained from an officer or employe of the Depart-
ment of State. The copies in charge of this Depart-
ment were duly each day in custody of a confiden-
tial clerk. Each night on leaving they were put
under seal, and the seals were found unbroken in
the morning.
I have already given full information on this sub-
ject to the investigating committee of the Senate.
1 had intended to send you a copy of my letter to
the committee, but cannot at this moment lay hands
upon it. This, however, covers all your inquiries.
Yours, very truly,
J. C. B.DAVIS.
Question. You say that the copy which was sent to
you at Indianapolis, when it came back here, had
certain marks.on the margin calling attention to
certain things, or intimating that they were to be
reconsidered ?
Antwer. I think those marks were in ink. Along-
side of the column at one or two places were the
words "for consideration." I think those were the
words in perhaps two places.
Question. Were those the only marks on it at the
time it was burned?
Answer. I am not sure about that. I think it
likely that I may have made some pencil memo-
randa. I am very much in the habit of doing that.
Question. That copy reached you hero on Friday .
morning, the 5th? J
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Is that the only copy of the treaty that
you had until the 8th, which was the next Monday ?
Answer. The only copy.
Question. Are you positive in your recollection
that that was delivered to you at the State Depart-
ment on the 8th?
Answer, I think it was on the 8th. It was at the
same time that a copy was delivered to Senator
Hamlin, and I think to Senator Patterson. I
think Senator Frelinghtjysen also was there and
got one at the same time. There were several Sen-
ators there. It was on the day the treaty was signed.
The treaty was being signed while we were there.
Question. And you say that neither of these copies
which you had previous to the meeting of the Sen-
ate had been seen by any other person to your
knowledge ?
§ Answer. Not to my knowledge, and I do not be-
lieve they were seen by any other person.
Question. And they had not been out of your pos-
session ?
Answer. They had not been out of my possession.
I will not say they had not been seen, but I mean
they had not been read by any one.
Question. I mean seen so as to be known ?
Answer. There were persons in my room when I
was examining the treaty and I had it on my table
before me. Dr. Taft, who boards at the same house
and is frequently in my room, had seen it in my pos-
session and perhaps had heard me say it was tho
treaty, and others, I think, hadseen the treaty on my
table and in my hands; but I am very sure that no
one had had an opportunity of reading a word in it.
Question. Did not Mr. Davis deliver to you a copy
of the print of May 5 in the Capitol on Friday ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. At the same time that he delivered ono
to Mr. Cameron?
Answer, No, sir.
Question. Are you positive of that?
Answer. I have no recollection of it, and I do not
think he did. He had no occasion to do so.
Question. At tho committee-room in the Capitol?
Answer. Wo bad no meeting at the committee-
room, and I never saw Mr. Davis at the committee-
room until after the Senate met on Wednesday.
Question, Are you certain that Mr. Davis did not
deliver you a copy at your room in the National
Hotel on Friday, the 5th of May?
Answer. If he did I have no knowledge of it and
no recollection of it. He had no occasion to do so.
Question. But you do recollect that he did deliver
to you a copy of the print of May 5 at the Depart-
ment on Monday the 8th, previous to the sessiou ?
Answer. Yes, sir, on the day the treaty was signed.
Question. And the copy which was delivered to you
at the Department is the one which was given by you
to Major McDonald?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And the copy that came to you from
Indiana was burnt?
Ansxoer. Yes, sir. IgavetoMajorMcDonald what
I supposed and what he understood was the complete
copy. _ The other was not. The other was not com-
plete in several respects, as I learned from Judge
Williams. He told me what changes were made in
the treaty after the first copy was sent to me, and I
have the Tribune copy here which shows that those
things that were put into the treaty on the 4th of
May are in the Tribunecopy, provingthattheTrib-
une copy was printed from a complete copy. Mr.
Davis brought to my room, when Senator Cameron
was there, the journal that he had kept, and read it
to Senator Cameron, Senator IIarlan, and myself.
Question. But he did not deliver to you at that time
any copy of the State Department print?
Answer. IIo did not.
Question. Do you remember a messenger coming
there while Mr. Davis was at your room on Friday
with a package of papers for Mr. Davis?
Ansxoer, A messenger came from the State Depart-
ment and brought me a package of papers. I think
he brought mo Mr. Beaman's book. Mr. Davis
sent me his copy of Mr. Beaman's book. I had got
a copy before I went away from here, but did not
bring it back with me, and Mr. Davis sent me the copy
that he had. My impression, without being entirely
certain about that, is that the private memorandum
which was printed for the use of Senators, which
wo all have, and which constitutes the treaty-book,
was sent to me at my room.
Question, That is the matter which constitutes the
present pamphlet print, with tho treaty and proto-
cols?
Answer. Yes, sir. It did not contain the treaty
and protocols then.
Question. It contained all the rest of tho present
pamphlet?
Ansxoer, Yes, sir.
Question. But you do not remember a messengor
coming to your room and delivering to Mr. Davis
any package?
Answer. I do notremember a messenger delivering
to Mr. Davis a package.
Mr. Trumbull, (to the chairman.) I think it
would be better to read to Governor Morton what
Mr. Davis said about that.
The Witness. If there is any statement upon that
subject I should liketo hear it.
The Chairman. I think it perfectly proper to have
the statement made by Mr. Davis on that point read
to you.
[That portion of the testimony of J. C- Bancroft
Davis relative to his having been at the room of
Senator Morton on the evening of Friday, May 5,
and of having received while there, through a mes-
senger, printed copies of the treaty and delivered
one to Seoator Morton, and one to Senator Cam-
