190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
have struck a good lead to make political cap-
ital in the country, we are to have a manifesto,
a bulletin, printed at the public expense and
scattered abroad as the result of an investigat-
ing committee! You might as well ask a jury
to report to the public from day to day the re-
sult of the testimony offered before it without
waiting for the whole testimony to be heard
and the argument to be adduced. Why, sir,
it is s'mply monstrous. I do not know but that
it discloses the object of this whole movement,
and that it is well enough that it is called to the
attention not only of the Senate, but of the
people.
But I do say that if fairness be intended, if
a fair investigation by Congress be intended,
a fair ascertainment of the facts, and a fair
discussion upon those facts when obtained
with a view to legislation—the only thing we
have a right to consider at all—if that be the
case, this amendment ought not to be adopted
and the report should be made to Congress.
Mr. STEWART. I think that this partic-
ular provision is probably the most important
in the whole resolution. I differ entirely with
the Senator from Ohio with regard to this
matter. I believe if there are outrages of the
character complained of in any part of the
United States one of the best ways to correct
them is to investigate and publish them. I
entertain the hope that if these outrages are
called to the attention of the people of the
South themselves they will condemn them
and assist in preventing them in future. If a
strong public sentiment can be created through-
out. the whole country against such outrages
the whole object will be attained. Here is a
committee composed of both parties, empow-
ered to investigate these outrages and publish
them to the world. Let us drag these dark
deeds before the light. Let the matter be tried
before the tribunal of the American people.
If tuen go in disguise in the night and perse-
cute and take the lives of their neighbors let
the disguise be torn off, let the trial commence
at once before the great tribunal that must
ultimately settle it.
I believe more in that than in legislation. I
believe the American people are in favor of
law and order and justice; and I believe it is
only necessary to let these outrages be known,
to have them established before the country
by a committee of investigation, and the crim-
inals will tremble before that tribunal that has
ample power to mete out justice to them. I
say let the truth be known and let the country
judge. The most useful part of this proposi-
tion is the provision to bring to light these
dark deeds. I nra in favor of the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. Presiden t, if it is true,
as has been argued upon the floor of the Sen-
ate, and as is charged by the Democratic press
generally, that the alleged outrages in the South
have no existence in fact, are manufactured
for a political purpose, the South is more inter-
ested than anybody else in having the truth
known. The belief now exists that these out-
rages are occurring in the South, and it has the
effect to keep emigration and to keep capital
from the South, and is doing the South the
deepost possible injury. But if these reports,
of which the air is full, coming from many
States and all of the same character and with-
out concert with each other, be false, it is the
interest of the South especially that that false-
hood be made known.
Now, I ask why it is that this investigation
has been opposed at every step? The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] says that we pro-
pose to have this investigation in order to
make political capital. If the truth of these
charges is established, the Senator seems to
consider that that operates against his party.
That is a concession on his part. If the truth
of these things is not established, it goes for
the benefit of bis party. If, then, these things
are true, he ought to be willing to have the
investigation simply with a view to party advan-
tage. But I put it upon a higher ground: that
the truth ought to be known, and if_ these
stories are false the world should know it. If
they are true the whole country should know it.
Mr. President, I understood that this reso-
lution of investigation was accepted by our
Democratic friends as a substitute for legisla-
tion ; that to prevent legislation with a view
of putting down these ontrages they were will-
ing, especially in the House of Representa-
tives, to grant this investigation. That was
my understanding; but the Senator from Ohio
wants the results of the investigation locked
up until next winter. Whatever may be the
.proof of murder and of outrage, however in-
secure the lives of Republicans throughout the
South may be, the facts must be locked up
and concealed until next winter! Now, I want
to know what the object of that is. This com-
mittee is not to legislate, but is to diffuse
information, to give us the true condition of
the South; and I insist that as fast as that is
obtained, as they go from State to State, it
should be published.
If the investigation shows that there is peace
and security in any one State of the South let
us know it as soon as the committee leave
there. If, on the other hand, it shows that
there is no security for life and property, but
that murder and crime are rampant, let the
world know it at once. Why does the Senator
want it locked up unti: next winter?
One word further and I am done. We have
one report from the State of North Carolina,
and it presents a horrible record. It cannot
be apologized for; it cannot be explained ;
nor can there be any excuse set up for it. I do
not care what the ability or the learning may
be that are brought to bear for that purpose,
I say this horrible record cannot be obscured.
If that is the conditional" other States the
world cannot know it too soon, and I can see
no possible reason for having the results of
this investigation, the evidence, and the con-
clusions of the committee locked up until next
winter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it does not occur to me that this is a secret
committee, and I cannot conceive what objec-
tion there can be to having an authorized report
of the committee as they go along. Certainly
some sort of a report will be made. The wit-
nesses themselves will disclose their testimony,
and it cannot, be locked up any longer than the
first of December anyhow. It does seem to me
that our friends on the other side of the Cham-
ber should be more in favor of such a report
as would be authorized by the committee than
an illegitimate one such as would be likely to
reach the public press every day.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me one word?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. We made the motion on this
side of the Chamber pending this last investi-
gation that the examination should be public,
and it was voted down by the other side ; and
I am astonished at the language of the Senator
from Indiana when he knows that that motion
was made by my friend on my right [Mr. Cas-
skrlyJ during the last session that the investi-
gation should be in public.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, that the sessions
themselves should be in public.
Mr. BLAIR. That the sessions should be
open, and the members of the committee should
have the right to make known everything that
was testified to there. Our object was to stop
this secret inquisition, this Star Chamber pro-
ceeding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not de-
sign to occupy the time of the Senate a single
moment, but the Senator from Missouri should
be astonished at the course of his friend from
Ohio and not of any member who has spoken
on this side of the Chamber. I trust, there-
fore, that we shall not discuss this question,
but suffer it to pass, as it passed on a former
occasion,.by general consent.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Missouri. While
the investigation was being conducted in regard
to North Carolina a proposition was made here
in the Senate that the daily sessions of the
committee should be public, so that, if you
please, reporters could go there, and every-
body could know what witnesses were to be
subpenaed. I heard it said in regard to that,
and it had occurred to my own mind, that if
such a proposition were adopted during the
course of that investigation there was great
danger that the witnesses who were known to
be subpenaed or about to be "kent for would
be treated in the same way that they f-re treated
when they are sent for to testify in the courts
of the United States in Kentucky, as stated
by Judge Pryor in his charge to the grand jury
at Frankfort; that opportunities would be pre-
sented to Ku Klux them; in other words, ter-
rify them, prevent their attendance. But, sir,
that committee made haste to report. They
did not know how long this session of Con-
gress would last, and they reported soon after
this session began; and I believe it has been
a common theme of complaint that they re-
ported too soon, and did not wait until all the
witnesses had been examined on the other side
who had been sent for, which would have had
the effect of preventing a report at this ses-
sion ; and now the proposition is made that
there shall be no further disclosures or reports
made until next winter.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 will say to the Senator from
Indiana that the only danger the witnesses
called here on the part of the Radical party
were in was from being appointed to office
abroad.
Mr. MORTON. The danger the witnesses
were in is revealed by the testimony taken
before the Senator's committee. There is the
record made out. As they were treated in the
courts of the South, as they were treated in
the courts of Kentucky, as stated by Judge
Pryor, so they might be treated when sent for
here if it was made known conveniently to the
Ku Klux that they were sent for.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I made the motion
to open to the public the proceedings of the
Senate committee, the organization of which
is due to the Senator from Indiana, I desire
to say a word. I certainly had no such thought
as he suggests, that, if the proceedings of the
committee were made public, the witnesses
would be endangered. It struck me when I
heard it as a chimerical, if not a puerile,
reason. Now I ask the Senator, if those wit-
nesses were in danger so imminent from the
Ku Klux Klans of North Carolina, why so
much haste was made to publish the report
and give their names in print to the Klans two
or three days afterward ?
Mr. BLAIR. Every one of them had been
examined before in North Carolina in the im-
peachment trial and in the trial of the habeas
corpus cases, and their depositions had been
published and were perfectly well known in
North Carolina.
Mr. MORTON. Some of them.
Mr. BLAIR. The only danger they were
in was the one I mentioned to the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I shall take the
floor now.
Mr. CASSERLY. One moment. The Sen-
ator from Indiana must think of some other
excuse for holding the sessions of his commit-
in secret
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana says that if the South is
guiltless of the enormities that are charged,
in the interest of the South the result of this
investigation should be published as soon as
possible, because the reports that are made ara
prejudicial to the South, prevent immigration,
and delay the achievement of the prosperity
