192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
people, is this: that there has been so little
outrage, that there have been so few banditti,
after such a great civil war as we have gone
through.
I never shaU cease to admire the American
people when I think that, millions of men who
had been in arms, when the war closed, quietly
laid down their arms and resumed the occu-
pations of peace. In the town in which I live
I saw fifty Thousand of them honorably dis-
charged from the public service; and I say it,
and say it with a proud boast for my State—that
though they were there in that city for days,
though they were discharged and as free as I
was to go where they pleased, they molested
no man, they committed no act of violence,
but peaceably departed to their homes. And
he who has reflected upon it for a moment
must see that, never perhaps since the world
existed, was so great an example set of the
virtue, the moderation, and the intelligence
of a people as was displayed by the American
people when the great armies on both sides
■were disbanded and sent to their homes. Why,
sir, these outrages were not committed then.
But there has been more crime at the North
since the war than there was before, and more
crime at the South. That could not be avoided.
It was inevitable.
Then there are other circumstances that
must produce disorder. The people at the
South had fought for a cause that they reli-
giously believed in, as much as we believed
in the cause for which our side fought. They
were conquered, subdued, humiliated. But
then they believed that the war had been car-
ried on, as we declared it should be, to preserve
the Constitution and restore the Union, and
they expected that that pledge would be faith-
fully fulfilled. Instead of fulfilling it you pat
them down under martial law, you abolished
their State constitutions, you compelled them
at the point of the bayonet to adopt other con-
stitutions, you set their lately freed slaves
above them, and gave the control of State after
State to the most ignorant., the least informed
and the least interested portion of the com-
munity. In this very State of North Carolina
1 think it appears that the colored voters are
eighty thousand. The vote for the Republican
ticket at the last election was eighty-three
thousand and some hundreds, and the vote
for the other ticket vva3 nearly eighty-eight
thousand. It clearly appears that there is
scarcely a colored man in the whole State who
did not vote the Republican ticket. Now, what
a spectacle is that! There is a State in which
but three thousand white men can be found to
join the Republican party; and who are they?
Where do they comefrom? Where were they
born? What spirit of adventure took them to
North Carolina? Who are these three thou-
sand white men who, with eighty thousend
negroes, have ruled that old Commonwealth
that used to be called the firm Old North State,
the very exemplification of order?
In the old State, that always would vote the
Whig ticket, no matter though all the rest of
the idouth voted the Democratic ticket, that
pattern of order and law, that Quaker State
of the South, but three thousand white men
can be found to vote the Radical ticket; and
the domination of that party for years and
years, the plunder of the State, the ruin of her
prosperity has been the resultof a combination
of three thousand adventurers with eighty
thousand negroes; and yet the people are ex-
pected to be as mild and as placid and as gentle
as so many turtle doves ! Oh, no, Mr. Presi-
dent, it will not do.
But if we are to have an investigation let us
have it. And when we do go into this investi-
gation, and when it comes to be considered by
the Senate, I beg Senators to look once more
at history, and to find that by no armed tyranny,
by no treading of people under the heel, has
order ever been restored, unless it was the
order of despotism, the silence of its reign.
No, sir; if you want the people of the South
to be orderly give them good government; let
them govern themselves according to the nature
and spirit of our free institutions ; let the in-
telligence of the country have fair play ; let
the honesty and economy that everybody will
admit existed in those States before the civil
war, whatever faults they may have had, once
more take place. Let mere adventurers
retire to the back-ground or hide themselves
in the holes from which they came; let once
more the people feel that they have a Consti-
tution that will be enforced, laws that they
respect; and once more you will have peace
and order there as well as you have any-
where.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that after the speech to which we have just
listened we might as well lay this resolution
for a committee upon the table, and have the
Committee on the Judiciary report a bill to
carry out the fourteenth amendment, to go
within the line of constitutional authority, and
walk up to the extreme verge of constitutional
power to protect the people of the country.
Sir, I think we have made a mistake in pro-
posing this committee of investigation. I see
nothing to be gained by it, and I see that needed
legislation is to be postponed by its adoption.
We should legislate now.
Talk about the facts, Mr. President 1 Men
whose eyes are open, who have ordinary intel-
ligence, who do not deny truths when truths
are presented to them, know that we have facts
enough upon which to base our legislation.
The eyes and the ears of the world have been
open for the last six years. If the Senator
from Ohio has closed his eyes, if other Sen-
ators have closed theirs, there are some per-
sons in the country that have some little knowl-
edge of the history of the last six years.
Now, Mr. President, open, read, and exam-
ine the reports made by the officers of the
Freedmen's Bureau, and what do they disclose ?
They disclose scenes of violence, wrongs, out-
rages, murders, that dishonor and disgrace the
whole country. Open the reports of your Army
officers ; take the reports of General Thomas,
thegrandest hero of the war. They are on file;
they have been published. We can furuish
copies to gentlemen who doubt. Read the
reports of your officers in all the departments
into which the South was divided after'the war,
and the evidence disclosed 
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not omit the report made by
General Grant when he went down there.
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to omit
the report of General Grant. It was a prelim-
inary and rapid survey and did not give a
great deal of information. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, you will find that Sickles, and Meade,
and Thomas, and Sheridan, and the officers
under them who were stationed there, who had
opportunities to know, reported the facts, and
the facts are upon record, and they cannot be
sneered at, they cannot be denied any more
than you can deny the rebellion itself.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator give
us the dales of the reportsby the military com-
manders to which he refers?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Axthohy] prescribing the legislation of this
session is before the Senate, upon which the.
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator per-
mit us to go through with the ordinary morning
business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts desire to conclude his
remarks?
Mr. WILSON. I can go on, just as well at
some other time.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will allow the morning business to
be presented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception of the ordinary routine
morning business?
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to suggestthat
this ought not to be done unless it is entirely
agreeable to the Senator from Mississippi.
Yesterday he gave way to me and others.
Mr. AMES. I will give way to the morning
business.
Mr. CONKLING. He gave way so often
yesterday that I do not think he ought to be
asked to give way to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. The morning business
is not very important, and the Senator from
Mississippi is prepared to speak, and I think
it would be as well to let him go on now.
Mr. CONKLING. I think so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Mississippi to give way
for purely morning business; not for the pas-
sage of bills, but simply for the reception of
the ordinary routine morning business.
Mr. AMES. I do give way for that purpose.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
.petition of Elizabeth Winter, praying compen-
sation for the destruction of property at C«lum-
bus, Georgia, during the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of Lemuel
Taylor, by his trustee, Boswell L. Colt, pray-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HILL (in behalf of Mr. West) pre-
sented a memorial of Robert Walker Mackay,
for himself and other heirs of Robert Walker,
praying indemnity for French spoliations com-
mitted prior to 1800; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of
Joseph S. Finch & Co., praying the remission
of certain taxes paid on distilled spirits lost
by the falling of their warehouse; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of two hun-
dred and seventy-four workingwomen of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
female suffrage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
Washington D. Glenn, for damages toandloss
of property at Winchester, Virginia, during
the rebellion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of colored citizens of Boston,
Massachusetts, asking congressional action for
the protectionofloyal citizens in the southern
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Drury Thompson, of the county of Mobile,
Alabama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities. .
He also presented papers relative to the rais-
ing, by G. W. N. Stovall, of a company of
home guards and scouts for the United States
Army in certain counties of Tennessee and
Alabama ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to present a
memorial which is somewhat special in its
character. It is a memorial from members
from the State of California in the House of
Representatives for the last Congress, Messrs.
Sargent, Axteij,, and Johnson. They ad-
dress the present Congress in favor of the pas-
sage of a bill introduced at the last session
and favorably reported upon by the Committee
on Public Lands, but which failed to be acted
on by reason of the pressure of business I
refer to the bill for aiding, by a grant of the
right of way and of lands, a canal for irrigat-
ing and other purposes in the county of El
Dorado and the adjacent counties in the State
