1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
of California. This memorial sets forth the
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
California unanimously passed ; it sets forth
laige extracts from the report of the surveyor
general of the United States for that State,
and also a quantity of valuable and doubtless
authentiq statistics, all tending to show the ab-
solute necessity throughout that country, and
I may say the same of the whole of that great
and important tract known as the foot hills
of the Sierra Nevada, of some system of econ-
omizing and distributing the waters, in order
not merely to make that country productive,
but even habitable to any considerable extent.
As the whole question is a new one, of import-
ance to us on that coast, and of interest, I
trust, to the Senate generally, I move that
the memorial be printed and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I found on my
desk this morning the following note :
Washington, D. C„ March 20,18/1.
Deak Sir : As representative in the United States
Senate from the State of Georgia, I ask that you
will present to the Senate tho memorial which I
herewith hand to you.
Very respectfully, J. 33. BKYANT.
Hon. Joshua IIill.
Accompanyingthis note is a memorial,which
I have glanced over, from John E. Bryant,
who was formerly the agent of the Freedmen's
Bureau in the State of Georgia, who came there
after the close of the war, a Federal soldier of
some distinction. He is the editor of a leading
Republican newspaper, so far as the colored
people of that Slate are readers, and, I think,
the most influential man in the State with that
population. It is in relation to the unpleasant
subject connected with the seating of Mr.
Blodgett as a Senator here, and I am sorry to
add, coming as it does from the State of
Georgia, that it makes a personal point on Mr.
Blodgett, raising the question of his fitness as
an associate with Senators in this body on
account of certain alleged misdemeanors and
crimes. I have not had time to peruse it with
care. It is in respectful language, with a
number of exhibits to it, which 1 have not
had the time to read, but it is a paper of tho
gravest character.
Never -before, in the history of the State
which I have the honor to represent now alone
in this body, has it ever come to pass that any
human being has breathed a word against the
fair fame of any gentleman who has been sent
to this Chamber to represent that State. How
shocked the people of that Commonwealth
would have been if, in the days of the great
Thomas W. Cobb, of George M. Troup, or
.John McPherson Berrien, such charges as these
had been brought before the lirst legislative
body of the nation to prevent the seating of
one claiming a right to admission here 1
I know personally nothing of the truth of
these charges. I see appended to the affidavits
contained here the names of certain gentlemen
of the city of Augusta, of high reputation,
whom 1 have known from their youth up, and
who, I am constrained to say, I would believe
as soon as I would any men on the face of this
earth. I have not read their affidavits. Prob-
ably I have seen them in the course of my life
belore.
I can but present this memorial and ask that
it be printed. I should prefer to have it read
in connection with this unpleasant subject. I
will state that I had heard nothing of this
paper until Mr. Bryant presented it. It seems
to have been hurriedly prepared and con-
cludes 
Mr. STEWART. What is it, a memorial?
Mr. HILL. It is a memorial.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator presented
here the other day a document which he called
a memorial, without a signature, and had it
printed. I asked him what it was, and he
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 13.
said it was a memorial. It is laid before us
this morning printed without a signature.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HILL. This memorial is not a legal
paper at all. It appears to be a purely per-
sonal paper. I havo not had time to read it.
It is voluminous, containing many charges of
a personal character, and offers to prove them.
Mr. CONKLING. To whom is it addressed?
Mr. HILL. It is addressed to the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it signed?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir; it is signed by'John
E. Bryant. I ask, under the circumstances,
that the paper be read.
Mr. STEWART. I shall object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Georgia that the
Senator from Mississippi has yielded for purely
routine morning business. If the Senator
desires it, the paper can be read when the
cases of Mr. Blodgett and Mr. Goldthwaite
shall be before the Senate on the resolution
submitted from the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
Mr. HILL. I have no further remarks to
make about it. I ask that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia asks that this memorial be
printed. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none, and the order to print will be made.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
Oil motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That II. L. Amiss have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his memorial,
with tho accompanying papors, for compensation
for stores taken during tho war.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the letter of tho Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting accounts of receipts and
expenditures to June 30,18158, betaken froin thefiles
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
On motion of Mr. CASSERLY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Macou-
dray & Co., Pioeho Bayerque & Co., Fox & O'Con-
ner, P. Maury, jr., Dickson, De Wolf & Co., and
others, merchants of San Francisco, California, pray-
ing compensation for losses sustained by them in
April, 1854, by tho falling of tile bonded warehouse
where their goods were stored, bo taken from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John A.
Sutter be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to tbo Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Marshall
M. Martin, praying payment for property destroyed
by United States troops during the late war, bo
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
tho Committee on Claims.
COMMITTEE OS CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. WINDOM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate to have the following
order made:
Ordered, That the Committeo to Audit and Control
tho Contingent Expenses of the Senate have leave
to sit during the recess of Congress.
I believe a similar order has been made
several times heretofore.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 41) to enable the Secretary of
War to enlarge the depot at Fort Leavenworth,
to report it without amendment: and I give
notice to the Committee on Appropriations
that I shall move this as an amendment to the
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY, from tho Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. II. No. 181) to establish
post routes, reported it with amendments.^
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee ou Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Anna
Ella Carroll, praying compensation for sug-
gesting certain plans of operation for the
armies of the United States during the late
war, asked to be discharged from its farther
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs ; which was
agreed to.
& BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
cor.sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 283) to donate lands to the Hastings and
Dakota Railway Company to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the Minnesota
State line westerly to the Missouri river ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 284) to establish a port of entry at Duluth,
in the State of Minnesota; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 285) to aid in the construction of twenty
or more first-class iron steamships and of main-
tenance of same, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, naval,
and other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 286) to incorporate the New York
and San Bias Railway Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 287) to empower the Secretary of War to
establish under certain conditions a horse
railway upon and over the island of Rock
Island and the bridges erected by the United
States connecting the cities of Davenport and
Rock Island therewith ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 288) relating to rights of actual
settlers upon certain lands ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2s9) for the relief of the home guards
raised in certain counties of Tennessee, and
Jackson county, Alabama; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
290) for the relief of Washington D. Glenn ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON. I ask leave to introduce
a bill, and I desire to state that I do it by
request, without myself undsrstanding the
merits of it or indorsing it.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 291) for the relief ot
the officers and crew of the United Stales ship
Wyoming; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 292) to place the name of James C. Bates,
of Indiana, on the pension-roll; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr.* NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 293)
to authorize the restoration of George A. Armes
to the rank of captain in the Army; which
