1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
what the duty of the Presiding Officer is, to
certify the fact to the district attorney, I move
to lay this whole subject ou the table; and if
{hat motion prevails, I shall follow it with a
motion to discharge from custody the two per-
sons that are now in custody here, to be dealt
with a's I have stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the resolution
now pending.
Mr. SUMNER. Lay the report on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the report
was pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. WILSON. The report, not the reso-
lution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There cannot, be two
things pending. Either the report or the reso-
lution is pending. And I inquire of the Chair
which it is?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to lay the
report on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution was laid
aside informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was laid aside
and the report is up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to lay the report on
the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. And that it be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be printed, of
course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, to lay the report on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on a
division—ayes 31, noes 11.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
is ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
llELEASE OF UKCUSANT WITNESSES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I hope we shall
vote on the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Now we have the resolu-
tion up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is a resolution
pending, as I understand there is, I ask that
it be acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution was laid aside informally, and its con-
sideration will now be resumed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that covers the point,
I hope it will be adopted.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Wilson, as follows:
Resolved. That the Serjeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate be, and he is hereby, directed to discharge Z. L.
WhUe and H. J. Ramsdell, now held in custody by
him by an order of the Senate, immediately upon
the final adjournment of the present special session
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer this as a substi-
tute :
Resolved, That it appearing that the committee
have been unable to ascertain by whom the treaty
of Washington was made public, by reason of the
refusal of witnesses to testify, and no proof appear-
ing that any Senator or officer of the Senate dis-
closed said treaty, it is ordered that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of the
subject, and the Senate being about to adjourn the
witnesses now m custody be discharged.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
have any objection to that long resolution ; it
would accomplish the ouly objectwhich I have,
which is to dispose of this matter; but I would
prefer a meie resolution to discharge from cus-
tody the persons who are now held in custody.
I wish to say one other word, and that is that
I have already stated that these witnesses are
in contempt, and by that I mean that they have
refused to answer proper interrogatories. That
is the question that is to be dealt with in their
cases. They ought to have answered; it was
their duty to have done so, in obedience to the
law and in the proper discharge, as it seems to
rue, of their duty, for I do not think that the
press of the country is to be elevated in its
character by winking at the obtaining of news
by any improper means ; and if no improper
means were resorted to to obtain news, when a
proper investigation takes place it seems to mo
there ought to be no objection on the part of
correspondents of papers or the gatherers-up
of news, (in view of the fact that the investiga-
tion is in support of law and of proper author-
ity,) to freely and fully disclose everything
that is necessary to enable the law to take its
course. In the condition the matter now is,
the witnesses having assumed the position
they have, the authority of the Senate hav-
ing been vindicated, and we being about to
adjourn, and as i have already stated, it being
almost impracticable for the Senate to remain
with a view of dealing with the other witnesses,
I think the better course is to let them take the
consequences of the position they have assumed
before the judicial tribunals of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I am afraid the prop-
osition 1 have offered will give rise to debate
at this period, when debate can be of no pos-
sible use, I withdraw the amendment and will
let the original resolution stand.
Mr. WILSON. Now I hope we shall have
the yeas and nays on the resolution and set-
tle it. _ ["Question!" "Question!"] No; I
will not ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays by all means.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply desire to say
that I prefer the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, for the reason that it covers
the ground, and that some doubt might arise
as to the resolution of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is withdrawn.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that. There
is a question as to whether this newspaper did
publish the treaty. I understand that the
Tribune published what purported to be the
treaty without the fortieth article, so that it
. was not the treaty, no more than the abstract
of the treaty published previously was the
treaty. Neither was it signed. The publica-
tion in the Tribune was not signed, and it was
without the fortieth article, and therefore it was
not the treaty, and they are no more guilty
of publishing the treaty than they were in pub-
lishing the abstract of the treaty previously.
Under the resolution that was adopted by the
Senate the committee was instructed in these
words:
"Resolved, That a select committee of five Sena-
tors be appointed by the Chair, who shall investigate
how, and by whom, the treaty known as the treaty
of Washington and other recent proceedings of the
Senate m executive session were liiade public, and
that, said committee have power to send for persons
and papers."
The only "treaty" is the document that was
printed iii confidence for the Senate, and it has
been decided that this publication in the Trib-
une was not the treaty, because it was not
taken from a paper published in confidence for
the use of the Senate. Therefore, I do not
see but that the committee have discharged
their duty. They have ascertained that this
was not a true copy, and, as I understand by
the testimony of the honorable Senator from
Vermont,, [Mr. Edmonds,] the copy that he
received was different from the copies which
we have upon our tables, and which were
delivered to us in confidence. Therefore this
whole question, it seems to me, falls to the
ground, and we find that the Tribune has not
published the treaty. For that reason I hope
these prisoners will be discharged.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
I desire to call the attention of the Senate dis-
tinctly to what the law is. There seems to be
some misunderstanding among Senators.
Mr. WILSON. You can do that afterward.
Mr. TBUMBULL. I think it had better be
distinctly understood before we vote that it is
the duty of the presiding officer to certify the
facts. This is the act of January 24, 1857, 11
Statutes-at-Large, page 155:
" Sec. 1. That any person summoned as a witness
by the authority of either House of Congress to give
testimony or to produce papers upon any matter be-
fore either House, or any committee of either House
of Congress, who shall willfully make default, or who,
appearing, shall retuse to answer any question
pertinent to the matter of inquiry in consideration
before the House or committee by which he shall be
examined, shall, in addition to the pains and pen-
alties nowexisting.be liable to indictment as and
for a misdemeanor, in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction thereof, and on convic-
tion, shall pay a fine not exceeding $1,000 and not
less than $100, and suffer imprisonment in the com-
mon jail not less than one month nor more than
twelve months."
Section three declares—
" That when a witness shall fail to testify, as pro-
vided in the previous sections of this act, and the
facts shall be reported to the Houso, it shall bo the
duty of the Speaker of the House or the President
of the Senate to certify the fact under the seal of the
House or Senate to the district attorney for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whose duty it shall be to bring the
matter before tho grand jury for their action."
Now it is reported to the Senate, and when
it is so reported to the Senate it becomes the
duty of the presiding officer to certify that
fact; so that no other action is necessary than
to bring the matter to the notice of tho Senate,
and I understand that the Presiding Officer has
already notified the district attorney—I have
heard that, though I have not heard it offi-
cially—in regard to the two witnesses who are
now in custody.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I should
like to ask the Senator from Illinois his opin-
ion as to the effect of a resolution discharging
these witnesses on the proceeding in court.
If we now pass a resolution to discharge them,
will not that be a discharge of the offense?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. It would
have no effect upon it, in my judgment.
.Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. By way of mak-
ing that matter certain, I move, as an amend-
ment, a proviso that this resolution shall in no
way interfere with the duty of the Vice Presi-
dent as presiding officer of the Senate in rela-
tion to the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to that, but it is not necessary, I think.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. There will be no
difficulty then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will reduce the amendment to writing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the effect
of this resolution with the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky will he to instruct any
grand jury or any district attorney of the Dis-
trict of Columbia that the Senate is of opinion
that it has been engaged in an unwise effort
to extract statements from gentlemen who
ought not to be obliged to make them, and
that even if they were technically guilty of a
violation of the statute, it was one of those
mere technical and formal breaches of law in
the interest of honesty and honor which ought
not to be prosecuted at all. That will be the
effect of this resolution, and I wish to wash
my hands of that part of it in advance; other
gentlemen can do as they like.
The next effect will be that the public will
be entirely satisfied, as I confess I shall be,
as the result of the judgment of the Senate,
that this treaty came to these enterprising gen-
tlemen, with whom I have no personal quarrel
at all, by the dishonor of some Senator; pos-
sibly myself, because I had the means, as my
testimony has been read, for if I could have
found out the emendations that were made to
the print which I had I could have corrected
that print and have sold it out. Now the pub-
lic will be satisfied (and I do not blame them
for it, for it will be a perfectly logical deduc-
tion and a perfectly fair one) that we have
been undertaking to whitewash ourselves.
That will be the result. And they will find
out another thing which I deplore much more
than any of these, because the mere fact of the
publication of this treaty is of no consequence
at all; that is an entirely false issue. Here
men obtained information that ought not to be
