1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
denied the rightof human liberty; rebellion had
as its corner-stone, slavery ; and now in their
ruins are found hostility to the Government
and a disregard and denial of all rights, even
that of life itself.
This question of the South now before the
country is not of less magnitude than were
those of slavery and rebellion, which in their
day endangered the existence of the nation.
Though the Government was not authorized
to foaugurate measures against slavery, it was
imperatively required to crush out the rebel-
lion; and now the demand isnolessimperative
that the people shall be secured in their rights
of life and liberty against those whose purposes
are to defeat the provisions of the Constitution
and the laws. This question of justice, of
humanity, and of freedom, as understood in
our country, which should be dispassionately
considered by all, is opposed, it appears, by
one party being made subordinate to party
schemes and purposes.
When it was proposed that the Senate should
take some action to ascertain the truth or falsity
of the many apparently well-authenticated
reports of outrages on a class of citizens at the
South, no little feeling of opposition was
developed thereto; and the adoption of the
resolution which had been offered for that pur-
pose was only consented to after the country
had been informed that its object was partisan
in character and other than that indicated on
its face.
The reasons for such opposition were evi-
dently political. Hud credence been given to
these many reports of murders, could too much
haste have been made in entering upon the
investigation? Lacking faith in them, believ-
ing them false, why should not the same haste
have been made to bring the facts before the
intelligent public? Yet such-a humane prop-
osition encounters party opposition.
Knowing, as I do, that the half of the
sufferings of one class of the people of the
South, and that class not all of one color, has
not been told, I anticipated that this special
committee would bring to the light facts of a
most startling character, which would resultin
the passage of laws by which the Government
would be authorized to extend its protecting
arm over a large number of its citizens who
are now absolutely without protection.
When it shall appear that citizens are sub-
jected to harsh and cruel treatment for any
cause whatever, it becomes the duty of the
Government to inquire into and correct the"
evils so far as possible. Were there ever the
necessity for such intercession, it now exists.
The immediate cause of our troubles is due
to the fact that the nation has, in its wisdom,
bestowed upon a portion of the people, who
have heretofore been without it, the great
blessing of citizenship, and that these newly
made citizens have dared, in the exercise of
their lawful rights, to contest for political
supremacy with those of older citizenship.
The question as to how the colored people
of the South became citizens, or whether it was
constitutionally done, is not here cf any prac-
tical importance. All the rights of citizenship
have been vested in them, and can never be
taken from them. Having the rightof suffrage,
they had the right to exercise it, and in so doing
organized State governments on the ruins of
rebellion. This they have done lawfully, after
the manner indicated, and if there be any ille-
gality in these new State organizations because
of recent enfranchisement, the responsibility
and consequences thereof ought not to be
visited upon them.
Those governments were organized on the
same principles and much after the same man-
ner as those of about two thirds of the States
which now constitute the Union. One portion
of the population at the South disfranchised
itself by acts of treason, while another por-
tion, always loyal, was enfranchised, and with
the power properly and lawfully with the ma-
jority organized, as it were, new States. That
is, a body of good and true citizens, amply
sufficient in numbers, found itself in a com-
munity, I will not say of outlaws, but of men
to whom the national Government was not will-
ing to wholly confide the rehabilitation of the
States, and organized governments which were
in harmony with the power to which said com-
munities were subordinate. Yet it is said that
these States cannot be rightfully directed till
they shall fall back again into the hands of the
men who took them, so far as they could, out
of the Union. This might be well enough in
any other country than this, where the people
rule. To show how unjust and un-American
such a claim is, I call attention to the rela-
tive numbers of the white and colored people
of the State which I have the honor to repre-
sent on this floor. This I do in answer to the
assertion that the party now in power there
is not the party of the majority of voters.
The census about completed shows that the
colored population exceeds the white about
seventy thousand. Now, on what principle
should the State be delivered into the hands of
the minority? There is no question as to the
political affinities of the colored voters ; and
in the absence of murder and violence, with
anything approaching a fair opportunity to
reach the ballot-box, we all know they will vote
in the future as they have in the past.
In addition thereto are thousands of white
men who have in their hearts always been loyal
to the United States, or who actually and sin-
cerely accept the situation, believing in the
measures of reconstruction, and who can see
future material prosperity only in an escape
from the rulers of the past. Because the ma-
jority dare strive to exercise its lawful rights,
and in so doing keep from place and power a
minority, a false cry of injustice and wrong is
sounded from one end of the country to the
other.
It has been asserted on this floor that the
army at the South has been "employed in
driving voters from the polls and carrying the
elections against a majority of the legal voters
in those States." So far as my knowledge
goes, this broad assertion is not sustained by
a single instance, except where colored men
have'been prevented.from voting by soldiers
acting under the direction of white men who
obtained control of them either by money or
through sympathy. It has also been asserted
that those State governments, so far, at least,
as they were in the hands of Republicans,
were usurpations, and that upon the withdrawal
of the army "the people would resume their
rightful authority." Assuming the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution to be valid and
final, how unjust and how far from the truth
is such a statement as applied to those States,
of which Mississippi is one, where the votes
of the colored men, increased by those of white
men, have by large majorities lawfully estab-
lished the "rightful authority" of these same
governments.
If it be intended that the minorities in these
States shall assume authority there I can under-
stand the opposition to any and all efforts to
suppress the outrages of which we complain.
Opposition to reconstruction and its results at
the North lacks important elements found in
it at the South. That slavery might be kept
inviolable every individual at the South was
put on guard over it. It was not a congenial
latitude for those who went there with oppos-
ing opinions and who exercised the right of
speech which free Americans were inclined to
do. Absolute intolerance toward those who
refused to bow down to their shrine was the
natural consequence. Northern men, though
making their devotions, fell uuder suspicions
which only time or very pronounced deeds
could remove. A condition of society resulted
which was as remarkable as the institution of
slavery in a free country was peculiar. The
slave was looked upon as of an inferior race,
and by some as hardly human. He was bought
and sold like the dumb brute. Necessarily his
life could not be held very sacred.
We have now all the evils of those days,
aggravated and intensified by unsuccessful' war,
by the liberation of the slave, by an irruption
of men whose political views were to them
abominations, and by the elevation of the
despised race to political equality. Reason
leads to such a conclusion ; experience shows
it to be correct. What is there to-day to pre-
vent the man who a few years ago would send
the abolitionist across the border, and who
regarded the negro, though he then had a mar-
ket value, as less than human, from using vio-
lence to regain what the hated abolitionist and
the despised negro have taken from him? No
moral force or sentiment over that he then pos-
sessed. That which grows with us and of us
can never be shaken off. The religious edu-
cation of youth holds with old age.
There is another cause for the lawless deeds
which it is expected Congress will take the
necessary steps to punish and for the future
prevent. It is the uncompromising hostility,
some say disloyalty, to the Government which
the rebellion has left in the hearts of men.
Of this I think there can be no doubt. Hatred
to the Union, treason, cannot be whipped out
of men. Defeats, disasters, and humiliations
are not likely to generate loveTorour Govern-
ment. By what method of reasoning can we
persuade ourselves that these men can look
with favor upon the standard under whose folds
legions were marshaled for their overthrow,
and that they can have no lingering affection
for what to them was the brightest vision of
their lives? On the contrary, ought we not to
expect that they will guard with sacred care
what remains of that they so devoutly wor-
shiped ? Can they, with their political faith,
do less than strive with their utmost power to
make respected and honored that for which
they sacrificed so much? They would elevate
their leaders and degrade ours. Treason is
not likely to become odious by any acts of
theirs. It is not the sentimentswhieh inspire
these men. I take exception to so much as the
consequences resulting therefrom. I recognize
the facts, and think the country would be wise
in remembering them. I speak of the large
majority of those engaged in the rebellion.
Society there in former years was so con-
stituted that the few were educated and the
many kept in ignorance; and the consequence
was, whether designed or not, that the few
held imperial sway over the many and led them
to the right or left as they saw fit. Long in
the habit of obeying, they blindly followed their
leaders into the rebellion, which, had it been
successful, would have resulted for them in
poverty and degradation. And now, when it
is manifest that the abolition of slavery was
the greatest blessing which could have befallen
them, they persist in continuing oblivious
thereto, and still remain the blind instruments
of the men who have so often deceived them.
Those who led them into the rebellion now
lead them, and the better to control them and
unite them in a common cause, appeal to their
passions and prejudices. They assert, and it
is echoed elsewhere, that the State govern-
ments which have been established mainly by
the votes of the colored people are not the
►governments of the people, and that the acts
of Congress which authorized their establish-
ment are unconstitutional. The fruits of the
labors of those who use such means to still
further inflame men's minds have been abun-
dant, as the reports of outrages show.
It is well that the country should know that
unless it takes some action to prevent the
employment, against its friends, of the forces
which we were so many years in overcoming,
this Chamber will be filled with the same men
and the same tones which filled it to the full
and overflowing sdtne ten years since.^ The
i country makes & sad and a grievous mist&kQ
