1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
that argument, and I would not have said one
word in regard to it now but for the fact that
in some way or other the Senator from New
York felt hurt because the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts unwittingly alluded to him. Well,
sir, what the Senator from New York did that
day he was perfectly justified in doing. It is
what I would have done with cheerfulness if
my attention had been directed to it. And
what the Senator from .Wisconsin did that day
was perfectly justified by his position here.
What was done that day was done by the unan-
imous vote of every Senator. Why, then, draw
ourselves into these personal controversies,
into these disclosures of what occurred in
executive session, into arraignments of each
other, when what we did was the common work
of all ?
I hope, therefore, that we shall let go these
two gentlemen who, guided by what they regard
as a sense of honor, have refused to answer
questions that did not affect the character or
dignity of this body ; let them go because the
very moment we go ourselves our power over
them is at an end.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York [Mr. Cokkliko] in correcting
what was said by my colleague has fallen into
an error with regard to myself, and I am the
more artonisbed at it Because on one occasion
he did quote me correctly. He quoted what
1 said when this resolution was pending, or
immediately before its introduction, on one
occasion differently from the way in which he
lias stated it now, and I can remind him of it
precisely. I do not attribute to the Senator
any intention to do me injustice; but he has
fallen into error.
Mr. CONKLING. I interrupt the Senator
to assure him that 1 shall be glad to make the
correction myself if I have done him any
injustice.
Mr. SUMNER. My language was, as I
think the Senate will remember, "Institute
this inquiry or give up the rule;" and my
emphasis was particularly on "give up the
rule." " Institute this inquiry or give up the
rule; " and I proceeded to state in executive
session something of the experience of the
Senate on other occasions, concluding agaiu
with an exhortation to "institute the inquiry
or give up the rule." I was perfectly willing
and, indeed, desirous that the inquiry should
proceed to such a point as would determine
whether any Senator or official of this body
was implicated. My friend from Missouri [Mr.
Suiiurz] reminds me that I introduced a reso-
lution to give up the rule. It is an old habit
of mine in this body. The first year that I
had the honor of a seat iu this Chamber I sus-
tained a motion by my excellent friend, Mr.
Chase, to abolish the rule of secrecy.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator passes
to that will he allow me an interruption?
Mr. SUMNER.* Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Will he be good enough
to point out to me the error into which be
thinks I have fallen?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator omitted the
last and operative words of what I said. He
slated that I said "we must now stand on the
ancient ways." I think I made use of no such
expression in that connection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
desires to state, with the permission of Sen-
ators, that the injunction of secrecy was re-
moved from the resolutions and from the votes
of the day referred to. At first the Chair,
according to his recollection, supposed that
the injunction of secrecy had been removed
from all tiie proceedings'of that day, but with
the iecord before him the Chair will now feel
bound to interrupt any Senator who quotes the
oehale in executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I shouid not have alluded
to it except that certain words were attributed
to me which in their connection 1 did not
use.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That the
Senator has a right to say.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York, therefore, unconsciously did me injus-
tice.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a right also, if
the Senator permits me, as he does at this
moment, to call his attention to the fact that I
did not refer in any way to his view about
the rule. His resolution to rescind it I have
a right to refer to, because ll was offered, the
Senator will remember, in open session, and I
took occasion to offer an amendment to it
myself to make it broader ; and the Senator
knows that he and I are not apart, at least in
regard to our judgment that we must either
reform abuses or abolish the rule. I referred
merely to that part of the Senator's remarks
which related to the pending .subject, and
surely I see nothing in what he has said in any
way conflicting with my statement; and I re-
mind him again, if I may without violating the
rule, that he informed us that there had been
no instance in the history of the Government
in which such a thing as this had been passed
over by the Senate, but that they had always
made the effort to find out how it was.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think there again the
Senator puts into my mouth something that I
did not say. I believe I am justified in that.
I think that the Senator does not faithfully
report; I do not doubt that he intends to faith-
fully report; but when he undertook to place
certain words in my mouth which at best were
only half a sentence, an unfinished sentence,
then, I submit, he did not do me justice. I
submit he should have gone on and stated what
every Senator about me knows, not merely
from my declarations in executive session, but
in public session and in private conversation,
that I am against the rule, that I have always
been in favor of this proceeding, so far as I
have given it any sanction, simply as one
means of developing the absurdity of the rule.
I foresaw much of this consequence when
we began; but I was perfectly willing that it
should go on, knowing that if we succeeded
in finding the offender it would be just; if we
did not succeed, if we ran against the usual
impediment, then the rule would be exhibited
in its imbecility. So it has been exhibited;
and therefore was I right in my original idea,
and I hope that the Senator from New York
if he has occasion to discuss this again will
bear in mind that if I said anything in exec-
utive session, and I do not pretend to say that
I did, it was to present the alternative prop-
osition "institute this inquiry, or give up the
rule," my special emphasis being on "give up
the rule."
Now, sir, I am sorry to be diverted from the
main question, which is the liberty of two
fellow-citizens. I hope the Senate before it
adjourns will by formal vote give them that
liberty, and I hope that it will not, even by
implication, hand them over to any further
custody. We have gone far enough in this
inquiry. When Senators say, "Shall the Senate
retire ; shall the Senate confess that it cannot
prevail in this controversy," my answer,is what
good object can be attained by pursuing the
inquiry? "Better late than never;" better
give up a business in which we ought to have
stopped the moment the impediment showed
itself.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
say nothing of what took place in executive
session; I was certain from the first that the
injunction of secrecy had not been removed
from debate; but this I can say without vio-
lating any rule, that I know of no member
of this Senate who is more responsible than
every other member for the institution of this
investigation, for the appointment of the com-
mittee. If there was responsibility upon one
there was responsibility upon all, and, so far
as I know, an equal responsibility; for how
could it be otherwise? What Senator would
have dared to get up here and oppose an in-
vestigation that touched the honor of the bodyj
as its honor was touched when the question
■was whether a Senator had not committed
an offense which subjected him, if guilty, to
expulsion from the body ? When that was the
question how could any Senator dare for a
moment not to give it his support?
Mr. President, no particular responsibility
rests upon anybody. Without saying how the
vote stood or anything about the vote, without
stating what was said, it is sufficient to know
that the honor of the Senate required that
committee to be appointed and that it was
appointed. I have seen in a newspaper, I do
not remember which newspaper it was, and in
more than one—I think it was the Tribune and
in more than one number—statements that the
Senator from New York nearest me [Mr.
Conkukg] was the instigator of this investiga-
tion, and that the Senator from Wisconsin,
£Mr. Carpenter,] to use the language that I
believe was used in the article, was his mere
cat's-paw. The Senator from Wisconsin the
cat's-paw of anybody 1 That is only calculated
to excite a smile of contempt in this body
which knows his ability, knows his independ-
ence, and knows that he is not the faithful
servant of any man whomsoever.
I did not understand the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts who spoke first [Mr. Wilson] as
intending to repeat that direct statement made
in the newspaper. If he had I should have felt
that the Senator from New York was quite
justified in the heat that he exhibited in his
reply to it; but I did not so understand him.
Why he made the remark at all it is for him
to explain, if he has not sufficiently explained
it. But so far as the question of responsibility
is concerned, I repeat that no Senator on this
floor is responsible any more tlian another.
A word now in regard to what took place after-
ward in open session. We were bound to raise
that committee; we were bound to see that the
investigation took place. Finally the question
came before the Senate, what shall we do with
two witnesses who have refused to answer
proper questions? Then the debate was in
open Senate, and then what took place ? Then
the question was whether the Senate should
take another step, whether it should proceed
to the utmost extremity" of the law against
those witnesses; and when it came to that
question I did think, as much as I was in favor
of the investigation, that it was not a case for
proceeding to the ultimate extremity of the
law. Then I did think that the course now
indicated by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] to turn these people over to a
court of justice to be prosecuted under the
statute, was the course that was best in itself
and most likely to preserve the dignity of the
Senate; and now I think a^ majority of the
Senate are of exactly that opinion.
That is exactly where I differed from a ma-
jority of the Senate, not at all in censuring the
investigation, not at all in censuring any mem-
ber of the committee, much less censuring the
committee. It is nothing of that kind at all;
but as a matter of mere discretion—for it was
a matter of discretion in the Senate whether it
would proceed to the utmost extremity of the
law against these persons—exercising my own
judgment upon that question of discretion, I
thought it was best not to do so, but to turn
them over to the court; and if my judgment
had been followed they never would have been
imprisoned an hour. That is what I thought
was right; but I do say again that my colleague
is mistaken when he supposes there is the least
ground in the world to arraign the committee
as having transcended their power.
The committee have not transcended their
powers at all. They asked no question that
was not a proper question to be asked. Sup-
pose they had been limited to the inquiry,
"Did a Senator disclose the treaty?" in Heav-
en's name, are they to take the answer of the
