904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
witness as conclusive that a Senator did not?
Were they not bound to find out from whom
he got it, if only for the purpose of testing
whether that witness told the truth in saying
that no Senator was implicated. They were
bound to ask him from whom he got it. And
when you come to consider that if the witness
had disclosed the man and they had brought
that man up he might have fixed it on a Sen-
ator, it is perfectly plain that it was a proper
question. No lawyer can doubt it for a
moment. The committee has not transcended
its powers in the least degree in the world;
and if this matter is to be disposed of now, as
I hope it will be disposed of, I trust that no
man will say that the Senate means to rebuke
the committee. If any one shall say so, he
will do the committee a gross and flagrant act
of wrong.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senate
was summoned here to do a special work.
That work is accomplished. We are about to
part. I shall not be provoked by any warmth
of manner, nor vehemence nor bitterness of
expression on the part of the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkt.<ng,] into
the ut'erance of language unworthy of this
time or this place. 1 would rather carry with
me from this Chamber the sense of wrong
done me than to carry with me the conscious-
ness that I had wronged any member of this
body. In the one case heart, conscience, and
reason might lead me to forget and forgive,
while in the other they would be to me per-
petual sources of regretful memory. The hon-
orable Senator tells me that my kindness of
heart and amiability accounts for some of my
faults that he cannot otherwise account for.
1 wish all my faults sprang from kindness of
heart and amiability of temperament. And
I wish, too, that the Senator's enemies could
account for some of his errors by his kindness
of heart, amiability of temperament, and mild-
ness of manner.
In replying to the Senator from Vermont, I
referred to the fact that the resolution for the
appointment of a committee of investigation
was drawn by the Senator from New York,
and presented by the Senator from Wisconsin.
I was called to order for disclosing what hap-
pened in executive session. I had the impres-
sion that I had the right, as has now been
declared by the Chair, to refer to that resolu-
tion. But 1 apologized for referring to what
happened in executive session, and did not
finish what I purposed to say, that the resolu-
tion had received the unanimous vote of the
Senate, and that we were all quite as respons-
ible for it as the Senator from New York who
drafted it, or the Senator from Wisconsin who
presented it. The Senator from New York
took me to task for referring to what happened
in executive session, and doing so in his ab-
sence. I supposed the Senator was within hear-
ing of my voice when I spoke, and I did not
think I was disclosing executive secrets. After
rebuking me for my inadvertence, if it was
one, he deliberately revealed to us what took
place in executive session touching the origin
of the resolution. Instead of denying that
he drafted the resolution, he admits that he
did so. I knew that he did it, and that the
original was in his hand-writing
But I say to the Senator from New York
and to the Senator from Wisconsin that it was
no purpose of mine to put the responsibility
of this investigation upon them nor to put them
in a false position before the country. I con-
cur in the remark of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurman,] that we all united in order-
ing the investigation, and are all equally re-
sponsible for it. I say to the Senator from
New Yoik that during the years I have sat in
the Senate I have never framed any dispatch
nor written any letter putting any of my asso-
ciates here in a false position, or uttering any
unkind or unjust words concerning them. In
proot of the truth of this declaration I release
all letter-writers and telegraphers, all the
holders of the hundreds of my letters that
must be in the hands of others, from all obli-
gations of secrecy. I have thus acted delib-
erately, and shall continue to do so; and if
here, by word or act, I have unwittingly or in
the ardor of debate wronged the Senator from
New York or any of my associates, I have
been and shall be always happy to right the
wrong. ,
M r. STEWART. Mr. President, this appears
to be the hour of confession.
Several Senators. No ; it is the dinner
hour.
Mr. STEWART. The way the Senate is
exposing its short-comings has rather taken
away my appetite. [Laughter.] It is agreed
all around that we are all equally guilty in
the inauguration of these proceedings. Some
gentlemen that backed out at an earlier day
appear to have thereby relieved themselves
from the degree of crime that other Senators
stand charged with. That is a very singular
position to occupy.
In the first place, Mr. President, I do not
feel very guilty for anything I have done in this
connection. I did not feel very anxious about
inaugurating this proceeding. I believe that I
can say that I had no agency in it, though I voted
for the passage of the resolution. I do not
think I have done anything since then which
was not the logical result of that act. If I
have, I want to be pardoned for something;
but if I have done nothing that was not the
logical result of that act, then I am only
equally guilty with all the Senate in attempting
to make any kind of an investigation of this
character. I am discussing the degree of guilt,
as that appears to be the only issue.
The resolution of the Senate authorized an
investigation as to how this treaty became
public, and it raised a committee for that
purpose. The committee asked the ordinary
question of the witnesses, the very first ques-
tion in such an investigation, " Where did you
get the treaty ; from whom did you get the
treaty ?" From the highest court to the lowest
court this would be the ordinary question if
such a matter were to be investigated. If the
tribunal was inquiring how the treaty became
public, if a witness were called who said he
knew how it had become public, he would be
asked at once, " Where did you get it; from
whom did you get it?" Remember, he says he
knows from whom he got it and how it became
public. It seems to me that it was the natural
and logical result of the resolution to say that
the witnesses should be required to answer.
No one can maintain for a moment that that
was not a legitimate and proper question to
ask, and the committee were unanimous, as
they have stated repeatedly on this floor, in-
cluding the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts and the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, among the ablest and most experienced
Senators. All agreed that the witnesses in
refusing to answer were in contempt. They
reported unanimously that these were proper
questions, and that it wa3 the legal duty of the
witnessess to answer them, and that they were
in contempt of the Senate for not answering.
That must be the conclusion of every lawyer.
Then the question of the treaty becoming
public became a minor consideration. The
question was whether the Senate should go
on legitimately and enforce its authority, or
whether it shouldallowa contempt to be com-
mitted without enforcing the authority of the
Senate. Logically, when a contempt is com-
mitted, and a committee ask the Senate to en-
force its authority, it seems to me that every
one who had voted for the resolution and had
committed the first offense was bound to see
that a precedent was not set that a contempt
might be committed here without punishment.
It seems to me that was logical, and I voted
consistently for that purpose.
Now, I do not believe that any Senator was
guilty, either in voting for the investigation or
in voting for any of the logical consequences
of that investigation. But there is one thing
that I have observed ; that there has been a
constant shifting of responsibility. I have
observed the load thrown upon one or two
Senators. They have been denominated "jail-
ors they have been hunted down in a way
that is entirely unjust and entirely unfair. I
never before have seen Senators for pursuing
their duty hunted down in this manner. It
seems to me that it is the duty of every Sen-
ator here to take his share of the responsibility,
because I do not believe that there is a Senator
who can maintain for one moment that any
step that has been taken since the first vote for
the resolution was illogical. Others have said
that they were willing to abandon the investi-
gation. The Senator from Ohio farthest from
me [Mr. Thorman] says he is willing to give
up the investigation, does not think it worth
while to pursue it any further.
Mr. THUJRMAN. No.
Mr. STEWART. At any rate he is willing
to discharge these men. The Senator may
arrive at that conclusion, that he will not pur-
sue it any further; but he cannot maintain for
one moment that the votes and acts of those
who have pursued this inquiry in the logical
and legitimate way are anything but the re-
sults of a part of his act in voting for the ori-
ginal resolution and placing the Senate in that
position where it is the duty of each Senator
to take his share of the responsibility. It
seems to me—and I would not say a word now
but for the fact that I want to take my full
share of the responsibility—if the Senate is
to be punished, if Senator: are to be hereafter
pursued in the papers for this act, if they are
to be pursued and punished by the public press
for this act, which seems to me to be the
logical result of the act that every Senator did,
it is fair that every Senator who is a gentle-
man, who has any honor about him, should bo
willing to take his part of the responsibility
which is the result of confiding a duty to a
committee, selecting a cotamittee, command-^
ing them to obey your behests, commanding
them to make an investigation. It is our duty
to stand by them and not attempt to shirk this
responsibility. It is the duty of every Senator
not to shirk this responsibility.
I know I am the humblest member of this
body ; it makes very little difference what the
newspapers say of me. I have no high aspira-
tions to be spoiled by anything they can say. It
is very immaterial to me ; it may be more
material to others; but I say to those who stand
higher than I do, and who have more to expect
from the public, that it is their duty to tike
their equal share of the responsibility in this
matter.
Now, as to keeping these witnesses here dur-
ing the recess, that is another question. We
have now other cases of contempt. It is very
manifest that we are not going to stay here to
go through with them. I care very little what
is done now. so far as proceeding further is con-
cerned ; but whatever we do, I say that this
committee have done no more than their simple
duty, no more than what was logically required
of them when we passed the resolution of
investigation and required of them to proceed
in this matter.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not rise to make any apology for anything
that I have done in reference to this matter,
or to make any confessions. I believe 1 have
acted with the Senate and with the committee
from the beginning, and 1 desire to take my
full share of the responsibility, it' any there
be. I have no sympathy with the idea that
there is nothing wrong in offering a reward
for the acquisition of a private paper, panic-
ularly if that paper is private by the laws of
the land. Nothing wrong! Why, it might
imperil the most sacred public interests by its
disclosure. It is a temptation to all those who
