198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
unhappy days of organized violence and fraud
the masses of our countrymen concluded, per-
haps without any very deep research, that our
Constitution and the laws gave us the best
Government in the whole world.
It is believed that the revolutionary war of
our forefathers gave us one and all what they
asserted we were entitled to in the Declaration
of Independence; namely, "that we hold these
truths to the self-evident that all men are cre-
ated equal, that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain unalienable rights. That
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness." "That to secure these rights,
governments are instituted among men.'' I
assert that the generally received opinion has
been that these rights are secured to all. But
such is not the fact. When millions are suffer-
ing as are our friends at the South, and we are
told that the Constitution forbids the needed
succor, the circumstances under which that
Constitution had its birth being considered, the
natural question arises, this assertion being
true, why not take immediate steps to amend
it, that the purposes of its founders may be
accomplished? However, I believe the Con-
stitution does authorize protection to our citi-
zens; that it not only authorizes, but imper-
atively commands the General Government to
give the needed protection where all other
power fails.
Those who may be willing for such a state
of affairs as we have at the South should not
forget that most serious consequences must
follow so great a wrong. What would honor-
able Senators from the North say if their own
constituency were the victims of such a spirit?
I need not utter the only sentiment which could
find place in their hearts. We hear men de-
ploring or pretending to deplore a war of races,
yet those are defended and justified and
shielded who are urging forward that event by
acts prohibited by every law divine and human,
and which cannot be surpassed in cruelty and
inhumanity by any deeds ever committed on
the face of the earth. The time will come,
unless a change from the present be made,
when the nation will be forced to interfere,
even the Constitution to the contrary notwith-
standing.
If the condition of one portion of the people
at the South be as represented, and you know
it, as you can if you will, I cannot understand
how you dare longer remain passive. The
isBue before you is simple and plain. You
have directed a committee of this Senate to
inquire into and report on these outrages.
They report that citizens are for political
reasons being deprived of life, liberty, and
property, and that State governments cannot
give the needed protection. Now, you have
either to act. or by refusing to act to declare
that this Republic, with all its vaunted power
and greatness, cannot protect its own citizens.
Mr. SCOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. POOL. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for one moment.
Mr. SCOTT. For what purpose ?
Mr. POOL. I wish to correct a statement
made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thcr-
MAn] in his remarks.
Mr. SCOTT. I will yield for a moment for
that purpose.
Mr. POOL. It has been called to my atten-
tion that the Senator frotn Ohio when he was
on the floor 
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] calls my attention to the fact
that tho Senator from Ohio is not now in his
seat. I do not know that that would make any
difference in regard to the remarks of my friend
from North Carolina.
Mr. POOL. I do not know that it makes
any difference. I have nothing to say to the
Senator himself, but simply in reply to what
he said. I have been told that it would be
better that I should call atteution to the state-
meat in regard to the figures given by that
Senator, because, if they should go unchal-
lenged, it might be supposed that they were
true. I understood the Senator to say that
there were only 3,000 white votes cast in the
State of North Carolina in the last election.
That will be news to everybody in that State
of all parties.
Mr. BAYARD. On the Radical side.
Mr. POOL. Republican white votes. That
will be news to all parties in that State. I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to how
very erroneous that statement is. There were
not less than 30,000 white Republican votes
east in the last election in North Carolina.
That vote was between 30,000 and 35,000. I
think it did not exceed 35,000. That is the
true statement of the case. There were from
48,000 to 55,000 colored votes cast in the last
election.
You will observe, sir, that there is a very wide
difference between my statement and the state-
ment of the Senator from Ohio. I say there
were from 30,000 to 35,000 white Republican
votes in North Carolina at the last election; he
says only 3,000. I have not had an opportunity
to go entirely through the list, but I will ask
the Senate and the country to say whether it
is not fair for me to make this statement. I
will commence alphabetically with the coun-
ties in North Carolina. I will commence with
the county of Ashe; not with the county of
Alamance, for that was in a state of insurrec-
tion, and of course that would be no fair test.
I will take four counties—Ashe, Buncombe,
Cherokee, and Clay. I find that in the county
of Ashe there were registered 82 colored voters
and there were cast 698 Republican votes. I
find in the county of Buncombe there were 411
colored voters registered and there were cast
981 Republican votes. In Cherokee county
there were 35 registered colored voters and
there were cast 304 Republican votes. In the
county of Clay there were 10 colored voters
registered and there were cast 174 Republican
votes. In the aggregate there were in those
four counties 538 registered colored voters and
there were cast 2,157 Republican votes. By
a simple subtraction you will observe that in
those four counties there must have been 1,619
white Republican votes. There is more than
one half of the Senator's 3,000.
Now, sir, in order to be perfectly fair,-1 go
down to the bottom of the list alphabetically,
and take four other counties ana see what I
get there; and I take the last county on the
list, not having had time to run through the
whole ninety counties. I take the county of-
Yadkin. There were registered in the county
of Yadkin 49 colored voters and there were
245 Republican votes cast. In the county of
Yancey there were 252 colored voters regis-
tered, and 511 Republican votes cast. In the
county of Wayne there were 1.304 colored vot-
ers registered and 1,785 Republican votes cast.
In the county of Wilkes there were 261 colored
voters registered and 911 Republican votes
cast; making in the aggregate in those four
counties 1,806 colored voters registered and
3,452 Republican votes cast; showing that in
those four counties there were 1,586 white
Republican voters.
Then, sir, in eight counties of the State it
is shown that there were 3,205 white Repub-
lican voters, and the Senator from Ohio says
that those were all there were and more than
all there were in the whole ninety counties of
the State. You will see that I have commenced
alphabetically at the top of the list of counties
and gone down four counties; I have, then, for
fairness, gone to the bottom of the list and gone
up four counties, and in those eight counties
there were cast by white Republican voters
more than the number of votes that the Sen-
ator says was cast in the whole ninety coun-
ties by white irien for the Republican ticket.
Then, as a matter of curiosity, I made a
strike in the middle for one county, and I take
the county of Rutherford. In that county there
were 458 colored voters registered ; there were
cast 1,104 Republican votes; showing that
there must have been in that county 076 white
Republican voters. I only mention this to show
how perfectly reckless such a statement is on
the part of the Senator. It is not much more
so than many statements I have heard, and to
which before this debate closes I hope to have
an opportunity of calling the attention of the
Senate.
But before I take my seat, if the Senator
from Pennsylvania will allow me a moment
further, I desire to reply to another remark.
The Senator from Ohio says there were some-
thing in the neighborhood of 80,000 colored
men in North Carolina belonging to the
.leagues, I believe he said. That was by one
•of the witnesses before the special committee
I believe, that, as the Republicans got only
83,000 votes, therefore there were only 3,000
white voters on the Republican side. That is
the way the Senator from Ohio argues. Not
to go fully into that subject, there is nothing
like that number of colored voters in the State.
But let us see what has become of these colored
voters. I will take alphabetically the first of
the Ku Klux counties that have been called to
the attention of the Senate by the report of
the committee. Take Catawba. I leave out
Alamance again, because that waS in insur-
rection, and it would not be considered fair.
Catawba county has registered 289 colored
voters, and it cast 149 Republican votes; a
fewer number of Republican votes than there
were colored voters registered. Why ? That
is one of the Ku Klux counties. It is known
that there are over 200 white Republicans in
that county ; there were 289 colored men regis-
tered there, and only 149 Republican votes
cast.
Coming down the list alphabetically, take the
county of Chatham, another one of these Ku
Klux counties. There were 1,225 colored men
registered and there were only 1,124 Repub-
lican votes cast, when it is known that there
are nearly 600 white voters in that county on
the Republican side.
Then take the county of Rockingham, which
has been referred to here. I select that county
because Judge Settle, who has been confirmed
as our minister to Peru, has been given some
prominence in connection with it. I strike
the county of Rockingham, one of the Ku Klux
counties testified to by him, and I suppose
what he said in regard to that county will not
be disputed by any one. I find in that county
there were 1,421 colored voters registered, and
only 1,143 Republican votes cast, showing that
there were 300 less Republican votes cast
than there were colored men registered. That
accounts for the calculation of the Senator
from Ohio.
I would not have made this statement had I
not been told by several Senators around me
that if I suffered such a statement as that made
by the Senator from Ohio to go unchallenged,
it would seem as if I was assenting to it. You
see in what manner I have in a few moments
dealt with the facts, by going from the top to
the bottom of the list, and then striking in the
middle, taking these counties alphabetically.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me a moment?
Mr. SCOTT. There are two Senators
appealing to me.
Mr. NYE. I rise for the purpose of asking
the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania yield to the Senator from Dela-
ware or to the Senator from Nevada?
Mr. SCO IT. I should wish to know what
each of them wishes before I yield the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from North
Carolina was informed that the Senator from
Ohio, whose remarks he proposed to answer,
was absent from the Chamber; but he pre
ferred to answer in his absence. As I had
