1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
some means of knowing the information upon
which the Senator from Ohio spoke, 1 thought
it would be agreeable that the answer to the
Senator from North Carolina should be made
at once.
Mr. POOL. I did not prefer it. I said I
supposed it would make no difference, as it
was merely to answer figures, and there was
nothing to be said as regards the Senator him-
self.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator was informed
of the absence of the Senator from Ohio and
elected to go on.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Ohio is
able to take care of himself.
Mr. BAYARD. Itwas not in his presence,
but his absence.
Mr. SCOTT. He can see what the Senator
from North Carolina has said, in the Globe,
and can reply to it. Now I wish to hear from
the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I rose for the purpose of asking
a favor at the hands of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I have unexpectedly received in-
formation that I must leave town to-night. I
desire to say a few words on this question, and
I rise to ask the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania to indulge me by yielding me the floor,
as I am compelled to leave the city. I pledge
myself to«be short.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Nevada
says he is under the necessity of leaving the
city this evening. I desire to say what I have
to say this evening; but if he is about to ad-
dress the Senate briefly, as he says, of course
in courtesy I cannot decline yielding to him,
as he is about to leave the city.
Mr. NYE. I shall observe my promise to
the Senator from Pennsylvania. I shall be
brief in the remarks that I have to submit.
Mr. President, we have fallen upon strange
times. While we are sitting here to-day the
voice comes to us, from a thousand sources,
of woe, of distress, of murder, of rapine, of
assassination. It comes to us by every me-
dium of communication that is extant. I shall
approach the consideration of this question, I
hope, with that gravity to which the subject is
entitled.
It must be a very strong instinct, if not
judgment, in times of distress, in times when
individuals and parties are driven to close
quarters, that they think themselves hidden
from public view if they do as the partridge
does, which hides its head under a leaf while
the more prominent portion of the body is
exposed. They seek for safety somewhere,
and when hard driven my honorable friend
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] exhibited that
in the highest degree yesterday by sheltering
himself under what he termed his version of
constitutional right. Sir, there are some
rights that are inherent. There are some
rights in Government that are not given by
the Constitution. The very term "govern-
ment" implies a power; and I take it, it has
two intrinsic rights that you do not have to
consult constitutions to find; first, the right
of self-protection both from internal and ex-
ternal sources. Therefore, while I shall not
plead for the Constitution in what I have to say,
I shall stand upon the inherent rights of Gov-
ernment, and one of the strongest obligations
of a government, either by constitutional or
by natural right, is to protect its citizen where
ever he may be. To that point I shall address
myself.
I shall not enter into a labored argument to
show that a Ku Klux organization exists, for
that is apparent to every one. The honorable
Senator from Delaware was driven _ to the
admission of the fact that such organizations
did and do exist, and that their work is murder
and destruction to those who disagree with
them politically.
Mr. President, one of the hardest things for
the Democracy to learn is to accept the issue
of the late war. They learned their lessons
of Democracy when the music to which they
marched was the music of the lash and the
rattle of the gyves and fetters, and it is hard
for them to break away and to step to the newer
music of freedom. I therefore find in my heart
many apologies for their course of proceeding
upon this question.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stevenson,]-with all of his apparent, and I
presume real candor, had to let the thing out
at last in the case of a late outrage in his State.
It was the appointment of a negro mail agent
upon that great route which he said was well
calculated to excite those who differed with
him, and to draw down upon him the ven-
geance of Republicans whose rights had been
overlooked for the purpose of giving that
appointment to this negro. Sir, that is the
lesson they are so slow to learn, that he who
was a slave is clothed with the imperishable
garments of a freeman; but it is written as a
fact, and it is a fact, that Republicans and
Democrats have got to ad mit and acknowledge.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me a word?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. It was not that the
appointment of a mail agent who was a col-
ored man had offended Democrats, but it was
the appointment of a colored man who had
done nothing for his country, and who had
been preferred over leading Republicans who
had been Federal soldiers, that offended the
Republicans, who, I charged, assaulted him.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to answer that?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. After hearing the state-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky on Satur-
day, I made inquiry about it to learn whether
it was true, as intimated, that this colored man
had been appointed over Federal soldiers and
that they had become indignant, and that they,
according to the intimation, had probably com-
mitted this crime. I learned from the Post
Office Department (and I have the memoranda
here made out in the Department) that this
colored mail agent was first appointed on the
road from Louisville to Crab Orchard—not for
the road from Louisville to Lexington at all;
that after having been appointed on that road
for some time he was transferred to the Louis-
ville and Lexington road, and that the agent
running on the Louisville and Lexington road
took his place on the other, and that the
transfer was made at the request of the agent
running on the Louisville and Lexington road.
I further learned that when this colored man was
appointed on the Louisville and Crab Orchard
road itwastofill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of a man by the name of Gill, and
that there was no other applicant for the place
at that time; that on the resignation of Gill
this man, livingin Louisville, was recommended
by Hon. James Speed and Judge Wharton as
a man of high character and well qualified.
He was a teacher, teaching (he colored children
of Louisville. I mention this for the purpose of
dispelling the story that he was appointed over
Federal soldiers who thereby became justly
indignant. In that respect I submit the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky has been deceived,
has been misled by some statement.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not profess to
know of my own knowledge who were appli-
cants; but when the facts are truly understood
I think the Senator from Indiana will find out
that the statement 1 made, that there were
soldiers in the Federal Army who were appli-
cants for this position that this negro man
Gibson obtained will be substantiated. I state
it upon the authority of the public press of
Kentucky ; I state it upon the information of
gentlemen on whom I rely. I have no informa-
tion on the subject myself.
Mr. MORTON. I desire simply to say, in
answer to that, that I make my statement upon
the authority of the Post Office Department,
that there was no other applicant upon Gill's
resignation but this colored man, and that h8
was immediately appointed.
Mr. NYE. Whether that be so or not, the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky but puts me upon a firmer ground in the
position I had assumed, that even with some
Republicans who have been nicely washed, this
prejudice exists, and they are slow to acknow-
ledge the right of colored men. Much of this
prejudice exists in certain localities, and it may
be that some Republicans are not entirely free
from it. But I venture the assertion against the
honorable Senator's, that when the truth comes
to be known no Republican hand was lifted in
that outrage; and I leave that, suggestion against
suggestion, until history shall make clear that
which we now surmise.
Now, Mr. President, the fact exists, as stated
in this resolution, that these organizations exist,
and in the State of North Carolina their strength
numbers forty thousand.
Mr. BAYARD. Have you any proof of
that?
Mr. NYE. I have only the proof of those
who belonged to the order. I have the same
proof that the honorable Senator had.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to read the proof if he has it in print.
Mr. NYE. I can turn to half a dozen wit-
nesses who supposed it was about forty thou-
sand. I mention the name of Willeford for
one. I do not suppose that the number is
accurate. I have no doubt it is more. It is
more likely to be more than less. They have
no census of the Ku Klux; they keep no
enumeration upon which they can rely. But,
Bir, from those who have mingled with them,
upon sworn testimony, I here assert that their
number in the State of North Carolina is esti-
mated at forty thousand.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish the Senator would
point to that if he can find it in the record.
That is a fact, if it be so.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will be
good enough to be as quiet as we all were yes-
terday under the infliction of a four hours'
speech, I shall be obliged to him. [Laughter.]
I say in the commencement I have not time to
go into the details of this report; but I assert
that that evidence is found, and I gave the
name of one witness that I remember, the name
of Willeford, who asserts it.
But, Mr. President, suppose it is but twenty
thousand, the fact is apparent that the organ-
ization exists. The evidence appears here
that this Ku Klux Willeford had met with and
mingled with lodges in the State of South Car-
olina near which State he now resides. Does
any man doubt it? Certainly 110 sane man can,
and it is not denied by the Democrats at all;
but they seek to palliate and excuse it. That
is their effort. That appears most clearly in
the testimony of Mr. Turner, who swears he
did not belong to the order, but who, in ray
judgment, was its counselor and advisor, the
most ready witness to palliate and excuse
them. He says in his testimony that he has
no doubt of the existence of the organization,
and that its object is to intimidate and to
murder.
Sir, a Mr. Boyd, a man who Mr. Turner
swore was a gentleman, states, from what he
has experienced himself, he entered the deadly
portal of this organization, and as quick as he
could he extricated himself from the terrible
peril in which he was placed; that this organ-
ization was as broad as the State of North
Carolina, to his knowledge ; and he states that
this terrible oath which they took was in ex-
istence as broad as the order itself.
Now, Mr. President, these are facts. Being
facts uncontradicted, the question comes up,
what shall we do? Some say do nothing. The
honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] begged us to be kind to these erring men,
and reminded us of the terrible excitement that
had been produced by the war, and wondered,
