906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26;
Mr. President, I promised lo renew the mo-
tion to adjourn and I now do so. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at six
o'clock and twenty-one minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
Friday, May 26, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
d. i>.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
communication from H. R. de La Reintrie,
sole agent for the District of Columbia for the
Tellicer refrigerator and ventilator, making a
proposition for the ventilation of the Capitol ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
report os yellowstone expedition.
Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to make a report
from the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pres-
entation of petitions and memorials is in order.
If there be no petitions and memorials, reports
from committees are in order.
Mr. HOWE. Prom t,he Committee on Print-
ing I report back a resolution to print extra
copies of a certain document, being a report
made by Lieutenant Doane in reference to the
Yellowstone expedition, and I ask for its con-
sideration'now.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved. That there be printed for tlio use of the
Senate two thousand* extra copies of Executive
ltoeuoient No. 51, being the report of Lieutenant
Buinfl upon the so-called Yellowstone expedition
of 1870.
communication with printing office.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Itemlved. That the Committee on Printing inquire
into the practicability and cost, of a pneumatic tube
far the transmission of messages and packages be-
tween the Capitol find the Government Printing
Otfice: andaiso of an electric telegraph betweon those
buildings, and report in print at the commencement
of the next session of Congress.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, it
was
Ot dered, That William II. Irwin and Samuel
.Tumeison have leave to withdraw their papers from
the files of the Benate.
printing of a report.
Mr. BLAIR. At the request of the chair-
man of the select Committee on the Mississippi
River Levees. I move that the letter of the chief
of engineers of the Army on the levee system
of the Mississippi river, referred to that com-
mittee on the 13th of March, 1871, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
release of recusant witnesses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now in order,
which is the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to discharge Z.
L. White and H. J. Ramsdell from custody at
the close of the present session of Congress,
and the pending question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
which will be reported.
The resolution was read, as follows:
TitThat the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
i-t'i be, and he i* hereby, directed to discharge Z. L.
While and H. J. Ram?dell, now held in custody by
him by an order of the Senate, immediately upon
' i'o iia:fl rejournment of the present special session
o! the Senate.
The amendment of Mr. Davis, of Kentucky,
iyas to add the following proviso :
l'r That this resolution shall not be held
oi construed to interfere with any legal proceedings
which may be instituted against the said White and
Jiim^dell upon the certificate issued by the Vice
President under the thirdsection of the act of Jan-
uary -J, 1857.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it was
my desire last evening to address the .Senate
for a few minutes on some questions involved
in this maiter, but I felt too unwell to do so
then, and I regret to say that I am still in
feeble health this morning. I shall there-
fore detain the Senate but a very short time.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, I think it necessary to have
an executive session of the Senate, and per-
haps it would suit his convenience, being
unwell, to have that session before he pro-
ceeds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Iowa submit a motion ?
Mr. CARPENTER I think I shall occupy
so short a time that I had better speak now.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I give notice that I
shall make the motion at the close of the hon-
orable Senator's speech.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, Mr.
Webster is said once to have been asked, in
relation to certain accusations against him
concerning an important public transaction,
why he did not vindicate himself. His answer
was that he never cleared his sidewalk until
it had done snowing. There was great wisdom
in this reply. Every man should wait until he
hears all that malice can suggest against him
on a given subject and then meet the allega-
tions. But inasmuch as the Senate is soon to
adjourn, and I am threatened with everlasting
denunciation by the press, I am compelled to
vindicate myself while the storm is still raging.
The circumstances under which this invest-
igation was initiated were stated in the Senate
yesterday. I was not aware even that the
treaty had been published until informed of it
in the Senate on Friday by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Suekman.] My recollection is
that the resolution ordering the investigation
was handed to me by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] who requested me to intro-
duce it, and I did so. No Senator objected to
an investigation ; on the contrary, every Sen-
ator demanded investigation, and the resolu-
tion passed unanimously. Having been ap-
pointed chairman of that committee, it became
my duty, in common with every other member
of the committee, to prosecute a thorough
investigation of the subject .committed. No
sooner was the fact published that the commit-
tee had been raised than I began to receive
anonymous letters, threatening me with the
utmost vengeance of the press if I should dare
to proceed with the investigation so ordered.
I was warned that the public sentiment of the
country is controlled by the press; that the
Washington coirespondents of the various
newspapers could make or break any public
man ; that the investigation was regarded as
an invasion of their privilege to obtain news,
and that in the determination to baffie the
investigation they stood a unit.
Well, sir, notwithstanding these warnings,
I concluded to discharge my duty as a member
of the committee and take the consequences,
well knowing that omission to do so would
justly subject me to public contempt.
The committee assembled and entered upon
the investigation ordered by the Senate. The
witnesses called, who knew the facts, refused
to testify. The committee thereupon reported
to the Senate that the witnesses were in con-
tempt, and recom mended that the Senate shon Id
compel them to purge themselves of the con-
tempt and answer the questions. This report
was concurred in by all the members of the
committee—the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumxeh,] the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Uoxkllxg. J ana myself, the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] not being present.
Iu the verdancy oS my brief service in offi-
cial life I supposed that after the Senate had
ordered aa investigalion and the committee
had entered upon it, and the investigation was
arrested by the contemptuous refusal of wit-
nesses to answer proper and pertinent ques-
tions, there would be no difference of opinion
among Senators in regard to compelling obe-
dience to the order of the Senate. I was led
into this serious error by my former experience
in courts of justice. It often happens that a
court is divided in opinion as to the propriety
of rendering a judgment or the granting of an
injunction, or any other matter thatmay be pre-
sented for its decision ; and judges may dissent
and publish at length their dissenting opinions.
But after the judgment of the court has been
pronounced the dissenting judges, in all sub-
sequent proceedings, as well as those who con-
curred, may safely be relied upon to enforce
the judgment of the court and punish disobe-
dience.
This course is indispensable to the adminis-
tration of justice. The majority of a court
must, in the nature of things, settle the ques-
tion whether an injunction should issue; and
that question being settled, every judge feels
that disobedience must be punished. A judge
who had dissented from the judgment of the
court granting an injunction would commit an
impeachable offense who should thereafter
refuse to punish its violation upon the ground
that he was right and that the majority were
wrong in ordering the injunction. No judge
could stand a moment in the estimation of the
bar who should pursue such a course, but would
be regarded as a dishonored man, an unworthy
judge.
Blinded by my want of legislative experience
and by the little knowledge 1 possessed of judi-
cial proceedings, I was led into the folly ot sup-
posing that upon the precise and mere ques-
tion of whether a witness who had refused to
answer a proper question in an investigation
ordered by the Senate should be compelled to
answer, and whether he should be committed
to jail until he did answer, there could be no
difference of opinion in the Senate ; and that
the resolution ordering the witnesses to stand
committed until they should answer would be
supported by every Senator, without regard
to his private opinion as to the propriety of
the investigation itself which the Senate had
ordered, I i ntrod ueed a resolution to that effect.
But no sooner was the resolution introduced
than the darkness of my mind was illuminated,
and that so suddenly and so violently as very
nearly to obscure my perceptions altogether.
I instantly discovered, greatly to my surprise,
that the precise question, shall the contuma-
cious witness answer the proper interrogato-
ries put to him by the committee, was the only
question which was wholly immaterial. No
Senator questioned that the Senate had the
power to order the investigation; no one denied
that the questions put by the committee were
pertinent and proper, and that the witness was
bound to answer them ; no one denied that he
was in contempt for notanswering them. But
all these admissions, which I regarded as con-
clusive to show that the resolution ought to
pass, were pronounced by some Senators to
be wholly immaterial.
The habits of a lawyer's mind induce him to
confine his thoughts to the precise subject to
be determined. But, sir, a lawyer is a poor
narrow-minded minister of mere justice. He
comes to regard all men as bound by the law,
and seems to think that the law ought to be
enforced impartially ; that the high and the
low, the rich and the poor, the lettered and
the unlettered, must ^like submit to the laws
of the land. And if the law declares that any
witness on the stand shall answer a certain
question, without regard to what may be the
rank, wealth, power, learning, occupation, or
profession of the witness,- why, sir, a mere
lawyer is degraded enough to think that tiie
witness must answer. A lawyer believes that
what the law declares to he criminal is a crime,
whether committed by a gieat man or a small
one, a powerful man or a weak one, a rich man
or a poor man ; that crime consists in the
violation of positive law ; and that whoever
violates such law commits a crime and merits
