1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
This, then, is the plain statement of facts:
that at whatever sacrifice, at whatever cost of
blood and treasure it may be necessary to
expend, power they mast have, though, they
take the freedmen who are yet clothed in their
swaddling-clothes of freedom to build a bridge
across the chasm between them and power.
We shall do well, Mr. President, if we look
this question fair in the face. To avert this
terrible climax I would apply the corrective
now. To save our country from another des-
olating war I would nip this new rebellion in
its infancy. Whether that course be wise or
not let the history of the past determine. If
Mr. Buchanan had put two men-of-war in the
harbor of Charleston when the secession con-
vention met, and told them that hewould blow
that city to ashes if that convention did not
immediately dissolve and go home, the rebel-
lion would have been postponed. But, sir,
with that same kind care that the Democracy
always seem to have for those who are wrong,
they hugged the delusive hope to their bosom
that those men would not do much harm. It
was that timid policy of Mr. Buchanau'sadmin-
istration that drenched this country in blood.
Sir, had old General Jackson been at the helm
he would have strangled this monster in its
birth; but it was that effeminacy which then
pervaded the councils of the nation, calling it
by no harsher name, that deluged this country
in blood.
Sir, what is our duty now? Every principle
of manhood and every principle of humanity
demand that the power of this Government
should stop this indiscriminate and wholesale
slaughter. There is not a breeze that comes
from the South but what is freighted with the
cry of murder. From the western side of the
Mississippi clear around the South every day
the papers are filled with wrongs and outrages
which curdle the blood of humanity. And yet
we are told that all the remedies must be mild
and we must wait until the now apparent or
temporary insanity of the South passes away.
But, sir, if it must be gorged with more blood,
I say stop it now.
Mr. President, there is a consideration in
this that reaches far above any party view.
With parties my friend from Ohio and myself
will soon be done, and it will be a matter of
but little importance to him or me what party
shall succeed. But, sir, there is something in
the performance of duty, as another has said
far more able than I, that is with us through
life, with us in the hour of death, and with us
in the day of judgment. Sir, the American
Senate sit here to-day with their ears saluted
with the cry of murder ; and yet as unmoved
are the Democracy as though it was the cry of
an alleluia. Sir, the sound of the scourger's
lash is heard in our ears ; and yet we seetn to
be satisfied if it is not upon our own bodies.
The muscle twinges and the nervea_ twinge as
sensitively in a colored man as in myself.
Every blow that is struck at a Republican's
back or a Democrat's awakens a responding
echo in my heart. We are Senators, guard-
ians of the people's rights, protectors of their
liberties, and what protection do we give?
The protection that vultures give to the lamb.
To day ten men are murdered ; our nerves are
momentarily stirred; they settle down with a
calm composure till shocked again to-morrow
morning with the news of twenty more. ^
Sir. 1 want to inquire, how voracious is the
maw of Democracy? When will it be satisfied
with this human suffering, with this human woe?
How many more do you demand shall be onereo.
up before we can awake an echo in your hearts
to respond to the call of suffering humanity?
Sir, others mav do as they choose, but as lor
me I will stay here and put forth every energy
until the most stringent law which the Consti-
tution will permit is made to save my fellow-
men from these intolerable sufferings.
Some timid men say "if you legislate, you
may injure the Republican party." Away with
such considerations! If I knew it would doom
the Republican party to eternal oblivion, I
could never sit here in my seat and hear silently
and without action these appeals for protection
from the poor, maimed, and scourged victims
of this wrong and outrage. Is there anything
necessarily in the principles of Democracy that
should make the heart callous? Is there, I
inquire, anything so desirable in power a3 to
lead you to step to it over the bones and man-
gled bodies of our fellow-citizens ? _ ■
Sir, especially is it right for the Republican
Senators here to legislate on this subject. Our
hearts have been warmed, I trust, with a little
of the glowing, genial influences of republican
liberty. We have had our triumphs, and they
stand recorded by archangels. They are the
triumphs of freedom. The lash has given place
to persuasion ; the school-book has been sub-
stituted for flogging; and while now this infant
population are struggling in the A B C of
freedom, whose glimpses are but dim compared
with ours, where is the Republican upon whose
brow is recorded these mighty achievements
that will hesitate to do what is necessary to
perpetuate these glorious^ victories? Who
trembles at this danger? The same God who
took us through this fiery ordeal and battle's
confusion will stand by us now.
I know that the waves of political commo-
tion are rolling mountain-high; yet on their
troubled bosom I cast my frail bark, and^ I
hear, amid the din and confusion, " that still
small voice," saying, £*Be not afraid; it is
right." Why do men hesitate, and why do we
array party against party while the signals of
human distress are around us as thick as the
news we receive?
We are told that if we act it will besaid that
the Republican party govern with an iron rod.
Ay, sir, that is easily said ; but their iron rod
has been to give liberty to the slave ; their iron
rod has been to give protection to the emanci-
pated; their iron rod has been to give protec-
tion to all that large portion of southern people
who were trodden down under the heel of the
old slave-masters. _ We are told, too, that this
is oppressive. Sir, it may be offensive to some,
but oppression is a term that cannot be applied
to it. . T
Mr. President, it is sometimes said that I
am a little too impulsive. That, undoubtedly,
may be true; but I thank God my impulses
all run in that direction. I would rather be
condemned for sins of commission than omis-
sion. When my fellows' rights are in the scale,
write me down then if you please, Mr. Presi-
dent, as one that is over-zealous in the defense
of every American citizen.
What, sir, has it come to this! An Amer-
ican citizen whipped, and by whom? By the
foes that he scattered like chuff before the
wind on the field of battle. Has it come to
this, that the bones of the dead must be taken
from Arlington to give rebels a chance to kick
the bones of those they dared not look at when
they lived? American citizens whipped, and
by whom ? By rebel soldiers; by men that this
same oppression, as they term it, spread out
protection over as a cloud, protecting them
in all their rights, till to-day there is scarcely
a man marked for having belonged to that
rebellion.
Sir, will the American Senate long debate
this question ? Has it come to this, that Amer-
ican citizens are whipped like dogs ; whipped
by cowards that go under the guise of masks,
and whiten themselves like ghosts to do their
work of murder ; and yet the American ^ Sen-
ate sit here quietly and unmoved amid this ter-
rible convulsion and upheaving? Sir, go with
me for a moment to the lowly cabin in North
Carolina described by that most intelligent,
though ignorant colored man ; I think his name
was Holt. He tells the story in a simple way,
but he tells the story truly, and upon Lis back
are the marks of the scourger's lash. He
stood in his own house, rallying around that
humble place called home ; it was the home
of his wife, the home of his children, the home
of his boyhood, the home of his riper years.
He was taken from it in the dead hour of .the
night by disguised ruffians, disguised cowards,
and not only lashed, but shot five times thrsyigh
his person. Go read the lessons from that
lowly cabin. His children hid under the loose
flooring in his cabin, and his wife with her
anxiety was looking upon him, as she sup-
posed, for the last time. Sir, bottle up all
the tears that were found in that, lowly cabin
and with them mingle the blood of that father
and see if that will not move even the com-
passion of the Democrats of this body. Sir,
i cannot draw the picture as it is, but you
yourself [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair] can
imagine, having lived in a territory subject to
this rule, some of the terrible, galling appre-
hensions and anxieties that haunt the minds
of these people.
Mr. President, I love this country and her
institutions. I love them more than for any-
thing else because they give freedom to every
human being. I love this country and her
institutions because she promises andean give
protection to her humblest citizen. But, sir,
my love for this country and her institutions
will grow beautifully less, and 1 shall be cov-
ered with shame, if this Government acknowl-
edges its impotency to put down these terrible
wrongs. Sir, we may fail in this; it may be
that we have bitter waters of affliction yet.to ,
travel through, and in which wc are to be
tried ; but we shall all be better satisfied with
ourselves if we can say, "To avoidand punish
these things we have done what we couid."
Mr. President, I promised to be brief I
have given hut a bird's-eye view of the situ-
ation, leaving it to the chairman of our com-
mittee [Mr. Scott] to complete. 1 would not
have said one word, but I could not leave with-
out entering here publicly my protest against
any acknowledgment of the impotency o^ this
Government to put down this spirit. Sir, I
wuuld try the courts. Ah! what a mockery
have they become where men perjured in
advance are to fill your jury-box and perjured
witnesses in advance are to swear the rights
of the poor away! Courts have become a
mockery; and yet we are told here by wise
men and great men that we should wait and
let reason have time to assume her ihroi.e.
Sir, I have waited and waited until my ears
have been pained with these reports, and things
grow worse. Why mock her, then, with justice
and break her sword before you unsheathe it?
Why hold out to me the protection of a couit
when perjury has mastered the tribunal, and
judges, pure in themselves, six in number,
acknowledge that the administration of the law
cannot be had?
What can you expect under such circum-
stances? Go summon the jurors that whipped
this poor colored man of whom I speak." Would
they condemn themselves? Never. Go count
the witnesses who are ready to prove an alibi;
always the rascal's refuge. Then talk to me
of justice and the courts ! Why hold out to me
the fruit that turns to ashes as my hps near it?
Why, when the very atmosphere is filled with
murder, seek to solace ourselves with this poor,
impotent subterfuge? Sir, 1 would try the
courts in all their phases; and if they would
not do, I would try the musket with its power.
The Government that will not unsheathe the
sword to protect its citizens is unworthy the
support of any man. It should be the last
resort; but when it comes, it should-be as ter-
rible as armies are terrible. Better that -this
republican sun should set in blood than to rise
as a delusion of the hopes that it ushered in.
Every blow that is struck upon the back of an
American citizen should cause this body to
throb with anguish. This is the heart and
hearthstone of our country, and I appeal to
Senators, I appeal with the cry of murder from
their fellow-citizens slaki in colu bioou, to
come up manfully to the duty, adopt the most
stringent law that the Constitution will-permit,
and try that.
