908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxee,] decided that
those contumacious witnesses should not be
commuted, but that they should be entertained
at the public expense. The public learned
from the press that two correspondents of the
New York Tribune have been incarcerated.
How are they incarcerated, and what are the
{(ioomy accompaniments of their confinement ?
Mr. President, I have been a member of
this body for two years. I have not yet been
uble to obtain a committee-room, but am
compelled to pay $800 a year for the rent of
gloomy offices on the avenue. When these
men were arrested and brought to the bar of
ihe Senate for contempt, of which they were
pronounced guilty, the New York Tribune, by
way of encouraging them in their contumacy,
promised them double salary, and the Senate,
not to be outdone in generosity toward these
martyrs, assigned them the best committee-
room in the Capitol; a room commanding the
most beautiful view in Washington. The park
of the Capitol, the President's Mansion with
all its surrounding beauties, and the bewilder-
ing landscape of Arlington Heights are spread
before them. Their room has also an ante-
chamber, thronged, I am told, by sympathizing
statesmen patiently awaiting audience. This
is the imprisonment, the coercion adopted
by the Sen ite to compel these witnesses to
testily.
Why, sir, the other day a Senator was in the
restaurant below taking his lunch when the
doors were suddenly thrown open and the ser-
vants entered with imposing ceremony, whirl-
ing the largest table into the center of the
room, and covering it with a cloth, in imitation
of the fine linen with which Dives was fur-
nished when enjoying his "good things in this
t world." The Senator, astonished at such elab-
orate preparation, inquired what it all meant,
lie was informed that the hour had arrived
when the Washington correspondents of the
New York Tribune with their families were to
dine. [Laughter.] The Senator arose from
his unfinished lunch on a naked table and
slunk away with the humility that should ever
characterize a Senator in the august presence
of the press. [Laughter.]
This, sir, is the coercive discipline resorted
to by the Senate of the United >States to com-
pel obedience to its orders. Everybody knows
that if the Senate had done what every court
of justice would have done—and I do not
speak only of courts that rise to the dignity
of courts of record—but had the Senate
done what any justice of the peace from Maine
to California would have done in such a case,
had it simply committed these men to jail,
without debate and by unanimous vote, as it
should have done, they would have answered
the questions put to them within twenty four
hours. But, sir, the Senate of the United
States dared not do what a justice of the
peace would have done, commit these men
to jail for contempt. And the course put-
sued by the Senate was simply and plainly
disgraceful.
These correspondents have no ambition to
be honest martyrs. There is in this country
a martyrdom that is easy, cheap, profitable,
and courted. But it is a bogus martyrdom.
The martyrs that John, "'being in the spirit
on the Lord's day," saw from the island of
Patmos were genuine martyrs who had come
up to their crowns "through great tribula-
tions." Such martyrs are not common in this
country ; nor is there any great ambition among
our people to wear the crown thus worthily
obtained. Had we done our duty by sen"\jg
these men to jail the testimony woull nave
been obtained, this investigation would have
answered its end before this time, and thus the
Senate would have been spared the infliction
of the remarks I am now making, which are,
perhaps, thegreatcst penalty of'itsdelinquency.
[Laughter.]
On the UOth of May the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton,] in the course of a few
remarks made by him upon this general subject,
said that I had stated several times in the Sen-
ate that I believed the copy from which public-
ation was made came from a Senator. That
Senatorin making that statement was mistaken.
What I did say was this, and I read from the
Globe of the 18th:
"Mr. Carpenter. Mr. President, after all that
has been said I desire to add but one word. Of course
X have no personal knowledge on this subject; but 1
desire to say that, from what I have heard and seen,
my judgment is that this publication was made
through the Senate."
I now repeat what I said then, I did not
then say, and I do not now say, that it came
from a Senator; but I did say, and I now say,
that in my belief the copy from which public-
ation was made was obtained through the
Senate. The Senate consists of the Vice
President, some seventy Senators, a corps of
clerks, the Sergeant-at arms and his assistants,
clerks of committees, &c., and if the Senate
would be true to itself, stand by this investiga-
tion, and compel answers to proper questions,
I would be willing to risk my reputation as a
prophet upon the prediction that such fact
would bo established. That this publication
was made through any fault or negligence of
a Senator I do not know, and do not charge.
But I do not believe that the State Department,
or the Public Printer has been in fault, and if
not, the disclosure must have been from the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator, I suppose,
admits that it is perfectly clear that it did not
come from any document printed by the Sen-
ate, but was one of the documents printed at
the State Department?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir; I have no
doubt the publication was made from one of
the prints ma.de by the Public Printer on the
order of the State Department. In other
words, it was made, in my belief, from one
of the advance copies, so called, delivered by
the State Department to Senators,
1 have already mentioned the threatening
letters which I received warning me to desist
from pursuing this investigation, upon pain and
penalty of suffering the extreme displeasure
of the press. To show how faithfully the New
York Tiibune has been made to execute this
threat, I ask the Secretary to read the Wash-
ington dispatch to that paper of the 23d in-
stant, being a pretended report of the exam-
ination of Mr. Tinker by the chairman of the
committee.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The " Common Juilerii" again at TYork—Ineffectual
Attempt? to Pry into the Secretn of " Newspaper
How*'-—More Candidates for the Bastile.
[By Telegraph to the Tribune.]
AVashixqtou. Moxday, May 22,3871.
"The investigating committee held a Ions and
angry session this evening, and surpassed all pre-
vious attempts at'supporting [ iieir dignity.' "
«• a a h j. -y f
"Mr. Tinker was questioned about the copy of
the treaty transmitted to the Tribune over the wires,
lie had very little information to give, and would
not have given much if lie had possessed it. The
most ingenious proce?s of examination was resorted
to in order to draw from him some admission un-
awares. He was asked how long it would take to
telegraph four or five columns of the Tribune, how
many wires he had to use, and many other details
about the business, all of which ho cheerfully an-
swered ; but when Mr. Carpenter led on from these
to more pertinent inquiries, Mr. Tinker held his
tongue. Mr. Tinker was ordered to produce the
copy, but this he plainly refused to do. Mr. Car-
penter upon this became violently excited. He read
the law of 1857 for the punishment of recalcitrant
witnesses, and he warned Mr. Tinker that he was
resolved at all hazards to'support the dignity ' of
the Senate.
"Mr. Tinker was then asked whether he refused
the copy under instructions from the president of
the company. He replied that he did refuse in
accordance with his standing1 instructions, and, by
order ot the committee, he obtained a copy of the
instructions from his oflicc and returned to the Cap-
itol. Only three of the committee. Messrs. Conk-
ling, Carpenter, and Davis, were present. Tne
punted regulations of the telegraph company rela-
tive to secrecy. &e., were submitted to these gontle-
men. Mr. Davis, after reading them, inquired of
Mr. Tinker:
" 'Are you a particular friend of Messrs. White and
Ramsdoll?'
'"Not a particular friend,' he replied, 'though
my relations with them have always been cordial/
"'Well, sir, would you like to share the bastilewitli
them?'
" Mr. Tinker displayed no great alacrity to accept
this invitation, but declared that he should adhere
to his instructions. He was asked if he intended to
persevere in his refubal when he was brought to the
bar of the Senate. * That, gentlemen,' said ho, 'will
depend upon my instructions from the president ot
the company. You see what they are now; but they
may be changed by Mr. Orton, and X shall follow
them whatever they may be.'
" 'Then you mean to say,' added one of the com-
mittee, ' that you will not obey the order of the Sen-
ate unless it is indorsed by Mr. Orton? *
"'It comes to pretty nearly that/ was Mr. Tink-
er's answer; 'but the words are yours, not mine.'
" ' Then,' exclaimed the irate Carpenter, * we will
have Orton here to-morrow.' "
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I never
saw Mr. Tinker belore he presented himself
to the committee for examination 5 I have
never seen him since. 1 have neverrequested
him to make any statement or explanation in
regard to his examination before the commit-
tee $ but I received from him the other day a
letter inspired by his sense of justice and love
of truth, a letter which I will ask the Secre-
tary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The Western Union Telegraph Company,
Manager's Office,
Washington, D. C., May 24,1S7L
Sir: I find in a Washington dispatch to-the New
York Tribune of yesterday's date what purports to
be an account of my examination by the Senate
committee of which you are chairman, and although
it is unnecessary for me to call your attention to its
inaccuracies and misstatements, I desire to assure
you that. X have not failed to denounce in strongest
terms the malicious assertions therein that "Mr.
Carpentkr upon this becameviolent,"&c; "warned
Mr. Tinker that he would at all hazards support the
dignity of the Senate;" " blustering examination
of the superintendent of the telegraph at Washing-
ton," &c., as being entirely unfounded in fact.
On the contrary, I cannot recall a word or attitudo
of the chairman, or any member ot the committee,
which was not strictly courteous and in perfect keep-
ing with ray estimate of the dignity of such an hon-
orable body.
1 regiet exceedingly that circumstances should
have made it convenient tor me to be made a cat's-
paw for this malevolent attack upon yourself and
other members of the committee, and Ifeel it a duty
both to myself and the company I represent,aswell
as an imperative act of justice duo the committee,
that I should make this explanation to you at once.
I have the honor lo be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
- C1IAS. A. TINKER.
Hon. Matt. II. C\j:pfntkr, United States Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. The dispatch which I
have requested the Secretary to read is by no
means the most infamous and outrageous which
has recently appeared in the columns of the
New York Tribune; but I have requested its
reading because I have been furnished, with-
out solicitation 011 my part, by the witness
said to have been bullied and abused, with an
ample refutation of every statement contained
in 1 hat dispatch.
Now, Mr. Presideut, I desire to pause for a
moment and suggest a moral upon that dispatch,
thus disproved by the person said to have been
abused. The correspondents of the New York
Tribune refused to answer pertinent questions
put to them by the committee because, as they
say, the disclosure of their knowledge would
render them infamous among the members of
their profession, that is, among twenty or thirty
young men in what is called newspaper row, on
Fourteenth street, in Washington, if Four-
teenth street is pretty well represented this
morning in the reporters' gallery I desire to
ask them whether they stand by the logical
conclusions to be deduced from all the circum*
stances of this case?
The Senate has decided that a newspaper
correspondent who refuses to answer proper
questions shall not be committed to jail. And
1 now take my appeal from the Senate to the
young men of Fourteenth street, and ask them
whether they indorse the conclusions to be %
derived from the circumstances of the case as
shown to exist. The correspondent who wrote
the dispatch which I have caused to be read
knew it to be false in every particular. It is a
legal presumption that he who states or writes
