1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
Mr. THURMAN. That is agreeable enough
to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that is
fair or right to the Senator from Pennsylvania
who has the floor 
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Senator from
Pennsylvania is going on now.
Mr. SUMNER. He can go on upon the
main question.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I apprehend, will quite as willingly
make his remarks on the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio as upon mine, to which
they are more pertinent.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will waive his speech until after
the pending resolution is disposed of I am
satisfied.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the understand-
ing, I believe.
Mr. SCOTT. I have not the slightest objec-
tion, and indeed would prefer speaking on
the resolution of the Senator from Ohio; and
if it can be understood that I have the floor
on that resolution when it is reached, ["Cer-
tainly!"] I shall cheerfully give way and let
the Senate proceed at once to any business
that can be disposed of in reasonable time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I think we are all
agreed that the order for the recess shall
remain, and that at half past seven o'clock
the Senate will meet, and the Senators who
desire to address the Senate upon the pending
resolution shall have an opportunity to do so;
that no vote shall be taken to-night, and that
to-morrow at two o'clock we proceed to vote
without further debate, ["That is right! "] and
that the Senator from Pennsylvania shall have
the floor upon the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio when it comes up.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg to make this sug-
gestion in regard to that: that you will not suc-
ceed very well unless you limit the debate to
the subject of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island. If upon that
resolution the same latitude of debate shall
be indulged iu that has been heretofore, and
the resolution offered by my colleague shall
be the real subject of debate, you do not ap-
proach one step toward solving the difficulty as
to whether there shall be amendments to the
resolution offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. But at two o'clock to-
morrow amendments will be in order, although
without debate ; and everybody is prepared to
vote. We know what amendments will be
proposed.
Mr. THURMAN. But Senators who propose
to move amendments wish time to speak on
those amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. Everybody must look out
for that for himself.
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. I understand now the Senator from
Pennsylvania to be willing to yield the floor with
the understanding that he shall have it when
the resolution which bas been offered by the
Senator from Ohio shall come up. Now, let
me suggest that the Senator from South Caro-
lina address the Senate now, and we can sit
and take the vote after he shall have spoken,
meantime rescinding the order for a recess.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania desires to speak.
Mr. HAMLIN. No ; he yields to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. SCOTT. I yield with the understanding
that I shall have the floor on the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HAMLIN. I make that suggestion lor
the consideration of the Senate. €
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the proposition to be that the vote
be taken to night when the Senator from South
Carolina shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. Motto-night; to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
not the proposition of the Senator frotn Maine.
The Chair must ask if there be objection to
that proposition, that the vote on the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island and the
amendments to it be taken to-night when the
Senator from South Carolina shall have con-
cluded his remarks.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to that.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
not object.. I understand that the proposition
is that the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Sawyer] shall occupy the floor now, and that
at the conclusion of his remarks we proceed
to vote upon the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island and upon all such amendments
as any Senator chooses to offer, and if any
Senator wants to say a word in addition, or a
number of words, he can reserve that right
now. Thus, I submit, we can vote upon the
order of business, and that without staying here
until any undue hour, and then to morrow we
can go on with the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. BLAIR. I had already indicated to the
Senate that I purposed to make some remarks
and to offer an amendment to this resolution
on the subject of the order of business; but I
will not consent that the debate shall be closed
in the way now proposed.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator prefer
not to make his remarks to-day?
Mr. BLAIR. I will make them whenever I
can get the floor; I am not particular as to the
time.
Mf. CONKLING. If the Senator is willing
and disposed to make them to-day, I suggest
that he reserves the right, and any other Sen-
ator who wants to make remarks can do the
same ; and still we may vote this afternoon,
and have no night session. Otherwise we are
to come here during the evening and Senators
may be compelled to make their remarks then,
when, perhaps, it will not be any more agree-
able than it would be to proceed now.
Mr. SUMNER I suggest thatthe Senator
from South Carolina proceed this afternoon
and others, if the Senate continues in session,
with the understanding that there shall be no
vote this afternoon, but that we shall vote at
two o'clock to-morrow, or I would prefer to
say three.
Mr. ANTHONY. Two is practical.
Mr. SUMNER. That is practical, the Sen-
ator says. I have a motion that I wish to sub-
mit, and on which I wish to make one or two
remarks for a few minutes j that is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if this order, which I have drawn
up so as to have it definite, will suit him and
suit the Senator from Missouri:
Ordered, That at two o'clock to-morrow the vote
shall bo taken, without debate, on the pending res-
olution and the amendments offered thereto ; and m
the mean time the debate shall be confitiod to the
subject-matter of said resolution and amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that will suit me.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will disembarrass
my resolution. ["Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will read the proposition, so that it will be
understood.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That at two o'clock to-morrow the vote
shall betaken, without debate, on the pending res-
olution and the amendments offered thereto; and
in the mean time the debate shall be confined to the
subject-matter of said resolution and amendments.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that is precisely
what I would like to see adopted, but I do not
want to see it made an order of the Senate.
Mr SUMNER. Let it be an understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate as to whether
there be objection to this being the understand-
ing of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me a word. 1 he
amendments that are proposed to the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island are
three or four. First, is the amendment offered
by my colleague, which contemplates that a
bill shall be reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee at this session of the Senate. That is
the first in order. After that is an amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
to consider his supplementary civil rights bill.
That is another subject. He wishes that con-
sidered. He has already stated to the Senate
why he wishes it considered, and I do not sup-
pose he wishes to add much to what he has
said. Then there is an amendment which the
Senator from South Carolina proposes or in-
tends to propose, namiug a subject that he
wants considered ; and finally, there is the sub-
ject indicated by the Senator from Missouri.
Each gentleman can present his reasons for
wishing those subjects considered, and if lie
will keep away from the general matter in-
volved in the resolution of my colleague, and
stick to the subject of the resolution offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island, each gentle-
man will have ample time to present his rea-
sons why the Senate should consider the sub-
jects indicated by those amendments, and we
can take the vote. I hope, therefore, that the
suggestion of my colleague will be agreed to
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what earthly object there is in hurrying a vote
upon the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island. While that resolution is under con-
sideration the same subject is being considered
and discussed that would be after its passage.
We all know that the discussion is going on
here ; we are having a general debate for the
benefit of the country, and forthe purpose, I
suppose, of quieting and allaying tho feeling
in the South 1 These exaggerated reports of
outrages upon one side and of quiet on the
other arc being put forth from this Senate
Chamber for the purpose of allaying feeling
and producing harmony and quiet throughout
the South ! Now, I do not know that it makes
any difference whether these speeches are deliv-
ered upon the resolution offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island or upon that offered by
the Senator from Ohio. What, I ask, is to be
gained ? It is not going to stop this discus-
sion to pass the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island. You accomplish nothing by it.
Mr. WILSON. We settle coal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The coal bill is not
troubling my friend from Massachusetts. No
general bills are brought in. This great sub-
ject is overslaughing and pushing out of the
way everything else. What are you going to
gain 1 Why this effort, either by a night ses-
sion or by unanimous consent, to get a vote
upon a resolution that amounts to nothing
whatever, because no other business is in the
way of this matter? The Senate will take up
nothing else, will consider nothing else. You
are devoting the whole time to the consider-
ation of the subject. Why, I ask, have an
agreement or a night session to get out of the
way a resolution that is in nobody's way 1 I
object to the principle of the resolution, and
I have amendments to offer to it, and I espe-
cially object to any order being entered that
shall close debate in this body. It would be a
new rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not an order.
Mr! TRUMBULL. It is proposed as an
order.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; only a general under-
standing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that a
proposition had been sent up to the Clerk's
table in the shape of an order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I put it in that form
merely so that we might have no controversy
between ourselves about it. I do not propose
to enter it upon the Journal. It can only be
adopted by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how you
save any time by the arrangement that is pio-
posed to be made. This resolution being out
of the way, the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio comes right up—that is the understand-
ing—and the debate goes on. Now, it makes
no difference which resolution is pending;
