204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 21,
nothing else but that subject is before the Sen-
ate. I do not see that you gain anything.
You might as well ask the Senate to sit here
for the -purpose of passing a resolution that
the almanac of last year was not appropriate
as a calendar for this year. I see nothing to
be gained by this. I have some amendments
that I desire to offer to this proposition when-
ever there shall be a probability of arriving at
any vole upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to make a suggestion now ?
Mr. TRU11BULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. i think there will be
something .gained in this way: Suppose the
Senator from Illinois should move to amend
the amendment now pending, which would be
in order, saying that we shall also consider the
bills to abolish the duties on coal and on salt,
then you may go 011 under that and debate the
whole tariff. Suppose somebody else moves
to take up something else—general amnesty;
you may debute the whole subject of general
amnesty. Somebody may move to. amend by
addinganothersubject—the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts his civil rights bill, and you may go
ou and debate all that; and so on, by offering
amendments to this resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island, you may have every polit-
ical subject that can possibly come before the
Senate drawn into debate. We are not now
limited to this question of alleged outrages,
because anybody by moving an amendment
can bring anything before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No one has yet done
that, I believe, and I should like to know if
that cannot be done afterward. I ask the
Senator from Ohio to consider one moment.
What have you accomplished when you have
passed this resolution that 110 other legislative
business shall be considered? Su[>pose I move
to take up the coal bill; will this resolution
prevent it? It is not a rule of the Senate ; it
is a mere order that is passed. I might move
to set it aside the next day. When the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Ohio comes up 1 can
move to set that aside and take up the coal
bill, the bill for general amnesty, or any other
measure ; and so can any Senator that thinks
proper. What are you going to gain by all
this?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Would the
Senator from Illinois deem it a proper dis-
charge of his duty, after the Senate had passed
this resolution, for himself or any other Sen-
ator to do that?
Mr. CONKLING. While it was not re-
scinded.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. To move to take up
anotiier resolution? Why, at any time that a
majority of the Seriate can be got to take up
any subject your resolution is gone. That is
all it amounts to. At any time, when I sup-
posed a majority of the Senate would stand by
a measure that I had charge of, i should cer-
tainly bung it to the notice of the Senate if I
had the opportunity to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After the
adoption of this resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most assuredly. Why
not? The resolution amounts to nothing.
^ Mr. HAMLIN. Ig there notsome honorable
obligation about it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. "An honorable obliga-
tion!'1 It is a mere vote of the Senate. Ifwe
vole down a proposition to-day is there any
" honorable obligation" that you will not bring
it up to morrow? I think I have known my
friend from Maine, in Committee of the Whole,
to offer an amendment and have it voted down
on the yeas and nays, and he would forget all
about his *' honorable obligation" a.nd move
the same thing in the Senate within an hour,
and carry it, too. It is an every-day occur-
rence. I am not certain that the Senator from
Maiiie sod the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patterson,] putting their forces together
here at the last session of Congress, or a year
or two ago, did not get a bill through to pay
interest to Maine and Massachusetts that had
been, voted down in this body on every full
discussion for ten years. They succeeded in
getting it through. They had no respect for
the votes of the Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I think this resolution will
amount to nothing. I.see no object in passing
it. I see no object in wasting the time we are
now wasting in talking about it. Here are
half a dozen gentlemen charged with speeches
on the general subject. The country will no
doubt be glad to hear them. Congress seems
to want to hear them. We are sitting here and
we shall be delighted to hear them, L suppose,
upon this resolution or any other, at least those
who want to remain.
Now, sir, I hope that no such order will
be adopted. While I myself have 110 speech
to make on the resolution, probably shall not
occupy five minutes in reference to it when-
ever we come to $ vote upon it, I see 110 neces-
sity for any agreement about it, because there
is 110 disposition on the part of anybody, that
I know of, to make this resolution the occa-
sion of wasting the time of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. As it is evident that we
cannot come to a unanimous agreement, I
move to eet aside the pending order and to
take up the resolution from the House fixing
the day of adjournment.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to postpone the present
and all prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of the concurrent resolution from the
House of Representatives on the subject of
adjournment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think that is the precise
motion on which I wish to be heard; for I
think it is about time now when we had better
wisely consider that resolution from the House.
It seems to me we have arrived at a period in
this session of the Senate when calm and con-
siderate men may well see and determine that
no useful legislation to the country is to be
obtained; and if that be so, and there be no
honorary obligation imposed upon Senators
in their action here 
Mr. SHERMAN. Who says that?
Mr. HAMLIN. My friend on my right,
[Mr. Trumbdix ]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. HAMLIN. If there be no honorary
obligations imposed upon Senators here to
guide them in their action, I am absolved from
what I had supposed was an honorary obliga-
tion upon myself; not, as the Senator says,
that I would not move an amendment in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and failing, repeat it in
the Senate.
The Senator's illustration entirely fails to
meet the case that is presented to us. It is
notorious, not only in this body but to the
country, that the resolutions now before us
were a matter of conference among the Sen-
ators on this fl oor ; and I repeat again that I
felt an honorary obligation upon myself to
stand by that conference and consultation;
but 1 do not choose to play the game here
where it is ail ''heads I win and tails you
lose," It is not an even contract that binds
me to an obligation and allows another to
absolve himself from it. There must be a
reciprocity in it; and if Senators expect me to
be bound by what I regard obligations honor-
ably upon me, and which are such until broken
by the other parties to the agreement, then I
I think I may as well and as wisely say that
I will vote now to fix a day of adjournment.
But, sir, I want to say one word in relation
to this matter of taking the question upon the
resolution now before us. The Senator from
Illinois asked the question, and ho repeated it,
and re-repeated it, what do we gain? I an-
swer, we get one question from before us ; and
the experience of my honorable friend from
Illinois is such that he knows, as every other
Senator knows, that to conclude a debate upon
any question so important as the one involved
either in this resolution or that which is to
succeed it, and to be moved by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] is a work of
labor and toil and physical endurance. You
maysubmitaproposition to day, mathematical
in its character, that two and two make four,
and you have casuists enough in the Senate to
talk till doomsday whether it does make four
or five. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, what do we gain ? We get rid of
one subject. That is what we gain; and if
there be anything in it, it is a question of im-
portance, because the Senator tells us that he
has suggestions to make and amendments to
move, and upon it we have already had indi-
cated that there are to be amendments of a
great variety, different in their character and
all important. What, then, do we gain? I an-
swer again, we get rid of one important sub-
ject, and shall be ready to proceed to another,
and one upon which gentlemen who desire to
address the Senate, I think, may much more
appropriately do so. Certainly if I sought to
address the Senate at length, I think I would
choose to make the speech appropriately and
upon an appropriate subject. I think it wiser
and better to do so. There is no member
here who seeks to limit or restrict that debate.
I regretted exceedingly that we could not
come to a vote on this question and then take
up the resolution submitted by the Senator
from Ohio and have the discussion, which
would have been much more appropriate on
that subject. But I desire to state here and
now to the Senate, as one, that if other Sen-
ators are not to be bound by the obligation
which I have, until released by them, regarded
as honorably binding upon myself, 1 am for
fixing a reasonable day for the adjournment.
The resolution for adjournment is not up. The
motion is now made, I believe, to postpone
the pending resolution and fake it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. If that motion shall prevail
I shall move to substitute Monday next for
Thursday, in the belief that that will give
ample time for all the wisdom that we shall
need upon all these questions to be shed here
before the Senate; and I think if the resolu-
tion shall come up, if no other Senator shall
see fit to do so, I shall move so to amend it,
and then vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
in reply to the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine as to the honorable obligation that he
seems to suppose may be violated by other
Senators thus releasing him. He will judge
for himself, of course, as to what obligations
bind him ; but he cannot, it he will refresh his
recollection and was present, but remember
that, so far as I am concerned, I have taken
the ground all the time, both in caucus and
out of it, that it was not a legitimate subject
011 which to bind any one, that no othpr busi-
ness but a certain measure should be brought
before the Senate; so that nobody is taken by
surprise in the Senate by my course, nor is
there any violation of any honorable under-
standing on my part.
Mr. ANTHON1. I hope that now we can
coma to a conclusion to vote to-morrow at two
o'clock on the resolution, allowing the order
for a recess to stand, and allowing Senators
who desire to speak on the subject to como
here this evening, and do so with the under-
standing that no vote shall be taken. If, as
■the Senator from Illinois says, this resolution
is of no consequence, the Senate will vote it
down; but let usget itout. of the way. Whether
of consequence or not, we have been talking
upon it three or four days. Let us settle it
one way or the other, and I do not care much
which way it is settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Rhode Island is willing, why not by unau-
