912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
authority of the Senate, by these contumacious
letter-writera, and after the infamy of their
conduct day after day in fabricating facts and
denouncing the vilest calumnies and slanders
against honest men, not only of the committee,
but of the entire Senate ; I say that after such
conduct as this it would be in the extremest
degree injurious and insulting to the commit-
tee and dishonorable and degrading to the
character of the Senate to order the discharge
of these men.
I therefore ask leave to withdraw the amend-
ment which I offered to the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] and I hope that the Senate will vote
it down.
I have no quarrel with any of these men. I
have no wrongs of my own to redress. If they
have wronged me I do not know it, and I do
not care for it if they havo. I have no ven-
geance to wreak upon them. All I want is a
just and proper rule in relation to divulging
the secret proceedings of the Senate, and espe-
cially I want the dignity and power of the
Senate maintained, its authority to prosecute
these inquiries in the form in which this in-
vestigation has been going on, and I want it to
have power to punish contumacious witnesses.
These men suffer self-martyrdom, if there
is any martyrdom about it. They themselves
unlocked the door of the dungeon for their
own entry and confinement, if they were to be
so confined. They did so by refusing to answer
a just, legal, proper question, which every au-
thority that has cognizance over the subject
in the United States would compel them to
answer. If they are immured they can bring
that confinement to a close whenever tbey
choose to answer the question. If they should
be confined without authority of law, if the
Senate should refuse to pass the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts, they would
then employ counsel; they would move for a
writ, of habeas corpus, and the courts, the most
legitimate and competent tribunal in our Gov-
ernment to try such questions, would decide
whether or not the Senate had power to con-
tinue tlieir confinement after the session closed.
If it h;id not the power the court would direct
the prisoners to be enlarged and set at liberty.
If the court should believe that the Senate had
that powpr it would order these prisoners back
to their confinement, there to remain until,
according to their notion of their rights and
their dignity and their honor, they gave ex-
plicit answers to the plain, pertinent, legal,
and indispensable questions of the committee
to arrive at a correct and satisfactory investi-
gation of the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that we may now
have a vote on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) Did the Chair understand
the Senator trom Kentucky to withdraw his
amendment?
Mr. 1XAVIS, of Kentucky. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the question recurs
on i he original resolution, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. NYE. I hope that amendment will
not be withdrawn. I hope so without any
feeling personal to myself, for I have not
shared  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Kentucky as
having withdrawn his amendment, and it is not
now belore the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Do I understand the Senator
from Kentucky to withdraw that amendment ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I do.
Mr. NYE. Then I renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada renews the amendment.
Mr. WILSON and others. Let us vote.
Mr. NYE. I have not said one word on this
matter, and I have not been on my feet before.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
has his usual spasm and wants to vote. As
soon as he has spoken on any question he
always wants to vote. I propose that we shall
not vote just this minute.
Mr. President, I renew the amendment for
the purpose of taking the sense of the Senate,
not upon the question of releasing these men,
but upon the question of preserving its own
self-respect. I understand, and I have it from
my learned friend on my left, [Mr. Sumner,]
that the rule of secrecy in regard to proceed-
ings in executive session has been the rule of
the Senate ever since its organization. It stands
as a rule of the Senate to-day among the writ-
ten rules by which we are guided and directed.
That rule having been violated by the pub-
lication of a confidential document, a well-
selected committee, a committee that couid
not be surpassed if equaled in selection from
the entire body, was appointed to investigate
the subject. They entered upon the discharge
of their duty, not only by virtue of this rule,
but by the positive mandate of the Senate
itself, and proceeding honestly and thoroughly
in that investigation they are brought to a
dead halt, not because the rule does not apply,
not because the rule is not moral in its char-
acter, not because it is not necessary in its
place, but because there is a higher law, a
code higher than that made by the Senate,
among an association of reporters, which puts
at defiance the will of the Senate and a law as
old as the Senate itself.
Toward these men, personally, I have no
feeling. I do not know them. I have been
favored with the acquaintance of but few of
the gentlemen of the press, and I have no
fault te find with them; but I have a duty to
perform. The Senate is about to record itself
upon this single issue, whether the law and
rule of the Senate shall be regarded, whether
it will respect and protect the committees
which it sends out to make investigations, or
whether it will acknowledge that that law is
wrong and superseded by what is called a
higher moral obligation of a man keeping back
the truth for the reason that its disclosure
would bring into disrepute those that gave him
the information. The question is whether that
is an obligation of higher morality than the
standing rule of the Senate for three quarters
of a century.
I desire to illustrate this matter by one or
two examples. I have been honored, or rather
burdened, with committee duties in the invest-
igation of the Ku Klux organization. I spent
thirty or forty days in that investigation. What
were the circumstances by which we were
surrounded? That was no organization of
reporters; but there was a sworn obligation
of a set of men banded together to do—what?
To overthrow the standing laws of the coun-
try. How quick would this Senate have sent
a Ku Klux to prison had he refused to answer
the questions of that committee! How long
would they have hesitated if one of the Ku
Klux band had refused to answer a question
put to him by the committee as to whether he
was cognizant of the fact that they were burn-
ing and murdering and plundering the poor
of the South ? He would not have been treated
to quarters in the upper story of the Capitol.
He would have gone to this, as I am told,
most loathsome jail of your District, and would
have stayed there until he had answered that
question, whether the Senate sat or not, I
have no doubt.
Now, sir, here is another organization who
have established another standard which they
say is of higher morality than the rule of the
Senate. It is that point of honor that binds
them together to shield each other and to shield
the person from whom they obtain informa-
tion illicitly. It is that higher honor which
they exhibit that must be respected and obeyed.
For one, I deny that code entirely. I have no
right upon the platform of honor to agree to
a thing that is in violation of the laws of my
country and stand acquitted before an intelli-
gent community upon that point of honor that
I shall not reveal my accomplice or my par-
ticeps criminis in that crime.
That is the question. I know how hard it
is to apply the test in this case. I know the
power of a thousand pens scattering ink, and
my friend from Massachusetts before me [Mr.
Wilson] knows it, and he performs most ele-
gantly this antic of backing down after having
voted with me to invest this committee with
power to investigate. It is like sending out a
forlorn hope and the main column abandoning
them after they start. It is cowardly in the
Senate, it would be cowardly in individuals if
they were not Senators, to send half a dozen
men out as a forlorn hope to lead a charge,
and when they are about to be sacrificed aban-
don them to their fate. Why? Because some-
body is going to scatter some ink about them.
My friend is afraid, as he is just about to
sail for Europe, that there will be an unkind
article in some newspaper about him, and
hence his philanthropy is all afloat and the
prison of these men has terrible horrors to
him !
I witnessed the scene described by the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin the other day
when wo were turned off from a cold marble
table in the restaurant and, with a grand
flourish of waiters coming in, were told that
the prisoners and their families were about to
dine. Make room for the prisoners with their
families ! Oh, what a fearful prison this is!
The committee have gone on, and as soon
as they could they reported back to the Senate
that these witnesses had contumaciously refused
to answer. There is not a Senator who dares
rise up and say that these witnesses are not in
contempt. Then the question comes up, what
is to be done with them ? Why, drop your
committee; leave them alone; for your own
sakes spare the men who scatter ink so indis-
criminately !
I have, I think, a fair appreciation of the
power of the press of this nation. I have no
fault to find with it. Instead of lessening it
I would strengthen it. I would strengthen it
by making it more reliable. I would strengthen
it by making the intelligence it scatters always
truthful. I would weaken it if I could in
another respect, for I have seen its power and
its influence when incautiously wielded. I have
seen it make tears steal down honored cheeks.
It is in the power of the press, of some penny-
a liner, who hurls a shaft at random, to clothe
a family in sorrow and despair. I would
weaken it there. To the young men who are
now stepping so strongly upon the heels of
age that their hands will soon be on the lead-
ing strings ofgovernment, I would say, "When
it shall have made place for you I charge you
build not your fame upon broken hearts or
broken hopes by the indiscriminate and care-
less use of your pens."
Sir, I have no fear of the press. I do not
come in collision with it. I am not of suffi-
cient importance to evoke its anger or its envy.
If I had the importance of my friend from
Massachusetts before me, and though I were
to dare the dangers of an ocean voyage across
the Atlantic, I would rather have the con-
sciousness of upholding the rules and integrity
and honor and fame of the American Senate
than to have a paper bag upon which to float
as I was wafted from the shores of my country.
Sir, it is not a life-preserver. [Laughter.]
There is a great deal of wind in it, but it leaks
when it comes in contact with water, as it
would be apt to do in my friend's case.
[Laughter.]
I repeat, sir, I have no personal feeling in
this matter ; but I have an inherited reverence
for this position. My term will be ended here
sooner than that of moat men on this floor ;
but come who may in my place, come who
may in any other man's place here, I would
save to him intact the laws our fathers made
for the government of this body, and I would
transmit them to him unimpaired through the
hands through which they are now passing.
