THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
South. I would stretch over the communities
in which these things occur the strong arm of
the national Government, and force obedience
to the laws, not only of the country, but of
humanity. I would use the whole power of
1he Government, under the Constitution, to
detect, convict, and punish the criminals who
thus outrage civilization. I should hold it to
be disgraceful not to attempt to devise some
legislation which will remove this great evil.
The country demands that this attempt be
made. It may fail. But it behooves us to
ascertain if we have not the power to give to
our fellow-citizens in the South that protection
which the Constitution guaranties.
I am conscious, sir, that there are evils ex-
isting in the South which your statutes cannot
reach; that when you have passed all consti-
tutional laws appropriate to the situation, and
they have been faithfully executed by the pro per
officers, there will yet remain a great work
which comes not within the scope of legisla-
tion, a work only to be effected by agencies
of quite another sort, and which operate much
more slowly than do acts of Congress. But
this does not absolve us from the obligation to
do all in our power to repress the outward
manifestations of a spirit and temper which
only moral influences can eradicate and de-
stroy. No, Mr. President; I am- not exten-
uating nor excusing the commission of the
crimes of which we are now considering a pos-
sible remedy. But I wish to submit my view
of the actual situation. I wish to have in my
own inind and in the minds of others a clear
conception of the state of society which exists
in those States where these disturbances most
frequently occur.
1 think it is just cause of regret that when
the negro was endowed with the privilege of
the ballot and the right to hold office the dis-
abilities of all persons who aided the rebellion
were not removed. The ballot 1 consider as
the only sure means by which any class of men
can effectually secure and maintain their rights
in a community. It was a natural and neces-
sary consequence of emancipation, and would
as surely, though not so quickly, have been
placed in the hands of the f'rcedmeu by the
action of the States themselves, though the
national Government should have neglected to
do so. It was the necessary complement of
•emancipation.
The right to vote implies the right to be
■voted for, as I believe, unless otherwise spe-
cially provided. The reconstruction acts, how-
ever, have excluded a large and respectable
class of citizens of the reconstructed States
from the right to hold office. The . men thus
excluded are those whose character and posi-
tion before the war elevated them to places
of trust among their fellow-men. They may
not have been more active in advocacy or sup-
port of the rebellion than their neighbors not
thus excluded. Nay, it may be, and doubtless
is, the ease with thousands of them, that they
were mere lookers on rather than active par-
ticipants in the struggle. The fact of their
having held offices before the war, Snd sub-
sequently, however slightly, having aided the
rebellion, marks them out for a punishment
not incurred by a participation in the rebel-
lion even more active by those whose insig-
nificance had saved them from election or
appointment to places of honor or trust. It
may be said they were leaders of the people,
and hence more responsible for the errors
they committed than the mags of citizens who
merely followed where others led. This may
or may not be true.
Notaries public, sheriffs, justices of the
peace, and members of the Legislatures of the
southern States were not always directors of
public opinion. But be this as it may, if
they are kept under disabilities it must be for
an object. Of course, the object is punish-
ment for rebellion. But why do we punish
' anybody for offenses against society? Obvi-
ously that society may be protected from the
commission of similar offenses in the future;
incidentally, perhaps, that the person pun-
ished may be reformed. No one will pretend
that it is the object of punishment by the
civil authorities that the individual punished
should receive the recompense of hi| crimes.
An attempt to measure out retaliation for
crimes committed, in due proportion to their
extent, would not only be futile, but would be
a usurpation of powers belonging only to the
all-wise and all-powerful Being. The pun-
ishment attached to violations of human laws
is proportioned to the necessity of their pre-
vention. The severity of such punishment is
graded to meet, not the enormity of the crimes
themselves, but the danger of their recurrence.
We do not administer punishment in the way
of vengeance ; we do administer it for the
prime object of prevention of crime and the in-
cidental object of individual reformation. We
can justify measures of proscription toward
the late rebels on no ground whatever, unless
it accomplishes the first of these two objects
at least.
The crime was rebellion. Those who engaged
in it are no longer rebels ; at least, the great
mass of those who labor under political disabil-
ities are no longer such. The Ku JSlux organ-
ization doubtless numbers among its ranks
some men who are under political disabilities ;
but no one will seriously attempt to maintain
the proposition that any considerable number
of those who are under the fourteenth amend-
ment ineligible to public office are other than
quiet, law-abiding citizens of the United States
and of the several States where they reside.
They are now loyal in act and in word. As
rebels they are reformed. No necessity of
punishment to induce their individual reform
exists.
The only pretext left, therefore, is that they
must be proscribed in order to serve as exam-
ples to those who may be tempted to become
rebels in future. Now, if any Senator im-
agines the people of the South cherish any wish
to enter upon another rebellion in this gener-
ation, if any Senatorthink3 they wish to renew
a strife which has left its terrible traces all
over their land in devastated fields, in burned
villages and towns, in maimed husbands, sons,
and fathers, in widowhood and orphanage and
poverty, in woes unnumbered and ineffable,
let him visit the scenes of the late conflict, let
him associate with the population, let him in-
form himself as to their sentiments on this
subject, and he will abandon the idea that fur-
ther continuance of political disabilities is
necessary to prevent a recurrence of rebellion
in this generation. Were the temper and de-
sire to reengage in the rebellion against the
United States really existing facts in the same
body of men which instigated and inaugurated
the rebellion of 1801, their call would be un-
heeded, their suggestions spurned, their per-
sons and counsels odious to the great mass of
even the men who were most zealous iu fight-
ing the battles of the confederacy.
Years of secret plotting by the secession
leaders, aided by the connseis and active sym-
pathies of multitudes of northern allies, were
necessary to bring the people up to the acts
of secession in 1861. This was when the whole
political power of the South was not only in
one race, but practically in the hands of a very
small minority of that race, and when the insti-
tution of slavery cemented them together as
one solid mass. This power is now distributed
not only between the two races, but emancipa-
tion has cast off the shackles from the limbs
of the colored people, and has enfranchised
equally the poor whites, whose every action
was formerly dictated by the slaveholding few.
No common interest of all-controlling influ-
ence now binds the fasces of power in the
hands of ruling political spirits. Division arid
weakness have succeeded union and strength.
There is now, as there was not tten, a people,
and they have learned to make themselves
heard. An attempt in this generation to band
them together in another general effort to east
off the national power is not among the prob-
abilities; success in such an attempt is not
among the possibilities.
What excuse, then, remains for continuing
the political disabilities? Is it said that its
influence will be good on future generations?
Great punishments, signal instances of the
determination of the Government to punish
rebellion, would doubtless be remembered.
Had the General Government at the close of
the war been able to try, convict, sentence,
and hang twenty, fifty, or a hundred rebels
who were ringleaders and ruling spirits in* the
secession movement, doubtless the tale of
blood would have been told to children and
children's children for generations, and it
might have had the effect to discourage future
rebellion. This would, however, have cost
the lives of some men who did not live in the
South, and who did not fight in the rebel
armies, nor sit in recognized rebel councils.
But the idea that the petty irritation of the
skin produced by your disabilities is to be a
preventive of future rebellion is so absurd as
to excite derision rather than serious consid-
eration.
There remains, then, no good ground for
longer delaying the passage of an act to relieve
by wholesale the disabilities of southern men.
But we are told that we should never consent
to such an act while the outrages, recently
made the subject of an extensive report by a
committee of this body, continue to occur. It
is thus assumed that these two subjects have
some connection. There is not the slightest
evidence to sustain such an assumption. Any
one whose acquaintance with the southern peo-
ple has endured long enough to make it of
value in forming a judgment o'n this point will
confirm my opinion.
Nay, Mr. President, I believe the existence
of these outrages is in some degree indirectly
due to the fact that when the 11 ew State gov-
ernments were formed in the South men who
by education, by previous social position, and
by experience in such affairs were best fitted
to become State officers, were by the laws and
Constitution excluded from such positions. In
South Carolina it is manifest that the discon-
tent, the resistance to law, and the violations
of private rights do not necessarily imply
hostility to the United States Government.
Doubtless there are attempts there to evade
the revenue laws; there have been. 1 believe,
one or two cases where violent resistance has
been made to officers attempting to suppress
illicit distillation by seizures and destruction
of stills. But the same thing has occurred in
other parts of the United States where there
was no disloyalty suspected, but simply a desire
to get unlawful gains and to escape the pay-
ment of taxes. It is doubtless a species of dis-
loyalty to evade the payment of whisky taxes,
income taxes, or any other taxes; but if we
reason from such attempts on the part of indi-
viduals that the community in which they live
needs special legislation to protect loyal men,
we shall make an egregious error.
I believe that in South Carolina at least, and
probably in many other States, the turbulent
and riotous spirit which induces these outrages
comes froni opposition to the local administra-
tion. I do not think the men who commit the
atrocities of which we hear so much are more
co be excused for their conduct because their
action proceeds from the one cause rather than
from the other. But I wish the fact to be
clearly understood that while here and there
the so called Ku Ivlux Klan may declare their
hostility to the national Government, it is gen-
erally against those who support and affiliate
with the State officers that their blows are
aimed. The pretext for their action is mal-
administration of State and county affairs.
Their devilish doings are claimed by them to
be in the interest of just punishment for crimes
which otherwise would go unwhipped of jus-
tice.
