914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 17 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Caldwell,
Carpenter, Chandler. Clayton. Cole, Conkiing, Ed-
mui <la\ Ferry of Michigan. Flanasrnn, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Alomil ot Vermont, iNye, Osborn, Sawyer, Scott,
iSpen^fr, Sfow.irt, and. Wright-—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Corbett,
Cr.igin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, IJill, Morton,
Sohurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Suranor, Thuvman, Tipton, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
i*erry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Johnston. Kel-
logg, Kelly, Lewis. Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Kamsey, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Trumbull,
Vickers, West, and Wmdoin—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After
lour hours and forty minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate (at jive o'clock and fifty minutes p. ra.)
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Saturday, May 27, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock meridian.
Prayer by ilev. B. W. Jackson^ of South
Carolina.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
hei,ease of kkcusaint witnesses.
Mr. WILSON. Imovethatthe Senatepro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution dis-
charging the persons held in custody.
The PKESiDBNTpj'o tempore. That busi-
ness will come up as the unfinished business
without any motion after the morning business
shall have been disposed of. Petitions and
memorials are in order. If there be no peti-
tions, reports of committees are in order. If
there he no reports, resolutions will be in order.
If there be no resolutions to be offered, the
unfinished business of yesterday comes up,
being the resolution indicated by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and the
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will be with-
drawn.
♦ ThePRESIDENTpro&jm.pore. The amend-
ment. will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add to the resolution the following
proviso:
Provided. That this resolution shall not be held
or construed to interfere with any legal proceedings
"which may be instituted against the said White and
JlamsdeU upon the certificate Usued by the Vice
Pi evident under the third section of the act of Jan-
uary 24, 1857.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear the
wholu resolution read, and then the resolution
its it will stand if amended as proposed.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution sub*
nulled by Mr. wilson on the 22d instant, as
follows:
Ji-sohv-d, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate be, and he hereby, directed to discharge Z. L.
White and 11. J. llam^deli, now held in cu=tody by
lum by au order of the Senate, immediately upon
the linal adjournment of the present special session
of the Senate.
The resolution as it would stand if the pro-
posed amendment were agreed to was read,
Mr. THCJRMAN. Is the question on the
amendment offered by the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye?]
The PUKS1DENT pro tem.pore. It is tlie
amentlmettt ouginally offered by the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] but withdraws!
by him and offered again by the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that.
Mr. SHKBMAN. As I am afraid that a
vote, if taken now, may disclose the want of a
quorum, I do not desire to have the yeas and
nays called at this moment. I shall therefore
occupy a few minutes of the time of the Sen-
ate until Senators gather in, although I would
willingly forego speaking, and will at any
moment yield the floor whenever there is a
sufficient number of Senators present to decide
this question.
A doubt was expressed yesterday by my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] as to the
purpose of Congress in passing the act of 1857
which has been so often quoted. I was then
a member of the House of Representatives.
The subject-matter that gave rise to the pas-
sage of that law caused much public attention
and a great deal of feeling. It grew out of
a publication making charges of corruption
against certain members of Congress. Those
charges were published by Mr. Simonton in
the New York Times, and a committee was
organized, of which Mr. Orr was chairman,
General Banks being at that time Speaker of
the House of Representatives. Mr. Orr and
a very strong committee undertook to conduct
the examination into the alleged corruption
of members of Congress.
Mr. Simonton was called before that com-
mittee and shielded himself on the same plea
that the persons now in arrest shield them-
selves, that is, an alleged professional honor,
and he refused to answer proper and pertinent
questions. On the 21st of January, 1857, the
committee reported, through Mr. Orr, first,
a resolution setting out the general facts in
regard to Mr. Simonton, giving the testimony
of Mr. Simonton and the fact of his refusal to
testify on certain points, and the reasons for
his refusal, and a resolution somewhat similar
to the one adopted in this case, holding Mp.
Simonton in custody; and also reported the
bill which has been so often read in this debate.
I find upon examining this report and the
debate that occurred in the House of Repre-
sentatives that the only reason given for the
passage of the law referred to was that the
House of Representatives could not hold Mr.
Simonton in custody after its adjournment.
There was no other reason alleged. If the
House ofRepresentatives had the power to
commit for contempt for a term of months
or for an indefinite time, if they had the ordin-
ary power of a court of justice to punish a wit-
ness for contempt, there would have been no
occasion to pass such a law. But, as I will
show you by the extracts I will read, the only
reason given for the passage of the act was
that the power of the Senate and of the House
was inadequate to punish the offense of a re-
fusal of a witness to testify before a committee
of Congress, and therefore it was necessary to
declare and make it a criminal offense punish-
able in the ordinary way before the courts.
Mr. CONKLING. Before what committee
was that investigation?
Mr. SHERMAN. A select committee of
the House of Representatives, of which Mr.
Orr was chairman. Mr. Orr having asked
leave to make his report, which was unani-
mously granted, he read the testimony of Mr.
Simonton at length. Then Mr. Orr proceeded:
"The committee consider it unnecessary to enter
into an elaborate argument to establish the power
of the House in this case. Ihesummons issued under
the hand of the Speaker, and was tested by tho Clerk
of the House, and the contumacy of the witness is a
contempt of that authority. If there is doubt
whether this authorizes the arrest of the party in
contempt, and his confinement until the contempt
is purged, besides the right to inflict other punish-
ment aiterwaid, it seems to your committee that
none will question tho authority of the House when
they recur to the statute-book. By an act passed
May 3, 1798,(1 United States Statutes, 551,)autuonty
is given to the President of the Senate, the Speaker
of the House of Kenresontatives, a chairman of tho
Committee of the Whole, or a chairman of a select
committee of either House, to administer oaths to
witnesses iu any ease under their examination, and
willful, absolute, and false swearing before either ia
declared perjury, and is punishable as such. Ilero
is express authority to swear witnesses, and hilse
swearing is punishable as perjury. Is it, then, no
contempt of the authority of this House (and the
committee are acting as and for the House in this
investigation) for a witness to refuse to testify to
material facts within his knowledge ?
" The committee concur unanimously in the opin-
ion that the House is clothed with ample power to
order the party into eustody, there to remain until
released by the same authority, or upon the expira-
tion of the present Congress. The committee rec-
ommend the adoption of the following resolu-
tion."—Congressional Globe, third session Thirty-
Fourth Congress, pp. 403, 404.
Mr. CONKLING-. What is the language,
" expiration of Congress ?"
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution was
adopted, and Mr. Orr thereupon reported from
the select committee of investigation " a bill
more effectually to enforce an attendance of
witnesses on the summons of either House
of Congress and to compel them to discover
testimony."
Mr. SCOTT. Was that at the first or subse-
quent session of a Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the last session of
the Thirty-Fourth Congress. This was in Jan-
uary, 1857, and, as a matter of course, the
Congress expired on the following 4th of
March.
I will now go further to show the reasons
for passing the law. The resolution ordering
Mr. Simonton in custody was then passed:
" Mr. Orr then reported, by unanimous consent,
from the select committee of investigation, 'a bill
more effectually to enforce the attendance of wit-
nesses on the summons of either House of Congress
and to compel them to discover testimony/"
After some debate occurred Mr. Orr resumed
the floor:
"In reply to the suggestion of the Chair, I have
to say that the committee may not be able to pro-
ceed in their investigation so as to report tho facts
to the House, unless such a bill is passed to give us
authority to bring witnesses belbie us, and to inflict
a greater punishment than the committee believe
the House possesses the power to inflict."
I"-**********
44 The power of the House, I believe it is conceded
by ail, in reference to tho punishment which it can
impose for a breach o f its privileges or for contempt,
terminates with the adjournment of Congress. It
terminates upon tfce 4th of March ; and the com-
mittee are satisfied that if the House exercise all tho
power which the majority on this floor claim that it
can exercise, that will be insufficient to extort testi-
mony from unwilling witnesses/'—Ibid,, page405.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question right there, whether the 4th of March
referred to by tha^chairman of the committee
was the end of the Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that distinctly.
" That is the position in which wc are placed; that-
is the reason for the necessity of this special report
from the select committee."
Now I will read another paragraph, so as
to present the exact precedent furnished by
this case of Simonton. After some collateral
debate by others, Mr. Orr resumed the floor
again and said:
"The House considers that the excuse which he
tenders lor his contumacy is insufficient, and the
House orders him into the custody of the Sergeant-
at-Arms. Until when? Your power to punish for
any contempt committed against the authority of
the body or which you are members expires un-
questionably when the commission ot the members
constituting that body expires. Of that there can he
no doubt. A question might be raised on that point
in tho Senate of the United States, wheio a majority
of the Senators hold over four yeais from the par-
ticular time when a matter ot this soifc should trans-
pire. But in this House, where the commissions
expire, there is no doubt on that question. I believe
that no one has ever held that the House has author-
ity to go beyond the limitation of the term iorwhioh
the members are elected in punishing witnesses for
contempt of the authority of Ihe House. Is thit
punishment adequate? What would be the term
of the imprisonment?—Ibid., pages 405, 4()G.
And so he proceeds. 1 know that the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] with his
natural acuteness will endeavor to draw a dis-
tinction between the termination of the Con-
gress and the adjournment of the House ; but
by reference to the precedents in the British
Parliament, from whence we derive all our
parliamentary law, it is found that the pro-
roguement of the House of Commons, the
