1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
The monstrous character of such a policy
needs no comment. All right-minded men see
that it isanarchy, and that all the dearest rights
of man and of society are sacrificed by its prev-
alence. When men, on never so plausible an
excuse,, take the administration of justice from
the proper tribunals into their own hands,
society is thrown back into a state of barbarism;
government, in a proper sense, ceases to exist.
If there be power under the Constitution to
cure this evil we cannot afford to refuse or
postpone the labor of devising a remedy.
I am not prepared to deny that maladminis-
tration has occurred in many of the southern
States. I know such to have been the fact.
I do not think it would have been less likely
to occur if the government had been in Demo-
cratic hands. On the contrary, other things
being equal, I think quite the reverse would
have been the case. 1 am informed that the
white Democrat in southern Legislatures sells
his vote as often and as cheaply as the black
or white Republican.
But how comes it that we have Legislatures,
either Republican or Democratic, which are
bought and sold at the pleasure of any man
who will pay for them? Note, sir: I do not
Bay that such is the fact, I only ask, if such be
the fact, why is it? I answer, your reconstruc-
tion laws excluded from seats in those Legis-
latures almost all men of known political char-
acter, almost all men of .recognized social
standing, almost all men having a property
interest in the States reconstructed. It was a
general necessity to elect either men who had
never been before recognized as having pecu-
liar fitness for office among the white race,
or strangers whose recent advent to our com-
munity precluded any considerable degree of
acquaintance with or interest in the require-
ments of the State, or black men whose lives
bad been passed in bondage and ignorance.
Of the first class it is enough to say that we
had no right to expect any great excellence as
legislators unless they were born such. We
had no right to expect with confidence the dis-
play of extraordinary gifts in men whose lives
had hitherto given no evidence of their exist-
ence. They had not been tried. It was cer-
tainly unreasonable to expect that trial would
develop either an unusual amount of capacity
or integrity in men whom their neighbors had
ne.ver before thought worth trying at all.
Of the second class it is enough to say that
we were still more in the dark with regard to
them. They might be excellent men who had
come with missionary purpose to inculcate
the political ideas which had made the States
of their origin great and powerful; they might
be men who, having nothing in the way of
character at home, the loss of which would not
benefit them, had the laudable desire to ac-
quire one in the South they might think worth
keeping. We have been fortunate in acquir-
ing some of them. Theyarean honor both to
the States which gave them birth and to that
which they have made their home. Others
we would gladly return to those States whose
political fortunes are so assured as to render
the presence of a few more or less knaves or
charlatans of little moment. To us they are
a curse. Their professions are of the loude3t :
their deeds are of the foulest.
It is of the black men, however, that a large
proportion of the officers of South Carolina,
and of its counties, and of the members of
the General" Assembly, are composed. Now
and then we have an able, upright, well-edu-
cated black man, who shows what his race is
capable of under the influences which we hope
to see yet surround it. But, I ask you, Mr.
President, what you had a right to expect of
the blacks of the South in the capacity of pub-
lic officers? Had they not for seven genera-
tions been subject to the direction of others?
Was this a training which would suddenly fit
them to direct their owu action intelligently?
Had they ever been placed where they de-
pended on themselves? Did they not habit-
42© Cong.-1st Sbss.—No. 14.
ually, and of necessity, depend on others for
counsel, for control, for direction? Could
you expect to find them self-reliant, inde-
pendent, uncontrolled by demagogues, trick-
sters, and knaves?
Having been slaves, completely subject to
the will of masters all their lives, did you ex-
pect they could assume all at once the habits
of thought and action of free, self-poised, un-
biased, intelligent legislators? Having labored
all their lives for the benefit of others, and
having had their material wants always sup-
plied under the guardianship of others, did you
suppose they would use the money they earned
as treemen with the discretion and judgment
which belongs to men who have always labored
for and supported themselves? Stinted to the
gratification of a few of the most simple wants
by the masters whom they served, rarely having
seen money which was their own, did you ex-
pect they would resist the temptation to put
abundance in their own pockets when a vote
of yea or nay would do it?
The great States of New York and Pennsyl-
vania are not wholly free from charges of cor-
ruption against their legislators, though they
hold high social positions and represent a highly
cultivated and intelligent people. Shall it be
deemed strange if a Legislature made up as I
have shown it was necessary to make up that
of South Carolina feebly-and humbly follows
an example set by the Empire and Keystone
States? Mr. President, character is not formed
in a day. Integrity, firmness of purpose, fixed
principles, are only formed by natural pro-
cesses. Obstacles met and overcome; tempta-
tions offered and resisted ; difficulties strug-
gled with and conquered ; a life of trial; these
are the elements which establish character.
What opportunity had the slaves of the South
had to acquire powers of resistance to tempta-
tions which have proved too strong for men
bred under happier auspices, in the midst of
institutions which all tend to nurture and
strengthen the moral fiber?
In making these comments upon the char-
acter and qualifications of the black men of
the South as public officers I am actuated by
no unkind or unfriendly feeling. No man has
a higher sense of what we owe to that race for
their generally exemplary conduct during the
last few years than I have. Their progress in
education and in general civilization since their
emancipation has been wonderful. And even
as legislators, and as the incumbents of other
public positions, the wonder is not that they
have done so ill, but that they have done
so well. That they have been able, with the
slight advantages they had hitherto enjoyed,
to get on at all in many public positions to
which they have been elevated, is matter of
just pride to them and to their friends; and I
know that my views in regard to the disad
vantages under which they entered upon their
new career are shared by those of their race
whose education and experience have best
enabled them to consider the whole subject
dispassionately. I have never been their flat-
terer, but I have always been their friend.
Mr. President, it was as easy to predict that
officers chosen from the classes I have described
would furnish many instances of corruption,
of maladministration, and of incapacity as it
is to predict that the sun which rose yesterday
and the day before and all preceding days will
rise to-morrow. From the first day I came
into this body till to-day I have never omitted
an opportunity to say what I could in favor of
a general relief of disabilities. I had seen
that a single interest had generated a single
purpose in the southern people which worked
with terrible energy. I believed it was unwise
to reunite by a common tie, even though it
were by a brand of disgrace, the body whose
solidity had been shattered and broken by the
destruction, of that single interest. Lines
should not have been drawn between classes
in the South which a sentiment, an ill-founded
sentiment, if you please, would not allow them
to pass. I believe the attempt to set tip State
governments in the South without the partici-
pation therein of the mass of the intelligence
and the property of the States to be governed
was a grave error. I believe that but for that
error we should to-day have a condition of
prosperity and good government in South
Carolina and in other southern States alto-
gether higher than ever obtained there before,
and that a majority of our people would be in
happy accord on all national questions with
the political party to which you, sir, and I
belong, and whose great principles we cherish.
But, sir, until you place the whole southern
people where you can demand of each of them
the exercise of such official functions as the
people shall desire to devolve upon him, you
fail to fix upon them that responsibility for
violations of law and order which they should
all be made to bear. Until you recognize the
fact that the wealth and intelligence of a com-
munity will always exert a- powerful influence
in controlling its affairs, and that it is your
interest to enlist that influence on your side
by every means in your power, a condition of
discontent will exist. When you attempt to
govern the South without utilizing the best
forces it can furnish it is like the attempt to
play Hamlet with the Prince of Denmark left
out.
The war assumed gigantic proportions. A
rebellion in name, it came to be a conflict be-
tween two mighty peoples. The negotiations
between the two armies assumed the forms of
such intercourse between two nations alien to
each other. But our theory of the war and
our theory of government did not permit the
war to close by a treaty of peace. Had this
been done, however, who can doubt that in
all except the questions at issue in the conflict
perfect equality of rights would have been
granted to the citizens of each section?. The
passions aroused by the contest, still hot and
uncontrolled, did not permit this at the time
when the war closed.
In many respects this equality will never be
granted. It can never be permitted that the
people of the country, or or the lately insur-
rectionary States, should be taxed to pay debts
or losses incurred by rebels in the prosecution
of rebellion. A constitutional provision for-
bidding such payment has been wisely adopted.
There is no fear that any desire will be mani-
fested by the southern people themselves to
undo this part of the now fundamental law.
But, sir, in the ordinary rights and immuni-
ties of citizens, in the eligibility to hold State
and Federal office, in the responsibilities and
obligations to the State from all its constitu-
ent members, sound policy dictates that in-
equality should no longer mar our system.
Exclusion of any class of men from full par-
ticipation in rights otherwise common to all
is a danger in itself. Exclusion of the most
intelligent and wealthy portion of the people
is, in my judgment, a grievous blunder.
A few words more on the general subject of
the outrages committed by the bands of oat-
laws who have associated themselves under
the name of the Ku Klux Klan. These men
justify themselves under the pretext that cor-
ruption, spoliation, crime, stalk at noonday and
go unpunished in the States reconstructed;
that the ballot-boxes are violated; that officers
never elected are foisted on the people, and
administer the people's affairs without regard
to the public interest or public decency ; that
extravagance in Government has imposed un-
necessary and intolerable taxation ; that the
legislators, having no taxes to pay, levy on the
property-holders for all their corrupt schemes
may require; that the wealth and intelligence
of the people have no voice in the levying, col-
lection, or disbursement of the public revenues;
that no remedy is left for these evils except to
scourge, kill, or banish those who sustain or
affiliate with the party which is held responsible
for these things. Of course there is great ex-
aggeration in their statement of the evils which
