210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
exist; but whether this be admitted ornotit
makes no less the necessity to do something,
if possible, to put an end to a state of things
utterly intolerable.
• The facts are before us with regard to one
State; they are almost as well known with
regard to many other localities. The counties
of Union, Chester, York, Spartanburg, and
Laurens, in South Carolina, are now in such a
condition as to excite the gravest alarm. In
the first named ihe Ku Klux have warned
every county officer to vacate his position
■within fifteen days, and those officers, knowing
full well the peril of refusal, havo obeyed the
order. Civil government in that county,
except as dictated by the Ku Klux Klan,
has ceased to be possible. Our Democratic
friends on this floor may depreciate, and dis-
believe in, the significance of what we call
the Ku Klux operations, but their friends in
Carolina do not share this incredulity; they
are thoroughly awake to the necessity of some
movement to check the bloody tramp of this
no longer mythical Klan. The best of them
•will welcome any constitutional measure which
, will free them from daily apprehension of a
renewal of civil war. It is too late to call an
attempt to suppress these outrages a partisan
measure.
It is not enough to say that the local admin-
istration of government is so bad as to render
their occurrence natural and probable. What-
ever their origin, under whatsoever pretext
they are committed, the main fact in the case,
the fact upon which our action must be based,
is that they exist, and that they have defied
successfully the State authorities. Unless we
mean to abandon the districts in which they
occur to anarchy, to civil war, to the rule of
the Ku Klux Klan, we must either search out
some power now given by the laws the exer-
cise of which is adequate to the necessity, or
we must frame and enact some statute effective,
or likely to be effective, for the protection due
to the citizen.
In framing sueh a statute the best legal
knowledge, the clearest judgment, the wisest
statesmanship of this body may find ample
scope for their exercise. No tyro's hand can
draw such a law. Protection to life, liberty,
and property is an object worthy of great sac-
rifices; but until it is demonstrated that the
great objects for which the Constitution was
framed, of which this protection is unques-
tionably one of the foremost, have generally
failed to be accomplished, no profane hand
should be allowed to violate one of the great
principles which that instrument contains, still
less to abrogate the dogma of local control
and administration of local affairs, on which the
real strength, as well as harmony, of our
system so largely depends. We must put into
the hands of the Executive no instrumentality
for the correction of the present evils the use
of which at some future time by less honest
men may prove a national curse instead of a
national blessing.
The natives of Australia use a missile weapon
of peculiar form which, if unskilifully thrown,
is liable to return and kill him who throws it.
They call ita " boomerang." Mr. President,
the "boomerang" is a dangerous weapon.
If the abuses which these outlaws allege as
justifying their acts are real, if our political
friends are guilty of the charges so freely made
of corruption, extravagance, and general mal-
administration, it behooves each and every
true Republican to look them squarely in the
face, use every power he possesses to remove all
ground fur such charges, and institute a thor-
ough and radical reform. The guilty parties
should be made to understand that their pro-
fessions of loyalty and Republicanism, their
claims of devotion to the cause of equal rights,
their hatred of rebellion and rebels, furnish no
set-off for peculation, incompetency in office,
or geueral dishonesty. Acts of Congress will
not make men good Christians; but the moral
influence of the Republican party pan be
brought to bear in condemnation of every spe-
cies of dishonesty which marks the official
course of men placed in office by Republican
votes. That influence should mark with the
brand of infamy those unworthy members
who cloak personal greed, official corruption,
and general immorality under the mantle of
Republican principles.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, the
amendment offered by my colleague is to in-
clude in the resolution the bill introduced by
me originally and now before the Senate. This
bill proposes to relieve the disabilities of all
persons involved in the rebellion except three
classes:
First. All persons who being members of
the Congress of the United States withdrew
from their seats and aided the rebellion.
Second. All persons who being officers of
the Army or Navy of the United States, and
being above the age of twenty-one years, left
said Army or Navy and aided the rebellion.
Third. All persons who being members of
State conventions which adopted pretended
ordinances of secession voted in favor of the
adoption of such ordinances.
Mr. President, the third section of the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States excludes from State or Federal
office all persons who participated in the rebel-
lion who had held any office, State or Federal,
which required the taking of an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
The fourteenth amendment was originated
by Congress in June, 18G6, shortly after the
termination of the war growing out of seces-
sion, and before the rebellion was proclaimed
by the authorities of the United States to have
terminated, which termination was not pro-
nounced to have occurred until the 20th day
of August, 18G6.
The fourteenth amendment represented the
then existing state of public sentiment of the
people of the United States. The passions
agitated by the great struggle through which
the country had passed had not then subsided.
Even at that early day it was deemed proper
to grant amnesty to the greater part of the per-
sons engaged iu the rebellion. This was done
by the fourteenth amendment in reserving from
amnesty a certain class, those who had taken
an oath of office to support the Constitution of
the United States. All others engaged in the
rebellion were by necessary implication fully
pardolTed. We may say, then, in general terms,
that the vast majority of persons engaged in
the rebellion were pardoned by the fourteenth
amendment. The fourteenth amendment was,
then, an act of grace and pardon. It is true,
it excluded from this grace and pardon a cer-
tain class of persons; but even as to them it
did not make their exclusion from pardon per-
petual. On the contrary, it gave Congress
power to relieve all disabilities. The four-
teenth amendment teaches the lesson of for-
giveness, for it pardoned far more persons than
it proscribed, and the proscription of none
was perpetual, but subject to the discretion of
Congress.
When the fourteenth amendment was ori-
ginated it was not deemed prudent to pardon
all persons engaged in the rebellion. It was
necessary to draw the line of distinction be-
tween those who were pardoned and those who
were not pardoned. In drawing this line it
had to be done in a general way. It was done
by excluding from pardon all who participated
in the rebellion and had taken the oath to sup-
port the Constitution. This, perhaps, was as
good a line of general division between those to
be pardoned and those who were not to be par-
doned as could have been devised. But it was
merely an arbitrary line; and many persons
who deserved pardon were excluded from
pardon by it, and many persons more to blame
than some of those excluded from pardon
were pardoned.
-' ['e fourteenth amendment did not, as re-
individuals, dispense exact justice;
indeed, it did not profess to do so. Many
were embraced in the disfranchisement an-
nounced by the fourteenth amendment who
were as little deserving of proscription as
could well be imagined, and many of the more
intense secessionists were pardoned by the
fourteenth amendment. We cannot consider
the fourteenth amendment, then, as a rule of
perfect justice. Many of the most innocent
were punished by it, many of the most guilty
absolved. There is nothing, then, in the jus-
tice dispensed by the fourteenth amendment
to make us cherish it in an especial manner.
If I consult my own judgment, I would say
pass an act of universal amnesty with a few
individual exceptions: but as I wish to attain
a practical result, I have, in deference to what
I take to be the opinion of Congress, excluded
from my proposed bill of amnesty all persons
who left Congress, the Army or Navy of the
United States, and all persons who were mem-
bers of State conventions that adopted pre-
tended ordinances of secession, and voted for
such ordinances and afterward joined the rebel-
lion. With the exception of these three classes
I propose universal amnesty. My reasons for
thus giving amnesty are briefly these: I wish
to restore peace, good feeling, and harmony to
the country. I have always been devotedly
attached to the Union of the States. I have
always seen in the flag of my country the sym-
bol of hope to mankind. Upon the success of
our Government depends, as I believe, the
fate of liberty.
For the well-working of our complicated
forms of government harmony in all its parts
is essential. According to our theory of govern-
ment a very large portion of the functions of
govern mentis of alocal character. The Federal
Government takes cognizance of few great mat-
ters of national interest and leaves the great
mass of governmental powers to the States,
which in turn largely distribute them out to
the counties. And one important branch of the
Government, the Judiciary, requires the aid of
individual citizens in the jury-box. Our Gov-
ernment acts upon the theory of self-govern-
ment, and assumes that the people of every
locality are competent for self-government and
well disposed to it.
To keep up a military iorce to preserve order
is in violation of the theory upon which our
Government rests, the consent of the gpv-
erned. For this system of local and self-gov-
ernment to work efficiently the people of the
different localities must be well disposed to
the Government. To make them thus well
disposed, I propose to remove what they con-
sider grievances. I propose to let such dis-
contented portions of the country see that the
national Government is well disposed to them.
By this exercise of kindness, I hope to win
back to the love of their couut-y our erring
brothers. My policy is very simple; it is to
show all of our people that the Federal Gov-
ernment wishes to be kind to them.
I know that the fourteenth amendment is con-
sidered by many at the South as a grievance.
I propose to remove this grievance; at least, in
part. The tendency of this removal cannot but
be good; it is a step toward harmony and con-
ciliation. The experience of England in re-
gard to Ireland admonishes me of the import-
ance of removing all grievances. The union
between England and Ireland has never been
cordial; the Irish people have always supposed
they were hardly dealt with b/ the British
Government, and after long experience of the
inefficiency of a repressive policy in regard to
Ireland, the British Government has become
satisfied of the necessity of a policy of conci li-
ation. My idea is to profit by the experience
of Great Britain in regard to Ireland, and enter
upon & policy of conciliation and harmony at
once. Let us exhaustconciliation. If that fails,
then other means will remain to us; but let us
exhaust conciliation first.
While the proposed amnesty is likely to do
good as a step in the way of conciliation, I
