1871
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
would wish to be informed what good the re-
fusal of amnesty does? If any Senator can dis-
cern a particle of good the refusal of amuesty
does, he must be gifted with a wonderfully
acute vision. It may be said it keeps certain
persons out of office who were engaged in the
rebellion. Well, what of that? That amounts
to nothing. If here and there someof those per-
sons get into office, what harm would it do to
the country? None at all. This Government
is too great to fear the consequences of a few
bad men getting into office. The fourteenth
amendment, in my opinion,does but little good ;
its only office is to afford discontented men a
grievance, I do not propose to gratify these
grumblers by giving them this grievance any
longer.
While amnesty will tend to produce a good
feeling South in regard to the Federal Govern-
ment, it will also tend to accomplish another
most desirable result: it will tend to greater
harmony between the two races South. No
one can be more kindly disposed to our col-
ored population than I am, no one more
ardently desires their prosperity, their happi-
ness, and advancement. I am deeply im-
pressed with the conviction that their hap-
piness largely depends upon the harmony be-
tween them and the whites, among whom they
live. As a sincere friend to our colored citi-
sens, I earnestly desire to see entire harmony
mony between the two races.
One strong reason, then, with me for favor-
ing amnesty is that I think it will have a good
effect on the relations of the two races South.
By the operation of the fourteenth amendment
a portion of the whites South, one of the most
intelligent portions, are disqualified to hold
office, while the colored citizens are all tree
from such disqualification. Thus, practically,
at the South, tbe colored people appear to be
more favored by our legislation than the whites.
This, of course, produces dissatisfaction, and
tends to the alienation of the two races. As a
friend to the colored race, then, I wish to see
the whites allowed every right the colored race
enjoys, and this cannot be without amnesty.
I know this amnesty will be hailed with pleas-
ure by the colored race. Their generous and
forgiving natures cause them to wish to see
the whites as free as themselves; and as I
have been an earnest advocate for the colored
man to enjoy every right before the law, so I
equally desire now to see the whites enfran-
chised.
Further, I favor amnesty in the interest of
the Republican party. You, my Republican
colleagues, have shown yourselves the friends
of the colored race at the South. Why not
show now that you are equally the friends of
the white race, forgiving and forever bury-
ing the hatchet, and striking hands with our
southern brethren, who, having a common in-
terest with us, must share their responsibilities
in the maintenance and perpetuation of lib-
erty? As long as the Republican party oppose
themselves to amnesty and measures of concil-
iation they cannot make progress in acquiring
popularity at the South among the whites.
Upon the question ofhuman rights, the essen-
tial bond of union in the Republican party,
all parties in the South, as I understand it,
stand on the same platform. All parties there
accept the validity of the constitutional amend-
ments, all admit the freedom of the colored
race—their right to vote and their equality
before the law. I can speak with confidence
of my own State. Where the question of the
status of the colored race in law, the Repub-
lican and the opposition party, known as the
Reform party, the only two parties in the State
at our last election, occupy the same position,
in regard to the rights of the colored race.
Such being the case, there is no reason why
the whites should not largely join the Repub-
lican party, but for the impression that exists
that the Republican party is not friendly to
them.
I propose to remove this objection by indu-
cing you, Republican colleagues, to enter upon
a kind policy toward the whites of the South.
Let them see that you are as much their
friends as you are the friends of the colored
race, and you will soon find the opposition in
the southern States among the whites to our
party weakening. As the matter now stands,
many whites at the South who would join the
Republican party are deterred from doing so
by the fact that we are the party apparently
antagonistic to the whites.
I propose to inaugurate a different policy.
I wish to induceyou, my friends on the Repub-
lican side of the Senate, by liberality in grant-
ing amnesty, and otherwise, to show that we
are better friends to the whites of the South
than the Democrats of the North are. As
soon as we begin to exhibit this spirit of kind-
ness we will be laying the foundation of our
party power at the South on the most solid
foundation. The worst enemies to the suc-
cess of the Republican party South are those
who seek to antagonize the North against the
white people South.
It is now nearly six years since the rebellion
was suppressed. It is time to pursue a vigor-
ous peace policy. The public heart would
respond with enthusiasm to this policy. I
remember the noble words of the President
of the United States in this connection, "Let
us have peace." These-glorious words, of
which he may be justly proud, found an echo
in the hearts of the people. But how are we
to have peace? In my opinion we are to have
it by ardently desiring it and pursuing a gen-
erous, kind, and fraternal policy. I avow
tnyself in favor of that policy. I wish to see a
united country. I wish to see concord, harm-
ony, and fraternity existing all over the land.
Let us begin the policy here by granting am-
nesty, by initiating a policy of generosity and
kindness to our erring brothers of the South
who were in rebellion.
The Republican party may acquire a greater
glory than any it has heretofore acquired. Let
it become the pacificator of the country. Let
us give reality to that noble sentiment of Pres-
ident Grant, in the interest of domestic peace,
to which I have alluded. This is the noblest
mission any party can have before it, thus
establishing the unity of the country in reality
as well as in name. The triumphs of the bat-
tle-field are but ephemeral at last, but the
triumphs of peace are noble and enduring.
Our divine Saviour taught "peace ofi earth
and good-will to men let us act in the light
of that great instruction, and we will do more
as a party to advance the interests of our coun-
try and the welfare of the human race, so
bound up in our success, than has ever been
done by any party organization that has pre-
ceded us.
" In conclusion, Mr. President, I am satisfied
that the passage of this amnesty bill will do
more to restore peace and harmony in the
South than any coercive law that can be passed
at this session of Congress. Therefore I most
respectfully and earnestly recommend the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. If no other gentleman
wishes to address the Senate, I move an ad-
journment.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 21, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleh, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of the journal.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, to make a correction of the Journal. I
introduced yesterday a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 41) relative to an inquiry into the expedi-
ency of consolidating the Charlestown and
Kittery navy-yards, and after the reference of
the resolution to the Committee-on Naval
Affairs I entered a motion to re.consider the
vote by which the bill was referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make an
explanation. Just on the eve of the adjourn-
ment yesterday the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] introduced and had referred the
joint resolution he has named, and the gentle- .
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnswoeth] moved
to reconsider and lay on the table all refer-
ences, which motion, as he hassince explained,
was not intended to include the joint resolution
of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
have made the motion with regard to that joint
resolution if I had not supposed it was covered
by the motion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from Illinois
moved to reconsider and lay on the table before
my resolution was offered, and after the reso-
lution was offered, without being read, the
Speaker said "to include this resolution," and
immediately the House adjourned, when I had
obtained the floor for the very purpose of enter-
ing a motion to reconsider, and did enter it
immediately on offering the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Does this relate to a bill
introduced yesterday ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the gentle-
man from Maine is correct.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I moved that
the House adjourn, and yielded to the gentle-
man from Maine.
The SPEAKER. The fault seems to be
with the Chair, and the correction of the Jour-
nal will be ordered if no objection is made.
Mr. LYNCH. No opposition can be made
•to this resolution except on the part of one
or two of the Massachusetts delegation. It
was unanimously agreed to by the Committee
on Naval Affairs at the last session, but not
reported for want of time.
Mr. DAWES. What, is the bill?
Mr. LYNCH. It is to inquire into the expe-
diency of consolidating the Kittery and Charles-
town navy-yards.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Maine
had three or four of these bills, not a bit alike,
and I wish him to state which one this is.
Mr. LYNCH. I will state to the gentleman
that it is a resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs and unanimously
agreed to by that committee.
Mr. RANDALL. What time was this bill
introduced?
The SPEAKER. After the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] made his motion to
adjourn. The gentleman frum Illinois [Mr.
Farnswoeth] moved to reconsider all previous
references, &c., and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider belaid upon the table. On
putting the motion the Chair said "to include
this bill." The gentleman from Illinois says
that his motion was not intended to include
this bill, and the gentleman from Maine says
that he was actually upon the floor to enter a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. What was the intention
and action of the House? I maintain that the
intention of the House was to restrict the gen-
tleman from Maine from bringing his bill back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAWES. Is it the object of the gen-
tleman from Maine to call up this bill and
put it on its passage on the motion to recon-
sider?
Mr. LYNCH. That was the object I had
in view in entering the motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will take
notice.
Mr. LYNCH. For the reason that I could
not get the floor yesterday to move to suspend
the rules. I know of no opposition in the
House except from one or two of the Mas-
sachusetts delegation. I submitted the bill
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] and he agreed to this very bill.
Mr. DAWES. If this is the one the gentle-
