1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania. I will yield to him
now.
Mr. SCOTT. As I do not expect to partici-
pate in this discussion, but feel interested in
it for various reasons, some of which are
apparent to the Senate, I wish to suggest to
the Senator from New York that if it be true,
as suggested, that a contempt cannot continue
against this body after its session has ceased,
how can it be that a contempt can be com-
mitted against it when it is not in session?
Mr. CONKLING. That is a very cogent
inquiry. We have instructive illustrations 111
our own history; one that occurs to me now ;
another was referred to, I think, by a Senator
the other day ; instances in which a committee
of this body sitting in vacation summoning a
witness and finding that he refused to answer,
and reporting him here, have been met by the
Senate with a readiness to affirm that it was a
contempt liable to all the dangers of contempt.
Why? Because the committee to which the
Senate in vacation had delegated this power
represented the Senate as fully as the commit-
tee would have done had its sessions occurred
during the sessions of the Senate also. That
is the only reason. I submit, therefore, that
it is quite too late for us to argue that the Sen-
ate has not the power to raise a committee
and continue the powers of that committee
during the vacations of the Senate itself.
Mr. BA.YA.RD rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I see my friend wishes
to interrupt me.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator from New
York is through 
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir, Ihavenotcon-
cluded; but I thought the Senator wanted to
ask a question.
Mr. BAYARD. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, coming
to the one precedent, as the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] called it which he cited, and
to the reasoning by which it was supported at
the time, I should say, had I been a spectator,
without knowledge except derived at the mo-
ment of the side the Senator was supporting,
that he was reading that precedent in favor of
the law as I understand it, and not in favor of
the law as he maintains it.
What were the facts there? The House of
Representatives was in session. The time in
question was the last session of the House.
By the Constitution of the United States on
the 4th of March that House was as dead as
Julius Caesar or Henry VIIL. There was no
escape from that. As certain as death was the
death of that House with all its powers, be the
same more or less, at a day and hour fixed by
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. And allow me to suggest
there was no committee of that House con-
tinued to receive the answer.
Mr. CONKLING. I am coming to that in
one moment.
Now, Mr. President, what said Mr. Orr?
He referred the House to these ancient acts
which I have in my hand, and which, although
contrived with some dexterity by our fathers,
although framed by men illustrious for their
wisdom and their genius, were adapted only to
the morality which prevailed at that day.
They were made strong and energetic enough
only for the witnesses upon whom they were
expected to operate. At the time of which
we are speaking Mr. Orr and the House reached
a day, in its experience, when these old modes
were, too weak, when the vigor with which they
could be applied was not great enough to per-
suade witnesses to yield to the mandate of the
law. Therefore he came to the House and
reported the inadequacy of existing provisions,
and asked of the House three additional pro-
visions, one of which should compel men to
attend upon penalty, which should make the
arm of the law long enough and strong enough,
if necessary, to drag before its tribunals men
summoned as witnesses; a provision which,
in the setond place, should take from the wit-
ness every pretext for refusing after he should
have appeared, by indemnifying the witness,
if I may so say, against any harm to come to
him from delivering such testimony as he might
give; and then providing, in the third place,
(because it was only to the third provision that
the Senator from Ohio called attention,) that,
in addition to all the. penalties theretofore and
then existing, over and beyond them a witness
who did refuse to answer, either before a com-
mittee or the House, should be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, of a violation specifically
of the laws of his country, forwhich it should
be the duty of the Presiding Officer to hand
him over to the judicial tribunals there to be
dealt with on the presentment of a grand jury.
Now, Mr. President, the Senate sees from a
statement of these provisions that the want of
power which the committee reported was not
in a.single respect only; that they thought the
time had come when in all these three respects
the law should be succored and invigorated.
What did Mr. Orr say touching the necessity
of this third provision at that time? Speak-
ing in January, with but a succeeding month,
and that the shortest month in the year, to
intervene between the day oti which he spoke
and the death-time of the Congress, he said:
"It would be idle for us to rely in this case
upon that measure of imprisonment which
alone is within our power." And he stated
most strongly, I submit to the Senator, the
precise idea in his mind when he said, "How
can a body detain a witness in custody after
the expiration of the commission of every
member of that body?" Sure enough, Mr.
President, how could a judicial tribunal, a
court, a parliamentary body, or any other en-
tity in which human authority exists, assert
that authority after its own life-time had ceased
and every function of its own was dead?
Among the particular results and impossi-
bilities to which this proposition points us is
that to which the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thukman] adverted a moment ago. He truly
says, after the 4th of March there could be no
committee of the House; and I add to his
statement, there could be no House of Rep-
resentatives even to assemble and receive the
answer of the witness or enable him to purge
himself. Therefore we have in the proposi-
tion to detain a man after the 4th of March
the coincidence of these two monstrous ele-
ments: first, a body attempting to exert a
great prerogative right after all its powers
and its life had ceased; and second, a body
attempting the exercise of such despotism as
to imprison a man on the 4th of March, saying
to him—and I borrow the poetic phrase which
I once heard from my honorable friend from
Massachusetts nearest to me, [Mr. Wilson]—
"The snow-flakes of December shall fly before
you shall be permitted, however contrite you
may be, to find any tribunal in this broad
Republic which will receive your expurgation
and set you free."
Why, Mr. President, it needed no argument
from Mr. Orr, it needed no suggestion to men
tolerably informed of the genius of our Gov-
ernment, to prove that there could be no balder,
no more monstrous usurpation than for a House
of Representatives to undertake to imprison a
man and then detain him in custody after the
House itself had died, leaving succeeding that
House no committee, no successor of any kind,
for eight or nine months, which could assemble
or appear and enable the witness to purge
himself and submit to the law.
Nay, Mr. President, I remind the Senator
from Ohio who made this suggestion that the
argument goes further than that, because
legally there could never on earth be a tri-
bunal after that to receive the man's answer,
for the next House would be a new House,
and all matters fall with the end of a Congress.
The next House would have had no jurisdic-
tion of the case of Simonton, in December
following, when the House met; and thus to
have held, in that iostauce, that they might
imprison him after the 4th of March would
have been to say that they might imprison him,
if he had lived so long, until eternity grew t
gray and hobbled upon the crutches of time,'
though he might have been willing to come
forward and pufge himself. From a proposi-
tion so monstrous as that the House, of course,
retreated. Has that anything to do with this
question ? If it has, I ask in all seriousness
what it has to do with it?
Mr. President, when the Senator from Ohio
shall find a precedent, when he shall find a
well-considered opinion from any student of
the philosophy of our Government, holding
that the House of Representatives, should it
adjourn over for the holidays, for two weeks,
and leave a committee expressly authorized
to sit during that fortnight and receive the
testimony of a witness, must adjourn the wit-
ness in contempt over the holidays also or
discharge him because Christmas has arrived,
then he will find a case or an opinion entirely
in point, and I will defer at least to the fact,,
if it exists, even if I cannot defer to its rea-
soning.
Mr. THURMAN. As I do not intend to
speak on this subject, I should like to suggest
this question to the consideration of those
who do propose to speak. Suppose that dur-
ing the late civil war the Senate had reason
to believe that a Senator was communicating
the doings of the Senate in secret session to
the enemy. There were secret sessions both
of the Senate and of the House for legislative
business during the civil war, as there have
been during all wars. There were secret ses-
sions during the war of 1812. The declara-
tion of the' war of 1812 was made in secret
session. Suppose that during the civil war
the Senate had good reason to believe that
some metn'oer of this body was traitorously
communicating to the enemy the secret resolves
of the Senate, and a committee was appointed
to investigate that, could it be that the attempt
to find out that traitor in the very body itself
would end with the end of the session ?
Mr. CONKLING. A very cogent form of
putting the question, it seems to me, and I am
obliged to the Senator for suggesting it, for the
reason, among others, that it is a contribution
to the apology that I owe for detaining the Sen-
ate a moment on the question. We see from
that illustration, and from many others which
might be given, the strange predicament 111
which we should find ourselves if we were here
to assert, for any purpose, either for detaining
or discharging any particular witness, that we
have no powers in this regard which do not
cease the instant that a vacation of this body
for a week, or a month, or half a year may
occur.
Mr. President, I do not mean to pursue this
line of thought. Perhaps I ought in frankness
to confess that I have been making these obser-
vations without having looked at the prece-
dents. I am speaking upon a memory some
years old, for I have had no occasion for sev-
eral years to refer to any of the precedents
applicable to this matter, and I am speak-
ing therefore rather upon general principles
than upon specific authorities, and I make my
remarks rather as suggestions.
Mr. SH15RMAN. Before the Senator con-
cludes, in order to give him an opportunity to
reply to the cases which I cited, I will refer
him to English'authorities, because I find they
are much stronger than even I supposed.
Mr. CONKLjLNG. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless there is a dis-
tinction between the Seuate and House of
Representatives the case is clear on the au-
thorities. The whole matter is discussed with
a fullness of precedent that my attention had
not been called to before in May's Parlia-
mentary Practice, where the cases are cited.
Referring to volume one, in regard to breaches
of privileges of the House. Mr. May lays down
the general principle that there is no differ-
ence between the two Houses in England, the
