1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
ished by Parliament, and not the case of wit-
nesses held for contempt, to which it applies.
]t is exactly such a ease as would occur if
some person now should intrude himself from
(lie ou.side of this Chamber Mid inflict a per-
sonal indignity or a personal injury upon the
Senator from Indiana as he sits in his chair.
There would be a case of punishment of this
offender for the infraction of your privileges
and the violation of your laws; but that, I
submit, has nothing legally to do with the
question we are considering to-day.
The Senator from Ohio hands me the dic-
tionary with the definition of the word "proro-
gation," which is, first, " the act of proroguing,
continuance, prolongation, postponement, ad-
journment;" second, "in England the con-
tinuance or adjournment of Parliament from
one session to another made by the royal
authority." So that, had wc royal authority
here, and could we apply the dynamics of that
case to ours, we should sit here liable at any
moment, by the action of a hand above us, to
be dissolved never to meet again until the
pleasure of royalty should convene us, or until
we had reached that day which royalty in ad-
vance had fixed. With any definition of "pro-
rogation," or with any state of case which my
honorable friend can find in the English prece-
dents, I deny, first, their application to this;
and, admitting their application, then I say
they decide the principle of the law. and, I
think, the law itself, against the Senator from
Ohio, not with him.
Now, Mr. President, one or two other sug-
gestions and I shall have done. I have been
protesting againstone of the reasons advanced
for the proposed action. I wish to protest
against another. Whatever may be the action
ot this body let us in reason and self respect
place it upon some other foundation than the
allegation that the Senate has been vindicated.
That, 1 humbly submit, is too much for human
credulity ; and do not let us excite the deris-
ion of the country by admitting that we can
find no ground better than that upon which to
plant out-selves. "The Senate has been vin-
dicated," we are told. I should like to know
how. Here there met in the capital of our
country a high commission, as it was called.
It was composed of selected men, ten in num-
ber. It required, no doubt, the assistance
of other persons, clerks and others. It re-
quired—I have a right to refer to it because
the testimony now lying on your tables reveals
it—the employment of the press and of the
types at the Government Printing Office for
weeks and months. The press was used to
make many copies and duplicates of article
after article of the treaty, and finally to make
more than one impression or print of the treaty
itself. During all these weeks and months the
Congressional Printer, with allhissubordinat.es,
the high commission with all its attendants,
the Siate Department, the whole executive
department of the Government, had the cus-
tody of or access to all these many, many
prints; and not one of them ever found its
way to the public, but faith and trust was kept
inviolate by everybody, from the president of
the commission to the janitor of one of the
public buildings. On the 10th of May the
Senate met, at twelve o'clock, and this docu-
ment passed into its custody, and lo! but ten
hours had elapsed before it was given to the
winds.
[ might stop here and rely upon the doctrine
of probabilities to acquit the State Depart-
ment, the high commissioners, and the Public
Printer from any reasonable suspicion that
they who had carefully and thoroughly observed
their duty for weeks and months selected that
narrow isthmus of time, hardly wider than a
.hair, between the convention of this Senate
and the betrayal of the treaty, and within that
little space proved recreant to a trust which
had been well guarded so long.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question right there?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I find in the book of testi-
mony, which has been for the first time this
morning laid on our desk, that Mr.- Adams
testified that this treaty was offered to him on
Monday night by a man named Marix, in regard
to whom this is the testimony of Mr. Adams:
"Question. Do you know the business of this man
Marix?
"Answer. X win not bo positive about this, but I
think ho said that he hail been doins some translat-
ing at the State Department, or that his father had,
I do not know which."
More testimony tends to show that the man
did have a copy of the treaty.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. THURMAN. There is testimony that
he stated particular articles of it. Now, I find
in the list of employes of the State Depart-
ment one Henry Marix, of the District of
Columbia. What I wish to inquire, not hav-
ing had time to look through this testimony
yet, is whether that man Marix who offered
the treaty to Mr. Adams, or, if that was the
son, whether the father or both were sum-
moned before the committee and gave their
testimony, and if not, why not?
Mr. CONKLING. I am not able to state
whether they were summoned or not. I am
able to state that they did not appear before
the committee when I was present, and I think
not at all, although I have not looked at the
record to see. And in answer to the Senator's
question " why not," I might say that the
chairman of the committee during one day
when the Senate was not in session, which
would have been a convenient day, was too ill
to leave his room, and I believe too ill to leave
his bed, and that day was lost, and when the
Senator remembers the early hour at which
the Senate met and its late sessions, he under-
stands that there was very little time, and the
witnesses to whom he refers are by no means
the only witnesses who, if time were afforded,
might, perhaps with great propriety, have been
examined.
I wish, however, to say to the Senator, with-
out desiring to go into the discussion of the
facts of this case, which I do not mean to do,
that this person Marix, referred to by the wit-
ness Mr. Adams, made no exhibition of a copy
of the treaty, and, as the committee understood
and as I think the evidence shows, he simply
professed that he could obtain a copy of it.
He was negotiating with that view. I have no
right to say what any other member of the
committee thinks about it, if I knew ; but I
can say for myself that the testimony did not
impress me with the idea that this man had in
fact a copy of the treaty or that he could obtain
it. I do not think that the committee acted
upon the idea that he was in possesion of a
copy of the treaty at that time, or had been at
any time; but, as I say, I do not wish to dis-
cuss that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to ask the
Senator one question.
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield if the Sen-
ator does not take me into the facts of the
ease.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask .whether this par-
ticular treaty published in New York was not
furnished as early as ten o'clock, and whether
the treaty printed by our order was printed
until after midnight ? ,
Mr. CONKLING. I will slate what I under-
stand the fact to be in that regard. The treaty
printed as the Senator says by us, printed at
the same place and by the same men who had
printed the previous revises, was struck off
about five o'clock on Wednesday; I think
that is the precise time; the testimony will
show. The proof, I mean, was struck and
sent to the State Department to be read, reach-
ing the State Department between five and six
o'clock, I think—t hope the Senator will not
hold me to literal accuracy about this—and
was read and returned to the Printing Office
by six o'clock on Wednesday afrernoon; and
then the whole edition, one hundred and
twenty-five copies, bound and attended with
the accompanying papers, and stitched and
cut, in pamphlet form, was sent here some
time during the evening, and my impression
is that eleven o'clock was stated as about the
time when it was sent here. If I understand
the Senator's question, that is as near as I am
able, without referring to the testimony, to
answer.
Mr. President, I was going to say that the
mere matter of time and circumstance is one
to which the State Department and the Public
Printer and the commission are entitled, as a
prima fade case, at least, in their favor. In
addition to that, without going into the facts,
I know of nothing which has been testified,
nothing which has been refused as testimony
by witnesses, that could have the effect of ex-
onerating the Senate. I saw the other day—
and the Senator from Wisconsin who is now
absent called my attention to it yesterday—
that the Senator from Indiana, for one, mis-
understood the statement made by the chair-
man of the committee. He understood him
to express his belief that this could be traced
to a Senator. I did not so understand him,
and hearing the Senator from Indiana make
that, remark I took the trouble to look at. the
Globe and found that the Senator from Wis-
consin did not say that. What I understood
him to express as his belief was that this had
occurred through the Senate, and by "the
Senate;" of course he comprehended not only
the members of this body, but all those per-
sons for whom this body is responsible. And
so I comprehend all those when I speak of
the exoneration of the Senate ; and beg to say
that I have no reference to any individual
member of the Senate or even to all the mem-
bers of the Senate included, as distinct from the
officers and employes of the body.
It has been said here, and to that the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio refers as a justifica-
tion of his remarks, that these witnesses, one
or both of them, said, " I am willing to answer
that I did not receive this from a Senator, nor
from a secretary of a Senator, nor from any
person whom I know to be an officer of the
Senate." The answer I think wa^ that, in
substance. Now, upon this point, simply dis-
claiming, as I feel bound to disclaim in candor,
the whole idea that we have succeeded-in cov-
ering ourselves even with the thinnest lacquer
of exoneration, I wish to ask two or three
questions.
Does any one suppose that a member of the
Senate, had there been one wishing to betray
this treaty, would have taken it and delivered
it to any person ; and not only so, but delivered
it to the very person who was to use it pub-
licly, and who would certainly and first of all,
as the event has shown, be resorted to for in-
formation as to where he got it? I feel bound
to have so much respect for the members of
this body as to suppose that they are blessed
with common intelligence, that they compre-
hend as much at least as is embraced in the
instinct of self preservation ; and if they do,
then I hold that it would be very disrespect-
ful for anybody to argue that either of them
would have taken this treaty and delivered it
personally, not only to somebody else, but to
the very man who was to publish it, and who
was certain to be resorted to with a demand
to know who gave it to him.
If a member of the Senate would not have
delivered it personally, would he have sent a
known representative of his to do it? Cer-
tainly he'would not. I take it there is no young
gentleman wishing on St. Valentine's day to
send a valentine to a young lady who is so
guileless and ignorant of the arts of this world
that, if he did not want to be known in it, he
would take somebody who was known, as a
member of the family, and send him to the
house to deliver it, or take it and deliver it
himself. I take it there is no person who has
ever indulged himself in contributions to the
press, who has ever been in the habit of writ-
