1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
213
tuiiity to enter a motion to reconsider the
reference.
Mr. BANKS. ■ My question of order is an
antecedent one, and that is that the joint
resolution has not been introduced in the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] knows as well as any
member of the House that the Journal, if not
corrected, must bind him as well as the Chair.
Mr. BANKS. I know that; and I ask that
the Journal shall be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman knows
that if the Journal is not corrected as the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] desires all
the points he desires to gain will be gained;
for if the Journal is allowed to remain as now
recorded it will prevent the resolution being
brought before the House by a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish my rights to be
put upon the statement of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] because they are distinct
from that. As a member of the House, I rose
in my place and objected in an audible voice
to the introduction of this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. There was considerable
confusion at the time, and the Chair did not
hear the gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. I am asked why I did not
press my objection ; I supposed it had proved
availing, and that the resolution had not been
received.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution was
received, and the Chair immediately said that
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Fahnswokth] to reconsider and lay upon
fche table all references and recommittals in-
cluded the reference of the joint resolution
just received ; and the Chair considered that
would be decisive of the whole point.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to call attention to
the fact that my joint resolution was intro-
duced subsequently to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. BANKS. It was not introduced at all;
I objected to it, as did several of my col-
Mr. LYNCH. And I want to say further,
in reference to what the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldiudge] has said, he did call
my attention to the matter. I had understood
the Chair to say that the motion to reconsider
and table did not include my joint resolution.
I immediately went to the Speaker, but as the
adjournment had then taken place I could
not. then have the correction made, but I gave
notice that I should ask it to be made this
morning.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
and table all references was pending when the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] introduced
his joint resolution. But with the rapidity of
business which so frequently characterizes the
House, the gentleman well knows that the
mere point that his joint resolution was intro-
duced subsequently to the motion to recon-
sider and table all references could not prove
very decisive. They were so nearly contem-
poraneous in their submission to the House
that the Chair ruled the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] to in-
clude the joint resolution of the gentleman
from Maine.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was watching the action
of the House, and intended to move to include
that joint resolution had not the language of
the Chair included it.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman would not
have done so if he had read it, for it is merely
a resolution of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state,
in deference to his colleague [Mr. Lynch] and
in defense of himself, that had not the Chair
included his colleague's joint resolution in the
motion to reconsider there would doubtless
have been numerous objections to its intro-
duction and reference.
Mr. LYNCH. I was holding the floor by
the consent and courtesy of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The SPEAKER. That would not have pre-
cluded objections.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not wish to argue this
question; let it be submitted to the House,
and I will submit to any decision that may be
made.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
so that the Journal shall be so corrected as to
include my objection to the introduction of
this joint resolution and the objections of a
half dozen of my colleagues, who waived their
action because 1 was so much more decided in
my objection.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not know that there is
any particular use in my pressing this motion
to correct the Journal further, and therefore I
will withdraw it.
Mr. BANKS. I insist upon my motion that
the Journal be so corrected as to show my
objection to the introduction of this joint reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Of course it will be the
duty of the Chair to submit the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
if he insists upon it; but the gentleman will
observe that the adoption of the motion would
leave the matter practically in precisely the
same position in which it now stands.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; I call the attention
of the Chair to a difference in point of fact.
This resolution was introduced and referred by
a mistake to a committee. I objected to its
introduction ; so did my colleague beside me,
[Mr. Butler;] so did my colleague from the
Boston district, [Mr. Hoopkr. ] Half a dozen
of my colleagues, more or less, objected to the
resolution. Now, we do not want it to stand
recorded upon the Journal that the joint reso-
lution with our consent went to a committee,
to be reported perhaps when we may not be
present.
The SPEAKER. The introduction and ref-
erence of the joint resolution confers no fur-
ther privilege than could be had during any
morning hour of Monday.
Mr. BANKS. Why should not the Journal
stand correct? When the gentleman from
Maine proposed to introduce this resolution I
stood up in my seat and objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not intend to imply that the
Chair heard the objection and still received
the joint resolution?
Mr. BANKS. I do not. I only ask that
the Journal may be corrected to correspond
with the facts of the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state his
precise recollection of the fact; and of course
he does not desire this to run into a discussion.
The Chair understood that when he included
in the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
this joint resolution there was then no further
objection to its reference. It is very unusual to
object to the reference of a bill if it be followed
by a motion to reconsider the reference and
lay the motion for reconsideration on the table,
because under such circumstances the bill can-
not be brought before the House on a motion
to reconsider, and thus cannot vex the House
at an untimely or unseemly period.
Mr. BANKS. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Maine is an unusual one. It
reflects upon the members from Massachusetts
to have apparently allowed such a resolution
to come in by unanimous consent. In point
of fact a number of us objected to its introduc-
tion, and it would be discreditable to us not
to have done so,
Mr. LYNCH. The resolution is a simple
resolution of inquiry; it provides for nothing
but a report to the House at the next session.
Mr. BANKS. I made a simple objection to
it, as I had a right to do.
Mr. LYNCH. It was very simple for the
gentleman to object to so reasonable a propo-
sition.
Mr. COX. I wish to make a parliamentary
inquiry. Do I understand the Speaker to stats
as a fact that the gentleman from Maine intro-
duced his resolution after the gentleman from
Illinois had made his motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did notso state.
The motion of the gentleman from Illinois was
pending at the time and had not been submit-
ted. By the courtesy of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who was about to
move an adjournment, the gentleman from
Maine obtained the floor and preseuted this
joint resolution. Then the Chair submitted
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, so
"as to include this joint resolution, presuming
that such inclusion would obviate all objections
to its reference, as the resolution could not then
be brought back into the House by a motion
to reconsider. The Chair trusts he will not be
called upon to repeat this statement.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Inasmuch as the gentler
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] says that the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the last Con-
gress approved this joint resolution, I desire
to correct him. My recollection is that the
Committee on Naval Affairs never did agree
to this resolution. The resolution to which
they did agree was one to authorize the com-
mission to inquire into the propriety 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state that
the merits of the resolution are not before the
House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am aware of that. I
know that whatever I may say must be said
with the indulgence of the House; but I desire
to correct an error in the statement of the gen-
tleman from Maine. I informed that gentle-
man when he submitted this proposition to me
that my objection to it was that while it called
for certain facts it excluded others; that a
part of the facts, when obtained, might point
to a certain species of legislation, while the
exhibition of other facts might point in the
contrary direction. If we were to have a com-
mission I wanted the commissioners to report
generally upon the propriety of removing the
Charlestown navy-yard to Kittery. I did not
want a commission which should report only
certain facts as a basis for legislation. _ I there-
fore informed the gentleman from Maine that,
as one member of the committee, I could not
assent to his proposition in the shape in which
he submitted it. If the proposition was ever
approved by the Committee on Naval Affairs
it must have been at some time when I was
absent.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to call the gentle-
man's attention to the fact that what he ob-
jected to was contained in the preamble, and
that he had himself a printed bill, with the
preamble erased, which he said he was author-
ized to report; and I was so informed by other
members of the committee. The gentleman
himself told me that he would ask unanimous
consent to have the bill introduced.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That was the original
resolution offered by the gentleman.
* Mr. LYNCH. It was the same resolution
which I hold in my hand, the preamble being
Mr. BANKS. I object to debate on the
merits of the proposition.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
insists that the Journal should be corrected so
that this joint resolution shall not appear to
have been presented and referred at all.
Mr. LYNCH. If that be done, I shall then
insist upon the correction of the Journal which
I desire to be made.
The SPEAKER. That would have to come
in subsequently.
Mr. RANDALL. Would not the adoption
of the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts be a perversion of the facts? There
is no question the bill was introduced, and
