920
.THE COJSTG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
iug ailicles, however innocent they were, how-
ever cri-ditable they were, in which he did not
choose to appear, who carried them to the
printer himself, if he did not want the printer
to know that they came from him, or seat some
body who would represent him.
Why, Mr. President, if this were the idea,
what would become of the great literary puz-
zles of history? Why would men be arguing
whether Sir Philip Francis or somebody else
wrote the Letters of Junius? Why would
there be members of this body, for such I
believe there are, who think that Lord Bacon,
and not William Shakspeare, wrote the plays
which are attributed to Shakspeare, if even
iu respect of mere literary matters there had
been no better way to transmit manuscripts or
documents from the responsible hand to the
hand of the printer without having the printer
know from whom they came? So, Mr. Presi-
dent, I assume that no one could have been so
little versed in the laws of human nature and
the modes of human action as to expect to call
a newspaper reporter, whose paper had pub-
lished this document, and learn from his lips
that a member of this body, or any other per-
son responsible to this body, had gone, self-
revealed and self-exposed, and betrayed the
document in question, when it was so easy, so
simple, to do it in any one of many other ways.
Why, Mr. President, I need not stop to illus-
trate this. Other Senators have illustrated it.
Let me take the familiar case of counterfeit
money. Every once in a while some unfortu-
nate fellow-being is condemned as a felon for
passing counterfeit money. Suppose A B is
charged with passing a counterfeit bill, and
lhe bill has found its way into the possession
of one of the Senators sitting around me, and
that Senator should come and say, "1 am
willing to state that I did not receive this bill
from the culprit who is charged, but I will not
tell you whom 1 did receive it from. If L
received it from another Senator I will not tell
you ; and if he received it from the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and if the Sergcant-at-Arm.s received
it down in the restaurant, and if the counter-
feiter passed it there, I will not allow you to
iiml that out."
It is needless to argue this; and without
nrgument the obvious facts in the case com-
j>el every member of this body, whether he
favors an abandonment or a continuance of
Ihis investigation, to admit that the Senate
is at least where, the Senate was before the
investigation was ordered. I do not say that
it has tended in any way toward establishing
the fact that this paper was betrayed through
the Senate ; I aflirm and deny nothing on that
point; but £ say there is nothing in it which
exculpates or exonerates the Senate in this
regard. So much I think it is just and fair to
say, from regard to all the other persons upon
whom suspicion would rest if it were to be
atlirmed that the Senate in all its*branches is
acquitted and that this fault lies at some other
door.
If, Mr. President, I were disposed, as I am
not., to look into tha facts in this case, I should
find occasion to present stronger arguments
than I have done to support the assertion that
that body of men for whom the Senate is
responsible have not been exonerated by this
investigation. As I said in the beginning, I
will not allow myself to be drawn into the
facts of this particular case in its application
to the witnesses who now stand in contempt
of the Senate; and I have made the observa-
tions to which I have asked the attention of
the Senate only because I felt bound, in the
first place, to record my dissent from the gen-
eral doctrines announced by the Senator from
Ohio, and also because as one member of the
Senate [ feel bound in frankness to accept
whatever responsibility or irksomeness there
may be^ in the fact that up to this time the
Senate has not been purged or vindicated by
the investigation.
Mr. SDMNBR. Mr. President, this ques-
tion is important, primarily as it concerns the
liberty of the citizen; but it is made important
also by the attempt to which we have just lis-
tened, to establish for the Senate a prerogative
which on history and precedent does not belong
to it.
Some days ago I took the ground which I
shall take to-day, that on the close of the ses-
sion of the Senate any imprisonment founded
on its order must cease. Of that conclusion,
whether on history or law, I have not the least
doubt. I have listened to the argument of the
Senator from New York.and to his comment
upon the authorities adduced. The answer to
my mind is obvious. It will be found simply
in stating one of those authorities and calling
attention to its precise language. The Senator
from Ohio has already presented to day what
I had the honor of quoting on the first day of
this discussion, the authoritative words of May
in his work on parliamentary law, and also the
solemn judgment of Lord Denman, Chief Jus-
tice of Lngland. May says, speaking of pris-
oners committed by order of the House of
Commons:
"That thoy areimmediately released from their
confinement on a prorogation, whether they havo
paid the tees or not. If they were held longer in cus-
tody there is no doubt but that they would be dis-
charged by the courts, upon a writ of habeas corpus."
This statement, coming as it does from the
well-known chief clerk of the House of Com-
mons, as familiar with the usages of that body
as any living man, is of itself authority. But
he adduces the weighty words of Lord Den-
man in the most remarkable case of privilege
that has ever occurred in English history,
being that of Stockdale and Hansard, which,
it is well known, was discussed, day by day in
Parliament, week by week in Westminster
Hall. I have before me the opinions of all
the judges on that case, but the words that are
particularly pertinent now are quoted by May
as follows:
"However flagrant. the contempt, the Ilouse of
Common's can only commit till theclose of the exist-
ing session
Mark, sir, if you please, how positive he is
in his language—
" can only commit, till the close of the existing ses-
sion. iheir privilege to commit is not'better known
than tills limitation of it. Though the party should
deserve the severest penalties, yet, his offense being
committed the day before the prorogation, if the
house ordered his imprisonment but for a week
overy court in Westmiuistor Hall, and every judge
ol all the courts would be bound to discharge him
by habeas corpus. '
These were the words of the Lord Chief
Justice of England in a most memorable case
• as late as 1839. This is no ancient authority,
but something modern and of our day. It is
not expressed in vague or uncertain terms,
but in language clear and positive. It is as
applicable to the Senate of the United States
as to the House of Commons. It is applica-
ble to every legislative body sitting under a
constitutional government.
An al tempt has been made to claim for the
Senate prerogatives which belong to the House
of Lords. How so? Is the Senate a House
of Lords? Is it a hereditary body? Is it a
perpetual body in, the sense that the House
of Lords is a perpetual body? We know that
the House of Lords is in session the whole
year round. We know that, according to an
early rule of the canon law, tres faciitnt col-
legium, three make a quorum in the House
of Lords. So that the presence of three peers
at any time, dulv summoned to the chamber,
constitutes a sufficient quorum for business.
Therefore the House of Lords has in it an
essential element enabling it to come together
easily and to continue in perpetual session. It
is in its character, in the elements of its priv-
ileges, clearly distinguishable from the Senate
as it is clearly distinguishable from the House
of Commons. Such privileges as the Senate
has arc derived from the House of Commons
rather than from the Ilouse of Lords, so far
as they are derired from either of these'bodies.
Another attempt has been naade by criticis-
ing the word " prorogation " to find a distinc-
tion between the two cases; but a note to
May's work on parliamentary law, which I
now have in my hand, meets that criticism.
After saying in the text that the prisoners com-
mitted by the House of Commons " are imme-
diately released from their confinement on a
prorogation," the note says:
"Butthis law never extended to an adjournment,
even when it was id the nature of a prorogation."
Take, for instance, the adjournments which
habitually occur in the British Parliament at
the Chrismas holidays, at the Easter holidays,
at the Whitsuntide holidays. You saw in the
papers only the other day that Mr. Gladstone
gave notice that the Houseof Commons would
adjourn over several days on account of the
Whitsuntide holidays; but nobody supposes
that that is in the nature of a " prorogation,"
or that a committal by order of the House of
Commons would expire on such an adjourn-
ment, as it would not expire on our-adjourn-
ment for our Christmas holidays.
Therefore do the very precedents of the
British Parliament answer completely the case
put by the Senator from New York, who im-
agined a difficulty from occasional adjourn-
ments at the Christmas holidays. Sir, we are
to look at this precisely as it is. The proroga-
tion of the House of Commons is an adjourn-
ment without day, corresponding precisely
to our adjournment without day. I believe in
Massachusetts, down to this moment, when the
house has agreed upon the time of its adjourn-
ment it gives notice to the Governor, who sends
the secretary of the Commonwealth to pro-
rogue it and the Legislature is declared to be
prorogued, thus following the language so
familiar in England.
Then it is argued that this power to commit
may be prolonged by a committee to sit during
the vacation. But how so ? The committee
has no power to commit. The power to com-
mit comes from the Senate. How does the
sitting of the committee in the vacation add
to its powers? It had no such powerwhile the
Senate is in session. How can it have any
such power when the Senate has closed its
session? But the power to protract the impris-
onment of a citizen must be kindred with that
to imprison.
1 dismiss the whole argument founded upon
the prolongation of the committee as entirely
irrelevant. Prolong the committee, if you
please, till doomsday ; you cannot by that in
any way affect the liberty of the citizen. The
citizen is imprisoned only by the order of the
Senate, and the power to imprison or to detain
expires with the session. Such, sir, is the
rule that we have borrowed from England.
Nor am I alone in thus interpreting it. I cited
the other day the authentic work of the late
Judge Cushing on the Law and Practice of
Legislative Assemblies* I will, with yourper-
mission, read again his statement, as follows:
"According to the parliamentary law of England
there is a difference between the Lords and I'om-
wls res^e®t:.the ionner being authorized
and the latter not, to imprison for a period beyond
the session." J
That is the testimony of Judge Cushing, who
had devoted his life to the study of this sub-
ject. He then goes on:
. In this country the power to imprison is either
incidental to or expressly conferred upon all ou*
legislative assemblies: and in some of the Stato*
it is also regulated by express constitutional pro-
vision.
Then he gives his conclusion:
, 'T^here His not so regulated it is understood fcha.S
the imprisonment terminates with the session."
Mark, if you please, "terminates with the
session."
Here you have the authentic words of this
special authority interpreting the English par-
liamentary law and also declaring our law. •
Who is there that can go behind these words?
What Senator will set up his research or his
conclusion against that of this exemplar? Who
is there here that will venture to claim for the
Senate a prerogative which this American
