1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
authority disclaims for legislative bodies in our
country unless expressly sanctioned by consti-
tutional law?
I have shown that this power to commit
beyond the session does not exist in the House
of Commons from which we derive such pre-
rogatives or privileges as we have; but the
stream cannot rise higher than the fountain-
head. How, then, if the power does not exist
in the House of Commons, can you find it
here? You cannot trace the present assump-
tion to any authentic, legitimate fountain.' If
you attempt it, permit me to say you will fail,
and the assumption will appear without author-
ity, and therefore a usurpation. I so char-
acterize it, feeling that I cannot be called in
question when I use this strong language. If
you undertake to detain these prisoners beyond
the expiration of this session you become
usurpers; the Senate of the United States
usurps power that does not belong to it, and,
tir, this is more flagrant when it is considered
that it usurps this power in order to wield it
against the liberty of fellow-citizens.
When I state this conclusion I feel that I
stand on supports that cannot be shaken. I
stand on English authorities sustained by
American authorities. You cannot find any
exception. That in itself is an authority. If
you could mention an exception, I should put
it aside as an accident or an abuse, and not as
an authority. The rule is fixed aud positive,
and I now have no hesitation in declaring that
it will be the duty of the judge on a writ of
habeas corpus, as soon as this Senate closes its
session, to set these prisoners at liberty, unless
the Senate has the good sense in advance to
authorize their discharge. I do not doubt the
power and the duty of the court. I am sure
that no judge worthy of a place on the bench
will hesitate in this judgment. Should he, I
would read to him the simple words of the
Lord Chief Justice of England on the very
point:
" If the house ordered his imprisonment but for a
week every court in Westminster Hall, and every
judge of all the courts, would be bound to discharge
1'im by habeas coipm.''
There is no way of answering those words.
They are as commanding on this occasion as
if they were in the very text of our Constitu-
tion. When Isaythis, Ido not speak vaguely,
for I am sure that every student of this subject
will admit that a judgment like that which I
have adduced on a question of parliamentary
law, and in favor of the rights of the subject,
is of an authority in our country equal to the
Constitution itself.
This brings me, sir, to an important point
which I had hoped not to be called to discuss,
but which the argument of the Senator from
New York seems to press upon the considera-
tion of the Senate and of the country, and
therefore I shall open it to your attention even
if I do not discuss it. It is this: that what-
ever may be the power even in England by
parliamentary,law, it by no means follows that
the Senate of the United States has that power.
What is the Senate? A body created by a
written Constitution, enjoying certain powers
described and defined in the Constitution itself.
The Constitution says nothing about contempt
or punishment for contempt. In order to
obtain this power you must go into inference
and deduction; you must infer it or imply it.
In the case of impeachments the Senate be-
comes a judicial body, and it is reasonable to
infer that it may have the power to compel the
attendance of witnesses; in short, the powers
of a court.
The Senate also by express terms of the
Constitution has the power to expel a member.
There again is an inquiry in its nature judicial,
and should the Senate on such occasion examine
witnesses and proceed as a court it may be
inferred that it is so authorized by the Consti-
tution. There is also a third power which the
Senate possesses, judicial in character. It is
to determine the election of its members.
Beyond these every power that the Senate
undertakes to exercise on this subject is de-
rived by inference. It does not stand on any
text of the Constitution. It is a mere implica-
tion, and being adverse to the rights of the
citizen it must be construed strictly. Now, I
am not ready to say, I do not say, that the
Senate has not the power to institute a pro-
ceeding like that now in question. I am very
clear that it has not the power by compulsory
process to compel witnesses to testify in aid
of legislation, as was once attempted in what
was known familiarly as the Harper's Ferry
investigating case.
But I do not undertake to say that it may
not institute a proceeding like that in which
we are now engaged ; but I admit its legality
with great hesitation and with sincere doubt. I
doubt whether such an assumption can stand an
argument in this Chamber; I doubt whether
it can stand a discussion before a court of
justice. How do you arrive at such a power?
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
said the other day the Senate, according to the
arguments of certain Senators, has not the
power of a justice of the peace. The Senator
never spoke truer words; the Senate has not
the power of a justice of the peace. A justice
of the peace is a court with the powers of a
court. The Senate of the United States is not
a court except in the cases to which I have
already referred. It is a serious question
whether it is a court in the proceeding which
it has now seen fit to institute. Were it a
court, then the argument of the Senator from
Wisconsin might be applicable, and it might
then claim the privileges of a court. It might
proceed, if you please, to fine as well as to
commit. The Senate in its discretion for-
bears to fine ; it contents itself with imprison-
ment. But if it can imprison, why not fine?
Why is not the whole catalogue of punishment
open to its grasp ?
I have reminded you, sir, that our powers,
whatever they may be, are under a written
Constitution, and in this important respect
clearly distinguishable from the powers of the
House of Commons, which are the growth of
tradition and immemorial usage. I am not
the first person to take this ground. I find
it judicially asserted in most authentic judg-
ments, to which I beg to call the attention of
tiiO S6n8,t6
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire of him whether I understood him,
when expressing a doubt of our power to
commit a witness, to claim that we had power
to fine a witness?
Mr. SUMNER. No I did not. I said that
the Senate had not the powers of a justice of
the peace.
Mr. HOWE. I heard that distinctly.
Mr. SUMNER. I accepted the statement
of the Senator from Wisconsin the other day,
the Senator's colleague.
Mr. HOWE. I thought I understood the
Senator to deny the power to commit, but to
affirm the power to fine.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
I have in my hands the fourth volume of
Moore's Privy Council Cases, cases argued in
the Privy Council of England, many of them
being cases that have come up from the col-
onies, and here is one being an appeal from
the supreme court of the island of Newfound-
land. I will read the marginal note :
"The House of Assembly of the island of New-
foundland does not possess, as a legal incident, the
power of arrest, with a view of adjudication on a
contempt committed out of the House: but only
such powers as are reasonably necessary for the
proper exercise of its functions and duties as a local
Legislature.
Scmble.—The Ilouse of Commons possess this power
only by virtue of ancient usage and prescription;
the Lex et coneuetndo Parliaments
"Semble.—The Crown, by its prerogative, can create
a Legislative Assembly in a settled -colony, subor-
dinate to Parliament, but with supreme power within
the limits of the colony for the government of its
inhabitants: but.
"Quere.—Whether it can bestow upon it an author-
ity. namely, that of committing for contempt, not
incidental to it by law."
I will not take time in reading extracts from
the opinion of the court, which goes on the
ground that the Legislature of the colony is act-
ing under a eharter from the Crown, in the
nature of a constitution, being a written text,
and that it could not therefore claim for itself
these vast, immense, unknown privileges and
prerogatives which by long usage are recog-
nized as belonging to the House of Commons.
But the question was presented at a later day
in another casebefore the Privy Council, which
came from the supreme court of Van Diemen's
Land. I cite now Moore's Privy Council Cases,
volume eleven. This case was decided in 1858.
It is therefore a recent authority. The mar-
ginal note is as follows :
" The' Lex et consuetude Parliamenti' applies exclu-
sively to the House of Lords and House of Commons,
in England, and is not conferred upon a supreme
legislative assembly of a colony or settlement by the
introduction of the common law of England into the
colony."
"No distinction in this respect exists between
colonial legislative councils and assemblies whose
power is derived by grant from the Crown, or cre-
ated under the authority of an act of the imperial
Parliament."—11 Moore's Privy Cornell Cases, 317.
You will see, sir, that by this decision the
powers of a legislative assembly created by a
charter are limited to the grants of the charter,
and that the mere creation of the legislative
body does not carry with it the law and custom
of Parliament. In the course of his opinion
Lord Chief Baron Pollock uses the following
language. Alluding to a former decision he
says of the court:
" They held that the power of the House of Com-
mons in England was part of the ' Lrx et consuetutlo
Parliamentiand the existence of that power in
the Commons of Great Britain did not warrant the
ascribing it to every supreme legislative council or
assembly in the colonies. We think we are bound
by the decision of the ca«e of Kielley vs. Carson."
■i. * * 4 >. t * *
" If the Legislative Council of Van Iliemcn '?■ Land
cannot claim the power they have exercised on the
occasion before us as inherently belonging to the
supremo legislative authority which they undoubt-
edly possess, they cannot claim it under the statute
as part of the common law of England (including
the 'Lex et eonsuetudo Parliamenti') transferred to
the colony by 9 George IV, c. S3, scct. 21. The 'Lex
et conzvetudo Parliamenti' apply exclusively to the
Lords and Commons of this country, and do not apply
to the supreme Legislature of a colony by the intro-
duction of the common law there."—Ibid., 397.
Now, the question is directly presented by
these decisions whether under the written text
of the Constitution of the Uuited States you
can ingraft upon our institutions the law aud
custom of Parliament. So far as these eases
are applicable, they decide in the negative ;
but I will not press them to that extent. I
adduce them for a more moderate purpose—
simply to put the Senate on its guard against
any assumption of power in this matter. I do
not undertake to say to what extent the Sen-
ate may go; but with these authorities I warn
it against proceeding on any doubtful prac-
tices. If there be any doubt, then do these
authorities^cry out to you to stop.
I have said, sir, that our powers here are
limited by the Constitution. I may add, also,
and the law in pursuance of the Constitution.
And now I ask you to show me any text
of the Constitution and tff show me any text
of law which authorizes the detention of
these witnesses by the Senate. The Senate,
be it understood, is not a court. Certainly,
for this purpose and on this occasion, it is not
a court. Show me the law. Does it exist?
If it exists some learned Senator can point it
out; but while Senators fail to point out any
law sanctioning such a procedure I point out
an immortal text in the Constitution of the
United States, borrowed from Magna, Charta,
which it is difficult to disobey:
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital,
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury," * :• -
" nor bo deprived of life, liberty, or property, with-
out due process of law."
'' Without due process of law." What is the
meaning of that language? Judge Story teifs
us, as follows:
" Lord Coke says that these latter words, per legmix
