922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
terra, (by tfao law of tho land,) mean by due prooess
of law; that is, without due presentment or indict-
ment, and being brought in to answer thereto by due
process of the common law. So that this clause in
effect affirms the right of trial according to the pro-
cess and proceedings of the common law."
There, sir, is a living text of the Constitu-
tion of the United States binding upon this
Senate. Where do you find any other text
authorizing you to institute this proceeding;
or if you institute the proceeding, must it not
come within the limitations of this prohibition ?
But I may be reminded that there are pre-
cedents. How many precedents are there for
such a proceeding? We are familiar with all
of them. The latest, the most authentic is
that of Thaddeus Hyatt, proceeded against
because he refused to testify before the Har-
per's Ferry investigating committee. Is that
a precedent which you are disposed to follow?
I am sure you would not if you read the weighty
arguments in that proceeding made by the late
John A. Andrew and Samuel E. Sewell, of
Massachusetts, the accomplished jurist, who
still survives to us. Go still further back and
you have the case, entirely like that before us,
of Nugent, who was not pursued, I was going
to say, as ferociously as the present witnesses
have been pursued, for his custody was simply
that of the house of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and it was recognized at that time that even
that mild custody would expire with the ses-
sion of the Senate. You have also the earlier
precedent of 1800 in the case of Duane, which,
I think, Senators would hesitate now to vindi-
cate. Let them look at it and see whether
they would sanction a similar proceeding at
this day; whether such a tyranny could go on
without shocking the public conscience and
being recognized universally as an assault upon
the liberty of the press.
Those are the cases furnished by the history
of the Senate. Lord Denman in the case of
Stockdale vs. Hansard, the famous case to
which I have referred, gives an answer to them
as follows. I quote from the ninth volume of
Adolphus and Ellis's Reports, page 155 :
" The practice of a ruling power in the State isbut
a feeble proof of its legality. I know not how long
tho practice of raising shm-money had prevailed
before the right was denied by llayipden; general
warrant.-* had been issued and enforced for centuries
before they were Questioned in actions by Wilkes
and his associates, who, by bringing them to the
test of law, procured thoir condemnation and aban-
donment. 1 apprehend that acquiescence on this
subjoctproves.nl the first place, too much; for tho
admitted andgrossest abusesot privilege have never
been Questioned in Westminster Hall."
This proceeding has analogy with one well
known iu English history, that of the Star
Chamber court, which you will find described
by Mr. Hallaui in his Constitutional History
of England iu chapter eight, and 1 refer to it
merely for the sake of one single sentence
which I cite from this great author:
" But precedents of usurped power cannot estab-
lish a legal authority in defiance of the acknowl-
edged law."
But where is the legal authority for the im-
prisonment of these witnesses ? Only in mere
inference, mere deduction—the merest infer-
ence ; but surely you will riot take away the
liberty of the citizen on any such shadowy,
evanescent apology, which is no apology, but
onlyasham and nothing else. Ihave already
called attention to the argument of Governor
Andrew and Hon. S. E. Sewell, which will
be found in tho Congressional Globe under
date of March 0, I860. Did time permit I
should quote from it at length; but I com-
mend it to the Senate and all inquirers.
As an illustration of the doubts which en-
viron this question, I call attention to the case
of Sanborn t's. Carleton, (15 Gray's Rep., 39U,) !
where Chief Justice Shaw, of Massachusetts,
gave the opinion of the court. The Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpkxteu] will notques-
tion his character. After slating that ''it is
admitted in the arguments that there is no
express provision iu the Constitution of the
United States giving this authority in terms,"'
that is, the alleged authority of the Senate, he
proceeds to say that there are questions on
this subject " manifestly requiring great delib-
eration and research." And yet Senators treat
them as settled. The Chief Justice then pro-
ceeds to announce that a warrant issued by
order of the Senate of the United States for the
arrest of a witness for contempt in refusing to
appear before a committee of the Senate and
addressed only to the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
Senate cannot be served in Massachusetts by
a deputy. But this very question arises in the
present proceedings. The managing editor of
the Tribune, Mr. Whitelaw Reid, was sum-
moned by a deputy and not by the Sergeant-
at-Arms. Gracefully yielding to the illegal
summons he appeared before the committee;
but the question of power still remains; and
this very question adds to the embarrassments
of this question.
The extent of the abuse now in question
will be seen if I call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the last report of the committee of
investigation. By that report it appears that
they undertook to examine two agents of the
telegraph company, who, finally, at the last
moment, when asked to make a definitive
statement with regard to the copy of tho treaty
lodged with them for communication to New
York, declined to answer. And you have
now in this usurpation of the Senate an attempt
to break into the telegraph offices of the Uni-
ted States. You raise for the first time in this
Chamber one of the great questions of the
times. Can you do any such thing?
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if the courts have not
broken into the telegraph offices?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not speaking about
the courts. I am speaking about the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator if the Senate
of the United States ih this investigation, as
long as it exists, has not all the authority of
a court?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated that
it had not, that it had not the authority of a
justice of the peace. The Senate proposes
to break into the telegraph offices of the Uni-
ted States. In the guise of privilege it enters
those penetralia and insists that the secrets
shall be disclosed. What is the difference
between a communication by telegraph aud a
communication by letter? Is there not a grow-
ing substitution of the telegram for the letter?
Has not this taken place to an immense extent
in England? Is it not now taking place to an
immense extent in our own country?
Now, sir, mark the limitation of my lan-
guage : I do not mean to say that the telegram
is entitled to all the sacredness of the letter;
but I do insist that the Senate before it under-
takes to break into the telegraph offices of the
United States shall calmly consider the ques-
tion and see to what end the present disposi-
tion will carry them. Senators who have not
entirely forgotten the recent history of Eng-
land know that the powerful cabinet of Sir
Robert Peel for a time trembled under the im-
putation that one of its ablest members, Sir
James Graham, who, Mr. Webster told me, in
his judgment, was the best speaker in Parlia-
ment, had authorized the opening of the let-
ters of Mazziniat the Post Office. The subject
was brought before Parliament night after
night. You.shall see how it was treated. The
Liberal member from Dunsborough, Mr. Dun-
combe, in presenting it first—I read from
Hansard—after inveighing against the opening
of letters, said:
" That was a system which the people of this
country would not bear, which they ought not to
bear, and he hoped, after tho exposure which had
taken place, that some means would be adopted for
counteracting this insidious conduct of her Majes-
ty's ministers. It was disgraceful to a free country
that such a system should be tolerated; it might do
m Russia, ay, or even in France, or it might do in
tho Austrian dominions, it might do in Sardinia;
but it did not suit the free air of this free coun-
try."
Lord Denman, always on the side of free-
dom, at the time Chief Justice of England, in
the House of Lords said:
" Could anything be more revolting to tho feeling
than that any man might have ail his letters opened
in consequence of some information respecting him
haying been given to the secretary of State, and that
the contents of those letters which he might have
never received might be made use of for the pur-
pose of proceeding against him in a court of justice?
The letters of a man might be opened, and he might
not have the slightest intimation that he was be-
trayed. Now, is such a state of things to be toler-
ated in a civilized country ? lie would say, without
theslightest hesitation, that it ought not to-be borne
with for a single hour." « **>=
"Lord Brougham observed that he had not ex-
pressed any approval of the system ; on tile contrary,
he distinctly stated that notkirig but absolute necessity
for the safety of the State would justify it."
I might occupy your time till evening iu
adducing the strong language of reprobation
which was employed at that time. 1 will con-
clude by an extract from a speech of that
remarkable Irish orator, Mr. Shiel, as follows:
"That which is deemed utterly scandalous in pri-
vate life ought not to be tolerated in any depart-
ment of the State: and from tho statute-book which
it dishonors this ignominious prerogative ought to bo
effaced forever."
That brings me to the point, -sir, that there
was an old statute of Queen Aune, I think,
which authorized the opening of letters at the
post office under the order of a secretary of
State; but notwithstanding that old statute the
system was reprobated. And now it is pro-
posed in the maintenance of the privileges of
the Senate, not in the administration of justice
before any court, but in the enforcement of the
privileges of the Senate, to penetrate the secrets
of the telegraph. I will not undertake to say
that you cannot do it. I content myself now
with calling attention to the magnitude of the
question and adducing it as a new reason why
you should hesitate in this whole business.
You see to what it conducts. You see in what
direction you are traveling. You see how if
you persevere you will shock the conscience
and the sensibilities of the American people.
I do not believe that the American people
will willingly see the telegraph rifled any more
than they will see the post office rifled iu order
to maintain mediseval, antediluvian privileges
of the Senate, especially when those privileges
cannot be deduced from any text of the Con-
stitution, but are simply inferred from the an-
cient primeval law and usage of Parliament.
Not only the orators but the wits of the time
denounced the attempt in England to open
letters. Punch caricatured the secretary who
attempted it as "Paul Pry at the post office."
But is not the Senate in the report of our com-
mittee "Paul Pry at the telegraph office?"
I make these remarks with a view of open-
ing to the Senate the importance of the ques-
tion before them, that they may once more
hesitate and withdraw to the safe ground of
the Constitution and the law, for there is noth-
ing in the Constitution or in the law that can
sanction the continued imprisonment of these
witnesses. Even suppose your proceedings
have been from the beginning in all respects
just and proper, even suppose that you can
vindicate them, in regard to which I beg
leave to express a sincere doubt, you cannot
vindicate the attempt to continue these wit-
nesses in custody when you go away. Then
they are as free as you. If they are detained
in prison it is only because you yourselves are
imprisoned here in the discharge of your re-
sponsible duties. When your imprisonment
comes to an end theirs comes to an end also.
You cannot go home and leave them captives.
The law will step in and take them from your
clutch. Better then in advance, by a proper
and generous resolution, to order their dis-
charge, so that the law will not be compelled
to do what you fail to do.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there is but
one portion of the resolution that I care to
speak upon at this late period of the session,
nor do 1 desire to occupy much of the time of
the Senate upon that. I desire, however, to
enter my protest against the idea that either
