THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
and referred 4o the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the petition of
Ethan Bay Clarke and Sam. Ward Clarke,
praying that warrants be issued to them for
lands in the public domain in lieu of a certain
tract of land in the State of Florida as de-
scribed therein; and I take occasion to ask the
attention of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] the chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to this, which is a very
hard case, and has been long pending; and I
hope it will receive his early attention in the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thepetition will
be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and
been requested to present to the Senate the
remonstrance of the American Free Trade
League against the repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee. The remonstrants object to
the repeal of the duties upon those articles,
upon the ground that it will render more diffi-
cult the repeal of duties upon other articles
which are far more burdensome to the people.
They state in their remonstrance that the true
object of revenue reform is not to repeal duties
which are levied for revenue and under which
all the money taken from the people is re-
ceived by the Government and contributes to
pay those expenses which the people must in
some form bear, but to reform the tariff so as
to repeal those duties which yield little rev-
enue but tax the people heavily to support
favored monopolies. They represent in this
remonstrance that the money which is taken
from the people by the duties on tea and cof-
fee is received by the Government, but that
the duties on iron, lumber, blankets, and salt
take away millions from"the people, of which
only a very small portion is received by the
Treasury; the larger part going as tribute to
favored manufacturers.
By way of illustrating this fact they state in
this remonstrance that of about twenty-one
millions increased cost to the people, caused
by the duty on pig iron, the Government re-
ceives only about one and a half millions, the
balance, over nineteen millions, going to the
benefit of the owners of blast furnaces. They
therefore, in this paper which I have been
requested to present to the Senate, pray that
Congress will "abolish those duties which
keep up these grievous monopolies that oppress
the people and violate every principle of right
and justice, and leave undisturbed equitable
duties like those upon tea and coffee." I move
the reference of the paper to the Committee
on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
glad the Senator from Illinois is receiving some
instruction on the subject of free trade. I was
satisfied the other day that the Democracy
would not accept him as their leader, and now
it seems that he is a neophyte in the subject
and he is receiving some instructions from the
headquarters. I am delighted to find that my
friend is capable of receiving instruction on
this subject from some quarter. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL, f have only to say that
the remonstrance is referred to the Committee
on Finance, of which the Senator from Ver-
mont is a distinguished member, and I hope
he will receive instruction from it, and so reg-
ulate the tariffs hereafter as to conform to the
principles laid down by these gentlemen, who
seem to understand the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say to my friend
from Vermont that if he will only espouse cor-
rect principles on tariff subjects the Democrats
will be very glad to follow his lead if he will
only go a little more for free trade and revenue
reform.
_ Mr. STEWART. Since this matter is under
discission, I wish 16 say that I desire to move
this morning to take up the credentials of
Messrs. Goldthwaite and Blodgett, and have
the resolution which was reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections acted upon
and disposed of; and if there be no objection
I move to take it up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] is on the floor
with morning business.
Mr. SCOTT. Has thepetition presented by
the Senator from Illinois been referred ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish to suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that as the petition, the
contents of which he has so fully stated to us,
assumes that the amount of duty upon any
article is always paid by everybody who con-
sumes that article, when his petition is before
the Committee on Finance he will give us the
benefit of his opinion as to whether each ton
of coal consumed in Illinois costs $1 25 more
there in consequence of the duty upon coal
on the Atlantic sea-board. I should like his
opinion on that point.
Mr. STEWART. If Senators will allow me
to take up this resolution I will give way for
morning business.
Mr. TRU MB ULL. What is the resolution ?
Mr. STEWART. It is the resolution in
regard to the credentials of the Senators from
Georgia and Alabama.
Mr. PATTERSON. I object until the
morning business is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
first recognized the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Buckingham,] who is now entitled to the
floor. Debate has closed on this remonstrance,
and it has been referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Charles A. Slack and others, asking that the
report of the Commissioner of Patents be pub-
lished in the same form as heretofore ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I also present a
memorial of John J. Derose for himself and
the co-heirs of John J. Derose, deceased, pray-
ing indemnity for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1800. They
believe that the Government of the United
States did receive a full and entire satisfaction
and equivalent for their claims; and they
therefore pray that Congress will take their
case into consideration and make provision
for the payment thereof, or restore to them
their claims and their remedy against France.
I move the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presente'd the petition of Nich-
olas Edmunds, executor of Thomas Edmunds,
praying indemnification for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1800;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Benjamin Bissel for himself and the other
heirs of Thomas Bissel and son, of Norfolk,
Virginia, praying indemnification for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1800; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented the
petition of soldiers in the late war praying a
bounty of "greenbacks" of additional issue in
lieu of the proposed legislation crediting the
term of service in the Army to soldiers taking
the benefits of the homestead act; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
residents in the Osage trust lands in Kansas,
praying an extension of the time of payment
for those lands by settlers thereon; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested by a num-
ber of citizens of Philadelphia to present a
memorial dated in 1823, signed by the then
leading merchants of Philadelphia, among the
rest by Stephen Girard, on the subject of the
claims for French spoliations. These mer-
chants represent, in very strong terms, the
justice of their claims. I present the memo-
rial more as a curiosity than anything else.
It has appended to it the signatures of the
leading men in mercantile pursuits in the city
of Philadelphia at that period. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHI&AWN.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Eugene
Streck, first lieutenant twenty-third Kentucky in-
fantry, praying to be allowed pay as first lieutenant
and adjutant of the twenty-third regiment Kentucky
infantry from the 12th of January, 18t>5, to March
9, 1865, deducting pay received as aergean t-umjor
of said regiment, be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committeeon Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John
Davis, of North Carolina, praying to De allowed a
pension, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Hiram
W. Love, of the State of Iowa, praying compensa-
tion for the destruction of a certain eotton erop by
the military forces of the United States at the mouth
of White river, in the State of Arkansas, in the
year 1864, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Louis
Goldstone, praying compensation for services ren-
dered in the exploration of what is known as the
jurisdiction of the Russian-American Fur Company,
resulting, as he alleges, in the acquisition of the
territory of Alaska, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. POMEROY. I introduced a bill at the
beginning of the session, which was then laid
on the table. It is the bill (S. No. 49) author-
izing the establishment of ocean mail steamship
service between the United States and Aus-
tralia. It was afterward sent by mistake to
the Committee on Commerce. It should have
been referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. I move to change the refer-
ence in that way.
The motion was agreed to.
PHOEBE SOi'IELD.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition, with the
accompanying papers, of Phoebe Sofield, widow
of a revolutionary soldier, have had the same
under consideration and have directed me to
make a written report. With that report is a
bill, which I ask the favor of the Senate to
have taken up at this time. I wish to make a
brief statement in this connection.
Mrs. Sofield was born in New Jersey oa
the 5th of June, 1767, and is therefore at this
time one hundred and three years of age.
She lost her husband about 1837 or 1838.
She survived nearly all of her relatives and
friends, and finally fell into STich poverty that
she became an inmate of the poor-house,
where she has been for some nine years. The
committee, after examining the evidence, are
satisfied that her husband was a private be-
longing to Colonel Mercer's regiment of the
Jersey Blues, and received an honorable dis-
charge from the service. The bill which passed
at the last session giving a pension to the sol-
diers and their widows of the war of 1812
when it left this body contained a provision
which would have met this old lady's case;
but in the committee of conference the pro-
vision in behalf of the widows of revolution-
ary soldiers was stricken out. It becomes
necessary, therefore, to present this private
bill for the relief of Mrs. Sofield. In con-
sideration of her poverty and the peculiar cir-
cumstances of this case I have made the pen-
sion to commence on the day when she became
one hundred years old, on the 5th day of J une,
1867. With this brief statement of the facts
of the case, I ask that the bill be put on its
