1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
21!
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 296)
granting a pension to Phoebe Sofield, widow
of Lewis Sofield, was read three times and
passed. It directs theSecretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Phoebe Sofield, widow of Lewis
Sofield, a soldier in the war of the Revolution,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars a month from the 5th of June, 1867,
when she became hundred years of age.
The report was ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF EDUCATION. ■
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for
printing additional copies of the last report of
the Commissioner of Education, have instruct-
ed me to reportitback withoutamendment, and
to ask for its present consideration. This mat-
ter has been debated, I believe, to the satis-
faction of everybody in the Senate, and I should
like to have it disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read subject to objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed twenty
thousand additional copies of the last report of the
Commissioner of Education, of which five thou-
sand copies shall be for the use of the Senate, ten
thousand copies shall be for the use of the House
of Representatives, and five thousand copies shall
be for the use of the Bureau of Education.
Mr. BAYARD. Is there not an amendment
to that resolution 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not to this res-
olution. The amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware to the resolution of the
last session on the same subject can be re-
newed. Does he renew it?
Mr. BAYARD. I understood that the
amendment which I offered had been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
fell with the expiration of the last session of
Congress. This is a new proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I ask to renew the
amendment at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware renews the amendment he
offered at the last session to exclude from the
printed document a certain page of this report.
Mr. BAYARD. Page 103.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, excluding that page from the printing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
TRANSFER OF BONDED GOODS.
Mr. AMES. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 29)
amending an act to reduce the internal taxes,
and for other purposes, approved July 14,
1870, have instructed me to report it back and
recommend its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill reported by the
Senator from Mississippi ought to pass now.
It is to meet the case of a break of gauge
between northern and southern railroads in the
transportation of bonded goods under the act
of July 14, 1870. When it is read it will be
understood in a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which proposes to amend the thirty-
second section of the act of July 14, 1870, by
adding to the last clause the following proviso:
Provided, That in ease of difference in width of
gauges of connecting railroads, the goods may be
immediately transferred from one car to another
under the personal supervision of an inspector, and
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM J. PATXON.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the petition of William
J. Patton, collector of internal revenue sec-
ond district of Arkansas, praying for the pas-
sage of an act relieving him from the payment
of certain moneys stolen from him by his depu-
ties, have instructed me to report it back and
bring to the notice of the Senate the forty-ninth
rule, under which it is believed this petition
ought not to have been withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and referred to the com-
mittee. The forty-ninth rule in terms refers
to claims presented to the Senate upon which
an adverse report is made and the report is
adopted, and prohibits the withdrawal of the
papers in such cases from the files of the Sen-
ate unless a new memorial is presented stating
that additional evidence has been discovered.
This is not strictly a claim for money out of
the Treasury of the United States, but it is a
claim to be relieved from the payment of
money due to the United States. It is deemed
proper by the committee that this point should
be laid before the Senate to correct what is
perhaps a very troublesome practice of with-
drawing former petitions in the nature of
claims and having them referred to commit-
tees. This petition was presented to the Forty-
First Congress and an adverse report made
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Finance is correct in regard to the forty-
ninth rule, but the fifty-third rule says:
" Any rule may be suspended.by unanimous con-
sent, except the seventeenth rule, which shall never
be suspended." ,
These orders are generally made by unani-
mous consent, although the Chair will state
that if he knew the fact that there had been
an adverse report previously agreed to by the
Senate he would bring the matter to the atten-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we have no rule
which will deprive a person of the right to
have a motion made to withdraw his papers,
no matter what the report has been ; but he
cannot withdraw them for the purpose of sub-
mitting them again. He can withdraw his
papers and take them away.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a case that has
been twice before the Committee on Finance.
It has got to be an old customer. We have
twice reported against it.
Mr. POMEROY. A man can withdraw his
papers and take them away, but he cannot with-
draw them for the purpose of having them re-re-
ferred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless on pre-
senting new evidence ; but that can be waived
by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICE. I wish to remark, in regard to
the papers in this case, that I was not aware
that any adverse report had ever been made on
the claim. I am satisfied that if there was, it
was made at the close of the last session, and
I had no notice of any such adverse report. I
was informed by a member of the committee
that it had not been reported adversely, but
had simply been reported back as not having
been considered. Hence I did not call special
attention to that fact.
Mr. SCOTT. I will inform the Senator
from Arkansas that the indorsement on the
papers shows that an adverse report was made
at the first session of the last Congress.
Mr. RICE. The case was before the com-
mittee up to the last day of the last session,
so I have been informed, and it was not re-
ported back up to that time, as I understood.
The Senator on that committee having it in
charge, the late Senator from Alabama, (Mr.
Warner,) informed me that it was reported
back without any adverse report. It was upon
that information that I asked to have the
papers withdrawn. If they are not now prop-
erly before the Committee on Finance, I wish
to take such steps as will bring them there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by producing new evidence showing in what
respect the committee have erred in their re-
port. The forty-ninth rule will apprise the
Senator from Arkansas pf the mode in which
the matter can be brought up.
Mr. RICE. I do not care ahout the papers
going before the committee now. There is no
new evidence. They have all the evidence
there is. They have reported favorably on
similar cases, and the Senate has passed simi-
lar bills. The case is complete so far as evi-
dence is concerned. I presume, however, that
the report now made does not apply to the bill
I introduced yesterday or the day before for
this gentleman's relief. The committee can
report that bill back and have it put on the
Calendar, and I will get the papers to use when
the bill comes up before the Senate.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of half
past twelve o'clock having arrived, the Chair,
in accordance with the unanimous order of the
Senate, again submits the concurrent resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives in regard
to the adjournment of this session of Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that the Secretary
now read the time fixed in the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the Houso of Representatives be authorized to
close the present session by adjourning theirrespect-
ive Houses on the 23d day of March instant, at twelve
o'clock, noon.
Mr. HAMLIN. That will be to-morrow.
I move to amend the resolution by striking
out " 23d" and inserting " 30th," which will
be one week from to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that resolution will
not be adopted. It cuts off the possibility of
accomplishing anything, and I must confess
that I am surprised at the proposition to amend
it by fixing Monday as the time for adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, next Thursday.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall not fix any
time but let us progress a little time longer;
and, for the purpose of taking the sense of the
Senate on that subject, I move to lay the reso-
lution on the ta'ble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion let us
have the yeas and nays and see whether there
is any disposition to act on the subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 23; as follows:
YJGAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler. Cole. Cra-
gin, Ferry of Michigan, Irelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomcroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico,
Sawyer, Scburz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwoll, Casserly,
Cooper,Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kcllogsr, Kelly, Sauls-
bury, Stockton, Thunuan, Tipton, TiumbuU, Vlek-
ors, and Windom—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Howe,
Dewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, -Robertson,
Sprague, Stevenson. West, and Wright—16.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 10) making appropria-
tions for the payment of additional clerks ana
messengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the case of
Mr. Blodgett and Mr. Goldthwaite.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope we shall be
allowed to complete the morning business.^ I
have one or two bills to introduce with a view
to rpf'c rpnf>p
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada insist on his motion or with'
draw it?
