924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 27,
gate to a committee the power to judge of the
insufficiency of the answer, and to punish for
contempt or commit for contumacy ; but the
powers of such committee are limited to re-
porting the facts for the decision of the House,
should they deem the witness to have been in
default.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Will the Senator permit
me to ask a question which will test the ques-
tion of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection, except
that I desired just to express my own views as
briefly as possible and without interruption.
Mr. CONKLING. I would not interrupt
the Senator had he not been already inter-
rupted. I beg to inquire of him, in view of
the question of the Senator from Indiana, how
this idea of the Senator would apply to a
court, if I may be allowed, notwithstanding
what has been said, to resort to that illustra-
tion once more. A referee cannot commit
for contempt; but suppose a witness refuses
to answer before a referee, and the referee
reports the fact to the court, and the court
commits the witness for contempt, and orders
him to purge himself before the referee and
the referee can bear his answer. But, says the
Senator from Indiana, that cannot be, because
if the court could not delegate to the referee
originally the power to commit it could not
delegate to him the power to hear the answer
,-itid discharge him. We see in a very familiar
illustration precisely the reverse of the doc-
trine held by him.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sena-
tor, is it not perfectly plain that it is the right
of the witness to have the Senate sit in judg-
ment on the sufficiency of his answer, and how
can they sit in judgment upon it if they have
adjourned? The power to imprison and the
power to discharge must reside in the same
body and exist in it at the same time. There is
a proposition which I think is perfectly sound
and which covers this case.
Mr. MORTON. They are correlative.
Mr. BAYA11D. They are correlative. The
Senate cannot, as a body, act except when it is
in session, and with a constitutional quorum
present. The Senate cannot delegate this dis-
cretion of imprisonment for a refusal to an-
swer to any committee and clothe them with
power to judge of the sufficiency of the answers
required by the Senate.
If these propositions are true, and it seems
to me that their enunciation alone is sufficient,
then the question of the duration of the impris-
onment is settled, that it cannot exist longer
than the session of the Senate as a constitu-
tional body.
There is another matter which it seems to
rae should be considered in this connection.
Discretionary powers as in this case arise by
implication under our constitution of govern-
ment. The power of the Senate to make its
rules implies the power to enforce its rules,
jind hence it is that persons who set those rules
«it defiance can certainly be subjected to their
punilivp powers. But what amount of power
should be given for this purpose? Under our
Ametican theory it is the least possible power
adequate for the end proposed, and no more.
That is the doctrine approved by the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case to which
I have referred; and I may say further that
.Judge Johnson, delivering the opinion of the
court, affirms this proposition:
"And even to the duration of imprisonment a
Period is imposed by the nature of things, since the
existence of the power that imprisons is indispens-
able to its continuance; and, although the legislat-
ive power continues perpetual, the legislative body
ceases to exist on the moment ot its adjournment or
periodical (lisaoiution. Itiollows that imprisonment
must terminate with that adjournment."
Now, where does the power to so imprison
exist? We have shown that. It exists in the
body. When the body is not in session, how
can it i)e said that they can continue the exer-
iise of the power?
Mr. President, there has been ft relief, and
I think a veryfortunate and proper one, in the
act of Congress of 1857. The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio brought here the history of that
law as contained in the congressional debates
of that period, and the report of the committee
who framed the law. Congress has no neces-
sity at this time further to exercise its discre-
tion upon the subject, because the punishment
of such recusant witnesses is provided for by
public law. The act of Congress of 1857 has
been referred to, which makes the refusal to
answer committees of Congress duly consti-
tuted a penal offense. It further makes it the
duty of the Presiding Officer of the body whose
lawful authority has been so disregarded to
certify that fact to the officers of the law, and
let the regular penalties, of which the party
has been advised in advance, fall upon him,
if he should be proven after a fair trial before
a jury of his countrymen and under the law of
the land to be guilty of the offense alleged
against him. I do not presume to enter upon
the guilt or the innocence of the parties in this
case. I do not care, at this stage of the ses-
sion, to go into the fact as to whether they
have answered sufficiently or not. I did not
rise for that purpose, but for one much more
important in the principle involved and its
results to the country.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me a
moment right there?
Mr. BAYARD, I should prefer to conclude
my remarks.
Mr. HILL. If I interrupt the Senator's train
of thoughts 1 will not do it, but I thought the
question I proposed to ask would not do so.
It occurred to my mind to suggest to the Sen-
atorthisquestion : if the powerof either House
of Congress to punish for coutempt beyond its
own existence was complete and ample at the
time of the passage of that statute, why did
Congress pass it ?
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator is
asking not only what is the law, but what is
the reason of the law.
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. That is a difficult thing to
know, because I presume men voted for it for
very different reasons. But if I were asked to
give the reason for that law I should say it was
owing to that abhorrence, proper and right as
it is, among the people of this country to the
exercise of a power that has no limits but the
discretion of those who use it, and which
may, therefore, be arbitrarily used. It was to
establish a fixed rule that all men shouldknow,
by which they should be guided, and which
should be a limitation upon the cruelty or the
passion or the partisan feeling of any House
of Congress that, attempted to deal with a wit-
ness by prolonged imprisonment or by any other
improper method of enforcing his submission
to their wishes for refusing to answer their
questions, or for any other alleged contempt.
I regard the law of 1857 as a substitute for
congressional discretion in cases of this char-
acter. I believe thoroughly in the power of
either House of Congress to summon wit-
nesses and to hold them during the session of
that body, in their discretion, until proper an-
swers shall be made. I deny the proposition
that after Congress shall have adjourned, that
man, whoever he may be, can lawfully be held
in confinement and deprived of his liberty for
one hour; for if he can be held for one hour
he may be for the nine months that frequently
elapse between the sessions of Congress, and
during that time a sentence imposed of mere
imprisonment for some alleged contempt may,
by the operation of such a principle, become
a sentence of death itself upon him ; for, as I
have said, the power to imprison him is cor-
relative with the power to release him, and no
other power has jurisdiction of his case. For
the time being he is beyond the reach of local
law, and tnay lose his life for want of the usual
relief granted to malefactors whose health be-
comes impaired by imprisonment, but whose
lives are not forfeited to the law.
The power to imprison and continue the im-
prisonment,and the power to discharge the pris-
oner, both exist in the same body ; they both
must exist at the same time; and how can you
say, when the Senate has dispersed and no
longer exists insession asa constitutional body
that the power to discbarge from imprisonment
does exist anywhere? It is impossible. For
that reason I aver that no more dangerous prop«
osition could be assented to by Congress or
the American people than that they can im-
prispn a citizen for contempt of their rules or
hold him for any length of time after their
adjournment until he answers questions in
a manner which shall satisfy the discretion
of one of their committees. That committee
might be composed, not, as in the present
case, of men whom we all respect and would
trust, but it might be composed of men of the
most inveterate enmity toward the prisoner,
and he, instead of having the benefit of the
decision of that body toward whom he had
been guilty of contempt as to whether his
answers had been satisfactory, and as to
whether he had sufficiently purged himself of
the original contempt, would be the subject
of malevolence and of a malevolent discretion
exercised, not by the body to which he had a
right to appeal, but a committee to whom it
was impossible to have such discretionary,
power delegated.
I therefore trust that there will be no hesita-
tion in admitting the fact, and I would rather
see it take the form even of a more general
proposition, that neither Douse of Congress
has the right to detain a man in custody, either
for refusing to answer or for an alleged con-
tempt, after its adjournment without day.
Let us in the present case illustrate that true
and necessary doctrine of the free Government
of our fathers, that every power delegated to
Congress, either expressly or by implication,
is limited in its nature and just operation.
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of
making a suggestion ; and that is, that we fix
four o'clock to take the vote on this resolution
and at the same time agree to fix an hour for
adjournment. We shall probably be able to
close all our business by that time. I make
the suggestion by common consent that we take
the vote on this resolution at four o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proposes that by unan-
imous consent the vote upon the pending res-
olution and all amendments thereto shall be
taken at four o'clock. Is there any objection
to that proposition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a subject that has
been so much discussed in favor ot the uncon-
stitutionality of continuing these witnesses in
custody in order that they may answer before
the committee that I should not feel justified
at. this time, as I have not yet had an oppor-
tunity to express my views about it, in agree-
ing to the proposition of my friend, although
I should be very glad indeed to gratify him.
I do not know that I shall be able, not being
well to-day, to say anything; but I do not wish
to preclude myself, if I feel able, from the right
to make some remarks on this subject.
Mr. WILSON. My proposition would give
ns an hour, and I hope those who wish to pass
the resolution will abstain from further dis-
cussion. I see that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] desires to speak on the sub-
ject, and I think the Senator from Vermont
will have time enough to speak upon it also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I intend to take time
enough. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. WILSON. Will you consent to fix five
o'clock for the vote?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I will not con-
sent to any time. After the discussion which
has been had, three fourths of the time having
been occupied by the friends of this resolu-
tion in advancing doctrines that I believe are
fatal, not to this particular case, because it is
of no consequence, but fatal to the powers of
the Senate for all the purposes of enforcing the
