220
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE,
March 22,
deficiency bill, the concurrent resolution for a joint
committee to investigate into the condition of the
States lately in insurrection, and the resolution now
pending instructing the Committee on the Judiciary
,to report a bill orbillsthatwill enable the President
and tho courts of the United States to execute the
laws in said States.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sawyer to the amendment of Mr.
Sherman.
The amendment of Mr. Sherman was to add
the following:
And the report that may be made by the Judiciary
Committee on that subject.
The amendment of Mr. Sawybr to the amend-
ment was to add at the end of the amendment
proposed by Mr. Sherman the following :
And " the bill to relieve all persons engaged in the
rebellion from tlio disability imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution with certain
exceptions.''*
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of the
amendment to the amendment offered by the
Senator from South Carolina, but Ishouldnot
be in favor of the amendment to which it is
sought To be attached. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio provides that we
'shall consider the report to be made by the
Committee on the Judiciary in case his resolu-
tion should pass. I hope Senators will see the
precise question. The amendment to the
amendment keeps the Senate here to consider a
report hereafter to be made by the Committee
on the Judiciary. It was never my understand-
ing that that was the intention of the resolu-
tion. It was not so reported by the Senator
from Rhode Island. This is an amendment
offered in the Senate after the resolution was
presented. I hope the Senator from South
Carolina will withdraw his amendment and
let us vote directly on the amendment pf the
Senator from Ohio and see whether that is to
be adopted. If we vote this amendment in
regard to the removal of disabilities, which I
am in favor of, upon the other amendment it
will embarrass some of us, at any rate in
the next vote. Now, let each amendment
stand on its own bottom, and let us vote first
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SAWYER, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina withdraws his amend-
ment, aud the question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
* Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on that
amendment now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word
about that amendment. It was proposed after
a conference with many Senators who differed
somewhat as to the precise agreement which
was had in regard to this resolution. It was
submitted to Senators who had one view of it
and Senators who had the other view, and
these words are proposed to be added to, carry
out the understanding of those who were in
favor of the resolution. It simply requires us
to remain here long enough, first, to pass the
resolution referred to, and next, to act upon
any report the Judiciary Committee may make
upou thesubject. If the Judiciary Committee
cannot make a report that presents one ques-
tion ; but if they shall be prepared to report,
as I hope they will be, some measure that will
meet the difficulties which we are discussing,
then we shall act on that bill promptly.
Mr. President, let me say that the Commit-
tee on the-Judiciary ought now, in my judg-
ment, and I desire the attention of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, from this moment, or at
any rate from the time the resolution isadopted,
to be considering this question; perhaps not
formally as a committee until the matter is
referred to them, but the very organization of
their committee, the rule under which they are
organized, requires them to consider this very
class of subjects. The whole matter must now be
passing through the brain and mind of these
honorable Senators, and they ought to be pre-
pared t<J report, one way or the other, soon
Mint ttafe adoption of the resolution. If they
are unable to agree, or if they can only agree
to report some simple proposition, they ought
to be able to submit that to us. Therefore,
action on this resolution offered by me ought
to be followed almost immediately—because
the debate on that will take some time—by a
report from the Judiciary Committee either of
some measure to carry out the general pur-
poses of the resolution, or else a report that
they cannot agree, oi some proposition upon
which we can promptly act. That is the view
I take of it, and that was the understanding of
those who joined in getting up the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it was not so
understood by all those who participated in
the getting up of this resolution, though it was
doubtless the understanding of the Senator
from Ohio. Now, I may say to the Senator
from Ohio that here is a subject which has
been considered, as we all know, by gentlemen
of both Houses, has been in the hands of a
committee for the purpose of preparing a bill,
and they have been unable to prepare a bill
that should meet the approbation of those who
desired some action on this subject, and it is
requiring a great deal to suppose that the Judi-
ciary Committee could do any better. I do
not suppose that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary can report a bill that will put down vio-
lence any better than any other committee of
this body. There were just as able lawyers on
the committee that has already considered this
subject as there are upon the Committee on
the Judiciary ; in fact, I believe some of the
same gentlemen, perhaps several.
1 may say further to the Senator from Ohio
that the Committee on the Judiciary has not
been altogether neglectful of this subject, as
his remarks might seem to imply. I do not
suppose he intended to make any complaint of
the committee, but his remarks might carry
that impression to the country. The committee
has been convened and we have had under con-
sideration this subject, but it was without any
result. I will not undertake to go into details
of what occurred in the committee-room; but
I may state that the committee has assembled
and considered this subject with the members
here. The committee is not full. One of the
members of the committee has been indis-
posed and has been unable to be with us, and
another, as the Senator from Ohio perhaps
knows, is not in the city; but the matter has
been considered by the committee, and we have
come to no conclusion about it. I do not
know that there would be any more probability
ot coming to a conclasion in that committee
than there has been heretofore. I should not
have said this much in regard to the committee
but for the remark of the Senator from Ohio.
Not understanding that it was the intention
that we were to remain here to consider the
report of the committee, but supposing that
the whole object of our remaining at all was to
consider the Senator's resolution and let Sen-
ators have an opportunity to express their
views upon it, that all that was contemplated
was to do that and pass the other resolution,
I hope the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio will not prevail.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the effect of voting down
the amendmentof the Senator from Ohio. The
effect of it will be by this rule to exclude the
possibility of any legislation for the protection
of life and property in the South. Whatever
may be the conclusion of the Senate at the end
of this debate, that is the effect now of defeat-
ing the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The Senator from Illinois is in favor of vot-
ing down this amendment, but then he is in
favor of adopting the amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that we shall legis-
late to remove the disabilities of those who
have been concerned in the rebellion. That
would be the form it would then assume, that
we shall do nothing for the protection of life
and property, in the South, but shall be at, lib-
erty to pass a bill to rfeiievti tfcfe dis&Mitiel 6f
those who have been engaged in the rebellion.
If there is time to legislate at all, there is time
to legislate for the protection of the lives of
the Union men in the South, as well as to
legislate to relieve those who have been en-
gaged in the rebellion of their disabilities. It
would be a sad record for us to make to the
country that we can do nothing, and will
attempt to do nothing for the protection of
life down there, while we^jave time, and will
attempt to do something further to relieve
those who have been engaged in the rebellion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Indiana to allow me to make a suggestion.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The subject-matter neces-
sarily embraces amnesty as a matter of course,
and if the Judiciary Committee should report
a stringent measure that will put down the
Ku Klux outrages, and connect with it the
subject of amnesty, it will present the matter
in such a form that I should probably be very
willing to rote for amnesty. The two matters
are connected, without any express reference
to them both in this resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana, I presume, does not wish to put me in a
false position by the remarks he makes about
amnesty.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He must understand that
I am opposed to the whole resolution. I am
opposed to putting a limit on the action of the
Senate if we are to stay here. He knows that
I have been voting in favor of adjournment 
Mr. MORTON. I understand that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator would seem
to intimate I wanted to pass an amnesty bill
and nothing else.
Mr. MORTON. I do not wish to misrepre-
sent the Senator. I did understand him to say
that he was in favor of the amendment offered
by the Senator from South Carolina. If I am
not correct in that 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The general subject I
am in favor of; I do not know about the par-
ticular form of amendment. I am in favor of
a general proposition for amnesty, not includ-
ing everybody, but very general.
Mr. MORTON. One thing further. The
Senator said he did not think the Committee
on the Judiciary could report a bill here that
would afford the protection or give the remedy
we desire. I hope it is not a foregone conclu-
sion that we can do nothing for the evils which
exist in the South, which must now be con-
fessed and admitted by all, and that the Union
men there must be delivered over to the ten-
der mercies of their enemies. If the Judiciary
Committee should so report, that they can do
nothing, possibly the Senate might think differ-
ently and might choose to amend their report,
and then, having the subject before the Senate,
some bill, moderate, limited, affording pro-
tection to some extent, might be agreed upon.
I hope we shall not be foreclosed by the state-
ment in advance that that committee can re-
port nothing for the benefit of these people.
When we get their report we shall see what it
is, and then it will be for the Senate to take
such action on the subject-matter as shall seem
to the Senate best.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I think we ought
to remain here until we have made an effort at
least to do something to restore quiet in the
southern States. I would not confine myself
to one measure alone ; but if nothing else could
be done I should ask at least that the pretext
for these outrages might be removed by pass-
ing an amnesty bill. I think that what ought
to be done is to put in the jurisdiction of the
United States courts in the several States the
crimes which are now producing such disturb-
ance and such fear in the southern States. I
think there ought to be an effort made now
through the courts of the country to put a stop
to the present condition of things. I would give
them an eight-months' trial. If we adjourn
and do hot milks that effort, toy fe&fs ate that,
