1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
on the investigation of the committee that will
sit during the recess and the report of the
occurrences that will take place between now
and next December and upon the general con-
dition of things that will appear at that time,
it will be necessary to take measures at which
every southern man must feel horror. I wish,
in plain language, to avoid the necessity of
martial law; I wish to avoid the necessity of
using the Army until every other expedient
has been exhausted and has failed. I appeal
to Congress now to let the courts of the United
States have eight months' trial. Let the courts
of the country see if they cannot afford a remedy
in this emergency. I believe that if a proper
bill were passed giving the courts of the United
States jurisdiction in these matters before next
December comes there would be seen to be no
necessity for more stringent action. I believe
that many of the leaders of the Democratic
party in the South—1 do not say all, but some
of them, enough—would join with the leaders
of the Republican party, through the medium
of the Federal courts, in making a very great
improvement, if not an entire change, in the
whole present aspect of affairs there. It is
worthy of a trial. It is, in my judgment, the
duty of Congress to try it before they go away
from here.
In addition to that I think it would be very
well to pass a general amnesty bill. I have
been talking that for the last twelve months,
and even longer than that. The disqualifying
clauses of the fourteenth amendment have
never done any good in any of the southern
States toward carrying out the congressional
policy of reconstruction. They have never
been of any service whatever to the Govern-
ment, so far as I have been able to see or to
judge. It may be true that some things might
occur which I do not anticipate in case there
were a general amnesty. Men might be sent
to the councils of the nation here that a ma-
jority of the Senators would not like to see
intrusted with the powers of the government
in any degree. But I am speaking about its
effect in the southern States. I have not seen
from these disabilities any beneficial effect
there in the contest that has been carried on
between the two parties. We have to look at
what that contest is. There are men who are
endeavoring to carry into practical operation
the congressional policy of reconstruction, to
put into practical effect those great principles
whfeh we were told were necessary for the
peace and security of the nation for the future.
On the other side there is a party arrayed
against us. It is not true that those under dis-
ability belong to one party alone ; they belong
to both parties. I can see no beneficial effect
that the continuance of these disabilities has;
but it serves as a pretext, I see here, for the
outrages which have been detailed and which
have disgraced my State and disgraced other
southern States,which have kept enterprise and
capital and everything that could be desired by
a people away from us, and which now threaten
that we shall be reterritorialized. Worse than
even that, sir, counter-organizations that will
retaliate are threatened, so that we shall have
a civil war of county against county and
neighborhood against neighborhood.
It is because of the terrible condition of
things there now, but more especially because
of what appears to be in the future, that I
would beg of the Congressof the United States
not to leave here until they have tried a milder
measure, which I have reason to say to the
Senate will be, in my judgment, efficacious
through the instrumentality of the civil courts
and through the removal of the pretext that
any other than beneficent legislation was
thought of or devised. Let an honest, serious,
candid effort be made nQW by peaceable means;
and then if all else fail, I shall give it up en-
tirely, and the (government can take charge
of it as they think proper. But, sir, I shall
come here next December prepared to remind
Senators of what I tell them now. Should a
condition of things more horrible than the
present then be presented I shall then take
occasion to call their attention to what I now
say, not by way of reproach, but by way of
reminding them that there was a time when
by less objectionable and less stringent and
less prescriptive measures they were assured
that there might have been prevented any
necessity for what will then probably be pro-
posed.
I hope, therefore, sir, that Congress will take
it candidly into consideration. If nothing can
be done, if nothing can be agreed upon, if
Senators are so desirous to leave here that
they can go to their constituents and risk them-
selves before them, having neglected what I
consider to be a great duty upon their hands,
be it so. They may look upon it otherwise.
It is for thein and for their constituencies to
say whether they can turn their backs on what
is now before them, and go home without taking
some action in the matter.
So far as the Judiciary Committee is con-
cerned, I do not think the honorable chair-
man meant to say that the committee would
find any difficulty in recommending to this
body some measure of this character. I did
not so understand him. It was not properly
before us, and there seemed to be a disposi-
tion to wait, as I understood, until action was
taken on this very measure, that we should not
prejudge, spring forward, and meddle with
what we were not properly positively called
upon to take into consideration. I did not
understand, and I do not believe the honor-
able chairman meant to impress upon the
Senate, as the Senator from Indiana seemed
to suppose, that there was any trouble on the
part of the Judiciary Committee, if they were
charged with the special subject, in bringing
in a proper measure.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not understand that the Judiciary Com-
mittee have given such consideration to this
subject that the impression can with propriety
go forth that it is a settled thing that they can-
not agree upon a bill. Neither do I under-
stand the chairman as meaning so to state.
The people of this country have enacted a
new amendment to the Constitution, the four-
teenth amendment. It is broad and compre-
hensive. They did it for some purpose; they
did it to meet just the exigencies of the country
which were likely to grow out of the war through
which we had passed. Now, sir, it is certainly
proper that the legislative body should give
effect to that amendment, and that we should
stay here to do it. I would be opposed to any
extreme measure, to any measure of doubtful
constitutionality; I would be opposed to any
measure which did not apply equally to every
State in this Union and which would not meet
our judgment as fundamental law at all times
and under all conditions. And I believe the
Judiciary Committee, and the Senate, on their
report, are able to produce such an act. We
have not legislated on tlie fourteenth amend-
ment, excepting as we did so incidentally in the
bill which was passed in 1870. There is further
legislation required, and I think the condition
of the country calls upon Congress to stay here
and attend to that business.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, no one
underrates the necessity of putting a stop to
tha outrages spoken of, so far as they exist.
There may be a difference of opinion as to the
extent to which they do exist; but no one, I
am sure, of any party desires that they should
continue. Every one at least in this Chamber
desires that they should cease. But desirable
as it is that these outrages should cease, im-
portant as any Senator may consider it to be
that an end should be put to them, there is
another thing of more importance than even
that; and that is that you shall respect and
obey the Constitution of the United States.
These evils that exist, great as they may be,
admit them to be as great as even exaggera-
tion has depicted them, are not near so great
as would be an overthrow of the fundamental
law of the land and the assumption of all
power by the Congress of the United States.
Now, sir, if a bill can be framed within,the
constitutional power of Congress to enact to
put down these go-called or actual outrages)
and if there is such pressing necessity for it
and has been for the last two years, according
to the report of the majority of our select com-
mittee, I want to know why it is that no such
bill has been framed by those who are most
interested in putting them down.
Mr. POOL. If the Senator will allow me
to answer 
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly, I will yield tc
the Senator.
Mr. POOL. I introduced a bill upon this
subject on th% 2d day of May, 1870, which I
hold in my hand, and which I steadily pressed
at that time before the Judiciary Committee.
I thought then if that had become a law we
should have been saved all this trouble. I
think so now.
Mr. THURMAN. If the necessity for this
bill existed then, and the bill was introduced
on the 2d of May, 1870, why is it that it was
not pressed upon the consideration of the Sen-
ate? Why is it that the Senate was not brought
to a vote upon it? Let me say to the Senator
how I understand the matter was. The bill
was introduced by him on the 2d day of May,
1870. After that the Senate had under con-
sideration a bill which ultimated in the act
approved by the President on the 31st day of
that same month, entitled "An act to enforce
the right of citizens of the United States to
vote iu the several states of this.JJnion, and
for other purposes"—the enforcement act.
The Senator from North Carolina will recollect
how through the long and weary watches of
a whole night that bill was discussed, and he
will also recollect that on his own motion the
substance of his bill was inserted in that act.
I shall come to that presently. It does strike
me, however, as amazing that this extraordin-
ary commotion should arise here just at this
time, just at this, I will not say special session,
but extraordinary session of the Senate, when
for two years there has been only the faintest
possible whisper of the necessity of any such
legislation.
But, Mr. President, there have been bills
drawn upon this subject; not drawn, I believe,
by southern men, for this one of the Senator
from North Carolina is the only one I have
seen that has come from a southern pen.
There may have been others; I only speak of
my own knowledge.
Mr. POOL. The Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Sawyer] introduced one.
Mr. THURMAN. There may have been
others, but they have not attracted my atten-
tion. , There have been bills introduced in one
or the other House of this Congress by north-
ern members, and if anything could more com-
pletely demonstrate than another the danger
of proceeding in hot haste upon such a sub-
ject it would be those bills. They are bills that
shock every sense of constitutional law in any
lawyer's mind. I have one of them here be-
fore me now, introduced into the House of
Representatives by a colleague of my own from
the State of Ohio, a bill which assumes that
Congress has as much power in a State over
the criminal law of the State, as much power
to punish crimes in a State as it has within the
District of Columbia, or in any of the forts or
arsenals of the United States; a bill which
asserts for Congress just as absolute jurisdic-
tion over every crime and offense, from the
highest to the lowest, from murder to libel,
from robbery to assault and battery, and_ the
power to punish those crimes when committed
in a State, as fully as Congress can punish
them when committed within the District of
Columbia. And now when it is proposed that
Congress shall assume this power, the entire
jurisdiction over crimes and offenses committed
within a State; when this stride that no mar-
