928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
have or we have not, one of the two. Is there
a Senator on this floor who will deny that we
have such authority? I have not heard one.
But having propounded a question, and a per-
tinent question, a proper question as it must
be, what is the obligation imposed upon the
witness? Is it an obligation to answer or not
according to his pleasure? It is or it is not.
You are within the control of the witness or
he is within your control, one of the two. If
the doubt suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] just now as to our
authority to commit at all a contumacious wit-
ness 
Mr. SUMNER. In a case like this?
Mr. HOWE. "In a case like, this." Is
that a qualifying remark? Do I understand
from that that the Senator concedes that in a
proper case we have the right to put a ques-
tion and to commit for not answering ?
Mr. SUMNER. Where the Senate is a court.
Mr. HOWE. And only where it is a court?
Mr. SUMNER. I only raised a doubt beyond
that.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, think
of the attitude of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts before the country, think of his
standing here in the Senate of the United
States afflicted with a doubt upon a question
oflaw! [Laughter.] Butif he can be tolerated
with doubts in any case, which seems to me to
be impossible on such questions as this, the
Senator from Massachusetts ought to have a
definite and fixed opinion upon this point, to
wit, whether the Senate of the United States
can put a pertinent question to a witness and
compel an answer. The country is nearly one
hundred years old; a great many committees
have been raised, a great many witnesses have
been sworn before them, and either these were
all usurpations or it is settled that the Senate
is clothed with such authority as that.
Well, if we have the authority to raise a
committee and to put a question in any case,
we are the judges of what the case shall be,
nobody else; and having raised the committee
and put the question, then it presents that other
point, is the obligation* of the witness only this,
to answerornotas he chooses? Hemustanswer
according to his pleasure or he must answer
according to ours. Is there any other alter-
native? If he cannot decide the question we
must. Is there a Senator on this floor who will
say that he shall decide it and decide it con-
clusively, finally ? Is there one? If there is, I
should like to see him, but I think I would
prefer to have a distant view of him.
There is not a Senator here who will affirm
that the witness may suit his own pleasure,
may rightfully, legally consult his own pleasure
as to whether lie will answer or not. Then, if
lie cannot consult his own wishes he must defer
to the command of the Senate, must he not?
If his answering is not a voluntary thing, we
have a right to compel the answer, have we
not? If we have a right to compel it, what
are your means for compelling? J hear Sen-
ators say that we may commit in case of con-
tempt, but commit only for a certain time, and
there is a good deal of doubt expressed as to
the time for which we may commit. I will
not quarrel with any Senator here about the
question of time. I only ask the authority to
commit for one minute as retribution for one
minute'scontempt. That, in all. Idonotpre-
tend to be a lawyer, but I think every man of'
oouimou sense knows that if you have authority
to commit for a con tempt your commitmen t may
continue just as long as the contempt contin-
ues ; and the contempt continues just as long
as you furnish the contumacious witness with
an opportunity to answer and he refuses to
answer. Is not that clear ? Is there any doubt
about it? The power to commit is not put in
your hands to punish, but it is put into your
hands to enforce obedience.
Mr. WILSON. What is the wisdom of con-
tinuing this thing?
Mr. HOWE. Simply because the contempt
continues. Simply because the nation, the
people of the United States, have put a proper,
pertinent question to these witnesses, calcu-
lated, designed, intended to disclose the fact
that this whole country wants to know, who
was the man who sold the treaty, and they will
not answer. They are in contempt. So says
the Senator, so say all Senators; they are in
contempt. What do you mean by saying they
are in contempt of the Senate? Why. that
they defy the authority of the Senate; they
snap their fingers in your face; and if there
was any one circumstance which could be ad-
duced in any given case to aggravate the con-
tempt that is wanting in this case I do not
know what that circumstance is? Because
they laugh at you, because they defy you by
word of mouth, because you are laughed at
everywhere, because you are taunted with the
fact that you cannot get an answer from them,
because you are told that they are under heavy
pay not to answer, because the Senate is sys-
tematically laughed at for its impotence. That
is why I would have this question answered.
Mr. President, it seems to me the whole case
is just here; those witnesses are in contempt of
the Senate, and they must get out of that con-
tempt or«we must get into it, one of the two. I
do not see any other alternative. I will not
say more as to which should be done. If that,
question is to be settled upon a consideration
of the relative distances the two parties would
have to travel I do not know but that we had
better go in. I am not sure but the Senate may
get into contempt with less travel than the
witnesses can get oat of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, the Senate will decide this
matter, and I am going to submit it in a very
short time. Remember, that the only purpose
of urging an answer from those witnesses is to
uncover some man who with one hand is tak-
ing cash out of the Treasury for keeping your
confidence, and who with the other hand is
taking cash from individuals for betraying it.
The only purpose we have is to uncover that
man. That is the object we are after. Now,
if you say these witnesses shall not be forced
to answer that question, I must acquiesce in
the decision; but 1 have one request to make
of the Senate: never, while the Senate is com-
posed of those who now occupy its seats, let
another committee of investigation be raised ;
do not allow yourselves to be mocked again.
Submit to the humiliation now, but do not
expose yourselves to it again.
And another thing I have to ask, Mr. Pres-
ident, and I have to ask this as a matter of
personal right to each one of us. Never let
your doors be closed again ; do not ever enter-
tain a motion to go into secret session again'.
Why? Bccause you do not know but some
one here will betray the transactions of that
confidential session, arid you do know and will
have determined that you cannot ascertain who
does it. Do not, thecefore, ever entertain
another motion to close these doors. If you
do, do it some time when I am not here, for 1
am absolutely afraid I shall hear the angels
above hiss the mover.
Mr. President, there is one other feature in
this case that I want to call a moment's atten-
tion to. There has been a conduct observed
out of the Senate and in some respects in the
Senate toward your committee that I do not
think is quite fair or just. Out of the Senate
you know that two members of your committee
have been systematically vilified, traduced,
abused, not everywhere, but in many of the
public journals, and particularly in the columns
ot the New York Tribune, that one journal
which seems to feel itself the most interested
in this controversy. The New York Tribune
has no interest in it whatever ; that is made
manifest already ; and yet the fact is, and we
know it, that two members of your committee
have been day after day in the columns of that
journal held up to public reproach and con-
demnation so far as that joumalis capable of
doing it.
Now, the thing I thought the Senate ought
to take notice of and to establish beyond all
controversy was this: that your committee had
done nothing more in this business than to dis-
charge a duty which you delegated to them,
not a duty which they voluntarily assumed.
You imposed a duty upon them, and they have
addressed themselves steadily to the discharge
of that duty, and I thought it was due to them
that the Senate should testify as much as that.
Of course, the New York Tribune is not re-
sponsible to us for what it says about our mem-
bers, or about the Senate itself. It has a right
to publish matter, and to a great extent may
select the matter it will publish. How far it
is responsible to individuals is a question which
does not arise here. How far it is responsible
to the Senate is a question which has not
arisen, in my judgment, upon anything that
has yet appeared. But that our duty is plain to
stand by and to defend the conduct of our own
committees and of our own members till they
transgress some duty which they owe, not to
the press, but to the Senate, seems to me to
be very plain.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator think
that the passage of a resolution for the discharge
of these witnesses would be any reflection on
the committee ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, not at all. I do not
insist upon anything of the kind ; but in the
course of this debate two or three remarks
have been dropped by Senators which 1 thought
were not calculated to relieve the committes
from the reproach which I think has unjustly
been heaped upon them. I want to do my
honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
the justice to take notice and to record here
that he did step forward and to the extent of
his testimony and his influence did vindicate
the action of those two members of the com-
mittee. But the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson]—I just call attention to the fact,
for I know he was sorry for it—did, by an
unfortunate and inadvertent remark of his yes-
terday, rather point the finger of reproach to
those two individuals. That he explained on
the spot, and I let that pass. But the Senator
from Ohio who should sit nearest to me, [Mr.
Sherman,] this morning, while calling attention
to these very parties^l thought very unfortun-
ately, both in manner and matter, took upon
himself to say really that he believed the com-
mittee had done no more than it was their right
to do. Mr. President, there is no right of the
committee involved here whatever. It is a
question of duty. They have discharged that
duty, or they have come short of that duty, or
they have transcended that duty. They have
asserted no rights; they haveclaimed no rights ;
they have exercised no rights; and I am as an
individual entirely unwilling to see them tied
up and thrashed before the country for what is
not sin at ail, or if it be sin, is the sin of the
Senate and not theirs.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ate is willing to take the vote, I am perfectly
willing to forbear sayiug a word. Although
there are some few observations which I would
like to make, if the Senate is ready to vote I
will not say a word.
Mr. WILSON. I do hope we shall now take
a vote after what has been said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hill
in the chair.) The'yeas and nays have been
ordered on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. THURMAN. I wish it understood that
if there is to be further debate I shall desire
to present in a very few words some consider-
ations; but if the Senate is ready to take the
question, I am willing to forbear, if there is a
quorum here.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to cut off
any Senator who desires to speak ; but if the
Senator from Ohio prefers to take the vote
