•222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
tal man ever before thought of is advocated
here, it is proposed that the Judiciary Com-
mittee in hot haste shall report some such bill,
-and that within the few remaining days of this
session I Why, sir, it is simply madness, I
would almost say, if I did not see that it is
proposed by sane men.
The Senator from North Carolina says that
i.f his bill had been adopted he believes there
■would now be no necessity for further legisla-
tion. Let me tell him that the act of May 31,
1870, covers the case. It applies to everyone
of these outrages, and it gives to the Federal
courts jurisdiction over them. Let us see what
one section of that act is. The sixth section
r6&ds*
"That if two or more persons shall band or con-
spire together, or go in disguise upon the public high-
way, or upon the premises of another, with intent to
violate any provision of this act"—
If it stooped there it would simply be "with
intent to Violate any provision of this act,"
which was intended to secure the right to vote;
but it does not stop there at all—
"with" intent to violate any provision of this act,
or to injure, oppress, threaten, or inti midate any ci ti-
zen with intent to prevent or hinder his free exercise
and enjoyment of any right or privilege granted or
secured to him by the Constitution or laws of the
United States, or because of his having exercised
the same, such persons shall be held guilty of fel-
ony, and on conviction thereof shall be fined or
imprisoned, or both, at the discretion of the eourt,
the fine not to exceed 85,000 and the imprisonment
not to exceed ten years, and shall, moreover, be
thereafter ineligible to and disabled from holding
any office or place of honor, profit, or trust created
by tho Constitution or laws of the United States."
That is a section taken out of the Senator's
own bill. It was the second section of his bill,
and it is as broad as the Constitution itself.
If any persons shall combine to injure, oppress,
or intimidate anybody in the free exercise of
any right secured by the Constitution or laws
of the United States, or shall do so, they are
liable to this punishment, and a punishment
that may extend to ten years' imprisonment
in the penitentiary and a fine not exceeding
$5,000, and the Federal courts are given com-
plete jurisdiction. And yet the Senator says
that if his bill had been passed we should have
oo necessity for any further legislation. There
you have the bill; you cannot use broader
language; you cannot make anything more
comprehensive; you have given your courts
jurisdiction, and you have had a Republican
President, and Republican judges of his ap-
pointment in North Carolina, and Republican
marshalsand Republican officers fromthe high-
est to the lowest, and a Republican Governor,
and during a portion of the time a Republican
Legislature. And yet you come here now and
say that Congress will be disgraced if it adjourns
without passing more legislation when you have
it already to the full extent on your statute-
book, and have it as penal almost as it can be
made. Now, is not the statement that w£ need
more legislation a pretty comment on the fact
that in the act which I have read you have the
law and have had it for a year, and have had
every officer who was to execute it a member
of your own party? And still you say now
that the Senate will be disgraced if it does not
stay here to pass some more legislation of this
kind!
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say something
further on this question. The constitutional
question involved' is as to the power of Con-
gress to go into a State and punish offenses,
not against the laws of the United States, which
Congress has any right to pass, but merely to
punish ordinary murder, ordinary assault and
battery, ordinary crimes, such as are punish-
able by the State law. Whenever that ques-
tion shall come, if there is any respect left for
the Constitution, if there is any respect left
for the decisions of your Supreme Court, I will
show you by the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, as well as by the
plain text of the Constitution, that you have
no such power at all. No question was ever
more solemnly decided than was this very ques-
tion in an opinion delivered by John Marshall
himself, that you have no such power. That
was under the Constitution before the four-
teenth amendment was adopted, it is true; but
will anybody tell me where he can find in this
fourteenth amendment any power to invade
the States and take the entire punishment of
crime, the entire jurisdiction of crimes com-
mitted within a State, into the hands of Con-
gress ? I do hope that at least the lawyers of
this body, whose education and habits ought
to give them some reverence for law, some
respect for precedent, some regard for the Con-
stitution, .will pause and consider before they
are driven to such a pretension as this.
I know it has been said that " hard cases
make shipwreck of principle." It is an old
maxim of the lawyer; and hard cases or
supposed emergencies too often make ship-
wreck of constitutions. I know that under a
great clamor of excitement Congress may be
induced to exercise powers that, in its sober
moments and without excitement, it would
shrink with horror from attempting to exer-
cise. We have seen too much of that in the
past history of the country ; but I do hope that
the time has not come when for the purpose
of curing one evil the very law-making body
of the Government, each member of which
is sworn to support the Constitution, will com-
mit the far greater evil of overthrowing that
instrument 1
This-is the state of this case. Here, sir, is
a law, a law which has been in force now
nearly a year, with Republicans everywhere
in these States to execute that law, everywhere
having power to execute it; the judges of your
own appointment, the jurors selected by your
own marshals, and they the appointees of the
President of the United States, with every
power with which Government can clothe a
judiciary; and now we are told that we must
have some more law of the same kind. Mr.
President, if we can have no better law of the
same kind than the bills which have been pre-
sented to us, I hold that the less of that law
we have the better.
I say again that I will studiously consider
the subject, and to the utmost of my ability I
will search for some mode by which we can
exercise the powers that are constitutionally
conferred upon us. So far as they are consti-
tutionally conferred no man will more freely
exercise them than I will to suppress these
outrages. So far as combinations are formed
to resist the execution of the laws of the Uni-
ted States which arre constitutionally passed,
no one ever doubted the p<jjver of Congress to
punish such combinations; and, so far as the
power of the President is concerned, he has
it already; our statute-books give it to him
already. The provision in the Constitution in
regard to the President putting down insur-
rection when called upon by the Executive or
the Legislature of a State relates to insurrec-
tion against the State; but that does not limit
the power of the President to put down iosar-
rections in the country. - There is the power
to put down insurrections against the Govern-
ment of the United States; and although the
act of 1795, Congress not anticipating such a
case, failed to provide for it, yet, by the act
of 1862, you did provide for it, and gave the
power to the President to call out the militia
whenever the necessity existed to put down
insurrections against the Government of the
United States. Then you have the judicial
power which I have shown you, and you have
the executive power, the President clothed
with power under your act to feven call out
the militia to put down insurrection against
the Government of the United States.
What more do you want? How can any-
body say that Congress has been derelict in
duty on this subject9 No. sir; if these things
have occurred by want, of any official action,
if it is owing to official dereliction, it is execu-
tive or judicial dereliction, and not legislative.
If it is owing to the dereliction of neither
executive, legislature, nor judiciary, then it is
because it is one of tho^e evils which law does
not cure.
My object in making these remarks is to
show that this is not a subject that is to be
decided in a day unless your Judiciary Com-
mittee, instead of being a committee of law-
yers, instead of being a committee to find out
what the law and the Constitution is, and advise
the Senate, is to be a mere scrivener to pat
into the form of law what party, what clamor
may demand. Then you may com aiand them
to report to-day or to-morrow, but if they are
to be lawyers, if they are to exercise the learn-
ing that they are supposed to possess, and the
brains which they are supposed to have, if
they are conscientious men, you must give
them time to do it, that they may report that
which they can defend when reported and
which the Senate can adopt without bringing
shame aud confusion upon the face of every
man here who claims to be a lawyer.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, I suggested
to the Senate yesterday that it was my inten-
tion to move an amendment to this resolution
concerning the order of business of the Sen-
ate—an amendment which is not in order at
this time, I think, as there is an amendment
and an amendment to an amendment pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment has been withdrawn.
Mr. BLAIR. For the same reason which
induced the Senator from South Carolina to
withdraw his amendment, I do not wish to
offer my amendment as an amendment to the
amendment pending, because I am not in favor
of the pending amendment as it stands. I want
to vote against that.
THE VICE PRESIDENT. It can be offered
afterward.
Mr. BLAIR. At the proper time I will offer
it. My amendment is for the purpose of en-
abling the Senate to consider the bills from
the House of Representatives on the subject
of salt and coal, abolishing the duties upon
those articles. I will say here that I propose
to offer it in view of the disposition that has
been manifested by the House of Represent-
atives in declining to enter upon any legisla-
tion such as is indicated by our resolution on
the subject of the order of business. They
have voted that down and have passed resolu-
tions to investigate and try before they hang.
The disposition in the Senate is to hang and
try afterward. I believe that is true, for the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
yesterday said that he believed the best thing
to be done would be to lay this resolution about
the joint committee on the table and proceed
at once to act, that we had plenty of evidence
here upon which to base our legislation. 1
think, sir, that the Senator from Massachusetts
must lay off a little of that magisterial air and
manner of his. Things are not now as they
have been. The House of Representatives are
not prepared to entertain these propositions
or to pass apon them; and although these
measures may be dictated and passed here in
the Senate in the way that they have been for
years past, it is not probable that they will be
concurred in by the House of Representatives.
The people have been forming that House of
Representatives recently, and their voice is
more potent there than it is upon this floor.
Now, there is great anxiety here for the
tranquillity of the South. The fact is that the
bulk of the outrages spokeu of and said to have
been proved in the majority report of the
investigating committee are outrages which
occurred eighteen months ago or a year ago,
and very few if any have occurred within any
recent period. Why were not these gentle-
men anxious for the tranquillity of North Car-
olina at the time when these outrages took
place? Why, sir, an election took place last
summer in North Carolina and the Radicals
were turned out of power. They want some
law to put them back into power. So it was
in Alabama. That is the sum and substance
of the anxiety of these gentlemen for the tran
