1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
quillity of the South, and they want to pass a
law that will, as the Senator from New jersey
says, extend to all the States, for the States
of the North need some law to control thetn
likewise. They are showing a very rebellious
temper, very unsuited to the tastes of gentle-
men here; and these laws must now be applied
to all the States by which the power of the
General Government can be brought to bear
to suppress the popular feeling and the wishes
of the people 1
I do not believe that the House of Repre-
sentatives will concur in this legislation, and
I think we might as well now go to other
legislation, legislation such as I shall indicate
by my amendment. Bills have already been
passed by the House of Representatives which
will relieve the people of the United States
from burdens under which they have groaned
for so many years. By passing these bills, and
making coal and salt free of duty, we can
relieve the people of this country of millions
and millions of dollars that they pay annually
to monopolists. While there are only
$2,000,000 of revenue derived from those two
articles, I believe there is not less than thirty
or forty million dollars extorted from the peo-
ple who use and consume these articles for
the benefit of a few monopolists. I trust that
the Senate, warned by the action of the House
of Representatives of its determination not to
entertain these Ku Klux bills, but to proceed
to beneficial legislation, legislation for the
relief of our whole people, to take the burden
of taxation off their backs, will apply them-
selves to that sort of legislation.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 would not like to call
the Senator to order for an allusion to the
House of Representatives ; but four successive
times, for the sake apparently of influencing
legislation in the Senate, the Senator from
Missouri has referred to the action of the House
of Representatives. I ask if that is in order?
Mr. BLAIR. I am perfectly aware that the
action of the House is a subject upon which
gentlemen here are very sensitive, and  
Mr. POMEROY. I appeal to the Chair.
If the Senator is in order he can go on ; if not,
I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
sustain the point of order made by the Senator
from Kansas. The rule has often been read
from the Chair that the proceedings of the
other House must not be quoted for the pur-
pose of influencing the decision of members
of this body. The Senator from Missouri is
familiar with the rule.
Mr. BLAIR. I regret very much that I have
violated any of the rules of the Senate. It
■was not my intention to do so. I thought that
that which was so public and well known might
be alluded to in this place. At any rate, I
hope it is not out of order to appeal to the
Senate to act upon these measures that are
faere upon our table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the paragraph from the Manual, on page
18°. „ . .
Mr. BLAIR. I have no doubt the Chair is
right. , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paragraph is:
"It is a breach of order in debate to notice what
has been said on thesamesubjectin theother House,
or the particular votes or majorities on it there; be-
cause the opinion of each House should bo left to its
own independency, not to be influenced by the pro-
ceedings of the other."
Mr. BLAIR. I presume I can refer to bills
from the other House which are on the table
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; that
is not objectionable.
Mr. BLAIR. Those bills are of the utmost
importance. We have had a coal famine in
all the sea-board cities this winter; and Sena-
tors representing the sea-board cities have had
their constituents freezing for the want of coal
which might as well have been supplied to them
from Nova Scotia, from Pictou ; but the mo-
nopolists of coal demanded that these duties
should not be taken off, that their monopoly
should be kept up, and the Senate has, I pre-
sume, by a caucus resolution, determined to
retain these duties by excluding the subject
from the consideration of the Senate. The
monopolists of salt are also safe in the hands
of the Republicans here, because that cau-
cus resolution prevents them from considering
these important measures. Salt is an article
which is consumed by every human being in
our country, which every animal instinct with
life finds it necessary for its existence to use.
That is taxed, taxed for the benefit of a few
monopolists, for the Onondaga Salt Company
in New York; and the Senators from thatState
are to be tied up by their caucus resolution ;
and other Senators are to be tied up by this
caucus resolution and prevented from voting to
liberate the people of the country from the
bonds of these monopolists.
I trust, sir, that we maybe able to vote them
down ; or, if not, that we shall be able at any
rate to test the sense of the Senate and call
the attention of the people of the country to a
fact so outrageous. Why, sir, this salt company
do not require any protection. It is notorious
that they send their salt into Canada and sell
it for less than salt can be imported there. It
is notorious that they sell it to the fishermen
of New England cheaper than they can get
imported salt. The fishermen would not other-
wise take it, because they get a drawback upon
the salt which they use on imported fish. So
that this company, able to sell against all com-
petition, and realize enormous profits at that,
able to send its salt into Canada, and to sell it
to the fishermen of New England, yet require
that this enormous tax, which wrings from the
people of the country upward of twenty mil-
lion dollars a year, shall be maintained ; and
if maintained at all, it will be maintained by
the resolutions of the Republican caucus of the
Senate 1
Now, Mr. President, having expressed my
views on this subject briefly, I do not intend to
detain the Senate, but I will adopt the sugges-
tion of my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
and move that all pending orders—I believe
that would not be a proper motion, because
the vote is to be taken on this resolution, by-
unanimous consent, at two o'clock. I will
make no motion that conflicts with that under-
standing. I did intend to move to postpone
the order, and bring up these bills from the
table, but I will not make that motion, as it
was by unanimous consent agreed that we
should vote on this resolution and the amend-
ments to it at two o'clock to-day.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I see that I have
but a few moments to answer a charge made
by the Senator from Missouri of rather a grave
character. I have stated here, for the bene-
fit of the southern States, and to save them
from what I believe is coming, that I desire a
little legislation, and he rises in the Senate and
says that I wish my party to be legislated into
power by the national Government. Because
I ask for legislation to put down assassination,
murder, and crime, he fears that I want his
party legislated out. Sir, if his party is in
by assassination and murder, it ought to be
legislated out. I might, with the same pro-
priety, charge the Senator with being opposed
to putting down assassination, murder, and
crime, in order that he may keep his party in
power in North Carolina and the other States.
Whatever may be the feelings of the Senator
on the subject, that is what his party there are
at. They are endeavoring to substitute vio-
lence for law ; they are endeavoring to use the
halter and the assassin's dagger to keep their
party in power ; and it is the only means they
have of doing it.
Now, sir, 1 ask that there may be legisla-
tion to prevent assassins from gaining or hold-
ing power by the use of the dagger and the
halter. We have some character here ; the
American people have some character ; the
southern people who are thus scourged by the
Democratic leaders and their aiders and abet-
tors here have some rights before the tribunals
of this nation; and I stand here and ask ■ that
they may have such legislation as may be
necessary to save them from such men, from
such policy, and from such practices.
I care not how much the Senator charges
that I am influenced by party motives in any-
thing that I ask. Sir, there are some men
whose eyes are so jaundiced that they can see
nothing except through the medium of party.
I am not among them. I would see the Dem-
ocratic party, or the Republican party, or any
other party, trampled into the dust, before I
would see them maintain themselves by fraud,
or murder, or assassination. I am opposed
to all of it; and in behalf of my people I ask
yon to give us- such constitutional legislation
as shall make us no longer the foot-ball of
party. We have interests, we have rights, as
we are now in this Union ; and I stand before
the Senate and ask them not to leave here
until they have heard us fully, not to shut the
door upon doing what I believe I can show to
the Senate, when time is allowed me, is not
only their duty, but is absolutely indispensable
to be done, and done now.
The vote is about to be taken on this propo-
sition ; I have not time to say another word :
the hour has struck; but I make this last
appeal to Senators not to vote anything that
will preclude the Judiciary Committee from
taking this matter into consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of
two o'clock having arrived, the Senate 
Mr. BLAIR. 1 merely want to make this
remark: the only murderers aud assassins
convicted in North Carolina, by the proof
before us, are Republicans.
Mr. POOL. I can remark back again, that
that is because Republicans punish such men,
and Democrats do not.
Mr. BLAIR. Let me respond to that. Tha
only persons in office in North Carolina, the
judges, the prosecuting attorneys, the Gov-
ernor, are all Republicans, and if there were
any Democrats to punish who commit these
crimes it would be done.
Mr. CONKLING-. Is this debate in order?
Mr. POOL. And the jurors are Democrats.
It is the jurors that prevent their being pun-
ished.
Mr. BLAIR. They have the selection of
jurors, and by their own law they have pro-
vided for the selection of negroes upon all
their juries. That is the fact; and wheti I
address the Senate on this question no man
shall bring it home to us that we do not want
these men punished, when the fact is that the
only persons who are discovered to be guilty
are found to be Republicans.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, what is
the order of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Missouri that by
unanimous consent yesterday it was agreed
that at two o'clock to-day the debate on thit
subject was to close; but that unanimous con-
sent is to be enforced by Senators on their own
honor, and not by the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is no rule of the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is no rule,
and Senators, therefore, who desire to speak
after the time cannot be arrested by the Chair,
if they do not choose to conform to what has
been unanimously agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply wish to say that the
accusation made by the Senator from North
Carolina ran up to the very hour fixed foe
voting ; and it was observed here yesterday,
when this understanding was made, that if any
gentleman wished to make a few remarks, not
to prolong the debate, that would be admissi-
ble. Hence, I said what I have said.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be plenty of
time after awhile.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not wish to allow any-
thing of that sort to go without contradiction
which I had it in my power to make.
