1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
929
rather than to speak, I think we ought at least
to fix a time when we shall take the vote, by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not take the vote now,
right off?
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well ; take it now.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to yield the
floor if we can vote; but if there is to be
further debate, I shall claim the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tta ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] to the resolut;in of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. V/ilson,]
upon which the yeas and nays b*ve been
ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the ,-s.il for the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn, k am afraid
it will disclose the fact that there h no quorum
and embarrass us.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope so,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Is the Sen-
ator from Nevada willing to withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays?
Mr. CONKLING. The y«as and nays have
been ordered by the Senate; and whenever any
Senator who has a right, to withdraw the call
shall do so the Chair will be apprised of it. I
heard nobody withdraw the call.
Ml'. ANTHONY. The call can be with-
drawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. That may be, but I
demanded the yeas and nays, and have not
withdrawn the call, and T shall not do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from New York will excuse the Chair. The
Chair did not know who had demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMAN. That being the case 
Mr. SUMNER. There is evidently a quo-
rum about; there is a quorum within call. Let
us get a vote on this first.
Mr. THURMAN. The moment I am sat-
isfied there is a quorum I will stop. Let some-
body count the Senate for me.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a quorum here
on the floor or in the corridors.
Mr. FENTON. There is a quorum about.
Mr. NYE. I do not think there is.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not believe there is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know one thing.
If we take the vote and there is no quorum,
we can do nothing, I understand, not even
debate, but must sit here. We can then only
compel the attendance of absent members or
adjourn from day to day. It Senators are
satisfied that there is a quorum, very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. Forty-three Senators
were in the Senate to-day. Thirty-^ix con-
stitute a quorum.
Mr. MORTON. There are several Sen-
ators walking about in the Hall.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a quorum here,
I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will call the roll.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SPENCER, (when his name was called.)
On this question I desire to state that I am
paired with the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Kice ] If here he would vote " nay," and I
should vote "yea."
The call of the roll having been concluded,
Several Senators, (to Mr. Spencer.) Vote
to make a quorum.
Mr. SPENCER. I am present, but lean-
not vote, as I am paired.
Mr. SUMNER. Then vote the way the
person with whom you are paired would vote.
Mr. NYE. That is strange advice. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Raise a committee to
inquire which way he had better vote. [Laugh-
ter. ]
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell, Clayton, Cole.
Conkling, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitch-
cock. Logan, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Sawyer. Scott,
and Wright—16.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Corbett, Craein,
Edmund.=, Feuton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Howe. Morton. Sehurz, Sherman. Sprague, Steven-
son, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Wilson, and Win-
dom—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brown low,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of W est Vir-
ginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Johnston, Kellogg,
Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull,
Vickeis, and West—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the resolution of the 'Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
intend to occupy the time of the Senate. I
have not all the virtues that my friend from
Massachusetts possesses, and therefore I am
not in the habit of suspecting other people of
doing virtuous things : I will put it in a way
that shall not be offensive. If I felt entirely
well, or anything like it, I should occupy an
hour of the time of the Senate in discussing
the question of law that has been raised here
as to the power of the Senate over these wit-
nesses, and the general question of the pro-
priety of continuing them in custody, which
the full Senate has once decided by a majority
of the representatives of all the States ought
to be done and should be done. I should like
to discuss the propriety of continuing that,
custody, upon the evidence which has been
taken, if you can call it evidence where all the
witnesses who know refuse to state anything,
in order that we might see whether or not what
the honorable Senator from Ohio who sits
nearest me [Mr. Sherman] has stated is true.
If I understood him, he stated that the Senate
was exculpated, and therefore it would be
merely a sentiment for the vindication of law
and not for the protection of our own honor
if we should go any further.
But, Mr. President, I have not the physical
ability to go into a discussion of either of these
questions at this time. I only think it right to
say that I see on looking at this testimony, what
I did not know fully before, that it appears that
the clerk of one of the committees of this body
assisted in the Tribune office in copying this
document from the stolen or otherwise obtained
treaty, on the occasion when it was sent over,
and that another officer of the Senate, if not
more than one—I do not know how many, as
I have not had time to run it clear through-
had some connection with some of these copies,
and made frequent visits to newspaper row,
whether innocent or otherwise it is impossible
to tell until we know the truth; innocent, I
presume. But in this state of the thing there is
nothing, in my opinion, that will clear up the
honor of the Senate, if there is any honor about
it, which I do not presume to assert by any
means, [laughter, J except to know the truth.
I did not mean to say "honor about the Sen-
ate;" I should not make a remark of that kind ;
but I mean " honor about the obligation not to
disclose the secrets of the Senate." _ There is
nothing that will convince any intelligent per-
son who reads this testimony that our skirts
are entirely clear—when I say "our" I donot
mean Senators, but I mean the body of people
who are employed here all together—until we
know the truth.
But, inasmuch as it does not seem to be
convenient to know the truth just now, I sup-
pose we shall have to do without it, and I have
only occupied these two or three minutes of
the time of the Senate in explaining why, after
what was said a little while ago, I did not pro-
ceed to exercise what I should otherwise have
considered to be a duty, by discussing the
question in these two aspects, from the fact
that I am physically incapable of doing so.
Now, I hope my friend from Massachusetts
will not suspect that I have wished to^put him
off or disoblige him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be read as it
stands now.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate be, and he is hereby, directed to discharge Z.
L. White and II. J. Ramsdell, now hold in custody
by him under an order of the Senate, immediately
upon the final adjournment of the present special
session of the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. OSBOHN, (when his namewas called.)
On this question I am paired with the Senaror
from Delaware, Mr. Saui.sbuky. ]f he were
here he would vote "yea," and I should vote
"nay."
After the call of the roll.
Mr. OSBORN. As it will make no differ-
ence in the vote, for the purpose of making a
quorum I vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Ca«erly. Corbett,
Cragin, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, llarltm, Hill, Logan, Morton, Seiuirz,
Sherman, Sprague. Stevenson. Stockfon, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Wilson, and Win iom—23.
NaYS—Messrs. Caldwell. Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Edmunds, Fiaaagan. Hitchcock, Howe, Nye.
Osborn, Sawyer, Scott, and Wright—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownioiv, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky. Davis of
Ws4 Virginia. Ferry of Connecticut, Ferrv of
Michigan. Hamilton of Maryland, ll.imlm, John-
ston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Mornll of .Maine, Mor-
! nil of Veruioui, Patterson. Pomeroy. Pool. Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Hohemon, Sniilshurv, Spencei\
Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, and West—3-i.
So the resolution was agreed to.
power of committees over witnesses.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer this resolution,
and ask for its immediate consideration :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee are here-
by instructed to inquire and report to the Senate
at its next session, what are the powers of the Sen-
ate to imprison a witness refusing an answer to a,
proper question put to him by the Senate or one
of its committees, and especially whether imprison-
ment for such a cause can in any case extend beyond
the session of the Senate at which the imprisonment
is ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
order of business
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
resolution fixing the time of adjournment.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The question being put, a division was called
fsr.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire whether
a motion is in order now that the Senate
adjourn sine diet
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sees no reason why it is not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn sine die.
Mr. HARLAN. That cannot be done while
a division is being taken.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to the Senator
that it can. It is a motion which overrides
every other, and I say to the Senator frankly
that I do not want one third of the Senate to
do any more business that, is important.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
had stated that a division was called for on
the motion of the Senator from Iowa, and the
