THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion,is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
£Mr. Sherman,] to amend the resolution by
adding "and the report that may be made by
the Committee on the Judiciary on that sub-
ject."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken I ask
that the resolution, as amended, be reported,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
amended. The Secretary will report the ori-
ginal resolution and also the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. HILL. That is what I desire.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the pres-
ent session no other legislative business than the
deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolu-
tion for a joint committee to investigate into the
condition of the States lately in insurrection, and the
resolution now pending instructing the Committee
on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that may
enable the President and the courts of the United
fetates to execute the laws ia said States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered, is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio, to add to the resolution
the words "and the report that may be made
by the Committee on the Judiciary on that
subject."
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CONK LING. Before the Secretary
reads the roll, I ask to be allowed to say that
I abstained from voting on this question pur-
posely, my reason being a difference of under-
standing between Senators as to the agreement
reached in a conference between Republican
Senators.
Mr. HAMLIN. This amendment is a viola-
tion of it.
Mr. CONK LING. The Senator says this
amendment is a violation of it. That is the
understanding'of some Senators; but accord-
ing to the understanding of others it is not.
•therefore, without saying anything in regard
to _ my own understanding, I prefer to vote
neither way.
t ,rj ® WART. That was the reason why
X did not vote.
Mr. HILL. The same reason given bv the
senator from New York operated upon me.
i was one of the caucus where this action
was had, and I did not want to cast any vote
r°? ! ®nable anybody to charge me
7t r 1.1 : J hardly knew how to vote.
It r bad voted, I think I should have voted
"nay."
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to state that
1 consider this amendment a violation of the
agreement made in caucus, and therefore I
did not vote.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the vote will be
announced.
the^riileONKLLNG. This is entirely within
The result of the vote was announced—yeas
81, nays 18; as follows:
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted, yeas 13, nays 38, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Hamilton of Maryland, John-
inghamBoreman, Brownlow, Buck-
M&n # ' ,.CoIe- Cra?m. Fenton, Ferry of
aw HatoHnslwgh,uyse& Gl'bert, Hamilton of
fc.iaflt.™, SSW3tmK,b"u~-
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now let us have the
door thrown wide open, and see who will stay
ifS.IJm0Ve t0 la? the resolution
vlt 5 e; alld on that motion 1 for the
yeas ana nays.
UJ rtvut,uvu;, Aiouilivuu Wl -L'JUHJICHIU, l/UUU-
ston, Kelly, Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
man, and Vickers—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham. Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Craein, ]?enton„ Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Kamsey, Rice,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Tipton,
West, Wilson. Windom, and Wright—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Corbett,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, iJianasan, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Nye. Patterson, Robertson, Schurz. Spra«ue,
Sumner, and Tramball—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
resolution by adding "and the bill from the
House of Representatives repealing the duty
on coal."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move to
amend that amendment by adding "and the
subject of revenue reform and the tariff gen-
erally. ''
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
_ Mr. HOWE, (after first voting in the nega-
tive.) I desire to inquire if the vote we have
just taken is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maryland?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; embracing
the whole question of revenue reform.
Mr. HOWE. Then I vote "yea."
Mr. CONKLINGr. Itis only revenue reform,
but not reform generally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be again reported if any Senator desires.
Mr. CONKLING. I vote "nay," if it is
merely revenue reform.
The result was announced—yeas 15, navs
37 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
feg: Kentucky.Davis of West Virginia,Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury,
wTvon\?tookto.n' Thurman, and Vickers—35.
• Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
Saldwelj',Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin,
Pro*f Michigan Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
of Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
^°San, Momll of Vermont, Osborn,
JOk Pratt- Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
w;S w- a sh«™aD; Sumner, Trumbull, West,
Wilson, windom, and Wright—37.
4nth°ny. Cameron, Carpenter,
Corbett. Edmunds, Ferry oi Connecticut, tflana-
T?Cvf19'. ro Maine, Morton, Nye, Pome-
Tipton—47 °D' ncer' Sprasue, Stewart, and
Iqjove to add "and tea
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr- Trumbull,] to add "and the
Mouse bill repealing the duty upon coal."
nIrj TRUMBULL and Mr. THURMAN
called for the yeas and nays ; and they were
ordered. J
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
lowing amendment by adding the fol-
Provided, That the repeal of the duty on coal shall
only apply to such States and foreign dominions as
fj!keSd stltf-o?thS?Urai?iCr3 t0 the Resident of the
theUnifed States r WlUmgaess be annexed to
[Laughter.]
_ The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected, there being on a division—ayes 17.
noes 29. .* ■">
The VICE PRESIDENT The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois in regard to coal, on which the yeas
3-Bu. nays have been ordered
agreed tomeDda,eBt t0-the amendment was
Mr. VICKERS.
and coffee."
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
06 the amendment to the amendment and
declared that the ayes appeared to have i't
Mr. TRUMBULL, f call for a division
Mr DAVIS, of West Virginia. I Zve'to
add "sugar." u
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not
yet in order, as an amendment to an amend-
ment, to add "tea and coffee," isnownendmw
Mr DAVIS, of West Virginia, itt
that had passed. 6
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet A
division is demanded on the amendment to
the amendment adding "tea and coffee."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; there being, on a division—aves 30
noes 17. J '
„ Mkw,AVI,S| of West Virginia. I now move
to add . and sugar.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. These amend-
ments refer to bills of the House of Represent-
atives which have been presented to the Sen-
ate. There is no bill in regard to suear
Mr. CONKLING. This is an amendment
to that, and it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those amend-
ments refer specifically to various bills, and
the Chair was about to suggest to the Senator
trom West Virginia to put his amendment in
this form : " and also a proposition to abolish
the duty on sugar," to make it grammatically
correct, as the amendment now refers to bills
which have been sent to the Senate from the
House.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Very well
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia moves to amend the amendment
by adding "and also a proposition to abolish
the duty on sugar."
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, a,division was called for;
and the ayes were twenty-four.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays. This is evidently an attempt to load
down the coal bill, and do nothing.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely desire to say
that this proposition means that we shall not
abolish the duty on coal and salt. That is all
it means.
™,r- MORTON. Is discussion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted yeas 17, nays 32; as follows:
~T^e®srsi ™-me^ Anthony, Brownlow,
Chandler, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michi-
eflv'Iamiiton of Maryland, Harlan, Lewis, Morrill
V\ckfr?rdfet-17.ra"- RamSey- KiCe" Sc0tt'
oSrM.essrf,-BIair- Buckingham, Cald-
Cole, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Tnhn}!£n v hCXas,}}am 1 i n. ii i 11. Hitchcock, Howe,
? i SSV y' Logan, Osborn, Patterson,
o rt5?,n,®cllurz' Stevenson, Stew-
Wiifn; ekton Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
"J1!-0?, and Wmdom—32.
¥ls.3r?^ Boren«">. Cameron, Carpenter,
n« Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry
SfnV?dP^f^rU- \lana£!«i, Frelinghnysen. Gilbert,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Sprague, and West—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The question
now, as I understand it, is upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to lay
the a,nendment uP°n the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That carries the
the whole resolution with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By a resolu-
tion that, we adopted and acted upon at the
last session any amendment can be laid upon
the table.
J. he VICE PRESIDENT. That only refers
to appropriation bills.
*1. LING. This motion would carry
the whole resolution on the table.
