930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Chair will decide that no motion can be enter-
tained while that was the condition of things.
Mr. HARLAN. Surely that is right; while
the Senate is dividing no other business can
be interposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will divide the Senate on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President  
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion to go into
executive session is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the consent of the
Senate, before'the vote is announced, to make
a single statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it relate to this
subject, or is it, personal to yourself?
Mr. MORTON. It is not personal to my-
self. It lelates to this subject; that is to say,
the importance of going into executive session,
not connected with the business we had up
yesterday, but another matter which can only
be explained in executive session, and which,
I think, would command the assent of the
Seriate. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it is quite
right to say even that in open session. There
is a rule which provides that if there is a
special reason for anything of that kind the
galleries shall be cleared while it is being dis-
cussed ; so that the Senator cannot state any-
thins; about it in open session.
Mr. MORTON. I have not stated anything
about the character of the business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the request of the Senator irom
Indiana to be allowed to make a statement?
Mr. CONKLING. He has made his state-
ment.
will change my vote and
I "will change my vote and
Mr. COLE.
vote "yea."
Mr. WILSON.
vote "yea."
Mr. ORAGIN. I vote "yea."
Mr. CONKLING. I did not vote, but
with a knowledge of what is referred to, I vote
" nay."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Having some knowledge
also of what is referred to, 1 change my vote,
and vote " nay."
Mr. CAS3ERLY. On the ground of the
same knowledge, I vote "yea."
Mr. SHERMAN. I vote " nay."
Mr. WILSON. On reflection, I will vote
"nay."
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I vote in the
negative.
Mr. WILSON. While the vote is being
counted I ask unanimous consent to withdraw
from a committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What committee is that?
Mr. WILSON. I was appointed on a com-
mission, created according to law, to go to
"West Point, the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] and myself. I ask to be excused
from serving upon it, and ask that the vacancy
be filled by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing
is in order while the Senate is dividing, but if
there be no objection the Chair will put the
question. The Senator from Massachusetts
asks unanimous consent to be excused from
service on a commission appointed to visit
West Point, and that the Chair be authorized
to fill the vacancy. If there be no objection
the Senator will be excused, and the Senator
fioin Indiana [Mr. Morton" ] appointed in his
place.
The result of the vote oil the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business was announced—yeas 17,
nays 20; as follows:
YEAS--Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Blair, Casserly,
Corbett, Irelinghuysen, Harlan, Morton, Schurz,
Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man. Wirtdom, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Caldwell, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cragin. Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe. Nye, Osborn, Sawyer, Sherman, Spen-
cer. and Wilson—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Boremau, Brownlovv,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter. Chandler. Coop-
er, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
lin, Johnston, Ivcllogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine. Morriil of Vermont. Patterson. Pom-
eroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
West—33.
FfNAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. CONKLING. I move now—and I will
give the-motion such a form as Senators prefer—•
that the Senate adjourn sinedie. I think that
is a proper motion ; but if any Senator prefers
it I will move to take up the resolution fixing
the hour of adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. Is that a debatable ques-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is. The
Senator from New York now moves that the
Senate adjourn sine die.
Mr. THURMAN. That is amendable, I
presume?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend by
striking out all after the word " resolved " in
that verbal motion and inserting the following:
Tha* the President of the Senate, at seven o'clock
p. m. this day. shall declare the Senate adjourned
without day.
Mr. SUMNER. Why put it off until then?
Mr. THURMAN. If we can get through
before that time we can adjourn sine die; but
I do not want to fix it earlier than that and
have the session talked out without doing any-
thing.
Mr. CONKLING. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, and then I move
to amend the resolution myself. I move to
strikeout "seven o'clock" and insert, "five
o'clock."
Mr. THURMAN. That is the same as
adjourning sine die now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York accepts the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, and moves to sub-
stitute five o'clock for seven o'clock, which is
in order.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to state
from what I know that I believe it is the duty
of the Senate to go into executive session upon
a matter that I think will take but a very short
time, and if the doors were closed, and I could
state to the Senate in five minutes what it was,
1 think there would be very few Senators here
who would disagree with me.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the doors be
closed to enable the Senator from Indiana to
make his statement.
Mr. NYE. Why not discuss it in open
session? That is the rule now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana has stated that there are
subjects which require a secret session of the
Senate, and according to the rule he is enti-
tled to have the galleries cleared and the doors
closed. The Sergeant-at-Arms will clear the
galleries and close the doors.
executive session.
The doors were thereupon closed and the
galleries cleared. After thirty minutes spent
in executive session the doors were reopened
at live o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. CONKLING. I now renew the motion
for an adjournment sine die, fixing the time at
half past five o'clock instead of at five o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Has the Senator the
floor ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York made a motion, and the
Senator* from Ohio rose to debate it.
Mr. CONKLING. But that was not after
the doors were opened.
Mr. THURMAN. That does not make any
difference.
Mr. CONKLING. Suyely the Senator can-
not retain the floor on the motion which he
made himself before the doors were opened.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Ohio is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Ohio if he will allow me to offer
a resolution which I hold in my hand, and to
which I think there will be no objection?
Mr. THURMAN. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That a committee of two Senators be
appointed to wait upon the President and inform
him that, unless he may havo some further com-
munication to make, the Senate is now ready to close
its present session by an adjournment without day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio yield for that resolution ?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; not now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio declines to yield.
Mr. THURMAN. Now," Mr. President, the
question is just this; and I believe I have a
right to discuss it without a violation of the
rule, because I shall not say anything at all
about what is in the treaty or in any document.
I can say what I have to say just as well in
open session as in secret session, if I do not
reveal anything that occurred in secret ses-
sion. The question is, whether or not the Sen-
ate shall shut the door upon this information,
whether it will gag itself. The Senator from
New York says that you leave it to the discre-
tion of the President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. So do I.
Mr. THURMAN. Makeyour pointof order.
ThePRESIDENTpj-o toajwe. The Senator
from Vermont rises to a point of order, which
he will state.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order is that
it is not in order for the Senator from Ohio
to discuss while the doors are open the pro,-
priety or the impropriety of removing any seal
of secrecy from the proceedings of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the point of order of the Senator from
Vermont is well taken. Although it is in order
to discuss while the doors are open the general
subject of removing the injunction of secrecy
from executive proceedings, it is not in order to
refer to any matter which has been exclusively
treated in executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. Then, Mr. President,
the question is whether or not we will fix half
past five o'clock, that is, about three minutes
from now, for the final adjournment of this
session. That is the motion that is now made,
that at half past five o'clock, just about three
minutes from now, the Presiding Officer shall
adjourn,the session of the Senate without day.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator to allow
me to submit a resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I give way for that pur-
pose.
thanks to tub president pro tempore.
Mr. B&.YARD. I offer the following reso-
lution, and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Hon, Henry B.Anthony,
of Rhode Island, for the courtesy and ability with
which he has performed his duties as President of
the Senate pro tempore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Scott
in the chair) put the question on the resolu-
tion, and it was adopted unanimously.
final adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio yield?
