230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
March 22,
that would fix a different time of adjournment
than to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It would not be. The
Chair would not hold it to be a question of priv-
ilege until the time had passed. The House
has sent, a resolution to the Senate proposing
to adjourn to-morrow at twelve o'clock noon.
Until that time has expired, and the House is
advised of the action or non action of the Sen-
ate, the Chair would hold that another resolu-
tion of that kind was not a question of priv-
ilege, because the House has adopted and sent
to the Senate, and has reconsidered and laid
on the table the vote by which it was adopted,
a proposition to adjourn to-morrow at twelve
o'clock noon. It is not a matter of courtesy
to the Senate until the time has expired with-
in which it may act on that resolution to in-
troduce another resolution on the same ques-
tion, and the Chair would not hold it to be
a question of privilege until that time has
expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House is not offi-
cially informed, but it is unofficially informed,
that the Senate has laid our resolution on the
table.
The SPEAKER. If the Senate acts on the
resolution the House will of course be officially
informed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I say that we are
unofficially informed that the Senate has laid
our resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution would be
a question of privilege under ordinary circum-
stances, but at the present time the Chair does
not hold that it is so.
order op business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness Coring the morning hour, now running, is
first the call of committees for reports. The list
of committees having been called through, the
next business in order during the morning hour
is the call of States, beginning with the State
of Maine, for resolutions, &c.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. Is not the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution usually called
among the committees? The morning hour
has not yet expired, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
not expired ; but the pending question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] that the House now adjourn.
Mr. KENDALL. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his motion to adjourn,
I desire to ask unanimous consent 
The SPEAKER. The regular order has
been called for, and the lirst question is upon
the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 74, noes 79.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BECK called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-four
ayes.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in J;he affirmative—yeas 91, nays 86,
not voting 50 5 as follows :
Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Beck, Biggs, Bird. Jiitnos G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell. Carroll, Cobb
CominRA, Critobor, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eld-
-%-;i'?hlabiTl!'Shorter. Garrett, GeU.Golladay,
(xrmilh, Hale, llainbletonjlnndley, Harper, George
Harris, John T. Harris, Ilibbard, Ilolman, Kerr
King, Kui&ell , Lamiw)o, Leaeh, Lewis, Marshall
MoClelhtuii, AleOormiok, MeCrsiry. Mellenry, Mc-
Jntyro, McJunkin, McKimiey, MeNcely, Benjamin
1«. Meyers, Morgan, Morphis, Nibiaok, Eii Perrv,
Peters, HfiiKlall, Road, Edward Y. Hice, John M.
Rice, Kitehie.Wiiham 11. llobcrfs, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Scofield, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sliober,
blater, bloeum, Sloss, Snyder, R. Mil!on Speer, Ste-
vens. Storm, Swann, Syphor. Taffo, Terry, Tuthili,
Jfaa lrump, Yaugiian, Waddell, Wliittliorue, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Wood, and Young—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bing-
ham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin *. Batler,
Goburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton, Creely, DawejuPe
Large, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell, LfW&s,
Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Halsey, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton,
Hereford,Hill,Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,Kendall, Lam-
port, Landing, Manson, Maynard, JVIereur, Merriam,
Monroe, Moore, Packard, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker,
Pendleton, Piatt, Poland, Price. Rainey. Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabar-
ger, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas
J. Speer, Sorague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell,
Thomas. Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Wakeman, Walden, W aid r o n, W al 1 a c e, W a lis,
Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arthur, Banks,
Barber, Barry, llodorick R. Butler, Clarke, Cox,
Crebs. Crossland, Darrall, Edwards, Farnsworth,
Henry D. Faster, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hanks,
ilarmer, Havens, John W. Hazleton, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, Lowe, Lynch, Medrcw, MeKee, Merrick,
Mitchell, Morey. Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr,
Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Porter, Potter, Prindie, Sessions, Shoemaker,
Wortnington C. Smith. St. John. Sutherland, Dwight
Townsend, Upson, Voorhees, Warren, and Win-
chester—60.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the vote on
the motion to adjourn,
enrolled joint resolutions signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled the follow-
ing joint resolutions; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 29, changed to
an act) to authorize the commissioners to
revise the statutes to print their reports ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 31) granting the
right to erect a monument to Professor Morse
on a Government reservation.
leave to print.
Mr. STORM asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have printed in the Globe some
remarks he had prepared upon the question of
repealing the duty on coal and salt. [See
Appendix.]
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. MORGAN was granted leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Frederick Freuden-
berg.
Mr. ARTHUR was granted leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House the
papers in the ease of E. A. Thompson, of Cov-
ington, Kentucky, for indemnity for damage
to his property during the war.
The vote on the motion to adjourn was then
announced as above recorded.
Accordingly (at one o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. m.) the Honse adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William B. West, late United States
consul at Dublin, for compensation for extra
services performed by him as consul.
By Mr. BUNNELL: A memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking for an amend-
ment of the homestead act.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Min-
nesota, in relation to the preemption laws of
1870.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Min-
nesota, in relation to the Blue Earth river.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of Fales,
Jenks & Sons, for increase of duty to sixty
per cent, ad valorem on all importations of
machinery manufactured in part or in whole
of iron or steel.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition of
Nancy Hendricks, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of George
Orotnpton, of Worcester, Massachusetts, and
others, manufacturers of machinery, for pro-
tection.
By Mr. KERR: The remonstrance of the
American Free-Trade League, remonstrating
against the repeal of the duties on tea and
coffee, and representing that such repeal would
deprive the Government of over $13,000,000
of revenue, and therefore render difficult the
repeal of other far more burdensome duties,
which yield but little revenue to the Govern-
ment at a very much heavier cost to the peo-
ple. That the true object of revenue reform
is, not to repeal duties which are levied for
revenue, and under which all the money taken
from the people is received by the Govern-
ment, and contributes to pay those expenses
which the people must in some form bear, but
to reform the tariff so as to repeal those duties
which yield little revenue, and tax the people
heavily to support favored monopolies. They
also represent that the money which is taken
from the people, by the duties on tea and cof-
fee, is received by the Government, but that
the duties on iron, lumber, blankets, coal,"
salt, take many millions from the people, of
which only a very small portion is received by
the Treasury, the larger part going as tribute
to favored manufacturers. Thus, of about
$21,000,000 increased cost to the people
caused by the duty on pig iron, the Govern-
ment received only about $1,500,000; the
balance, $19,000,000, the owners of blast fur-
naces obtained. The Government receives no
revenue from blankets, yet the duties on them
of one hundred and thirty-five per cent, en-
able the manufacturers in this country to
extort from the people $2 25 on every pair
sold in the country over and above what the
same goods can be imported for free of duty.
This is a tax paid by every individual in the
United States, and, while it yields no reve-
nue, is more burdensome to the people than
the taxes on tea and coffee, which produce
$13,000,000 per annum. Accurate statistics,
carefully collected by ex-Commissioner Wells,
show that a family of six persons will consume
in a year, of coffee, thirty six pounds, the duty
upon which, at three cents per pound, is
§108; of tea, six pounds, the duty upon
which, at fifteen cents per pound, is ninety
cents. The whole burden is therefore only
$1 98; while the tax on a single pair of blank-
ets is $2 25. Each adult, therefore, pays more
taxes on a pair of blankets than a family of
six persons pays on its tea and coffee during
a whole year. The tax on a laboring man's
suit of clothes amounts to fully fifteen dollars,
or seven times the sum paid by a family of six
persons on its whole annual consumption of
tea and coffee. The remonstrants further show
that if the duties on carpets, pig and refined
iron, thread, common window glass, paint,
lumber, blankets, clothing, leather, were re-
pealed, the loss to the revenue would be about
the same as the loss occasioned by the repeal
of the duties on tea and coffee ; but the saving
to the people would be in the case of tea and
coffee only $13,000,000; whereas the repeal
of the duties on pig and refined iron alone
would relieve them from a burden of over
$75,000,000. They therefore pray that Con-
gress will not abolish those duties which keep
up grievous monopolies that oppress the peo-
ple, and violate every principle of right and
justice, and leave undisturbed equitable du-
ties, like those upon tea and coffee.
By Mr. KETCHAM: A memorial from
19 manufacturers of fur goods of New York
city, asking for an increase of the tariff on fur.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 88 citi-
zens ot Columbia county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the enactment of such laws as will
prevent the wholesale shipment of coolie
laborers into the United States.
Also, the petition of James H. Fellows and
Orrm E. Bartlett, of Alba, Bradford county,
Pennsylvania, praying that the reports of the
Commissioner of Patents be published as
heretofore.
