234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the discussion that is going on is not out
of order.
Mr. SUMNE($. Very well; let the resolu-
tion be read, then.
' Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the Chair
be so kind as to state distinctly t.o the Senate
what ia the question before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether the Senate resolution offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts shall be
received.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky.. What is that
resolution ?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I object
to it, whatever it is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The Senator
cannot make point-nopoint,; he must make a
point upon a distinct proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator from New York is not out
of order.
Mr. THURMAN. I call the attention of the
Senator from New York to this: he is per-
fectly logical in what he says, upon his inter-
pretation of the rulo there can be no Senate
resolution offered; but suppose the resolu-
tion that the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to offer, of which we now know nothing,
is a resolution rescinding the resolution we
adopted yesterday, would not that be in order?
Mr. CONKLING. When a Senator sends
to the Chair a resolution to rescind this rule,
and so declares, no Senator will make the
point of order which I am making now.
Mr. BLAIR rose with a Globe in his hand.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
wants to read what the Vice President said
yesterday.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Had the Senator been
in the Chamber a moment ago he would have
heard it read by another Senator. I will yield
to liim to read it again if he wishes to read it.
But for being interrupted by so many Senators,
I should have made the point of order and
resumed my seat a long time ago. I believe
I have the recognition of the Chair to state
my point of order, and therefore I submit that
the resolution now offered by the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts cannot be received under the
rule adopted by the Senate yesterday, without
unanimous consent, and I remark that if any
inadvertent reply—it must have been without
examination of the rule—made yesterday by
the then Presiding Officer, shall in any respect
constrain or embarrass the present occupant
of the chair, I shall ask to have this question
submitted to the Senate; because I feel con-
fident, without disrespect to any other mem-
ber of the body, and without wishing to incom-
mode any other member, that we have adopted
a rule the essence and purpose of which is to
iuterrupt and prevent such proceedings as are
now proposed. Therefore I submit the point
of order to the Chair; and unless the Chair,
despite of what has been read from the Globe,
feels free in maintaining the ruling which has
already been made, I shall ask that the ques-
tion be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER.. Mr. President, I did not
read all from the Globe. I find that the Vice
President proceeded at length, after a word
from the Senator from California, [Mr. Cas-
serly,] who said "it might be inconvenient to
shut out Senate resolutions," to add:
" In tho opinion of the Chair, as at present advised,
this resolution, if agreed to, would not shut out res-
olutions to be agreed to by the Senate without the
concurrence of the other House, and perhaps not
tho.se that go to tho other House for printing extra
copies of reports. The Chair thinks that those are
not to be considered legislative propositions, as they
are not tent to the President ot the United States.
The question now recurs on tho amendment, of the
Senator from Illinois as amended, and the Senator
from New York [Air. Coxkmxo] desired it to be
reported. It will bo read."
It will be perceived, therefore, Mr. President,
that this question has been distinctly passed
upon by the ('hair; and it was with that un-
derstanding that the resolution was adopted,
adopted after this ruling of the Chair ; and
now, on the day after, are we to interpolate an
additional limitation which is not expressed in
the text, and to interpolate that against the
positive ruling of the Chair, and to interpolate
it, too, against the time-honored usages of the
Senate which do not incline to the limitation
either of debate or of proceedings in the Sen-
ate. I submit, therefore, that a Senate res-
olution contemplating no legislative action,
and not to go to the House of Representatives
or to the President, is not, in the contem-
plation of the resolution adopted yesterday,
"legislative business," and that it therefore
is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I did
not know when that extraordinary resolution
was passed yesterday that it would so soon
come back to plague its supporters. At the
very outset, it seems, it is in the way. Now, I
submit that there is no question of order in-
volved in that resolution at all. It is not a
rule of the Senate; it is not adopted as a rule
of the Senate ; it is a mere order of the Sen-
ate that no other business than certain speci-
fied business shall be considered. That is no
more than an order of the Senate making a
particular subjecta special order for oneo'clock
to-morrow, and when we come to that time
that particular subject will be considered a
special order; but suppose a majority of the
Senate say they will consider something else,
what becomes of your special order, or your
orders here frequently that nothing shall be
considered but a particular subject by direct-
ing that that particular subject shall be con-
sidered at a certain hour or a certain time?
That of course excludes everything else ; but
it is always within the control of a majority of
the Senate.
It is no question of order, in my judgment,
that the Chair has anything to do with. Any
member can offer a resolution, and if a major-
ity of the Senate support it, the resolution of
yesterday is so far rescinded. It may be the duty
of the Chair to give precedence to the particular
subjects mentioned in the resolution, just as it
would to a special order made by the Senate.
That is all there is in it; but it was never held
to be out of order, because a special order was
assigned for one o'clock on a particular day,
for a Senator to move to postpone that special
order and take up something else, to move to
proceed to the consideration of another subject.
The Chair ruled that the special order came
up at one o'clock. That is all the Chair ruled;
but it did not bind the Senate not to take up
anything else if it thought proper to do so. Is
there anything more in this? It is a simple
resolution declaring that nothing but a certain
subject shall be considered by the Senate, and
iu legal effect it is precisely like setting down
a particular subject as a special order, or like
the order which the Senator from Michigan
gets adopted every session, "that next Friday
shall be devoted exclusively to business from
the Committee on Commerce." Now, how
often has that been so in this body, and when
"next Friday" came the Senate thought it
better to go on with some other business and
did not do it? Did thatorder " that next Fri-
day should be devoted to the business of the
Committee on Commerce" prevent a majority
of the Senate from doing something ebe?
Never ; and if this resolution was to have the
construction contended for by the Senatorfrom
New York we never could pass an adjourn-
ment, resolution, and we must be here per-
petually. In my judgment, it has no such
effect; and whether the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts shall be received or
not is a question that the Senate can decide,
and decide it by a majority either one way or
the other; and if he asks leave to introduce a
bill or a resolution, there are our rules which
govern us. But this is not a rule; it is not
adopted as a rule; it is a mere order of the
Senate. Our rules can only bo changed iu a
particular way, and this is not one of those
ways. We have a regular rule here that reso-
lutions may be received, and the only mode of
changing that rule is by giving notice of an
intention to change it and referring to the par-
ticular rule. That has not been done at all.
This does not come here in the nature of a
rule. It is nothing more than an order that
has been adopted a thousand times by the
Senate and changed as many times afterward.
I insist that there is no question of order
about it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have not
the slightest doubt in ray mind that the ruling
of the Chair is entirely correct. It seems to
me a proposition so clear and so plain that no
Senator here would rise in his place to debate
it, and if I had not- long ceased to be surprised
at anything that could take place here in the
matter of debate I should be surprised.
Now, sir, the plain meaning of the resolution
adopted yesterday, which I hold in my hand,
is a rule for the action of the Senate at this ses-
sion of Congress. That is just what it is. No
casuistry, no sophistry can take it away. That
is just what the Senate meant when they
adopted the resolution. Drawn, I think, sir,
by yourself and with a knowledge of parlia-
mentary law exceeded perhaps by no Senator
upon this floor, you, allow me to say, have
drawn it with wonderful accuracy to meet the
necessities of the case. Let us see. "No
legislative business," except the things enum-
erated, shall be considered at this session.
What is the business of the Senate? It is
divided into two classes, legislative and exec-
utive. Now, sir, every act, no matter how
simple, how unimportant it may be, that is not
executive is legislative. The resolution by its
terms fixes the rule under which we act clear,
plain, and positive as language can make it.
We have now a resolution before the Sen-
ate, and the Senator from Illinois says that is
not legislative business. It is not executive.
What is it ? I say there are but two classes.
But let us see.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to ask him if a motion to
adjourn is executive business?
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, I will not answer such
a question. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very convenient
not to answer it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does the Senator exist?
I would ask him to answer me that question
and expect an answer just as readily. Let us
look at the language of this resolution : " no
legislative business." Here comes a resolu-
tion of the Senate before us. Follow along:
"No other legislative business than the deficiency
appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution for a
joint committee of investigation into the condition
of the States lately in insurreotion, and the resolu-
tion now pending."
_ It is a resolution, and it is a Senate resolu-
tion, and it requires action here precisely as
this resolution that we have brought before us.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
Maine allow me to ask him a question ? Sup-
pose the resolution of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is a resolution asking for informa-
tion to be communicated to the Senate in
executive session, and therefore relates to
executive business?
Mr. HAMLIN. Then it must be offered in
executive session, and would there be in order.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that so?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly. This, then, is
the precise view: it seems to me the fair con-
struction to give to that resolution. I voted
for it, certainly, under the understanding that
no business save the subjects enumerated in
it, and that which might meet the unanimous
assent of the Senate, would be considered here,
and I did not suppose we should have any
question put, in here which might take up a
very large portion of our time and exclude
us from the consideration of the precise and
enumerated subjects to which the Senate said
