286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
message from the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. mcpherson, its Clerk, announced
■that the House had passed a resolution provid-
ing for the adjournment of the House, with
-the cons nt of the Senate, from Monday next,
until the 1st of December next at eleven
o'clock a. in., in the following words:
Whereas the Senate has adopted a resolution de-
claring "that the Senate will consider at the present
session no other legislative business than the defici-
ency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution
for a joint committee of investigation into the con-
dition of the States lately in insurrection, and the
resolution now pending instructing the Committee
on the Judiciary to report a bill or bill3 that "will
enable the President and the courts of the United
States to execute the laws in said States, and tiie
report that maybe made by the Committee on the
♦Tudiciary on that subject," thereby refusing to con-
sider any business which may originate in the House
of Representatives, therefore.
Resolved, (tho Senatepermitting,) That this House
will adjourn, when it adjourns on Monday nest,
untill thefirst Monday of Deeembernext, at eleven
o'clock a. m.
PKOTECTiON Of LIFE, ETC., AT TIIK SOUTH.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Jlr. Sher-
man on the IGth instant:
Resolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
lato rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths and secret obligations, n re proven
to exist in the State of North Carolina, and have, by
force, terror, and violence, defied civil amhority in
that State, and by organized perjury have rendered
the courts powerless to punish the crimes they have
committed, thus overthrowing the safety of person
and property, and the rights which are (he primary
basis of civil government, and which are guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States to all its
citizens; and as there is good reason to believe that
similar organizations exist, and have produced sim-
ilar results in many partsof the late insurrectionary
States; therefore, the Judiciary Committee is in-
structed to repoit a bill or bills to enabio the Presi-
dent and the courts of the United States to execute
the laws, punish and prevent such organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens the rights so guaran-
tied to them.
Mr. SCOTT resumed, and concluded his
speech commenced yesterday. [It will be
published in the Appendix.]
During the delivery of Mr. Scott's speech
the following message was leceived from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
A condition of aff.iirs now exists in borne of the
states oi the Union rendering life and property inse-
care, andthecarryingof'tbemailsand the collection
of the revenue aangerous. The proof that such a
condition of affairs exists in some localities is now
before the Senate. That the power to correct these
evils is beyond the control oi'the State authorities I
t° 'V? • t,llafc t'lc P°wer of the Executive ot
the United Slates, acting within the limitsof existing
laws, is sufficient for present emergencies is not clear,
■therefore I urgently recommend such legislation as
!?<■ udgment of Coogre33 shall effectually secure
liie, liberty, and property, and the enforcement of
in legislation or a ratified treaty, the employment
of the Aavy in the maintenance of the Government
there is without any excuse of national defense, as
also, without any cxcuse of a previous declaration
oi war by Congress.
Utaolveil, That in any proceedings for the aequisi-
ot part ot the island ot St. Domingo, whatever
may be its temptations of soil, climate, and produc-
tions, there must be no exercisc ot influence by supe-
rior iorce, nor any violation ot Public Law, whether
international or constitutional; and therefore the
present proceedings, which have been conducted at
gieat cost ot money, under the constant shadow of
superior force, and through the belligerent inter-
oup .acting in violation of Inier-
«Vi ,unitli},lDg,w witll0Ul an act of
Congrcs^, mijbt be abandoned, to the end that justice
may be maintained and that proceedings so hostile
tbe?£uu"e^riUC: 8 may example tor
n/fhTPj-'ts\nSTiad of See,kh!s to part
oi the island of St. Domingo by belligerent inter-
vention, wirbout the authority of an act of Or n
gross, it would hare been in better accord with the
^Principles of our Kepublic, and its mission of peace
arid beneficence, had our Government, in the spirit
of good neighborhood and by friendly action in-
stead of belligerent lnteivention, striven for tho
establishment of tranquillity throughout the whole
island, so tnat the internal dimensions of Dominica
and its disturbed relations with Hiiyti might be
Drought to a close, thus obtaining th.it security
3> • U ',s -llle Condition of prosperity, all of
much, being in the nature of good offices, would
navo been without any violation of International
ij&w, and without any usurpation of War Powers
under tho Constitution of the United States.
law in all parts of the United States. It may be
expedient to provide thatsuch law as shall be passed
in pursuance of this recommendation shall expire
at the end of the next session of Congress, There
is no other subject on which I would recommend
legislation during the present session.
0. S. GRANT.
washington, d, c„ March 23,1871.
Mr. C0NKLINQ. I move that the message
lie on the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
detain the Senate for a short time for the pur-
pose of answering the Senator from Kentucky,
[ill-. Stevenson,] who I am sorry is not now
in his seat, in reference to the act of the Post-
master General taking the mail off the line from
Louisville to Lexington, in that State. And
in saying what I shall say in vindication of the
Postmaster General it becomes necessary for
me, in the first place, very briefly to review tho
condition of Kentucky as it is presented by the
evidence before me.
The Senator from Kentucky, in his remarks
last Saturday, used the following language:
" Perhaps during the last three and a half years
that I administered the affairs ofthe government of
that State half a dozen instances of violence did
occur, not more."
I will remark that the three and a half years
of his administration that he speaks of ended
on the 13th of February last; and he says that
during that period there were half a dozen cases
of violence, "not more"—
"And what did they amount to? I know not of
any secret political organization in that State. I
know there are bad men in both parties; but I say,
as I hope to answer at the great bar of God, as I
would say at the bar as a witness, that there is no
such organization in Kentucky composed of sixty
men, throughout the Commonwealth, and that I do
not believe it is political in its tendency."
He first says that during the three and a
half years ending on the 13th of February last
there were not to exceed half a dozen cases of
violence, and that there were not concerned in
these cases of violence to exceed sixty men
throughout the entire Commonwealth.
I desire to remark here that if he is correct
in that, the coudition of Kentucky is remark-
ably good ; that statement could be made of
but very few States in this Union. The Sen-
ator says further on :
"Mr. President, these outrages exist everywhere.
T admit frankly and freely that half a dozen in-
stances occurred in Kentucky while I was Governor
of the State which gave me great pain. Bad men,
whoso politics were unknown to me, did go secretly,
sometimes masked, and attempt to offer indignity to
negroes; bnt I say thatsuch things were confined to
a mere neighborhood, were wholly-inconsiderable in
numbers, and the political complexion of the parties
was unknown. I state further, upon my own in-
formation, that no outrages received prompter or
more indignant reprobation than those did from the
distinguished and gallant men who were in the con-
federate service."
Mere neighborhood affairs, inconsiderable in
number, and the reiteration of the statement
of but six cases in three and a half years, less
than two cases per annum! Now, I submit to
the distinguished Senator that if he is correct
in his statement in regard to the condition of
affairs in Kentucky there was no occasion for
him to send to the Legislature of Kentucky the
two messages from which I will read. If he
is right in his statement now, he was all wrong
in bis messages. If he was right in his alle-
gations in the messages, he is all wrong now.
From this conclusion there is no possible es-
cape. I am not calling in question at all his
sincerity, but I shall compare the statement
that he has made on this floor with the message
that he sent to the Legislature of Kentucky, I
believe on the 27th day of January last; and I
ask the attention of the Senate to the language
of that message;
"During and immediately following the war Ken-
tucky, from its geographical position as a border
btate, was subjected to a more severe ordeal from
tbis cause than her neighbors, and accordingly, dur-
ing the first years of my administration"—
Only three years and a half altogether, mind
you just now—
"ie ®rs' ~'ears °f my administration law-
lessness in some portions of the Commonwealth man-
ifested itself in formidable organization, which de-
fied the local authority, and perpetrated deeds of
open violence under tho pretext of regulating order
and punishing crime."
He here talks about formidable organiza-
tions that defied the local authority. That
does not sound like six cases in three and a
halfyears and only sixty men or less than sixty
men in all the Commonwealth concerned in
them, inconsiderable in numbers, as he says
and mere neighborhood affairs ! But lie goes
on in the message to say:
"By the use of the militia at my command, and
the exhibition of my firm purposo to suppress sach
practices at all hazards, tranquillity was n-srorecl
and there has not been for some time in tho local-
ities which had suffered from such lawlessness any
demonstrations having tho semblance of organized
resistance of tho law. Still, in various portions ot
the State, there have been committed by lawless
persons, acting in bodies generally under cover of
night and sometimes in disguise, acts of violence
upon individuals, either wholly innocent of offense
or only subjects of criminal prosecution through the
courts, most of which class of violators of the law
have escaped detection and punishment."
Now, I submit that taking together the
whole ^extract from his message it sounds
more like half a thousand cases than half a
dozen cases ia three years and a half. He
speaks of having called out the militia, of law-
less violence that defied the civil authorities,
and he goes on further to say that as the law
then stood in Kentucky, I believe on the 27th
of January last, he had no power to preserve
the peace in Kentucky. But I will read his
language :
"The other agency at my command, in the sup-
pression of violence or in the execution of the law
is through the militia of the State. In its use I am,
however, quite as much restricted as m the matter
of proclamations. My authority extends no further
than to order out the militia of a county, upon the
application of the local authority setting forth the
necessity of their use in support of the civil power,
or in case of immiuent danger of riot. Tho same
authority is vested in the judges of the various
courts and the sheriffs and mayors of cities. Upon
•several occasions, when applied to, I have ordered
outtheloealmilitia. butwithoutauthority, in ordin-
ary cases, to act, except in response to the call of
the local officers charged with the execution of the
laws._ Little good has resulted in these latter cases,
save m the moral effect of such demonstrations.
What is the most efficient remedy for the sup-
pression of these growing evils rests exclusively with
yon Whether in the establishment ofawcll-organ-
lzed police system, under an efficient head, or in
some other way, rau^t be determined by the law-
making power. Iamquitesurethatno measure can
be completely succ ssiul without conferring upon
the Executive additional discretionary power, in any
sudden emergency, to act where the public security
requires it."
Here, in view of the condition of Kentucky,
he asks that extraordinary powers ofa military
enaracter shall be conferred upon hiin. I ask
how that compares with the declaration on this
floor ot only half a dozen cases in three and a
half years:
"In this connection I desire to repeat my sugges-
tions, as set forth m previous communications, of
the absolute necessity of a thorough reorganization
of the militia as an important adjunct in theenforce-
mentof law."
1 he condition of Kentucky is such that there
mustbea reorganization of the militia to main-
tain the public peace. The Senator talks in
this message of crimes that defy the civil
power, that require the military power; and
he speaks of these growing evils; ay, that i3
the language he uses, " these growing evils.''
What was the character of the crimes that the
Governor of Kentucky refers to in this mes-
sage? He does not mention their character,
but I will tell the Senate what 1 understand
the character of these crimes to be. It is the
shooting, and the hanging, and the whipping
of negroes all over that State, with more in-
difference than dogs are shot and whipped.
Then, Mr. President, if I judge from the
message of the distinguished Senator while
acting as Governor of Kentucky, he confirms
all that has been said by the Louisville Courier-
Journal; he confirms all that has been said
in the public prints for the last eighteen months
in regard to murder, crime, and outrage of
every kind in the State of Kentucky. It comes
in aid of that great volume of evidence that
pours in upon the country frcm day to day
