1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
from the public papers of Kentucky, and that
comes from other sources.
The Senator from Ohio the other day read
an extract from the Louisville Courier Journal
setting forth the condition of Kentucky. He
also read an extract from a charge to the grand
jury delivered in Frankfort only about three
weeks ago, in which Judge Pryor recognized
the (act that there was ail armed organisation
in Kentucky that passed judgment at dead of
night and that murder was executed in pursu-
ance of those judgments, and calling upon the
grand jury of that county to investigate, and
iiWo calling upon the Legislature to interpose
its power for the protection of life and property
in the State of Kentucky.
The Senator from Kentucky laughs. It may
be a subject of laughter; I hardly think so;
but I will say to that Senator 
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman will
allow me to say that I was neither laughing at
him nor at the fact. Iam incapable of laugh-
ing at crime or murder anywhere; but when
the gentleman shall have finished, believing
him to be a candid man, I will attempt to show
hiin by facts that he is mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. All right, sir; that is the
privilege of t&eSenator. lhope he will beable
to do it. ■ I hope he will be able to show that
he was mistaken when he sent that message to
the Kentucky Legislature and that he is right
now. He has iny prayers for the success
of his efforts.
Last night I received a copy of the Louis-
ville Courier-Journal of Monday last that con-
tains a charge delivered to the grand jury in
Shelby county only last week, and I will ask
the Secretary to read this charge of Judge
Bruce, I behevean eminent Democratic judge,
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
Louisville Courier Journal of March 20,1871:
"In the course of an impressive charge to tho grand
jury of Shelby county, delivered a few clays since,
judge H. W. Bruce alluded as follows to the recent
outrages committed in that neighborhood:
" * i shall now. gentlemen, call your attention to a
specific eiime, which, I have been pained to learn,
and am bure you are pained to know, has been com-
mitted in this county, in your very midst; ye*, in
the inidst of one of tho most intelligent and law-
abiding communities on this continent. But by
whom committed, or whenco tho dastardly and fiend-
ish perpetrators came, or whither they went, I liavo
not the slightest information. You already under-
stand me as alluding to the diabolical murder of
Jacob Lighter, but a short time since, within five
miles of this court-house. X understand that a
numerous party of men, perhaps it were better to
say fiends, came to his mother's house in tho dead
hour of night, decoyed him out of it, took him to
the woods, and hung him; then returned and had the
cruelty to crush his old mother's heart by telling her
■what they had done; and his murdered flead body
was accordingly found suspended, lifeless, to a tree,
as they had said.
"'.Now, I liuow this foul deed has been neither
countenanced nor approved by this community, but
has been condemned by this entire community as it
were with one voice. Yet it is a disgrace, not to this
community especially, but to the State, that such a
murderous ouirage should be committed here with
perfect immunity. Itisaburning disgrace totheciv-
ilization of this ago and country. So 1 charge you
specially, gentlemen.to give this foul crime a most
rigid and searching investigation. It necessary to
do so, remain in session duiing the whole term ot
this court; and if you feel tha.t you can give any tan-
gible and available information by it. you have the
right, and it is your duty, to summon as witnesses
betoro you every man, woman, and child in t!io
county—yes. even from the uttermost counties m
the State. Leave no stone unturned to discover the
fiendish perpetrators of this great crime. Under
your solemn o *ths you owe this not alone to your-
selves, but to this community, to the State at large,
and to humanity itself, crying throughout tho land
for protection from the midnight—yes, I am sorry to
say—and daylight assassin and murderer.
"'This same class of law-breakcrsandout lawshave
been committing other infamous outrages through-
out the country, which I am sorry the laws do not
denounce as telonious. They amount only t"> the
offense known by our law as assault and batteiy,
* punishable by fine and imprisonment in tho county
jail within the discretion of the trial jury, and
therefore by the law treated only as a misdemeanor.
But I am persuaded tliatcou'd a ease be made out
against one of their guilty perpetrators betorc an
intelligent Shelby county jury, his punishment, if
not condign, would at least be made exemplary. An
instance of this character of offense has recently
occurred in the neighborhood in which the murder
just adverted to was perpetrated. A band of these
cowardly and infamous wretches visited tho cabin
of an old defenseless negro, and without any provo-
cation whatsoever, as far as I can learn, took him
out of his humble home and beat him in a most mer-
ciless manner. This outrage, as the other, should
command your most earnest attention. If you can
get any clue to the guilty parties, follow it up with
the most thorough and searching investigation until
you discover and indict the criminals. This is the
most cowardly, fiendish, and unpardonable class of
criminals with which the State is cursed; and they
are generally called Ku IClux. They scom to have
some kind of organization. How they originated,
or of whom they are composed, I have never been
able to learn; nor what their paiticular object is I
am unable to divine, unless we infer it from thoir
acts.
"'I think it very likely that some well-meaning
but misguided pcrsonsmay oncohave been connected
with them, but I am sure that none such are now,
unless it is by intimidation and coercion. Their in-
famous acts seem4,0 be leveled at both white and
black citizens, though more frequently at tho latter,
because they are probably tho more helpless. Judg-
ing their characters and objects from their acts, I
■should infer that they are gonerally men of the most
abandoned characters: in other words, thieves, rob-
bers, and, murderers; and their objects, in part tho
gratification of a base, unmanly prejudice against
a generally peaceabfe, unoffending,and, to somoox-
tent, helpless portion of our population; but chiefly
plunder by stealing, and robbing whoever they can.
And in the accomplishment of these objects, I appre-
hend, they frequently think, in order to escapo de-
tection, it is necessary to commit tho horrible crime
of murder. It is not at all improbable that the poor
young man, Jacob Lighter, felt a victim to this bo-
lieved necessity on their part. '
" 'I amawaro that it is sometimes urged in justifica-
tion of lynch law, so called, that our laws are imper-
fect, and not properly exceuted. This is unquestion-
ably true and must needs be so. Our laws aro made
by fallible human legislators, expounded by fallible
human judges, and executed by fallible officers, and
it would be strango indeed if our laws wero not de-
fective and imperfectly executed. But this is no
excuse for violating them, such as they are. The
very worst law, is better than no, law. Lot ovory
man take tho vindication of his rights, tho redress
of grievances, and tho punishment of offenses into
his own hands, not regarding the laws ot tho land,
and what is the result? Each man arrayed in deadly
strife against the other 1 A universal war resulting
in extermination, unless arrested by establishment
and maintenance of some kind of law. Gentlemen,
every good citizen, of tho most ordinary capacity,
must see the necessity of observing, maintaining, a,ud
enforcing tho law. Address yourselves earnest tyaird
fearlessly to those grave, matters. Believing there is
no other subject to which I should call your special
attention, you can retiro to your room and enter
upon tho dischargo of your important and responsi-
ble duties.' "
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. If the honorable
Senator will permit me, I will say that the judge
who gave that charge was a rebel and was an
officer in the rebel army during the late rebel-
lion.
Mr. MORTON. If that is the case, I hope
that tho Democratic Senators, our friends on
the other side, will have no hesitation in believ-
ing what he says to be true.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I do not hesitate
to believe that what he says is true.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator admits that
what Judge Bruce says is true ; and what does
he say? He recognizes the existence of thi3
deadly, murderous organization, and he speaks
of it not as a single case, he speaks of it as a
great and crying evil, and he calls upon that
grand jury to exert all its power to crush an
organization that is blackening the good name
of Kentucky. If I had no other witness the
case is made out, and I should submit to my
distinguished friend [Mr. Stevenson] that that
does not sound like half a dozen cases occur-
ring in three years and a half. But I would
say to my Irietid further that in his message he
shows that he had called out the militia upon
several occasions without avail. If he had called
them out with success and had been a Repub-
lican instead of a Democratic Governor, he
would have been impeached as was Governor
Holden in North Carolina by this Democratic
Legislature, but he called them out, he says,
without success, and he asks for new and ior
extraordinary powers that he might be able to
enforce the laws.
Mr. President,- I have many extracts here
from Democratic papers in Kentucky recog-
nizing the state of tilings as it has been de-
scribed before, but I will not take the time of
the Senate. The evidence is overwhelming,
and now I come more especially to the case
of the action of the Post Office Department in
taking the mail off the road from Loui&ville
to Lexington. ■*
An assault was made upon a colored agent
at a little town called North Benson oh the
road from Louisville to Frankfort. It is a
very small place. I understand the salary of
the postmaster there last year was forty-four
dollars. There is no railroad crossing there;,
it is a flag statiou. The evidence read by the-
Senator the other day shows that the train only
stops there when it is signaled for a passen-
ger. Consequently the Government does not
keep any local mail agent there appointed by
the Postmaster General, as was stated not only,
I believe, by the Senator, but by a distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky in a letter published
in the papers the other day.
Mr. STEVENSON. The statement of the ,
adjutant general to me states that he was
either the postmaster or the mail agent.
Mr. MORTON. That is not material; I am
merely showing the character of the town. Aa
attempt was made to drag this mail agent, a
eolored man, from the cara by one of four
men ior the purpose of his assassination. The
Senator from Kentucky described that as a
very small affair, hardly amounting to the dig-
nity of an assault and battery.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg the Senator's
pardon. I considered it a very grave offense,
and the Senator has in his drawer now my
message to the Legislature in which I spoke
of it then, as I think it now, a most unjustifi-
able assault on the agent.
Mr. MORTON. I was only speaking of the
character of the offence as described by the
Senator here. The man, as he said, was un
armed that went on tho train, did not strike
the mail agent, as he understood, but merely
attempted to pull the agent out of the car,
turning out to be a very harmless assault and
battery. The question that I should like to
propound to tho Senator himself is, if the
offense was so trivial in character, why did he
at the time think it so important, as Governor
of Kentucky, to send a special message to the
Legislature? I fear that the offense in its
character has declined since that time, in the
opinion of the Senator.
Mr. STEVENSON. Byno means. Ithought
it a serious offense then; so much so that I-
dispatched the adjutant general of the State to
inquire into it; and when I got his report I
made it the subject of a special message to the
Legislature, showing, by my official act, what-
an enormity I considered it. I further advised,
the Legislature in that message, which the-
Senator has, that it was wholly unjustifiable,
atid that they owed it to the State to condemn-
it in the strongest style. I condemned it then,,
and I condemn it equally strongly now. And'
while I ain up, as there was something said
the other day about the official character of
the man whose testimony I produced, 1 have
now the "Official Register," showing that
Hodges is postmaster, and was an appointee
of the present Postmaster General; at least
he is so recorded in this book, the Blue Book
as it is called.
Mr. MORTON. I admit that the Governor
treated this as a very serious affair at the time.
Air. STEVENSON. And now.
Air. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to proceed? I shall not misrepresent him.
I contrast his representation of the offense at
the tune with his description of it on this floor ;
and what I mean to say is, that from his
description of il here the fact that no damage
was done, and the account given of it that it
was a very harmless assault and battery,
haidly amounted to the dignity of that offense,
and not at all calling for a special message.
Now, I wi^h to read what the Senator has said
in regard to the circumstances that led to this
attack. The Senator said :
"Some time in January it became necessary to
appoint a mail agent on this route from Louisville
to Lexington, and there were a number ot Federal
soldiers, worthy, upright men, in good standing in
