APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Tariff on Foreign Coal.
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff on Foreign Coal.
MEMORIAL* FROM A COMMITTEE OP
CITIZENS
Of Alleghany county, Maryland. appointed at
a public meeting in Cumberland, Maryland,
concerning the tariff on foreign coal im-
ported.
At> a large public meeting of the citizens of
Alleghany county, and others interested in
the question of duty on coal, now before Con-
gress, which assembled at Belvidere Hall on
Monday, the 10th January, 1870, the follow-
ing proceedings took place:
Considering that the repeal by Congress of the laws
imposing a duty on coal imported into the United
States from foreign countries would most injuriously
affect the interests of all classes of the citizens of
Alleghany county, it does not become a people
threatened with so grave a disaster to remain silent
and passive spectators of the proceedings of the Con-
gress of the tinited States on that subject.
The parties urging the repeal or reduction of this
coal duty a re active, energetic, and possessed of vast
means to further their designs. Weinviteconcerted
action and cooperation with our fellow-citizens of
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia, who are
identified with the great and growing coal interest
of the->e States, it being very clear that the repeal
or reduction of the duty on foreign coal would fall
most ruinously on the capital and labor embarked in
the coal operations of these States. It is, we firmly
believe, only necessary to have collected properly
and placed before Congress full information on the
subject, to insure the defeat of a measure which, it
is understood, has its origin in the unreasonable
demand of citiaens of the United States who have
invested largely in bituminousanrd semi-bituminous
coal land beyond the jurisdiction of the United
States, where the capital and labor they employ can-
not bo mad© to contribute toward the maintenance
of the public debt, and now ask Congress to enhance
the value of their investments by legislation, counter
to the long-established policy, which has for its ob-
ject the protection of our domestic industry against
foreign competition: Therefore,
Rrnolved, That the chairman of this meeting
appoint a committee of five to collect all required
Intormation on this subject, to be communicated to
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives, the Committee on Fmanee of the
Senate, and the members of Congress generally, in
such form as to the committee may seem most expe-
dient and conducive to the end this meeting has in
view.
In _ pursuance of this resolution the chairman
appointed the following as the committee: Francis
Thomas, chairman; A.C.Green, E. H. Tracey, J.
H. Gordon, G-eorge Henderson, jr.
On motion, the chairman of this meeting, Colonel
James M. Schley, was added to the committee.
On motion, it was
Jif8olvec/, That the proceedings of this meeting be
published in the newspapers of the county and of
the city of Baltimore.
JAMES M. SCHLEY, Chairman.
True copy: C. SLACK, Secretary.
The committee named in the above proceed-
ings respectfully represent fco the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
in Congress assembled that they do not feel
called upon to participate in that discussion
•which has so long occupied public attention
concerning the power of Congress, by levying
discriminating duties on importations to pro-
tect manufactures in this country. We do not
*See Congressional Globe, p. 30.
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 1.
avoid entering into such a discussion on ac-
count of any apprehension that the existence
of that power cannot be maintained, and the
immense advantage which the whole country
has derived from the exercise of that power by
the Congress of the United States to be eluci-
dated. We are delegated by the people of
Alleghany country, Maryland, for a specified
object. We come before Congress to explain
the relations of the community in which we
live to a legislative policy of the Government
of the United States, originated without refer-
ence to the pursuits and employments of those
we represent, long continued, and which it is
now proposed shall be suddenly abandoned.
More than forty years ago Congress, in ad-
justing duties on our foreign commerce, by a
law passed in 1824, imposed a duty equivalent
to $1 68 per ton on all importations of foreign
coal. This duty was continued without inter-
ruption until by an act of Congress passed in
1842 the duty on coal was placed at $1 75 cents
per ton ; at which rate this duty continued until
changed to a duty of thirty percent, advalorem,
by the law of 1846. In 1802 this duty was
changed from an ad valorem, duty of twenty-
four per cent., which it had reached under a
falling scale provided by law, to a duty of one
dollar per ton. In 1865 this duty was raised
to $1 10 per ton, and at the next succeeding
session of Congress, in 1866, this duty was
fixed at $1 25 per ton, and at that rate the
duty on foreign coal imported now stands.
This concise history of the action of Con-
gress, taken from United States Statutes-at-
Large, is given that we may fortify the posi-
tion already taken, that the interest we are
charged to protect was not founded in antag-
onism to the legislation of the G eneral Govern-
ment. We are content with this law as it
stands. Those for whom we are delegated to
speak might with perfect propriety come be-
fore Congress and urge that the duty on for-
eign coal shall be made what it was from 1824
to 1842, when that coal trade, which alone can
be injuriously affected by a repeal or reduction
of this duty, first commenced. All who are
even partially acquainted with the history of
the financial affairs of the country know that
from 1824 to 1842, while the duty on coal stood
steadily at the amount we have named, ($1 68
per ton,) our national debt was inconsiderable
in amount. In 1883 the whole debt had been
paid off, and, as the income largely exceeded
the wants of the Government after the debt
had been paid, Congress felt constrained to
adopt a measure of questionable constitution-
ality, and of still more questionable expe-
diency, and to make a deposit of a large sur-
plus, which had accumulated in the national
Treasury, with the several States.
In this condition of our finances the tariff
on foreign coal remained unchanged, and in
this aspect of affairs, when there was no pre-
monitory symptom of a change in the public
policy iu this respect, Maryland and the citi-
zens of Maryland, aided by capitalists from
other States, undertook, at an enormous cost,
to build a canal from tide-water at George-
town and a railroad from Baltimore, to become
mediums of transportation for the semi-bitum-
inous coal deposited by nature in vast quanti-
ties in the vicinity of Cumberland. One of
these great works was completed to Cumber-
land in 1842. During that year on that im-
provement the coal mines of the Cumberland
region sent to the city of Baltimore seventeen
hundred and eight tons, and for the first time
semi-bituminous coal mined in the United
States came in competition with imported coal
of the same character, and was placed on the
price current of a sea-board city. Since then
mines of semi-bituminous coal have been
opened at Broad Top, in Pennsylvania, num-
erous mines of bituminous coal have been
opened in Cambria and other counties of the
same State and in West Virginia; and such
has been the rapid expansion of this most im-
portant domestic industrythat from the mines
enumerated 4,233,980 tons of these coals were
sent to the Atlantic sea board cities during the
year 1869, the quantity having increased from
the close of 1868 to the close of 1869 925,325
tons. Very large sums of money have been
expended to develop this latent value.
The committee cannot speak with precision
concerning the expenditures of capital with a
view to the transportation of coal from the
semi-bituminous and bituminous regions of
Pennsylvania. We know that railroads have
been built at great cost to both those regions,
and we know that much of the capital ex-
pended in constructing the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral railroad may be charged as an outlay to
facilitate the transportation of coal from those
sections to the Atlantic cities. We have not
particular knowledge of the expenditures for
mining in West Virginia, or on the margin of
the James river, in Virginia. We have some-
what definite information as to the amount
of capital embarked in the development of the
coal field in the vicinity of Cumberland. The
capital of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company is estimated at $50,000,000. Of
this $15,000,000 may be fairly se& down as
an expenditure for the accommodation of the
coal trade of Maryland and West Virginia.
The face value of the capital stock and debts
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company
amounts to over fifteen million dollars, all of
which sura has been expended in the construc-
tion of the canal, and must remain, as it has
so far remained, a dead capital if any disaster
is, by the legislation of Congress, brought upon
the coal trade from the Cumberland region,
which the canal was constructed to develop.
In addition to these two costly improve-
ments, a railroad eleven miles long has been
built by the Cumberland Coal and Iron Com-
pany, and a railroad of thirty miles has been
built by the Cumberland and Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, diverging from the Balti-
