240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
county, but he does not know who the man is
who committed this crime. How should he?
Who knows who murdered Nathans in'New
York? We know the crime has been com-
mitted, but it is not always easy to find out
the murderer, and especially where he is a
Ku Klux, and where all the neighborhood
around are solemnly sworn to protect him and
to conceal the crime. The Senator is unrea-
sonable in saying that the Federal Govern-
ment must know and ought to know who this
man is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I had supposed the
Senator from Indiana—and I will not say he
is not—was a just man. Now he is excusing
the Federal judges and the Federal marshals,
and the Federal officers, and the Federal sol-
diers, for not doing what he says the State
officers ought to do. If the Federal men did
not know, how could the State men know ?
Mr. MORTON. I have not said that the
State men could know, bat when the Senator
says the Federal officers should know and can
know, I say the State officers can know. I
do not say that either of them can find out,
because the very witness that the Senator sum-
moned, and whose statement he read here,
said he did not know who the men were. It
is most extraordinary that the Federal Gov-
ernment shall be arraigned because they have
not found him out. I have no doubt they have
been trying to find him out, and I hope they
will do it vet.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope so.
Mr. MORTON. And 1 hope the State
authorities will find him out yet and punish
him.
Mr. STEVENSON. The State authorities
cannot punish him for an assault on the mail.
Mr. MORTON. Not on the mail, but they
can punish a simple assault and battery,
whether it occurs on a mail car or anywhere
Mr. STEVENSON. If I could have found
liim out I would have hung him if I had the
power. -
Mr. MORTON. You would have hung him
without law, then.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, no.
• Mr. MORTON. Yon cannot hang men for
simple assault. and battery.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Democratic party
never hangs wi'hout law.
Mr. MORTON. What have the Democratic
•party been doing in North Carolina? Have
they not been hanging without law? I think
-so, and the proof shows it; and I think the
members of that party have been hanging,
shooting, and whippiug in Kentucky without
Jaw.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President-—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana yield to the Senator from Del-
aware?
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Indiana
shall not say in this Senateand in my presence
that the Democratic party have had any con-
nection with the offenses proven to have ex-
isted there. He has no justification for it;
there is no truth in the charge, and I defy him
or any other member of this Senate to put his
finger upon a line of that testimony worthy of
belief to establish any such thing as he has so
unblushingly stated in the face of this Senate
just now.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, Mr. President, I un-
derstand this perfectly well. I understand that
every witness that testifies against these Ku
Klux is to be blackened and slandered on the
floor of the Senate ; bat I understand that this
proposition is established : that while all mem-
bers of the Democratic party are not members
of the Ku Klux organization—and thank God
for that—the other proposition is just as clearly
established, that every member of that organ-
ization, so far as the evidence shows, in Ken-
tucky, North Carolina, and everywhere else,
is a member of the Democratic party.
Mr. BAYARD. That is very well put in,
" so far as the evidence shows." That is very
Mr. MORTON. Nobody doubts it, so far
as I understand. Now, Mr. President,_ this
town of North Benson, Kentucky, I believe,
is in Shelby county, is it not?
Mr. STEVENSON. North Benson isupon
the edge of Shelby.
Mr. MORTON. I simply referred to that
in connection with the charge of Judge Bruce,
who has published to the world the commis-
sion of atrocious crimes by organized bodies
of men in this same county; and when you
take all of this evidence together, who can
doubt that the attempt was made to assassin-
ate this colored mail agent by this organiza-
tion? Who can doubt from the evidence that
the organization exists in various parts of Ken-
tucky, and has done so for many months; that
it has defied the civil power, that it has defied
the military power of the Governor of that
State, and that he has called aloud for help,
called for more militia, called for extraordin-
ary powers, and has in his messages recog-
nized the general condition of affairs in Ken-
tucky as described by the Courier-Journal,
by Judge Pryor, and by Judge Bruce.
Sir, I have said all that I intended to say in
vindication of the Postmaster General. I may
now appeal to an impartial public whether in
view of all the facts the Postmaster General,
in withdrawing the mails off the road from
Louisville to Lexington, has not been justified
by the facts, and that he has done nothing
more, nothing less, than his duty.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I move that the
present order be set aside, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree that if this
debate is to go on the motion of the Sen-
ator from California is nothing more than it is
plainly his duty to make; but I wish to suggest
that this debate can go on just as well upon
the House concurrent resolution now before
the Senate as upon the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio ; and it seems to me that if we
shall come to a general understanding that we
shall take the vote upon this resolution at
some time to-morrow, the Committee on the
Judiciary can then proceed to act under the
instructions of the Senate, and may be ready
in a few days to report something to us for our
consideration and action. Before, therefore,
the pending motion is put, if the Senator from
California will allow me, I ask that, by general
consent, not meaning in any respect to cut off
the debate, which can just as well go on upon
the other resolution, the vote upon the pend-
ing resolution shall be taken to- morrow at three
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island, that the vote on the pending
resolution shall be taken to-morrow at three
o'clock ?
Mr. BLATR. I object to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mis-
souri can make his speech just as well upon
the concurrent resolution that will be before
the Senate afterward, as upon this resolution.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from
Rhode Island ought to let the appropriation
bill be taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall certainly inter-
pose no further objection if we cannot close
the debate on the pending resolution.
Mr. COLE. Now, since all the legislative
business is excluded from the consideration
of the Senate under the action this morning,
I hope we may go on in the morning hour
to-morrow with the appropriation bill; and I
think it, not unreasonable to hope that we may
get through with it in the morning hour, and
it will not then be in the way of other business.
Mr. SCOTT. I give notice of an amend-
ment from the select Committee on Outrages
in the South, to be offered to the pending
appropriation bill. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. SUMNER. I give notice that I shall
to-morrow move in the Senate the resolutions
which I proposed this morning.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Chair what is the regular order of business
now in the morning hour? Without taking up
now the deficiency appropriation bill, will not
that be the regular order to-morrow morning
at any time prior toone o'clock, under therule
of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair d<*es
not decide points of that kind in advance.
When the time arrives the Chair will give hi3
views and submit the matter to the Senate if
that course be desired by Senators.
Mr. CONKLING. _ The Chair does not
understand my question, or I do not think
there would be any difficulty in answering it.
I will put it in another form: suppose the
appropriation bill be taken up now, does that
fact render it the regular order in the morning
hour to-morrow, any more than it is now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
If it be taken up now and the Senate adjourns,
it will come up at one o'clock to-morrow as
the unfinished business, and not previously,-
except by a vote of the Senate previous to that
time or by the absence of any other business
which can be transacted under the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. So that if it were taken
up now and the Senate should adjourn, it would
not then come up to-morrow in the morning
hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would come
up at one o'clock, but might be taken up pre-
viously if there were no business of the morn-
ing hour properly to be considered, or by
direct vote.
Mr. COLE. In all probability the business
of the morning hour will be disposed of in a
very few minutes, and then this bill can come
up in the regular order.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to ask again, for
the benefit of my friend from California, sup-
pose it is taken up now aud to-morrow the
presentation of petitions or whatever may be
the morning business should all be concluded
within five minutes, would this then come up
as the regular order, or would it stand until
one o'clock, and then come up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would then
come up in the absence of any other business,
there being no other business before the Senate
in the morning hour. If the morning business
under the present rule should be exhausted,
then the bill would come up.
Mr. CONKLING. And would not that be
true without taking it up to-night?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not,
because then, when the morning business was
exhausted, the resolution of the Senator from
Ohm would come up. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia moves that the Senate postpone (he
present order and proceed to the consideration
of the deficiency appropriation liill.
Mr. POOL. I should like to know exactly
what is to be the effect of that. I understand
that'now this appropriation bill will come up
in the morning hour, but that it.will be dis-
placed at one o'clock by the present order.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. 1 hope not.
Mr. SUMNER, we had better adjourn now.
It is after five o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I hope tlw Senator will not_
insist on that during the pendency of this
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts is in order.
The Chair will state the motions to the Senate,
and entertain the motion of the Senator trom
Massachusetts. The Senator from California
moves that the Senate postpone the present
order, which is the resolution of the Senator
