1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
from Ohio, for the purpose of considering the
deficiency appropriation bill. This motion falls
with the day unless it shall be decided. Pend-
ing this motion, the Senator from Massachu-
setts moves that the Senate- do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe it is in order
for me to say that if we do not adjourn, I shall
move an executive session, which several Sen-
ators are very anxious to have.
Mr. SUMNER. I will yield to that motion
if it is desired.
Mr. CONKLING. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts withdraws his motion, and
pending the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia the Senator from New York moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of March 20, 1871, copies
of the bids and awards and generally all in-
formation in his possession in regard to the
mail-letting of March, 1870, on route No.
17401, from Santa F6 to El Paso, New Mex-
ico ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be- printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
245) amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
fiver, with an amendment, in which it request-
ed the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 42)
fiving the consent of Congress to Professor
oseph Henry, secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, to accept the title and regalia of a
commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of
St. Olaf, conferred upon him by the king of
Sweden and Norway, grand master of said
order, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after thirty-seven
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were re-opened, and (at five o'clock and forty-
two minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 23, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
final adjournment of tiie house.
Several members addressed the Chair.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
who claims to rise to a privileged question,
and will state it.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I offer the resolu-
tion which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the Senate has adopted a resolution de-
claring that the Senato will consider at the present
session no other legislative business than the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution
for a joint committee to investigate into the condi-
tion of the States lately in insurrection, and the res-
olution now pending instructing the Committee on
the Judiciary to report a bill or bills tha t will enable
the President and the courts of the United States to
execute the laws in said States and the report that
may be made by the Committee on the J udiciary on
thatsubject, thereby refusing to consider any busi-
ness which may originate in the House of Represent-
atives: Therefore,
It evolved, (the Senate permitting,) That piis House
will adjourn, when it adjourns to-morrow, until the
first Monday in December next at eleven o'clock
a. m,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 16.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the peculiar 
Mr. STEVENSON. Is this question debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I object to dis-
cussion.
Mr. RANDALL. The resolution explains
itself.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the point
■that this resolution is no more a privileged
question than was yesterday the similar reso-
lution offered by the same gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is privi-
leged now because the time named for the final
adjournment in the resolution already adopted
by the House has passed. The time fixed for
the adjournment of the two Houses by the
resolution which was adopted by the House
and sent to the Senate was to-day at noon.
Mr. STEVENSON. If it is understood that
the question is to be open for general debate,
I have no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall not object to
general debate upon the questiou.
The SPEAKER. Debate must be by unan-
imous consent.
Several members objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In the present pos-
ture of affairs the House eau do no business.
Mr. HAWLEY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it is proper for us to take cog-
nizance of action of the Senate of which we
have not been officially informed ?
The SPEAKER. In this case there is no
action of the Senate of which the House would
be advised. The question is one of propriety
for the House to judge.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I desire unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill to remove
political disabilities from two of my constit-
uents.
The SPEAKER. There is a privileged
question before the House at this time.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. In reply to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hawley] I will say that we are officially noti-
fied of the action of the Senate by the Globe,
the official paper of Congress; and in view of
the action of the Senate it is useless for us to
sit here.
Several members called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is now
progressing.  
On agreeing to the resolution, there were—
ayes seventy-three, noes not counted.
' Mr. TWICHELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, is a motion
to amend in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out " the first Monday of
December" and inserting " Monday," so that
it will read " Monday next."
Mr. COX. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] moves to amend
so as to provide for an adjournment of the
House from next Monday.
Mr. CONGER. Thatisnotmyamendment.
It is to fix next Monday as the time to which
the House will to-day adjourn.
The SPEAKER. With that amendment the
resolution would not require the concurrence
of the Senate.
Mr. CONGER. The adoption of the amend-
ment may perhaps kill the resolution. If the
amendment is in order, I insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair, it is hardly worth while for the House
to ask permission of the Senate to adjourn for
three days.
Mr. CONGER. I think it is in as good taste
as the preamble of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thatis nota parliament-
ary point. The Chair rules on parliamentary
points only.
Mr. HAWLEY. I think the Chair misap-
prehends the motion of the gentleman from
Michigan. As I understand, the gentleman
proposes that the Senate shall permit us to
adjourn on next Monday till the first Monday
of December.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
at first; but the gentleman from Michigan cor-
rected him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will modify the
resolution so that when we adjourn on Mon-
day next, instead of to-morrow, it will be to
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his resolution. The pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. TWICHELL. What prevents the Sen-
ate from taking action of a similar character?
The SPEAKER. That is not aparliamentary
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order for this
House to adjourn finally without the other
House ?
The SPEAKER. This is a resolution for
the adjournment of the House with the Senate's
concurrence.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is what I contend
cannot be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesi-
tation in answering that, even by way of argu-
ment, for it would be a reflection upon the
Chair to entertain that which is not constitu-
tional. The provision of the Constitution is
that neither House shall adjourn for more than
three days without the consent of the other;
but this resolution proposes an adjournment
of the House for a longer time, with the con-
sent of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. When there is to be an
adjournment for a longer period than three
days there is to be an adjournment of both
Houses.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. CONGER. I move to strike out the
preamble.
Mr. McHENRY. Suppose this resolution
be passed with the concurrence of the Senate,
then the Senate will be left here alone, and
how can they adjourn when there is no House
in session to concur with them for an adjourn-
ment of the Senate under the constitutional
provision for a longer period than three days?
The SPEAKER. They can adjourn at any
time, if left alone.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SvMPSOir,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested;
An act (S. No. 29) amending the act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 14, 1870;
An act (S. No. 257) to amend,an act ap-
proved June 1C, 1862, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the election of jurors to serve in the
several courts of the District Columbia ; and
An act (S. No. 296) granting a pension to
Phebe Sofield, widow of Louis Sofield.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed the following resolution, in which the
concurrcnee of the House was requested:
Jiesohed by the Sciiatc, (the House of Representa-
tives concurrinfi), That there be printed twenty
thousand additional copies of the last report of the
Commissioner of Kducation, of which five thou-
sand copies shall bo for the use of the Senate, ten
thousand copies shall be for the use of tho ilouse
of Representatives, and five thousand copies shall
be for the use of the Bureau of Education.
final adjournment.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
lay upon the table the resolution of the gentle-
man from Illinois, and that motion is not
amendable or debatable.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
58, noes 79.
Mr. SHANKS demanded the yeas and nays.
