appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff on Foreign Coal.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
human industry. Looking from this stand-
point at this vast interest, it is difficult to treat
gravely the reasons assigned by the Special
Commissioner of Revenue for the repeal of
the duty on coal, because there are no coal
deposits in the sea-board sections of New
Jersey, New York, and New England. This
reasoning would lead legitimately to some
perfectly preposterous conclusions. For if
Congress, when engaged bona fide in imposing
duties for revenue on imports, cannot recog-
nize and incidentally encourage any domes-
tic industry which cannot be advantageously
undertaken in all localities of our extended
country, then our laws intended to encourage
ship-building in the sea-ports of the Atlantic
border must be unwise, because ship-building
cannot be embarked in in the interior of the
country.
There was a time when the section to which,
it seems, Commissioner Wells would make an
interior interest of the country subsidiary, bore
a very respectable proportion to the whole Re-
public. But the country is now continental,
and this sea board section must not heed the
counsels of those who would teach such doc-
trines as the Commissioner promulgates. The
inconveniences complained of by manufactur-
ers who are located on the sea-board section
are not to be remedied by the legislation of
Congress. Capitalists who undertake to man-
ufacture far away from the localities in which
coal, cereals, and provisions are produced in
abundance must not expect Congress to re-
lieve them from the payment of price enhanced
by the cost of transporting commodities from
the place of production to the place of con-
sumption. Our manufacturers in the sea-board
section have the remedy in t.heir own hands.
Let them conform to, and not call upon Con-
gress to war against, nature. As the coal mines
and fertile lands of the interior cannot be
brought to the sea-board, manufactures of
woolen and cotton cloths must locate and lay
the foundations of large cities in the wide val-
leys and gentle slopes of the Alleghanies in
Maryland, North Carolina, Georgia, and Ten-
nessee ; or in the wide plains of Alabama, Ohio,
Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, and Kansas.
Capitalists of the United States must follow
the example of capitalists of Great Britain,
who have placed their manufacturing estab-
lishments, not on the Land's End, not at Cape
Wrath, in Scotland, but near the coal-pits, in
the midst of the grain-growing, grass-produc-
ing section of England ; and Manchester, Bir-
mingham, Leeds, and Sheffield—all included
in a circle the radius of which would not reach
from one extremity to the other of Alleghany,
the coal county of Maryland—having an aggre-
gate population of a million and a quarter,
furnish homes to the sons of toil who have clus-
tered around the establishments which give to
them employment. Congress cannot be called
upon to legislate against the laws of nature and
against the laws of trade for the benefit of a very
small section of the Union. Our country is
continental; let our laws be continental also.
The law-maker must have in view every latent
value of our wide spread land. The people
are at liberty to select each for himself a pur-
suit and a local habitation.
It is obvious to the most casual observer
that one of the chief reasons for the difference
which exists between the duty levied on for-
eign coal and the duties imposed on other arti-
cles, as displayed in the tabular statement to
which we have invited attention, is to be traced
to the pertinacity of capitalists!, who persist
m conducting manufacturing establishments
remote from the centers of production of food
and of supplies of material.
The bituminous coal miners of the United
States ask for no high protective duty. They
are content with and are now only contending
for the preservation of a duty very far lower
than those levied upon foreign manufactures
of iron, wool, and cotton, as the table sub-
mitted proves.
Ourimportslastyearexceeded $417,000,000;
our income from customs $177,000,000, equal
to an average duty of forty-two and four tenths
per cent, upon all articles imported, while that
on coal is below this revenue standard, being
only thirty-nine and one half per cent, even at
the high estimate of the Bureau of Statistics.
Above all things, touching legislation, those
for whom this committee plead beg of Congress
stability in the laws on this subject. Prices
of labor in the mines and in all branches of
the bituminous coal trade—prices of land,
houses, freights, and agricultural productions
connected therewith—have all been fixed and
established with reference to this tariff on the
foreign product; and we must hope that this
large interest which has grown up gradually
in conformity with that which seemed to be a
stable policy of the country is not to be dis-
turbed, embarrassed, crippled, or overthrown
to gratify a greed for gain of manufacturers
who insist upon conducting their business in
a false position, or of that class of American
citizens who have bought property cheap under
a foreign Government and now insist that the
whole policy of this Government shall be
changed to enhance the value of their invest-
ments.
In concluding this communication the com-
mittee respectfully invite especial attention to
one interest involved in this question which
Congress cannot with justice ignore in its
legislation on this subject.
After the duty on foreign coal had been fixed
by the tariff of 1824 at $1 68 per ton the en-
gineers of the United States, by authority of
the law of the United States made a survey
and estimates for a canal from tide-water in
the District of Columbia to Cumberland. It
was well understood, as it is now, that of the
sources of income for transportation on such
a canal the coal-fields of Maryland would
afford the most certain and remunerative.
Maryland declined to contribute toward
building that canal unless the three prin-
cipal cities of the District and the Govern-
ment of the United States would contribute
also. And ultimately the United States sub-
scribed to the amount of $1,000,000, Wash-
ington city subscribed an equal amount,
Georgetown subscribed $250,000, Alexandria
an equal amount, and Maryland $5,000,000 to
the stock of a company chartered to construct
the canal.
The work was commenced in 1828, and the
whole of the sums of money so subscribed,
together with large sums contributed by in-
dividuals and the State of Virginia, were
expended. Soon after, the United States
Government, under a change of public-policy,
declined to give further pecuniary aid to the
canal company, but assumed and paid the
debts which the District cities had contracted
to pay, being their subscription to the stock of
the canal company, and left Maryland largely
involved in the undertaking and the canal
unfinished. With great difficulty Maryland
borrowed the money to finish the canal to
Cumberland, and in 1850 the canal was first
opened to the coal trade. Since then there
has been a gradual increase in the coal trade
on the canal from 4,042 tons to 652,151 tons
in 1869. Thus far, with an investment in the
canal exceeding thirteen million dollars, the
State has received no income from that source;
and with a State debt exceeding twelve mil-
lion dollars—burdensome to that small State
as $70,000,000 would be to one of the largest
States of the Union, and contracted in a large
degree as a contribution of the State to the
national necessities during the last eight years—
Maryland looks to an income from this invest-
ment in the canal as the only means available
to save the people of the State from onerous
taxation.
Surely under such circumstances the peo-
ple of Maryland have a right to hope that
Congress will not so legislate as to deprive ihe
coal trade of protection from foreign compe-
tition, less than that enjoyed when the canal
was commenced, and incidental altogether to
the tariff now imposed, to place a portion of
the public burdens on a branch of foreign trade
abundantly able to contribute to the wants of
the Treasury. Bituminous coal, except in the
immediate vicinity of the mines, is not so gen-
erally consumed by the people as sugar, tea,
coffee, salt, implements of iron, or woolen or
cotton cloths. And the committee will cherish
the hope that Congress wiU not damnify this
domestic industry, the extent and value of
which we have been delegated to explain, when
relief from unnecessary burdens and a deple-
tion of our overflowing Treasury can readily
be accomplished by slight reductions ot dunes
on articles of import, to which attention hus
been herein directed.
The committee have avoided entering into
any argument in support of the opinion ex-
pressed in favor of the existence of a power
in Congress to foster an existing domesiic
industry, or encourage capitalists and labor to
embark in an industry necessarily tending to
establish on firm foundations our national
independence. All arguments on that subject
are worn, by repeated use, threadbare. We
will content ourselves by grouping together
some well-known facts m our history, and
some opinions of those, who, after the framers
of our Constitution had passed off the public
stage, have essayed to lead the public mind out
of a channel in which it had flowed smooihly
for half a century. At the first session of the
First Congress, which assembled in 1789, under
the national Constitution, the first law passed
recognized the power and the duty of Con-
gress, in laying duties on foreign importations,
to encourage the employment of capital and
labor in domestic industry.
This aspect of the law was not even criticised
in either branch of Congress, although there
were in the House and in the Senate mem-
bers who had assisted to frame the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and must have
known its import and purposes. The same
Congress passed a law regulating trade with
the Indian tribes within the jurisdiction of the
United States ; and in regulating that pro-
hibited the introduction of one class of articles
and allowed another class of articles to be
carried for sale, duty free, into the Indian
country. Congress, in passing such a discrim-
inating law, must have known that its power
over the trade with these Indian tribes was
conferred by the United States Constitution,
in language identical with that used in the same
instrument in giving to Congress the power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations.
The law_ regulating trade with the Indians
wasnot objected to on account of its discrim-
inating features at that time. Similar laws
have since been repeatedly passed. These
laws have been carried into effect under the
direction of numerous Secretaries of the War
Department, including Mr. Calhoun, of South
Carolina, and Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, with-
out question as to the competency of Con-
gress to pass such statutes.
In 1816, after the close of the war of 1812.
Congress passed a law, under the lead of
southern men, avowedly to protect the man-
ufacturing products from injurious competi-
tion with foreign importations.
The motive for this law was declared to be
found in the fact that citizens had embarked
their capital in manufactures under the em-
bargo, non-intercourse, and war policies of
the United States, and were entitled to the
| protection of the Government from oonse-
