1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Cincinnati and Southern Railway—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
quences which might ensue if free trade fol-
lowed the restoration of peace. And it may-
be here opportunely said that the capital in
value, and the population in numbers, which
the tariff duties of 1816 were levied to pro-
tect, were of infinitely less national import-
ance than the capital and population now
threatened with disastrous consequences by
this attempt to abolish or reduce the tariff on
coal.
The country well knows that Mr. Calhoun
was a leading champion of the tariff of 1810;
and it is proper to add that be never aban-
doned the position taken on that occasion,
for in 1833, in debate in the Senate, on speak-
ing of the proposition then pending to reduce
the duties on importations, Mr. Calhoun said
" that it had been his fate to occupy a posi-
tion as hostile as any one could in reference
to the protecting policy, but that if it de-
pended on his will he would not give his vote
for the prostration of the manufacturing inter-
est. A very large capital had been invested in
manufactures which had been of great service
to the country ; and he would never give his
vote to suddenly withdraw all those duties by
which that capital was sustained in the channel
into which it had been directed."
There is evidence here of the coercing power
of truth and justice, when from such a man, on
such an occasion, this declaration could be
forced. Under a like coercing power we find
the following language, used in the leading
organ of southern free-traders, the Southern
Review, in 1830:
"Congress, when imposing duties on imports, to
supply in good faith the wants of the national Xieas-
ury, could constitutionally, and with justice to all
sections, so arrange theduties imposed as to protcct,
incidentally, domestic industry."
The committee forbear to pursue this branch
of the subject further. We all know that the
Government of the United States, for forty
years, without question, and for the last forty
years, in the lace of all opposition, at great
cost and hazard, has exercised the power to
protect its own citizens against injurious for
eign competition. A similar power has been
exerted by the Governments of every people,
civilized or savage, of which tradition or his-
tory makes mention. *lt is a power indispens-
able to the independent exercise of any Gov-
ernment intended to represent a political com-
munity among the nations of the earth ; and
as this power is clearly denied to the govern-
ments of the States we must believe that the
framers of the national Government intended
to confer it upon the Government which they
formed.
We would not have it supposed that the com-
mittee are opposed to cheapening to consum-
ers the most valuable of all fuels; we want an
extensive market for our miners; we want a
market coextensive with our Atlantic border;
we want a market requiring four million tons
now, and which will require double the quan-
tity of steam and gas coal at an eaily day;
because we believe that as the quantity sold
in a.arket increases the price must fall. Since
capitalists can make remunerating dividends
when selling millions of tons at a low price
more readily than they can secure reasonable
incomes from sales of only thousands of tons,
even at higher rates, hence we urge most
earnestly and respectfully that Congress shall
not so legislate as to secure to miners in Nova
Scotia exclusive control of all our Atlantic
markets for bituminous coal north of New
York.
The issue is with Congress. We have con-
fidence in the justice of the claim we present.
Wp have faith in the wisdom and patriotism
of the arbiter whose decision we await. We
feel assured that Congress will not, for trivial
and transient objects, change a long-estab
lished policy of our Government, under which
a valuable domestic industry, involving mil-
lions of capital, has grown in a few years from
a small beginning to large dimensions, and
with the prosperity of which thousands of
faithful laboring citizens are intimately identi-
fied- FRANCIS THOMAS,
Chairman of Committee.
Cincinnati and Southern Railway.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAYIS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Senate of the United States,
March 13, 1871.
The Senate having under consecration the bill
(s. No. 75) to promote the constriction of the Cin-
cinnati and Southern railway-
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, said:
Mr. President: The measure under con-
sideration, even as a proposition, is without
precedent, in the history of congressional pro-
ceedings, and it is no less destitute of consti-
tutional power oil the part of Congress to enact
it into a law.
The Legislature of the Slate of Ohio passed
an act incorporating Miles Greenwood, Wil-
liam Hooper, Philip Heidelbach, and Edward
A. Ferguson, and their successors, as trustees
of the city of Cincinnati, with power to borrow
for and on the credit of said city $10,000,000,
to be expended in procuring the right to con-
struct and constructing a single or double track
railway, with all the usual appendages, includ-
ing a line of telegraph, between the city of
Cincinnati and the city of Chattanooga, in the
State of Tennessee ; and this bill proposes to
give said trustees power to enter into the States
which said line of railway would intersect, and
to appropriate the land and material necessary
for the construction of said railway, and to
construct and maintain the same in perpetuity,
under and according to the said act of incor-
poration passed by the Legislature of Ohio, not
only without the consent, but in defiance of the
authority of the State of Kentucky.
This corporation, created by a Legislature
of Ohio, comes here and asks Congress to pass
an act to hand over to it all the sovereignty,
jurisdiction, property, and eminent domain of
the State of Kentucky, in perpetuity, along the
line of this proposed railway, to the extent
of constructing, maintaining, and governing it
forever. Congress possesses no power to pass
such an act, and a simple statement of the
proposition is sufficient to refute the position
that it has, to every man of fair understanding
who has studied the Constitution with care.
The States were primarily and plenarily pos-
sessed of all political sovereignty and powers,
and they and their people acting as States
made the Constitution by which they created a
common Government, and delegated to itsome
of the sovereignty and powers which each for
itself had previously held ; and all sovereignty
and powers not delegated by the Constitution
to their common Government they retained
impliedly, the principles upon which it was
organized, also by an express provision. Con-
gressand the entire Government of the United
States have no power, nor a shadow of power,
but what is conferred by the Constitution,
and their exercise of any outside of its pale it
is both the right and duty of every good citizen
to resist.
Kent, in his Commentaries, (volume one,
page 394,) says :
"The Constitution of the United States is an in-
strument containing tho gr-int of specific powers,
and the Government of tho Union cannot claim any
powers but what are contained in the grant and
given either expressly or by necessary implication."
This principle was repeatedly announced by
Madison, Marshall, Webster, and Story, as it
has been by all the eminent constitutional law-
yers and statesmen of our country. It now
has the authority of a received constitutional
axiom ; and any act of Congress that cannot
stand its crucial test is not the law of the
land, and has no validity. Let us bring the
bill under consideration to this trial.
That a State has the power to incorporate a
company and confer upon it the power to build
a railroad anywhere within its boundaries, and
that no other State has that power, are posi-
tions that no one will controvert. A man who
would assert that this act of incorpoiatioti, or
any other law which the Legislature of Ohio
might pass, could have any effect in Kentucky
is impervious to reason ; and the proposition
that any act of Congress would give that effect
to this or any other law of Ohio is not less
unsound.
Most of the States have exercised their uni-
versally conceded power to incorporate com-
panies to make railroads on their own terri-
tory. Kentucky has done this repeatedly, and
she has now five chartered companies to con-
struct railroads from Covington, opposite Cin-
cinnati, across her whole breadth to the Ten-
nessee line, three of which point directly to
Chattanooga. These charters are all libera!,
but well guarded. One of them, pointing to
Chattanooga, has had for someyears one hun-
dred miles of its road completed and in .suc-
cessful operation ; another has located its road
upon the most direct and eligible line from
Cincinnati to Chattanooga, and several mil-
lions of its stock have been subscribed. Cin-
cinnati and Ohio have been repeatedly and
earnestly solicited to subscribe stock in all
these road companies, and would have a power
in their government and direction proportion-
ate to stock. So that Ohio has a choice of five
proposed and different railroad lines through
Kentucky, chartered by unquestioned and un-
questionable power—her Legislature—for the
transit of trade and travel with the States
south of the Ohio river. But she is not satis-
fied with this various opportunity and priv-
ilege, and has come here clamoring for Con-
gress to enact a measure for which there is
neither precedent nor power.
If Congress has the authority to pass this bill
it is conferred by one or more of its specified
powers, or by the provision which empowers
it "to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers (specified powers) and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, oriu any depart-
ment or officer thereof."
Someof theablestcommentatorson the Con-
stitution have taken and reasoned the position,
that this clause only confers by express words
powers that would have resulted by necessary
implication from the powers specified in the
Constitution ; but this proposition, it seems to
me, is not formally and strictly sound and true.
I do not controvert that without that general
provision, all the powers contemplated by it,
and the potential existence of which it recog-
nizes, would have resulted by necessary impli-
cation from the express powers created by
the Constitution ; but the entire mass would
not have inured to Congress, the execution of
every incidental power necessary and proper
for carrying into execution specified power
would have devolved on the department or
officer charged with the execution of the speci-
fied power. This principle is so modified by
that provision of the Constitution, as that all
those incidental and auxiliary powers are
primarily and in a dormant state vested in
Congress; and it has to designate and organize
each and all of them, and confide their execu-
tion to a particular department or officer before
they can have any effect.
The power to construct a road of any kind,
or a canal, is nowhere specified in the Consti-
tution. If it exist at all, it is an implied
power, and appertains to Congress in virtue
