244
THE CONGRESSIONAL
Marcli 23,
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I object to this bill,
unless the amendment which I desire to offer
shall be adopted.
Mr. SNYDER. "When I called up this bill
last Friday objections were made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] and th«
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Finkelnburg.]
Those objections hare been met and recon-
ciled by private consultation, the amendments
which they desire to offer being assented to by
the friends of the bill. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] made the other day an
inquiry whether the bill was amendatory of the
only act providing for the construction of
a bridge across the Arkansas river at Little
Rock. I answer that inquiry in the affirma-
tive. This bill is amendatory of the only act
providing for the construction of a bridge
across Arkansas river at the city of Little
Bock, Therefore the connection and relation
of the original act and this bill cannot be
misunderstood.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the act of which this bill is amend-
atory provides only for abridge on that river?
Mr. SNYDER. On thatriver, at the city of
Little Rock..
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendment sent to the desk by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Congee.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out in the secondline of the bill the words
"said act," and insert in lieu thereof "an act to
authorize the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river at Little Bock, Arkansas, approved
July 1,1870."
Mr. E'INKELNBURG. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the first section "The
piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the
current of said river."
Mr. SNYDER. I will merely state that
these amendments are perfectly agreeable to
the friends of the bill, and I hope they will be
adopted without objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the second sec-
tion of the bill be again read. I desire to hear
the proviso.
The Clerk read the second section of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest the insertion of
the additional words "by the Secretary of
"War," in the first part of that proviso. Ithas
been usual to put these bridges under the
control of the War Department; otherwise it
would not seem that any person was authorized
to require this to be done.
Mr. CONGER. These masters are still left
under the control of Congress, so far as any
action is to be had.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is customary to put these
bridges under the control of the Secretary of
War, and I hope the words I have suggested
will be inserted, in order to remove all ambi-
guity.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. SNYDER. Nor have I any objection
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SNYDER moved to reconsider the vote
tjy which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
life-saving stations.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, presented
the following resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of New Jersey ; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce when appoint-
ed, and ordered to be printed:
"Whereas X. Broughton Devereux, chief of the
revenue marine, in his report of December, 1870, to
tho honorable the Secretary of the Treasury, recom-
mended additional appropriation to tho life-saving
stations for the protection of life and property upon
the New Jersey coast; and whereas Henry W. Saw-
yer, superintendent of the stations, and the commis-
sioners of pilotage liavo recommended additional
stations, with crews at eaeMtation, and improved
surf-boats, for the reason that the present boats are
unsafe and worn out: Therefore,
1. Be it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly
of the State of New Jersey, That our Senators and
Representatives in Congress be urged to secure an
appropriation of $200,000 for the year 1871, for the
purpose of more effectually securing life and prop-
erty upon the New Jersey coast.
2. And be it resolved, That the Governor be re-
quested to furnish a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolution immediately to the members of Con-
gress from New Jersey.
order of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no objection to going to business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness would be the morning hour for reports.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the bills on the Speaker's table will be taken
up in their order.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called, for the morning hour now
begins at three minutes to two o'clock, and
reports are first in order from the Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. COX. I do not intend to consent to
any bills from the Senate until they consent to
an adjournment.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. No bills should be passed
from the Senate until we have committees
appointed.
professor joseph henry.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution to report a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 42) giving the con-
sent of Congress to Professor Joseph Henry,
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, to
accept the title and regalia of a commander
of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olaf,
conferred upon him by the king of Sweden
and Norway, grand master of said order.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It provides that the consent of
Congress is given to Professor Joseph Henry,
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, to
accept the title and regalia of a commander
of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olaf,
conferred upon him for his distinguished scien-
tific services and character by the king of
Sweden and Norway, grand master of said
order.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would like to
know if this is a title of nobility.
Mr. POLAND. I propose to make a brief
explanation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there liberty to be
given to this gentleman to become a saint?
Mr. POLAND. - Professor Henry, who has
been for many years at 'he head of the Smith-
sonian Institution, and has brought it into a
high state of credit, both in this country and
abroad, visited Europe during last season;
and while there this compliment—the appoint-
ment to this order with its decorations and
regalia—was granted to him by the king of
Sweden, who is the grand master of this Order
of St. Olaf. I have endeavored to ascertain
what this Order of St. Olaf means, what it is.
Nothing is to be found on the subject in any
of the encyclopedias in the English language,
but_ the Librarian, having at my suggestion
made some examination' of the subject, found
in a German encyclopedia an article in regard
to this order, which I will ask the Clerk to
read. It gives all the information which I
have on the subject.
Mr. PETERS. Is it in the German lan-
guage?
Mr. POLAND. It is translated.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Not very long ago, 21st August, 1847, a Norwe-
gian civiLorder was established by King Oscar I of
Sweden and Norway, in honor of St. Olaf, and is
composed of three classes: grand cross, command-
ers, and knights. It has as regalia a white enameled
cross, with the arms of tho kingdom, a golden lion
crowned, holding the halberd of Sc. Olaf, on a red
held, bordered by an enameled red ring with blue
and double white borders. In each of the four
corners of the croBS is a crowned golden O, which
commemorates the founder of the order, i. e., Oacar.
On the obverse there is an enameled red shield with
the device, 'liet ng sandhed,' (right and truth.) The
ribbon of the order is watered, bright rod, with blue
and double white,border."—Meyer's Neucs Conver-
sations Lexicon, xii., p. 275,1866.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poi.axd] a ques-
tion : whether he will bring in his man here
with all his regalia upon him, so that we may
see what they are before we pass the bill ?
Mr. POLAND. When that shall be the
regular order I shall endeavor to see that
done.
Mr. CONGER. I would like to inquire
what there is in the Constitution of the United
States to prevent this gentleman receiving the
order and the title without an act of Congress.
There is nothing, so far as appears before this
House, which shows that he holds any office
of profit or trust under this Government.
Mr. POLAND. It maybe somewhat doubt-
ful whether the secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution is such an officer under the United
States, though I am inclined to think he is.
But Professor Henry is also a member of the
Coast Survey.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hold that it is his con-
stitutional right to make himself ridiculous, if
he has a mind to do so, without a law of Con-
gress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution ; and being put, there were—
ayes 56, noes 41; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Poland and Mr.
Hr> man.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes 19.
message from tub president.
A message, in writing, from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
professor joseph henry.
Mr. GETZ. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not
pass a joint resolution giving effect to these
titles of nobility.
Mr. COX. This is not a title of nobility.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order to move
that the House adjourn?
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have the message
read.
condition of the south.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a communication from the President
of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate «nd House of Representatives:
A condition of affairs now exists in some States of
the Union rendering life and property insecure and
the carrying of the mails and tho collection of the
revenuedangerous. The proof that such a condition
of affairs exists in some localities is now before the
Senate. That tho power to correct these evils is
beyond the eontrol of State authorities I do not
doubt; that tho power of tho Executive of the Uni-
ted States, acting within the limits of existing laws,
is sufiicient for present emergencies is not clear.
Therefore, I urgentlyrecominend such legislation as
in tho judgment of Congress shall effectually secure
life, liberty, and property, and the enforcement or
law in all parts of the United States. It may bo
expedient to provide that such law as shall bo passed
in pursuanco of this recommendation shall expiro
at the end of the next session of Congress. There
is no other subject upon which I would recommend
legislation during the present session.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington. D. C., March 23, 1871.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, Mr. Speaker, I
move that the message just read be referred to
a select committee of this House of nine mem-
bers, to be appointed by the Chair, and upon
that motion 1 ask the previous question.
