APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 13,
Senate.
Cincinnati and Southern Railway—Mr. Davis.
42d Con®.... 1st Sess.
of an inherent principle, and of the provision
which invests it with the power "to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution " the specified powers.
It has been sometimes contended that the con-
gressional power "toestablish post offices and
post roads" is a specified, an express power
to build both houses for offices and roads over
which to carry the mail. This is a misconcep-
tion. The express power refers to the mail
establishment, to the postal institution, to a
legal entity, and not to the physical subjects,
the buildings in which post offices are kept,
or the roads, canals, rivers, lakes, seas, or
oceans over which mails and the'ir matter are
transported, the whole of which are alike, but
figuratively "post roads," whether they are
oyer land or water, and without regard to the
particular form or nature of the line of transit.
But the question whether this express power
of Congress to create the Post Office establish-
ment, consisting of post offices and post routes,
does not bring to it the implied, incidental, and
auxiliary powers of building houses for post
offices and constructing roads and canals along
which to transport the mail, and protecting
the establishment by penal laws necessarily
arises. The idea of Chief Justice Marshall on
this point is clearly expressed in a short pas-
sage, which I extract from his opinion in the
case of McCullough vs. The Slate of Maryland:
"Take, for example, the power 4to establish post
offices and post roads.' This power is executed by
the single act of making the establishment. But
from tins has been inferred the power asd duty of
carrying the mail alon<? tho po^t road from one post
office to another, and from this implied power h*s
a?ain been inferred the right to punish those who
steal letters from the post office or rob the mail."
Congress, then, has no specified or express
power to construct a railway or any other road,
or a canal; but it is often claimed that it has
power to pass laws for their construction be-
cause they are u necessary and proper " for the
execution of the express powers to ''regulate
commerce among the States," " to establish
post offices and post roads," u to declare war,"
and 'Ho raise and support armies."
This is a question of very great difficulty,
and has been the cause of much controversy
in Congress, in the newspaper prass, and among
statesmen and the people. The ablest and
most authoritative supporter of the doctrine
of extensive and vigorous powers of the Gen-
eral Government under the Constitution is
Chief Justice Marshall. He certainly asserted
it to the extreme boundary of the Constitution,
and transcended it in the case of Cohen and
The State of Virginia, on the point, the author-
ity of a law of Congress in the States, which
was passed in virtue of its power "to exercise
exclusive legislation" in the District of Co-
lumbia. This error of the great judge will be
apparent to any intelligent and unbiased law-
yer who carefully reads his opinion in that case,
and is now generally conceded by the courts
and the profession.
His opinion in the case of McCullough vs,
The Slate of Maryland is the chief magazine
from which the advocates of the extreme pow-
ers of the United States Government get their
supplies of argument, and they give to that
opinion and all its utterances, as well all its
dicta as its judgments on the questions put in
issue by the record, oracular authority. But
the great jurist does not, in that opinion, or
anywhere, to my recollection, assert that Con-
gress has the power, primary and specified, or
implied, incidental, and auxiliary, to construct
, roads and canals. He does say:
" We admit, as all must admit, that the powers of
thr Government are limited and its limit3 are not
fco be transcended. But wo think the sound construc-
tion <>t the Constitution must allow to tho national
Legislature tb ft discretion, with respect to the means
by which the powers it confers arc to be carricd into
execution, which wiil enable that body to perform
the high duties assigned to it in the manner raosfc
benciicial to the people. Let the ead be legitimate,
let it be within the scope of the Constitution, and all
means which are appropriate, which are plainly
adapted to the end, which are not prohibited, but
consistent with the letter and spirit of tho Constitu-
tion. are constitutional.
*' Should Congress, in the execution of its powers,
adopt measures which are prohibited by the Consti-
tution; or should Congress, under the pretext of
executing its powers, pass laws for the accomplish-
ment of objects not intrusted to the Government,
it would become the painful duty of this tribunal,
should a case requiring such a decision come before
it, to say that such an act was not the law of the
land."
I have said that Judge Marshall has nowhere
asserted the power of Congress to construct
roads and canals. To make those works are
modes of exercising the right of eminent do-
main, which Justinian has defined " the right of
the public, in case of emergency, to seize upon
the property of individuals and convert it to
the public use," and which all the authori-
ties hold may be exercised not only where the
safety but also where the interest or even the
expediency of the State is concerned, and at
the discretion and will of the men invested
with that stupendous power.
The position is that the entire mass of indi-
vidual rights and property in a country are
held of the Government, and it can at pleas-
ure oust the owners and resume the posses-
sion of any portion, or of the entire mass, and
dispose thereof according to its sovereign will.
If the Constitution has established and vested
this transcendent power in Congress, then I
concede its authority, but by its own appointed
and proper agency, to construct and perpet-
ually maintain, but under its own continual
supervision, a railway in Kentucky. However,
I utterly deny to it the greater and anomalous
power to depute in perpetuity those sovereign
functions over a State to a corporation created
by the Legislature of Ohio.
The power of Congress to construct roads
and canals has been a controverted question
from the adoption of the Constitution. i con-
cede it to be one of great moment, of much
difficulty, and that it still remains unsettled.
When the clause to delegate to Congress the
power "to establish post offices and post
roads" was under consideration in the Con-
vention, Dr. Franklin moved to add these
words: "to provide for cutting canals where
deemed necessary;" and Mr. Madison sug-
gested " an enlargement of the motion into
a power ' to grant charters of incorporation
where the interests of the United States might
require and the legislative provisions of indi-
vidual States may be incompetent.' His pri-
mary object was, however, to secure an easy
communication between the States, which the
free intercourse now to be opened seemed to
call for. The political obstacles being rem-oved,
a removal of the natural ones, as far as possi-
ble, ought to follow."
The proposition was debated" by Franklin,
Wilson, Sherman, Madison, Randolph, and
Mason ; and " the motion being so modified
as to admit the question specifying and limited
to the case of canals—Pennsylvania, Virginia,
Georgia, ayes 3; New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina,
noes 8." "The other part fell of course, as
including the power rejected." (Madison
Papers, volume 3, 1576 and 1577.)
From this premise it has been argued, that
Congress has no power to construct works of
internal improvement in or through a State;
and especially that it has no power to grant
charters of incorporation to make such works.
The first branch of this proposition is impos-
ing ; I do not perceive how the force of the
second can be met and refuted.
The clause of the Constitution which dele-
gates to Congress the power to "exercise ex-
clusive legislation in all eases whatsoever over
such district (not exceeding ten miles square)
as may, by cession of particular States, and
the acceptance of Congress, become the seat
of the Government of the United States, and
to exercise the like authority over all places
purchased by the consent of the Legislature of
the State in which the same shall be, for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings," bears
closely and strongly upon the question of its
power to construct roads and canals in the
States.
No one can contend, with any reason, that
Congress could have established and have ex-
ercised exclusive legislation over a " seat of
the Government of the United States" within
a State without its cession by such State ; or
the like authority over places for forts, mag-
azines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other need-
ful buildings before they were purchased by
the consent of the Legislatures of the States
respectively in which they were situated. The
necessity of having locations, territory, for tbe
unquestionably national objects here specified
was certainly not less imperative or obvious
than for the construction of roads and canals ;
and if it be true that Congress cannot acquire
the power of legislation over localities for the
first class of objects without the consent of
the States within whose boundaries they are,
the position that Congress could not, without
such consent, obtain localities for objects of
the second class is still stronger, because there
is no express or specified power to construct
them given to Congress by the Constitution,
and if it exist at all it is only by implication.
I will continue still further the inquiry whether
this is a congressional power existing in that
form.
A jurisdiction and power in the States com-
prehending the right of eminent domain is
certainly the chiefest habiliment of their polit-
ical sovereignty ; and if it had been the purpose
of the great and wise statesmen who framed
the Constitution that Congress should be vested
with it, I think they would have expressed it
in clear language. They refused to give this
power expressly in relation to canals; they
provided that it should continue where it
always had been, with the States, as to " the
seat of the Government of the United States,
and as to forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings and this
strongly fortifies the position that it is not del-
egated by the Constitution, and it was not tha
intention of its framers that it should be.
The political sovereignty and powers of the
States respectively are primary and plenary
also, except so far as by the Constitution they
delegated them to the United States Govern-
ment or restricted themselves in their exercise.
As I have said before, Chancellor Kent holds
that—
"The Constitution of the United States is an in-
strument containing the grantof specific powers, and
the Government of the Union cannot claim any pow-
ers but what are contained in the grant, and given
either expressly or by necessary implication."
And I have also said that this principle has
been repeatedly asserted by Madison, Marshall,
Webster, Story, Taney, and all the eminent
constitutional lawyers and statesmen of our
country.
The advocates of the measure before the
Senate do not assume that Congress has any
express or specified power to pass it, but they
claim that the power "to regulate commerce
among the several States," and the "powers
to declare war" and " to raise and support
armies" imply and contain the power to enact
this bill into a law ; that those specified, ex-
press powers necessarily imply that Congress
shall have, as necessary and proper for carry-
ing them into execution, the power to pass a
law to authorize a corporation in Cincinnati,
created by an act of the Legislature of Ohio,
to enter into the State of Kentucky, she volens
vel nolens, and to take the lands and other
property of her citizens for the purpose of con-
