APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
Senate.
Cincinnati and Southern Railway—Mr. Davis.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
t'no execution of every implied power to the
department or officer charged with the correl-
ative specified power. It would be palpably
and equally out of the pale of congressional
discretion to attempt to commit any express
or specified, or any implied and incidental
power to a State, or the authorities of a State,
for execution. If this could be doneas to one
power of either class as to one State, it could
be as to all powers of both classes for every
State, and could proceed in this way literally
to dissect the entire Government.
Congress was made to pass laws for the Uni-
ted States, not the States, and they are to be
executed only by the United States officers and
agents. It can form 110 governmental partner-
ship, general or limited, with a State or States.
There has been occasionally a common instru-
mentality adopted by some of the States and
the Government of the United States to exe-
cute distinct powers which belonged to them
respectively; but this instrumentality, in the
execution of the powers of the one or the other
class, is under the exclusive control of the one
whose business it is transacting. This kind of
connection between the General and the State
Governments is clearly explained by Chief
Justice Marshall in his opinion in the case of
Gibbons vs. Ogden. In treating of "a duty
on tonnage," he says:
"This tax may beimposedbyaState with thecon-
sent ot' Congress, (the Constitution expressly per-
mits it;) ami it may boadmiued chat Congress oaimot
give a right to a State in virtue of its powers."
In our system of government this is un-
questionably a truism.
Congress could not beforehand have con-
ferred on the Ohio Legislature the power to
create acorporation in the city of Cincinnati to
construct a railroad in the State of Kentucky,
and its assent to such an act after it has passed
the Legislature of Ohio gives it no validity or
effect in Kentucky.
In a subsequent part of the same opinion
the Chief Justice says :
"Although Congress cannot enable a State to legis-
late, Congress may adopt the provisions of a State
on any subject.. When the Government of the Union
was brought into existence, it found a system for the
regulation of its pilots in full force in every State.
The act which has been mentioned adopts this sys-
tem, and gives it the same validity as if its provisions
had been specially made by Congress."
When those pilot laws were passed, it was
by Legislatures that had rightful and unques-
tioned power. One legislative body may adopt
a law passed by another legislative body, toti-
dem verbis, or as a totality, and, in either form,
it would become the law of the adopting Legis-
lature, and be as much subject to its amend-
ment, alteration, or repeal as though it had
never been enacted by any other authority.
Within the jurisdiction of the adopting Legisla-
ture, it would receive its whole sanction and
effect from it, not a particle from the one by
which it was first enacted.
The proposed measure is not a parallel to
those State pilot laws, that were adopted by
Congress at the very inauguration of the Gov-
ernment in 1789. The law of Ohio creates a
corporation, and proposes to invest it with
authority to construct and to maintain in per-
petuity a railway t brough t he State of Kentucky.
This is an act without any authority and wholly
invalid. The proposition is not that Congress
shall adopt and make it a law of Congress, and
acquire over it the power of amendment, of
alteration, and repeal, but brood over it, and
in some mystic way leave it a law of Ohio, to
be executed by her officers and agencies, and
yet impart to it so much of the virtue of con-
gressional and national legislation as that Ken-
tucky could not interfere with Ohio's execution
of it on her soil in all time to come.
The proposition is that acorporation in the
city of Cincinnati, created by an act of the
Legislature of Ohio, of date May 4, 1869, shall,
against, the will of Kentucky, leap over into
that State and enter upon all the lands on
any number of routes between Cincinnati and
the Tennessee line, at any season of the year,
and, with its engineers and hands, move at will
over yards, gardens, orchards, fields, and into
houses, and make their reconnaissances, sur-
veys, and estimates, and then decide to make
this railway or abandon it, as may seem fit to its
sovereign will, without any responsibility for
damage to the numerous citizens of Kentucky
whose premises they may have trespassed
upon; and, if it shall decide to make the road,
the work is to be done wholly irrespective of
the laws of Kentucky and of all control and
future legislation of Congress, but exclusively
subject to the aforesaid act of the Ohio Legis-
lature, and its future legislation for all time,
the whole enterprise and property of the road
to belong to and be managed by four trustees
of Cincinnati for her benefit, and Kentucky
and her government and her citizens to be
repelled from all ownership, interest, direc-
tion, or control in this gigantic railway scheme,
which is to stretch forever its ponderous pro-
portions across her greatest breadth. I do not
believe that the Senate will pass this offensive
measure—
1. Because of the want of constitutional
power.
2. Its manifold and fearful evils as a prece-
dent.
3. Its flagrant injustice to Kentucky and
her people.
4. The total absence of any real necessity
for it, either for national purposes or for the
trade and business of Cincinnati and that sec-
tion of our country.
I propose to say something in support of
this last proposition. As I have said, there
are now in existence five acts of incorporation
passed by the Legislature of Kentucky for rail-
road companies to construct roads from Cov-
ington, opposite Cincinnati, across the State to
the line of Tennessee, without designating any
particular point of contact on that line, but
each giving to the company, when organized,
the power to fix it. The oldest, called " the
Kentucky Central Railroad Company," has
had constructed, and in successful operation
for about twenty years, to the extent of one
hundred miles of its road, from Covington on
through Falmouth, Cynthiana, Paris, to Lex-
ington ; and for the whole period has frequently
and most earnestly solicited Cincinnati to aid,
by taking stock, in continuing it to the line
of Tennessee, in the direction of Knoxville,
or straight to Chattanooga; for a liberal sub-
scription the decision of that point would be
conceded to Cincinnati.
In 18G7 Kentucky passed an act of incor-
poration authorizing the construction of a
railroad "to begin at some point on the Ken-
tucky Central railroad, near Falmouth, or be-
tween that place and Cynthiana, and running
from thence by way of Mount Sterling, and
crossing the Kentucky river at or near the
Three Forks, and thence to the State line at or
near the Cumberland Gap," &c.
In the same year a company was incorpo-
rated to construct a railroad from a point on
the Ohio river, opposite Cincinnati, through
Grant and Scott counties, to Lexington, aud
then by Nicholasville to any point that said
company might select on the southern bound-
ary line of Kentucky.
In the same year a company was incorpor-
ated to construct a railroad from a point on
the Kentucky Central railroad at Paris, and
to run thence through or near Winchester,
in Clark county, and Richmond, in Madison
county, and in the direction of the Tennessee
line, at such point as the company may deem
most suitable, or to intersect any other railroad,
<fcc. And in 1869 the Legislature of Kentucky
incorporated yet another company, to construct
a railroad from the Ohio river by a section of
the Louisville, Lexington, and Cincinnati rail
road, and thence to run through the counties of
Henry, Shelby, Washington, Nelson, Marion,
Taylor, Green, Barren, and Allen, to a point
ou the boundary line between the States of
Kentucky and Tennessee, to be selected by the
president and directors of the company, &c.
These charters are all liberal in their terms,
conditions, and granted powers. Cincinnati and
her citizens and all natural and artificial per-
sons are free to take stock in them, and would
be most welcome subscribers even to an amount
that would give the control and direction of
them. The last-named company has near four
millions of stock subscribed by the counties
through which the road would ran aud their
citizens, and it has sent mission after missiou
to Cincinnati to solicit the subscription of
stock, with the assurance that if she would take
$1,000,000, the whole line of the road would
be immediately put under contract.
By tho project now proposed, that city is to
raise $10,00u,000 for the construction of a road
to Chattanooga, and for half that sum or less,
under some one of the charters passed by the
Kentucky Legislature, she could have a road
to the mountain pass of Chattanooga by her
own chosen line, and constructed and man-
aged under her own direction, and without
trampling under her foot the reserved sover-
eignty and rights of Kentucky. She would
have had all the rights of a State legislative
contract, sustained by the authority of the
Supreme Court and the Government of the
United States; and her subscription of that
amount would secure her both that protection
and the control of the road under its charter,
and would give joy to more than one half of the
people of Kentucky.
If existing charters were not satisfactory to
her, she could have had a new one with every
reasonable privilege and guard. But she turns
scornfully away from all this fair and reason-
able opportunity. The inhibition of the con-
stitution of Ohio to cities taking stock in joint
stock companies is but a pretext. Her consti-
tution is not unalterable ; on the contrary, it
provides for its own alteration, in a mode quick
and facile. It was only necessary that three
fifths of the Legislature which passed the law
creating this corporation should have submit-
ted to the people as an amendment to their
constitution, that Cincinnati should be em-
powered to subscribe stock in a joint stock
company to construct a railway to Chattanooga,
aud if supported by a majority of the vote given
at the ensuing election, it would become a
pari of the constitution, and remove all diffi-
culty to that city subscribing for railroad stock
in the mode permitted by the States generally
in their own projects.
It cannot be doubted that if the people of
Cincinnati earnestly desired, and would vig-
orously support, such an amendment of tha
constitution of Ohio, it would be adopted by
a majority of the people voting at a single
election. Cincinnati inveighs vehemently and
bitterly against the selfishness of Louisville,
for having procured the defeat in the Kentucky
Legislature of a proposition, that that State
should surrender ill perpetuity to her corpor-
ation the right of way and all the franchises
of a railroad across the entire breadth of her
territory; and this extraordinary proposition to
come from Cincinnati to another State, having
a rival city, if you please, without any effort to
modify the constitution of Ohio, so as to en-
able her to ask for and receive a charter from
Kentucky in the usual form. Pray, what but
selfishness, and sinister selfishness, could have
prompted her to enter upon so extraordinary
an enterprise? It is a common device with
thieves to join in the pursuit, and to shout
loudest the cry, "Thief!" "Thief!"
Before Cincinnati proceeds to construct a
railway in the State of Kentucky, at the cosS
