10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Constitutional Amendments—Mr. Archer.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
firm system of legislation, the passage of this
monstrous measure would be a great and fear-
ful stride in the opposite direction.
If Congress thinks a railroad ought to be
constructed from Cincinnati across her terri-
tory Kentucky would hail with joy the sub-
scription by the Government of millions, to the
stock of any of the numerous companies she
has incorporated to make such a road. If Con-
gress would undertake for the United States
to construct the road, she would waive her
doubts of its power, and most gladly accept the
boon ; if Ohio would change her Constitution
to authorize Cincinnati to subscribe stock in
one of her companies, she would shout to the
Queen city, "Come on with an amount that will
give you its control." But I conjure the Senate
not to pass this bill. Let the mastery over my
gallant State be still held by the United States
and its Congress, under the Constitution, and
not be transferred to Ohio and her corpora-
tion.
Constitutional Amendments.
SPEECH OP HON. S. ARCHER,
of maryland,
In tiib House op Representatives,
March 13, 1871,
On thejoint resolution affirming the powor ofCongress
to impose the ratification of tho fifteenth article
of amendments upon certain States as a condition-
precedent to representation in Congress, and declar-
ing the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth articles
of amendments to have been duly ratified by three
fourths of the States of tho Union.
Mr. ARCHER. The Legislature of the State
of Indiana adopted a series of resolutions, which
were directed to be sent to the Senators and
Representatives of that State in the Congress
of the United States, which resolutions were
as follows:
Joint resolution of theLegislatureof Indiana, with-
drawingits assent to the ratification of tho fifteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, That the pretended ratification of tho fif-
teenth amendment proposed to tho Constitution of
the United St«tes on tho part of the State of Indiana
was and is null and void, and of no binding forco or
effect whatever; and tho counting of the voto of tho
Stato in favor of tho same was done without any
lawful warrant or authority; and that, protesting
against tho same, this General Assonibly doc3 now
withdraw and rescind ali action, perfect or imper-
fect, on the part of this Stato purporting to assent
to and ratify said proposod fifteenth amendment.
Resolved, further, by the authority aforesaid, That
Congress has no lawful power derived from the Con-
stitution of the United States, nor from any other
source whatever, to require any Stato of tho Union
to ratify an amendment proposed to the Constitu-
tion of the United States as a condition-precedent
to representation in Congress; that all such acts of
ratification aro null and void, and the votes so
obtained ought not to be counted to affect tlic rights
of the people and the States of the whole Union;
and that tho State of Indiana protests and solemnly
declares that the so-called fifteenth amendment is
not (his d.iy, nor ever has boon in law, a part of the
Constitution of tho United States.
Resolved Jurther, by the authority aforesaid,^ hat the
State of Indiana does now propose and ask that the
Congress of tho United States may and will, as soon
as practicable, call a convention of tho States and
the people, according to the provisions of the fifth
article of tho Constitution of tho United States, for
the purpose of proposing amendments to said Con-
stitution for tho ratification of tho States.
I should not have felt myself called upon to
say aught upon these resolutions had I not
been present in the Senate of the United States
on the loth of February last and heard the com-
ments of Senator Morton (the distinguished
leader of the Republican party in that body)
upon those resolutions, and the introduction
this morning of a resolution relating to the same
subject by Mr. Wilson, of Indiana. The posi-
tions assumed by him are so subversive of the
Constitution and the liberties of the people
.that I cannot refrain from raising nay voice,
however feeble it may be, in opposition thereto,
hoping that it may help to awaken the people, the
sovereigns of the land, from their lethargic
sleep.
Sir, I contend that the honorable Senator
assumes a false position and builds his whole
argument upon a false assumption. If the
assumption or foundation be shown to be erron-
eous or swept from under him, his whole super-
structure falls with it. This assumption is
that treason is a crime and carries with it
the forfeiture of political rights ; that when
the people of the rebel States withdrew their
Senators and Representatives from Congress,
formally declared their severance from the
Union, and attempted to form a new and hos-
tile government, they forfeited their right to
representation, and could not resume it merely
because they had been defeated in battle, but
only by the permission and upon the condi-
tions prescribed by those who had remained
true to their country, acting through the Gov-
ernment of the United States. On this hypoth-
esis he proceeds to argue that treason was a
crime which carried with it forfeiture of polit-
ical rights, and that the loyal people acting
through the Government had a right to exact
guarantees for their future peace and safety.
This assumption and this theory might do
very well if there was no Constitution, no re-
straints upon the Government; and it is pre-
cisely the argument that might be urged in the
absence of limitations on the powers of the
Government. It ignores the Constitution en-
tirely. But its fallacy is transparent when
tested by the theory of the Government as it
was created by the Constitution. What, then,
is this Government? It is a Government which
owes its existence entirely to the Constitution,
which is its enabling law. It is a Government
created by the sovereign power of the people
who brought it into being by the Constitution,
which is a grant of power as well as a limita-
tion of power ; and, of course, as it was created
by the Constitution it possesses no other powers
than such as were given to it.
At an early period of the history of our
Government the Supreme Court, by Judge
Patterson, decided that the national Legis-
lature "is a creation of the Constitution;
it owes its existence to the Constitution, it
derives its powers from the Constitution, it is
its commission; and therefore all acts must be
conformable to it, or else they will be void."
And Chief Justice Marshall said ; " The Gov-
ernment of the United States, then, can claim
no powers which are not granted to it by the
Constitution ; and the powers actually granted
must be such as are expressly given, or given
by necessary implication." Certainly no one
will doubt, no one can doubt, that anything
which is created by an organic law, can pos-
sess other powers than those which have been
given to it by that organic law. And it is
morally impossible that it can legitimately do
anything which it has not been enabled to do,
as much so as it is physically impossible for
the natural person to do anything which the
law of his nature does not permit or which he
has not been enabled to do by that law.
But the Government cannot move of itself.
It must be administered by its agents; and
those intrusted with power are too much
prone to abuse it. Henee the framers of the
Government, to guard against this tendency to
the abuse of power and the more perfectly to
guard the liberties of the people, established
three departments of Government, to operate
as checks upon each other, so that each might
be compelled to move within its prescribed
orbit. And as there can be no liberty without
these checks, neither caa there be any security
for liberty when one department is permitted
to transcend its prescribed limits. As a mat-
ter of course, that department which originates
laws and public measures has the widest field
for the exercise of power; and hence the
greater is the danger of the abuse of power
by the legislative department; and if it be not
checked it is sure in the end to draw all power
to itself, in utter disregard of the limitations
imposed upon it by the Constitution.
The teachings of the fathers of the Consti-
tution on the dangers to be apprehended from
this source should be instructive to the Ameri-
can people ; and yet they seem to disregard
them and to have become indifferent to the
abuse of power. Mr. Jefferson said :
''All the powers of Government—legislative, exec-
utive, and judiciary—result to the legislative body.
The concentrating these in the same hands is pre-
cisely the definition of a despotic Government."
Mr. Madison was equally emphatic in his
warnings in the danger to be apprehended from
this department of the Government when he
said—
" The legislative department is everywhere ex-
tending tho sphere of its activity and drawing all
power into its impetuous vortex."
And he se ems to have keenly felt the danger
to be apprehended fiom the encroaching spirit
of this department, and gave this warning to
his countrymen:
"It is against the enterprising ambition of thia
department that tho people ought to indulge all
their jealousy and exhaust all their precautions."
The progress the Republican party has made
in concentrating all power in Congress fur-
nishes abundant evidence of the foresight and
sagacity of these eminent American statesmen ;
and their warnings should have been received
and cherished by the people as a necessary ac-
companiment and guard to the Constitution
which they gave us. But startling as this pro-
gress has been, and as palpably as it has been
manifested, the American people, or a majority
of them at least, manifest no alarm, no dis-
trust ; indeed they seem to approve usurpation
and even worship at the altar of ambition on
which their liberties are being sacrificed. Do
they not know that the love of power is nat-
ural, and that those who possess it will incline
to extend it beyond its proper limits and to
prolong its duration, and that danger to their
liberties is the inevitable consequence? Against
its encroaching spirit their only safeguard lies
in their vigilant watchfulness ; they have no
other sure guarantee for their liberties. If they
depend upon the oaths they administer to their
gents, this, if we may take the opinion of a
great man, affords no protection.
Gouveneur Morris said:
" The ideaof binding legislators by oath is puerile.
Having sworn to execute the powers granted accord-
inff to their true intent and meaning-, they will, when
they feel a desire go farther, avoid the shame, if not
the guilt, of perjury, by swearing tho true intent
and meaning to be, according to their comprehen-
sion, that which suits their convenience."
I shall now take up the several features in
the honorable Senator's theory of government,
and try them by the test of the Constitution,
and hope to show their fallacy and the danger
the people incur by adopting them, or by even
permitting them to pass without rebuke. He
begins by saying:
"The position taken by the friends of the Gov-
ernment was that treason was a crime and carried
with it the forfeiture of political rights."
All will admit that treason is a crime; but
it is defined by the Constitution to consist only
in levying war against the United States or in
adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort. Now, I ask, is Congress made a court
for the trial of treason ? Is there any clause
or provision from which an inference may be
drawn that Congress has any jurisdiction over
treason, except to declare the punishmentafter
conviction, which must be done by law passed
before the crime is committed. And may Con-
gress convict for treason? If so, it may con-
vict for any other offense just as well, and thus
erect itself into a court of star chamber or high
commission, which were so odious to the peo-
