248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Government is interrupted. Officers charged
with their collection, men who served in the
Union Army and who bear the commission of
the United States Government, come here show-
ing the scars inflicted upon them by masked
men at midnight. The inability or indispo-
sition of Congress to make the laws of the Uni-
ted States potent throughout our national lim-
its has invited these outrages, has given a
premonition of what will be the condition of
affairs between now and December, and has
justified the President of the United States in
asking us to give him power to protect life on
every inch of our soil. I thank the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] for his cour-
Mr. SHELLABARGER. How much time
have I remaining, Mr. Speaker?
'The SPEAKER. Fifteen minutes.
, Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man does not intend to call the previous ques-
tion on his motion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield to the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Buckley.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Speaker, I take the
floor simply for the purpose of making one
statement in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.] If he wants to know where
the mails of the United States are interfered
with I can tell him upon very good authority.
Last autumn a United States mail agent named
Frank Diggs, traveling officially in the mail
ear upon the Selmaand Meridian railroad, was
shot dead in broad daylight by a man who,
as he took aim with his double-barreled shot-
gun threw from his face his mask; and this
mail agent was engaged at that time in assort-
ing the United States mails.
Mr. BECK. I spoke of the Kentucky case.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Andyet this Government
has never put forth one particle of power to
arrest that murderer, nor can it under existing
laws. The local authorities are either unable
or unwilling to do it.
Mr. BECK. More shame, then, to the pres-
ent administration of the Government.
Mr. BUCKLEY. The Government does not
protect its own lawfully accredited agents there.
But the fault is not with the Administration.
The President, in the message just read, has
asked of Congress additional legislation to
enable him to suppress such lawlessness and
murder.
Mr. BECK. Has not the Government of
the United States the power to arrest anybody
guilty of these outrages; and let me ask the
gentleman why these men are not arrested ?
Mr. BUCKLEY. Wait a moment. The
successor of this man who was shot at that
place was a confederate soldier who had served
four years in the war of the confederacy and
was afterward appointed agent on that same
route; and the first trip he made he was warned
by a man in disguise, who leaped into the mail
car with pistol in hand, to leave that route or
change his politics, or he would be shot the
next trip he made. But I do not propose at
the present time to go into these facts.
A Member. What were his politics?
Mr. BUCKLEY. He was a Republican, of
course. But, as 1 have said, I do not intend
to go into the facts, i rose merely to answer
the statement of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Hereafter a more befitting occasion will be
afforded, when this committee shall report their
action, to lay before the House the facts in
connection with these southern outrages, and
to urge upon the attention of the House and
country the necessity of promptly doing some-
thing to rescue our endangered liberties and
to protect the citizens of the southern States in
their persons, their property, and their lives.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield now
for five minutes to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not see what there is in the present stage of
this matter to create such or so much excite-
ment. _ The President has sent us a letter
to-day in which, however, I understand he does
not profess to have any information which was
not in possession of the House before. He re-
fers the House to facts in the possession of the
Senate, alluding, no doubt to a report made
some weeks since on investigations made by the
Senate committee. That report we have all
seen. No new facts are presented to the House.
There is now no state of the case different
from that which we have had ever since the
4th of March. There is nothing now. There
is simply a sort of half and half recommenda-
tion on the part of the President that we should
do something. He is in some doubt as to the
power he has now under the law ; and the Con-
gress of the United States is the very last
tribunal to appeal to for the purpose of settling
doubts in reference to points of law.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether under those circumstances
this ought not to be referred, for the very pur-
pose of solving those doubts?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was about to speak
of that. I do not agree, however, to the sug-
gestion. I was about to say that the last tri-
bunal to solve a legal doubt in the mind of the
President is a committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The President is furnished with
an officer at the head of the Department of
Justice to whom should be referred this ques-
tion, if he has doubt as to whether the law is
sufficient now for his purpose.
As to the facts, we have no new facts, and
this House has resolved and reresolved five
times since we met here on the 4th of March
that it is not worth our while to remain here
and legislate, but we should adjourn sine die.
at the earliest possible moment.
What is the necessity for all this excitement
over the message which has been sent to us
by the President? As I have stated, he adds
nothing to our information on this subject.
Gentlemen have created doubts in his mind,
upon which, it seems, he has sent us a letter
expressing in some sort his opinion that we
should legislate. We have expressed our
opinion over and over again that we had bet-
ter not legislate on this question now. The
more we legislate the more harm we will do
and the more these evils will continue. In-
stead of doing good we are doing harm. This
House has wisely so resolved repeatedly in the
present aspect of this question ; and I see noth-
ing to change my resolution in that regard.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield for
one minute to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman from Illinois
has stated to this House that there is nothing
new in this message, that there is nothing in
it which the House did not know before. I
ask his attention to this fact, that the House
has been divided on the very question which
the President makes plain in his message, and
that is, whether he has the power to enforco
the law and protect these parties in the South.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do I understand
the gentleman to ask me a question?
Mr. SHANKS. Wait a moment. I wish
to say to the House that whatever an executive
officer believes the law to be, that is a law to
him; and if the President believes there is no
power in his hands to protect these people in
the South he will not exercise a power which
he believes he does not possess.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He does not say that.
Mr. SHANKS. He does say that as clearly
as language can express it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He only expresses a
doubt.
Mr. HOAR. It seems to me that that gen-
tleman has studied slightly the principles of
constitutional liberty who does not see that in
a grave and momentous crisis like this it is
proper that every extraordinary exercise of
power should, if possible, instead of being left
to the discretion of the Executive, be distinctly
authorized beforehand by the Representatives
of the people. From the time Congress ad-
journs until its reassembling next winter the
remedy tor such wrOngs, so fair as it depends
upon executive action, must of course be in
accordance with the law, but the Executive
himself has doubts as to what is the law and
the extent of his power under it. Therefore,
when the President informs us that, in his
judgment, his powers are not clear, for this
Congress to depart hence without making them
clear is on the one hand to surrender the peo-
ple to the executive interpretation of doubtful *
powers, and on the other hand to abandon the
Executive to be denounced by every gentleman
on the other side of the House for usurping
power in every act he may do.
Mr. Speaker, it is not true that there has
been no change since the 4th of March. The
evidence comes to us by every mail and by
every pulsation of the telegraph from day to
day that these outrages are continuing and
increasing. The Meridian outrage has been
since the 4th of March. The outrage on Palmer
the teacher, a man of culture, of education,
of character, who, simply for teaching a colored
school, was seized, held down by his hair, and
scourged with fifty lashes, and has just come
to Washington to tell the story of his wrongs,
that outrage took place on the 8th of this very
month. A few days subsequently the super-
intendent of schools in the county adjacent to
that in which Palmer resided was driven away
by these fiends, simply for exercising his duties.
Since Congress assembled, some of the high
State officers of the State of South Carolina
have received notice from these secret bands
to lay down their functions and depart. It is
idle then for the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] to get up here and say that noth-
ing new has happened since Congress assem-
bled.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did we not know all
these facts before we voted to adjourn ?
Mr. HOAR. No, sir. Any man who knew
these facts and voted to adjourn has on his
head the blood of those loyal men in the South
who may fall victims to these outrages.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not feel that.
With a knowledge of the facts mentioned by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, a large
majority of this House has repeatedly voted to
adjourn. The Governor of Mississippi, him-
self a Republican, has stated that the State
authorities have power to deal with these out-
rages.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. As I have voted for adjourn-
ment, and have not given in my adherence to
the so-called Butler bill, I desire to say a word,
and only a word, on the motion before the
House. We have received a message from the
President. We are bound to give it a respect
ful consideration of some kind. It is usual to
refer executive communications like this to
some committee, and the implied assent of
the House is usually given for the Speaker
to make such references of his own accord.
We have no standing committees. The only
reference, therefore, which we can make is to
a special committee. Courtesy, usage, justice,
and every other consideration demand it.
The question before the House is not as to
the merits of any particular bill. The com-
mittee may report that no action shall be had.
We cannot tell in advance what kind of a bill
it may recommend. Thereforeit seems to me
that the discussion in advance of the refer-
ence needs to be only of a very limited and
unimportant character. With these views, I
have no other alterantive, and I do not see
how other gentlemen can do otherwise than to
vote for a reference of this bill to a special
committee, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] has moved.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Now I have but
a moment or two left.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has three
minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to say this,
that by no action or vote of mine shall the pre-
vious question be called upon any measure that
