1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ments to the resolution heretofore adopted,
upon the suggestion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Casserly,] was incorrect. The
Chair will read the forty-second rule :
"42.—The legislative proceedings, the cxecitive
proceedings, and the eonfidentiai legislativeproceed-
ings of the Senate shall be kept in separate books."
It was contended yesterday that everything
that went upon the legislative Journal must
necessarily be legislative business. Senators
are of course advised of the fact that that is
not a correct construction of the rule, as the
history of it shows. It grew out of the fact
that all the proceedings of the Senate were
formerly kept upon one Journal, and it was
deemed necessary to separate them. But upon
the legislative Journal of the Senate a variety
of motions and actions upon them are incor-
porated which certainly are not legislative.
For instance, a report in regard to the right
of a member to his seat, which is not legisla-
tive, for by the Constitution that is expressly
placed in the jurisdiction of the House alone
of which he is a member. A resolution for the
expulsion of a member is not legislative, for
by the Constitution that can be done by the
Senate or by the House of Representatives
without the concurrence of the other body ;
and yet for purposes of convenience they are
incorporated in the legislative Journal, as
they are not exesutive business.
The Chair thinks that this whole question
depends upon the definition of the word
"legislative." The language of the resolu-
tion adopted by the Senate is "no other legis-
lative business and the question is, what is
"legislative business?" The first authority,
of course, that naturally occurs to all is Web-
ster's Dictionary, and if Senators will consult
that they will ascertain that the first definition
of the word "legislative" is as follows: "that
makes or enacts laws; law-making;" and the
Chair thinks this definition is exactly correct,
although Senators may smile at his indorsing
the definition in the dictionary.
The Chair then turns to the Constitution of
the United States to ascertain what "legisla-
tive" means. The very first article of the
Constitution and the very first section of that
article reads as follows:
" All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives."
Aud undoubtedly the framers of the Con-
stitution believed that the word " legislative"
there used meant, as the Chair thinks it does
in this resolution, "law-making." The Con-
stitution, as it was before the last three amend-
ments were adopted, has the word "legisla-
tion" only, the Chair thinks, in one of its sec-
tions, and that is the one giving the power to
Congress to enact a variety of legislation; it
is in the seventeenth paragraph of the eighth
section of the first article:
" To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever, over such district (not exceeding tea
miles pquaro) as may, by cession of particular States,
and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of
the Government of the United States, and to exer-
cise like authority over all places purchased by the
consentof the Legislature of the State in -which the
same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needlul buildings."
Undoubtedly, there the framers of the Con-
stitution understood "legislative" or "legis-
lation" to mean "law-making;" andthethree
well-known amendments to the Constitution
recently adopted, the thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth, each closes with the word "legis-
lation:" "Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation cer-
tainly not by one branch acting alone. The
Chair thinks the word "legislative" in the
Senate order embraces within it exactly what
the Constitution says is embraced within the
meaning of that word, and that is law-mak-
ing, and, of course, as a corollary, the inci-
dental progress to law-making, such as bills
and instructions to report bills. The Chair
therefore thinks that a resolution directed to
a committee to report a bill, to the Commit- I
tee on Public Lands to report a land bill, to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Boads
to report a post-office bill, would be in the
nature of incipient legislation; but the Chair
does hot think that a resolution calling upon
the Executive for information, a resolution in
regard to the right of a member to his seat, a
resolution in regard to the expulsion of
member from his seat, or a resolution express-
ive of the opinion of the Senate, is an act of
legislation.
The Chair noticed that in the discussion
which occurred yesterday one of the Senators
sitting in front of him said :
"If the words read from the Globe, which I did not
hear, (and which must have been inadvertently
uttered by the Vice President; he could not have
had this rule before him which on its face does
include Senate resolutions.) in any degree ombiirrass
or constrain the.present occupant of the chair"—
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. An-
thony]—
"I shall ask that this question be submitted to the
Senate."
And the Chair will, with great pleasure, sub-
mit this question to the Senate. It has always
been the usage of Presiding Officers, when a
restrictive rule is adopted by a body of which
they are not themselves members—as the Vice
President is not a member of the Senate, he
only presiding over it by virtue of the Con-
stitution—that the body, if it so desire, should
have tby3 opportunity to construe the rule for
itself; and hence tho Chair will, with great
pleasure, without embarrassing any Senator by
requiring him to take an appeal, submit this
question to the Senate.
The Chair desires, however, to read, what
confirms him in the opinion he has expressed,
from the Congressional Globe for the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, second session, page 1452,
containing the proceedings of the Senate in
March, 1861, when called together, for the
transaction of executive business, by the then
President, Mr. Lincoln. On the 14th of March,
1861, this occurred :
"petitions.
" Mr. Powell. I present a petition of various cit-
izens of Superior, Wisconsin, praying for tlxe adop-
tion of the Crittenden compromise.
",Mr. Fessenden. That can hardly be presented,
I apprehend, at this session. We cannot do any
legislative business, and I think it improper to pre-
sent petitions for matters of legislation.
"Mr. Powell. "Why not?
"Mr. Fessenden. Congress is not in session.
" Mr. Powell. X am aware of that. I merely
wish to present the petition and lot it lie on the
table.
" Mr. Fessenden. _ My question was as to the pro-
priety of presenting it at all. It is a precedent. It
calls for legislation. I raise tho question upon the
propriety of it. It is nothing in reference to tho
petition itself, but simply because I doubt whether
there is any propriety m receiving it.
" Mr. Powell. I can see no impropriety in that.
The petition is addressed to the Senate, and is re-
spectful in its terms.
"The Vice President. Does the Senator from
Maine ra.iso the question ?
"Mr. Fessenden. Yes, sir.
"The Vice President. The impression of the
Chair is that such communications have been re-
ceived at previous sessions, simply for the purpose
of placing them on tho files of the Senate, and not
for the action of tho Senate.
"Mr. Fessenden. Very well, sir; I tako no
appeal.
"The Vice "President. This communication,
therefore, will be placed on the files of the Senate."
Under this ruling the Chair suggested it as
his opinion to-day that as the Senate is acting
in the same relation now as it would at a ses-
sion called by the Executive for the transac-
tion of executive business, except so far as the
four points named in the resolution adopted
on the 22d instant are concerned, it is proper
for petitions to lie on the table, as their refer-
ence would be a legislative act. The Chair
reads now from the proceedings of the Senate
on March 15, 1861, page 1457, of the same
volume of the Globe:
"steen and mullan's report.
" Mr. Wilson. I was directed yesterday by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report back a report of tho Secretary ot War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, communications h-otn Major Steen and Lieu-
tenant Mullan relative to the movement of troops
overland to the northern portion of the department
?! '5° f ?£ifio, with a request, as it contains a certain
iuna oi information, that it be printed."
The Senate are aware that no order to print
can be made except by a resolution of the
Senate ordering it. Mr. Wilson continued:
"I presented it yesterday, and it was, I believe,
thought not to be strictly in order. I have looked
over the record since, and I believe we may print it
as a matter of information. It does not propose any
legislation.
"The Vice President. The impression of the
Chair yesterday wits that it was like tho one of the
previous day, which had been committed to a com-
mittee. The Chair learns, on investigation, that
this subject has been committed at this session,
and is not one that requires any other action than
that of tho Senato. A motion to print, therefore, is
in order."
Another authority which the Chair would
like to suggest to the Senate is a resolution
offered by the then Senator from Illinois, now
deceased, Mr. Douglas:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform the Senate what forts, arsenals, navy-yards,
and other public works, within the limits of the
States of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, are now within
the actual possession and occupation of tho United
States, and by what number ol men oach is garri-
soned and held, and whether reinforcements aro
necessary to retain the same," &c.
The Chair willnotread thewhole of the reso-
lution, because its object is disclosed by read-
ing the first part of it. It was a resolution
calling on the Secretary of War for informa-
tion in regard to these forts, the civil war hay-
ing then commenced. Mr; Fessenden objected
to the resolution being received because—
"This is a mere executive session of the Senate:
and the resolution, if it contemplates anything, con-
templates legislation."
That question was discussed, and the Senate
that day refused to take it up ; but upon the
succeeding day, March 15, 1861, after the col-
loquy between the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] and the Vice President, which
has already been read, the Globe reads as fol-
lows:
" forts in the seceding states.
"The Vice President. If there be no further
resolutions, the next business in order is the resolu-
tions on the tablo which have heretofore been sub-
mitted.
" Mr. Douglas. Let the first one be read.
"The Vice President. The following resolution
is in ordor, which will be read by the Secretary.
"Tho Secrotary road it, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of War," &c.
.Without any further objection the resolution
of the Senator from Illinois was considered.
A debate ensued, reaching through nearly the
whole of that called session, occupying a num-
ber of pages, the resolution having been ruled
in order and called up by the Chair. Being
a resolution which, although it might seem to
look toward legislation, yet did not propose
legislation, it was proceeded with, acted upon,
debated, and decided. The Chair now will
submit this question to the Senate.
Mr. THUUMAN. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair before the question is submitted
to the Senate. Under the rules of the Senate
a question of order is to be decided by the Vice
President without debate ; but an appeal may
be taken from that decision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This commits the ques-
tion to the Senate.
Mr. THUUMAN. I understand that; but
an appeal may be taken from a decision of the
Chair, and in general that appeal is debatable,
but there are exceptions to that rule. Now,
the inquiry I wish to submit to the Vice Pres-
ident is this: when the Chair, instead of decid-
ing a question of order submits it to the Sen-
ate, and it is to be decided by the Senate, is
debate cut off? ["No!" "No!"] It must
bedebatable, then, otherwise there never could
be any debate upon it.
The VICE PKESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator from Ohio, that when the
Presiding Officer submits a question of order to
the Senate it of course involves debate.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I supposed.
The VICE PKESIDENT. The Chair, in
