THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
submitting a question to the Senate, sometimes
states his own views of it, as the Chair has done
on this occasion, because the remark he made in
response to the Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] during the pendency of the resolu-
tion was not inadvertent. The Chair had the
resolution before him at the time, and was
of the opinion that it did not inhibit what he
has now stated, namely, resolutions calling for
information, resolutions in regard to the right
of a member to his seat, resolutions in regard
to the expulsion of a member from his seat,
resolutions expressive of the sense of the
Senate ; but it does exclude (and the Chair
thinks the language of the resolution shows
that specifically) resolutions directing a com-
mittee to report a bill except the one specific
resolution of that nature which, is excepted.
But the Chair desires to state also, if he may
be allowed to trespass still farther on the
time of the Senate, that during the session
of July, 1867, when the Senator from Rhode
Island offered a restrictive resolution, it was
of a somewhat different character from this.
That resolution, which was rigidly enforced
during that session, and the effect of which
■was decided several times by the Senate, read
as follows:
" Resolved, That the business of the session be
confined"—
There is no exception—
"That the business of the session be confined to
removing the obstructions which have been or are
likely to be placcd in the way of the fair execution
of the acts of reconstruction heretofore adopted
by Congress, and to giving to said acts the scope
intended by Congress when the same were passed.
The question was repeatedly stated to the
Senate during that session by Mr. Wade, then
President pro tempore of the body, and the
Senate adhered to that resolution through the
entire session, except where it was waived by
unanimous consent. The Chair will now sub-
mit this question to the Senate, whether reso-
lutions calling for executive information, res-
olutions expressive of the sense of the Senate,
and also those involving the rights and_ privi-
leges of members of the body, are inhibited by
the resolution which the Senate has adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire whether
the formula which the Chair has just announced
is reduced to writing, so that it may be referred
to hereafter as to the extent of the decision?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the mind
of the Chair exactly; but he has not reduced
any of his remarks to writing. He will put
the proposition in writing, with great pleasure,
if that is desired.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair to repeat
again the exceptions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits the question in this form : whether reso-
lutions for executive information—and that
■would include what occurred yesterday, when
a message came from the President in regard
to the condition of the South, if any Senator
had said that he desired to offer a resolution
asking the Executive for the information on
which he transmitted that message to Congress,
the Chair would not have supposed that to be
out of order—whether resolutions calling for
executive information, resolutions expressive
of the sense of the Senate, and resolutions
affecting the rights and privileges of members
of this body, are in order.
Mr. THURMAN. Without being very par
ticular about how this matter is submitted, I
beg leave to suggest to the Chair that the par-
ticular question before the Senate is this: is
it out of order for the Senator from Massachu-
setts to offer his resolution? I contend that
that resolution should be read and submitted
to the Senate, and then the Senate can decide
whether that comes within the order made the
day before yesterday or not. I do not sup-
pose it will be necessary to decide all the ques-
tions which might come within that order or
not. The question is whether this particular
resolution offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts inhibited by that order or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sired to submit the larger question— -
Mr. THURMAN. I am not finding fault.
The VICE PRESIDENT. So that it would
not need a repeated submission to the Senate
or decision by the Chair ; but if the Senator
from Ohio insists ; the Chair will submit the
single question before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg to be understood.
I am not at all criticising the course of the
Chair, which I think eminently proper.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Chair will
adhere to the suggestion made by the Chair in
some form. I think, on the reasons assigned
by the Chair, the Senator from Ohio will see
the propriety of that mode of doing it.
In the first place, a resolution cannot be
read until it is in order to offer it or until after
it is received. Indeed, if it were in order it
could not be read on the first day under the
rules of the Senate. Therefore the process
now suggested is inconvenient. But, iu addi-
tion to that, I did not, as I mentioned to the
Chair, aim my point of order at any particular
resolution nor at any particular member of the
body. I prefer not to do so. I wish, if I can,
to have this rule preserved in its integrity, as
far as it exists, and therefore it strikes me—
and I think the Senator from Ohio will agree
to that—that the Chair proposes much the
better way of taking the sense of the Senate.
I repeat, we have not heard the resolution
read. Under other rules of the Senate we
caunot hear it read. It is not in order to read
a resolution, to consider it even to that extent,
on the first day of its being offered.
Mr. SUMNER. I gave notice yesterday of
the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. That, I submit, does not
affect the remark I am making. The resolu-
tion was not offered yesterday in the sense of
being offered and received; therefore it has
not lain over one day. If it shall be received
at all it will be received this morning, and
cannot be considered at all to-day, except
by unanimous consent, without reference to
the particular rule to which the Chair has
adverted. Therefore, I say that it seems to
me it is not worth while to direct the point
of order to a particular resolution. But it so
happens that we cannot do it intelligently, I
submit to the Chair and to the Senator from
Ohio. Therefore I hope, as one member of
the body, that the Chair will adhere to his
suggestion to submit the question in such a
form that the decision will guide us in the
future.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from New
York cannot make as a point of order that no
resolution is admissible. That is an abstract
proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. But, if my friend will
allow me, I can make a point of order against
him that, under this rule, any resolution he
offers at any time, without stopping to inqnire
what it is, is not admissible. That is my point.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that the
Senator may argue that; but the point of order
must be that the resolution that is offered is
not in order. That is the point of order; that
it shall not be received because it is not in
order to receive it; and he may argue in sup-
port of that proposition that no resolution at
all of any kind .is in order; but he cannot
make an abstract proposition the subject of a
point of order. Therefore it is narrowed down
to this: is the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in order? It is the
opinion of the Chair that some resolutions
would be in order and others would not be in
order, and the Chair submits it to the Senate
to decide the question whether this resolution
is in order; and how can we tell whether this
resolution falls within one category or the other
category until we have it read?
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will allow me
to say that if we pass upon the question which
the Chair proposes to submit we certainly
shall fix the metes and bounds of order; and
then, if the resolution does fall within one of
the exceptions, if the Senate so rules, it will
be received; if it does not, it will be excluded.
What can be more convenient than that?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I think this is a
very plain proposition, and I am precisely of
the same opinion in relation to it now as I was
yesterday. The Chair has correctly decided,
in my opinion, that there are resolutions which
are admissible, and that there are other reso-
lutions which are not admissible, because they
come in conflict with the order that the Sen-
ate has adopted. Now, how can the Senate
decide, when the question is referred to the
decision of the Senate, whether a resolution be
of the class which the Chair thinks admissible
or not without having the resolution read ?
The honorable Senator says the resolution
cannot be read. To read a resolution has two
meanings. One is a general meaning and the
other is a technical meaning. All bills must
be read upon three separate days—that is, in
the technical sense of the word ; yet every day
they are read time after time for the inform-
ation of the Senate. Now, the reading of the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
is asked for in this latter sense, not as a read-
ing technically to the Senate, but as a reading
informally, for the information of the Senate,
that it may decide the question whether it
comes in the category of the resolutions that
are admissible under the order or under the
category of the resolutions that are not admis-
sible because they are in conflict with theorder.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York was careful to say that his,objection was
not aimed at any particular resolution or any
particular Senator. Very good, sir. We stand,
then, on principle. No objection is made to
any special resolution, no objection to any
special Senator. Now, sir, the practical ques-
tion will be, how shall your Journal be made
up so that it caii be an authority for the future?
I have had the honor of offering a certain reso-
lution, and the question is on its reception,
but how shall that be recorded in the Journal?
How can a record be made except after a read-
ing of the resolution? for it is only by a read-
ing of the resolution that the Chair or the
Senate can know that the resolution is in any
respect obnoxious to any rule.
1 submit, therefore, that for the sake of the
Journal, for the sake of the precedent, the
resolution must be read before there can be
any action of the Senate even on the decision
of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts rising in his place and proceed-
ing to offer a resolution, the Senator from New
York objects to its consideration under the
order under which the Senate is now acting 
Mr. CONKLING. Or rather, if the Vice
President will allow me, the Senator from New
York raises the point of order under the rule
adopted by the Senate. I would rather not
have it putin the form of an objection, because
I do not know what the resolution is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I make this
question. I want the resolution of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts read, not technically,
but that I may understand what the question
is which has been submitted to the Senate ;
that I may vote intelligently upon it I want it
Mr. CONKLING. The question is, shall it
be let in, so that it shall ever be read to-morrow
or at any time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide this point. On the 8th of July, 1867,
when the Senate was acting under the restrict-
ive rule proposed at that session by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,! the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] rose
to offer a resolution in regard to Maximilian s
decrees in Mexico, and, according to the Globe,
the following proceedings occurred;
" Mr. StjMsek. I would rather the Senator would
bo good enough to proceed in orders offer the reso-
lution firdt, so that it may be understood.
