14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
one election. What has become of the con-
stitutional right of the State of Mississippi?
To provide by law for the election of its own
Representatives, to superintend those elec-
tions, and to grant certificates to those chosen
to office by its people ? The Constitution
provides "the House of Representatives shall
be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several States." But
here we have the entire delegation of a State
chosen to two Congresses at one election.
Irf explanation of this we are told that the
twenty-fifth section of the constitution of the
State of Mississippi provides for the election
of members to two Congresses at the first elec-
tion held under it. Who framed this consti-
tution, which violates the Constitution of the
United States and the right of the people to
choose for themselves Representatives every
second year? And who proposes to enforce
such a constitution? Wasitthe people of the
State of Mississippi ? I deny it. That consti-
tution was framed by a convention of adven-
turers, negroes, and renegade partisans, elected
by a foul wrong upon the rights of the people,
who at the polls rejected that constitution, and
which by Congress was a second time ordered
to be submitted to them, with instructions to
the military to supervise the election, coupled
with an intimation that its adoption was desir-
able. This hint was sufficient, and the neces-
sary steps taken to insure its adoption.
Under the reconstruction laws of Congress,
which authorized General Am s to issue cer-
tificates of election to the Representatives from
that State, he was enabled to secure the elec-
tion of a State Legislature, who, notwithstand-
ing his ineligibility, chose him to the Senate
of the United States. And when he doffed his
uniform for senatorial robes he might of his
sword with truth declare, "By this I con-
quer."
The election of General Reynolds to the
Senate from the State of Texas is another
instance of a Federal general securing his own
preferment in exercising an arbitrary power
conferred by your laws, and which were in-
tended to insure party ascendency. What is
true of these officers is true of hundreds of
others now holding office all over the southern
States in opposition to the will of the people
whom they oppress by their laws and impov-
erish by their government. Is it strange that
dissatisfaction exists in the South? Are we
surprised that a people deprived of self-gov-
ernment, and ruled over by former slaves and
strangers, who have 110 sympathy for them,
should be restive ? Do men suppose the
reconstruction policy of Congress has brought
peace to the South and prosperity to the na-
tion? The very opposite of this is true. This
disregard of the rights of the people, these
repeated violations of the Constitution, this
policy of governing by the military, is telling,
day by day, upon the life of the Republic.
And yet, in the face of these facts, we are
asked to vote for resolutions the first sentence
of which indorses the usurpation of Congress
from which has sprung all these evils. I under-
stand the object of the geutleman who moved
this resolution and of his party who seconds
his motion. It is a trick better befitting a
cross-road politician than men engaged in
making laws for forty million enlightened peo-
ple, the object being to place the Democratic
party in a revolutionary attitude toward the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution. But in this you
will fail. The Democratic party is faithful to
the Constitution, obedient to the laws, and
earnest in its defense of the rights of the peo-
ple. It is the Republican party who have been
guilty of violating the Constitution, outraging
the rights of the people, and, by the most
revolutionary proceedings, usurping functions
which do not belong to Congress. And this is
intended to be continued so long as that party
dares to trifle with the rights of the people,
who are now becoming roused to a sense of
the wrongs which it has inflicted.
The recently adopted amendments to the
Constitution are in the precise condition of
any other unconstitutional law; they are bind-
ing to all intents and purposes so long as
they are not repealed or abrogated by the
authority of the people, exercised in the mode
provided for by the Constitution, or so long as
■their adoption is not declared by the Supreme
Court to have been obtained in violation of the
provisions of the Constitution. But whenever
such action is taken by the people, or such
decision rendered by the Supreme Court, the
amendments become nullities. Such are the
provisions of the Constitution in relation to
its amendments, a faithful adherence to which
will be given by the Democratic party, which
has ever been first in war, first in peace, and
first in its devotion to constitutional govern-
ment.
It is a well-established principle of the Con-
stitution that a State has no power to withdraw
its ratification of an amendment after such
has been promulgated as part of the Consti-
tution. The exercise of such power would
enable any number exceeding one fourth of
all the States at any time to annul every and
all amendments to the Constitution which have
been adopted by them. Nay, more; it would
enable any number of the original States
greater than four thirteenths of their whole
number to abrogate the entire Constitution,
from the fact that the establishment of the
Constitution required its ratification by nine
of the original thirteen States.
Nor do the resolutions passed by the Legis-
lature of the State of Indiana place the people
of that State in hostility to the spirit and letter
of the Constitution. In their first resolution
they denounce their pretended ratification by
a former Legislature to be a fraud upon the
people of that State, and the counting of the
vote of that State in favor of the same to
have been without lawful warrant or authority,
and therefore the pretended act of ratification
null and void. In their next resolution they
declare—
"That Congress has no lawful power derived from
the Constitution of the United States, nor from any
other source whatever, to require any State of the
Union to ratify an amendment proposed to the Con-
stitution of the United States as a condition-prece-
dent to representation in Congress; that all such acts
of ratification are null and void, and the votes so
obtained ought not to be counted to affect therights
of the people and the States of the whole Union ; and
that the State of Indiana protests and solomnly de-
clares that the so-called litteenth amendment is not
this day, nor never has been in law, a part of the Con-
stitution of tho United States."
A more stubborn fact than this was never
uttered by a Legislature. But do the people of
Indiana propose to remedy these wrongs by
revolution or by insubordination to the Con-
stitution and the law? Hear them in their
next resolution, which is as follows:
"That the State oflndianadoes now propose and
ask that the Congress of the United States may and
will, as soon as practicable, call a convention of the
States and the people, according to theprovisions of
the fifth article of the Constitution of the United
States, for the purpose of proposing amendments to
said Constitution for their ratification by the States."
This last resolution clearly defines theredress
which the people of Indiana propose, a re-
dress provided by the Constitution, with every
right, privilege, and authority proposed to be
exercised guarantied to them and to the people
of the several States by that instrument.
And now, in conclusion, permit me to indulge
in a few remarks in relation to the existing
disorders in the South. That such disorders
exist I do not doubt, but that they are exag-
gerated no candid man will deny.
Nothing has been to me a source of more
surprise than the general peace and order
which prevail in southern communities, who,
since the war, have been subject to an ordeal
of humiliation, vituperation, and oppression
never before imposed upon any class of our
race on this continent. Scarcely a charge
made against George III in the Declaration
of Independence which might not with truth
be preferred by the southern people against
the Congress of the United States, who ''has
refused its assent to laws the most whole-
some aud necessary for the publicgood;" who
"has denied them the right of representation,
a right inestimable to them and formidable to
tyrants only;" who " has dissolved represent-
ative houses repeatedly;" who "has created
a multitude of new offices and sent thither
swarms of officers to harass their people and
eat out their substance;" who "has kept
among them in times of peace standing armies
without the consent of their Legislatures;"
who " has affected to render the military in-
dependent of and superior to the civil power
who " has combined with others to subject
them to a jurisdiction foreign to their consti-
tutions and unacknowledged by their laws;"
who "has given its assent to their acts of
pretended legislation;" who "has quartered
large bodies of armed troops among them
who "has suspended their Legislatures and
declared itself invested with power to legis-
late for them." A party "whose character is
thus marked by every act which may define
a tyrant is unfit to rule a free people."
And such, ere long, will be the judgment of
the American people. Is it strange that a peo-
ple thus goaded and wronged should turn upon
their oppressors and commit acts of violence?
Are we surprised that a people harassed by
negro officials used by heartless adventurers,
who take pleasure in the humiliation of a peo-
ple they hate, should forget themselves at times
and take vengeance on such vampires?
I entreat you, reflect and change your policy
toward that people; relieve them of their dis-
abilities; restore to them the right to govern
themselves. This will do all that can be done to
restore peace and order in those States. The
discord resulting from the elevation of the
negro race to that of a governing class never
can be fully remedied. It had its foundations
deep in the laws of nature and of nature's God.
That common Creator of them both has placed
wide distinctions between the white and the
black races. The climate, food, pursuits, and
government required for the one are unsuited to
the other. Therefore, they cannot exist in har-
mony on terms of equality in the same Govern-
ment. God has not so ordained it, and your
enactments will not repeal His laws.
Ku Klux organization.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BAYARD,
of delaware,
In the United States Senate,
March 20, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution offered by Mr. Sherman in regard to the
organized bands of desperate and lawless men in the 1
South—
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: By the understanding of
the Senate the whole subject in controversy
which stands between us and adjournment is
legislation of the chaTaeter suggested by the
resolution offered by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and upon which
he addressed the Senate on Saturday :
Resolved, That as organized bands of desperate
and lawless men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguihed,
and bound by oaths and secret, obligations, have, by
force, terror, and violence, subverted all civil author-
ity in large parts of the late insurrectionary States,
thus utterly overthrowing tho safety of person and
property, and all those rights which are the primary
