THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
purpose the Chair does not know; bat he must
construe it according to its text—
"That the Senate trill consider at the present ses-
sion no other legislative business,"—
and therefore, if the understanding of the
Chair that "legislative business" means law-
making is correct, and this resolution differ-
ingfrom the resolution of 1867, which excluded
all business with one exception, while this
excludes.all other " legislative business" 
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire, with the per-
mission of the Chair, what is the difference to
which the Chair adverted between this resolu-
tion and the resolution of 1867 ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state with great pleasure, because he
desires the Senate to decide it for his guidance
as well as their own. The restrictive resolution
of 1867 reads as follows:
■ "Resolved, That the business of this session be
confined to removing the obstructions which have
been or are likely to be placed in the way of the fair
execution of the acts of reconstruction," &a.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Chair whence comes that version of the resolu-
tion of 1867 ? I inquire because I have it before
me in the Globe and elsewhere, and it reads:
"Resolved, That the legislative business of the ses-
sion be confined"—
so and so; and throughout the debate I see that
word is so involved that the debate could not
have occurred unless it had been "legislative "
business of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
handed his copy of the Globe to the reporters ;
but if the Senator will send up the copy he has
he will see that the Senator from Rhode Island
modified this resolution after he first offered
it, so that it read, when agreed to on the 5th of
Ju4y, 1867:
"Resolved, That the business of the session be con-
fined," Ac.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair will allow
me, I have the Globe before me, which I will
send to the Chair, of the 8th of July, and of
subsequent days, and wherever the resolution
appears—I have it twice before me—the word
"legislative" occurs:
"The President pro tempore. The resolution
adopted on Friday last will bo read, so that we
may understand it.
"The Caief Cierk read the following resolution,
adopted by the Senate on the 5th instant:
_ "'Itesolved, Tbatthelegislativebusinessofthisses-
eion be confined to removing tho obstructions,'" &c.
ihat was on the 8th, and the Chair will see
from the debate following that wherever the
question arose the turning point was upon the
words "legislative business" there. I think
iu transcribing the resolution the error per-
haps may have occurred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, in re-
gard to the first point, will consult the Globe
and correct himself if he is wrong, which he
thinks he is not. In regard to the second
point, the Chair will state that in his opinion
the Senator from New York is wrong. The
turning point, as he will see, was upon the
point made by Mr. Tiiumbull on the 11th of
July, aud again made by him on the 11th of
July, and again on the 12th of July, whether
various propositions as amendments to the
amended reconstruction act were intended to
carry out its true intent and meaning, or
whether they were additional provisions of
legislation.
Mr. CORBE I'T. Mr. President—
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
Oregon will allow me, merely for the conven-
ience of the Chair, I have the Journal of the
Senate before me from which I read
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator send the Globe to the desk?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir ; I will send it
in a moment with the Journal; but first, as I
was about to read, I will read from the Jour-
nal of tiie 5th ot July, 1867. Various amend-
ments that were offered to this resolution were
voted down:
' The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of
the Senators present, those who voted in the affirm-
ative are—
I omit the roll—
"So it was
"Resolved, That the legislative business of this
session be confined to removing the obstructions
which have been, or are likely to be," &o.
I now send both the Journal and the Globe
to the Chair.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply rise to inquire
what the question before the Senate is ; whether
the question is if the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts is in order, or such reso-
lutions are in order; aad if that is decided in
the affirmative, whether the question then is
whether we shall receive the resolution? I ask
if that will be the question then in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
twice answered that the question is whether,
under the resolution heretofore adopted by
the Senate, the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts is in order.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I ask the Chair the
further question, whether the question will
then be on the reception of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be decided
to be in order, the Senator from Massachusetts
will have the right to offer it, and if any Sen-
ator should object it would lie over under the
twenty-sixth rule, which provides that a reso-
lution must lie over one day for consideration,
if it is in order and any Senator objects to its
present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I not understand that
the Chair decides that resolution is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If he had so
decided, it would be the decision of the Chair
unless it was appealed from. He has not so
decided. He expressed his opinion, but stated
that, as it was desired yesterday that this ques-
tion should be submitted to the Senate, he would
submit it to the Senate for their action.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask ifit is not proper
for the Chair to give a decision on the point
when presented, leaving it for the Senate to
appeal ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the attention of
the Chair to the fact that it is one o'clock and
this business is superseded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
advised that a point of order submitted by
the Chair to the Senate must be decided, irre-
spective of the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move to
lay this matter on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Business must not be
stopped by this matter; and I move to lay the
point of order upon the table.
Mr. THURMAN. What will be the effect
of that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry.
I inquire of the Chair what effect a vote to
lay the point of order upon the table will have
upon the question of the reception of the res-
olution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be to
leave it undecided, as it will be laid on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be taken up again
to-morrow morning I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A Senator can
move to proceed to its consideration at some
time when it will be in order. Thequestion now
is on laying on the table the question of order
submitted by the Chair to the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to understand 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not debat-
able.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that; but I want
to understand what we are to vote on. The
Senator^ from Massachusetts offers a resolu-
te. That is in the nature of a motion that
the Senate adopt his resolution. The ques-
tion of order is whether that can received. If
that question of order can be laid on the table,
the inquiry I. submit is whether we are not
then remitted at once to the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts? Laying the
question of order on the table will lay the res-
olution of the Senator from Massachusetts
with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect would
be precisely the same as it would be of laying
an amendment to a bill on the table, except
an appropriation bill; it would carry the bill
with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be taken up at
any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the resolution is not
before the body, and therefore it is the appli-
cation for leave that goes on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Exactly. The
Senator from Ohio moves that it lie on the
table.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ayes were twenty-six.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Edmund?, Ferry of Michigan, Frciinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas. Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe. Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt. Rice, Sawyer, Sherman, West, Windom, and
Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Cragin, Dans of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Johnston,
Kelly. Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Schurz, Spencer. Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, T'nurman, Tipton,Vickers, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Carpenter,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Kellogg, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Sye, Ramsey, Seott,
Sprague, Stewart, and Trumbull—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas have
it; and the question of order is laid upon the
table. If the Senate will indulge the Chair,
however, the Chair will now respond to the
Senator from New York, and the Chair is now
confirmed by the Globe, although he was in-
correct in regard to the use of the word " legis-
lative." He is, however, confirmed by the
Globe, which contains the debate on that
occasion, in the remarks as to the definition
of the word "legislative," with which he
opened this consideration of this question.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair will indulge
me one moment, I did not call the attention
of the Chair to anything except that one word.
I thought it had been omitted in the copy of
the resolution handed to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was omitted
in the copy of the resolution made for him
from the Globe, and the Chair will state how
it was done. On the 5th of July, 1867, the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
offered a resolution that " the business of the
session should be confined to removing the
obstructions which have been or are likely to
be placed in the way of the fair execution of
the acts_ of reconstruction." The Senator
from Maine (Mr. Fessenden) suggested to the
Senator from Rhode Island that he strike out
theword "should." The Senator from Rhode
Island accepted the amendment, and the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the resolution. In
the middle of the debate, which runs through
many pages, an incident occurred which the
Chair did overlook. The Senator from Rhode
Island rose and said:
'I ask unanimous consent to correct a clerical
error in the resolution which I had tho honor to
present. The word'legislative* should have been
inserted before the word ' business, ' in the first
line, so thsit it would read 'no legislative business.'
ihat was in the original draft ot r.he resolution, but
m tho copying it was left out by mistake."
There does not appear, from the Globe, to
have been any action on this suggestion ; but
evidently the right of the Senator to modify
his resolution was acceded to, and it was modi-
fied, and thus appears in that shape in the
Journal. In that point the Senator from New
York is correct. The Chair now desires to at*
tract the attention of the Senate to the const ruc-
tion which the Senate at that time unanimously
put upon the resolution then adopted on the
