1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 SB
motion of the Senator from Rhode Island, and
the word "legislative" which it contained.
The Senator from Missouri (Mr. Henderson)
offered a resolution in regard to Indian hos-
tilities. A point of order was made, and the
Senator from Missouri (Mr. Drake) partici-
pated in the debate, stating that he did not
think it needed unanimous consent to allow
his colleague to offer a resolution. The Sen-
ator from Kansas [iMr. Pomeroy] stated:
"that is not a resolution of legislation ; noth-
ing that looks to legislation." And thereupon
this followed:
"The President pro tempore. The resolution
adopted on Friday last will be read, so that we may
understand it.
"Ttie Chief Clerk read the following resolution,
adopted by the Senate on tho 5th instant:
" * Resolved, That the legislative business of this
session be confined to removing the obstructions
•which have been, or arc likely to be, placed in the
way of tho fair execution of the acts of reconstruc-
tion heretofore adopted by Congress, and to giving
to said acts the scope intended by Congress when
the same were passed, and that further legislation at
this session on the subject of reconstruction or on
any othersubjects is not expedient.*
"Mr. Grimes. I have no doubt myself that the
construction given to tho rule by the Senator from
Missouri on my right [Mr. Drake] is the correct one.
that such a resolution as that offered by the Senator
from Missouri on my left [Mr. Henderson] is not
legislative business, nor requiring the action of tho
other coordinate branches of the Government; and
it seems to me this is as good a time as any to have
the question settled by tho Senate, for I believe ques-
tions of order are settled by the Senate. I trust,
therefore, that we shall have the question presented
to the Senate, and that wo shall decide that mere
calls for information upon the Departments or the
President are not legislative business, so that tho
question may not come up again in any other shape.
"ThePresident protcm-poro. I was about to make
that proposition. The Chair has aright, I believe,
under our rules to have the Senate pass upon this
question of order. Tho question will be, then,
whether it is in order for a Senator to offer a reso-
lution of ir^uiry; andtheChairwouldpropoundthat
question to the Senate.
" Mr. Pomeroy. There cannot be any question
about that; nobody disputes it.
"The President p rotempore. There can bea ques-
tion about anything.
" Mr. Sumner. Is that open to debate*
" The President pro tempore. I suppose it is.
" Mr. Sumner. X would say then, sir, that while
it would seem verv irrational to out off resolutions
of inquiry, yet it seems to me that under the terms
of the resolution adopted on Friday they are cut off.
As I understand the business of the Senate, it is three-
fold: it is legislative, executive, and diplomatic. Tho
two latter classes of business occur in what is called
executive session, with closed doors. The first class
is in legislative &ps?ion, with opendoors. All that
we do with open doors, I submit, is legislative in its
character. There may bo no statute or resolution
under consideration, but the information that is asked
for contemplates legislation.
These were remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts, differing from his remarks at
the present time, as the Senate is advised. But
the Senate unanimously overruled his views,
as follows:
"The President pro tempore. The question is: Is
the resolution ot inquiryoffered by the Senator from
Missouii in order withoutthe uuaniuiousoonsenfcof
tho Senate?
"The question being put, it was determined in the
affirmative, nem. con.
"Tho President pro tempore. The resolution is
in order. Is there any objection to its present con-
sideration ? The Chair hears none. The resolution
will Go lead. .
"The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior
communicate to tho Senate any reports mado to his
Department by commissioners heretofore appointed,
or by superintendents or agents of Indian tribes,
together with any other authentic and reliable in-
formation in his pobbession, touching the origin and
progress of existing Indian hostilities on thefront-
ie*'He will further communicate to tho Senate, as far
as ho can, tho extent of the disaffection among the
Indian tribes; whether thev are waging war as
tribes or as individuals; and if as individuals, what
disposition has been or is likely to be made of the
friendly Indians formerly belonging to what are
known as hostile bands; and that he make such sug-
gestions as in his judgment will lead to the most
speedy termination of pending hostilities and pre-
vent Indian wars in the future.
"The resolution was adopted.
"Mr. Henderson. I offer another resolution on
the same subject.
[" Here follows the resolution.]
"The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to."
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I inquire of the Chair
whether there was a division, or was it passed
without a division ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
read what the Globe says:
" The question being put, it was determined in the
affirmative, nem. con."
It thus appears to have been unanimously
decided, no Senator dissenting, that resolu-
tions of inquiry were not within a prohibition
against the consideration of legislative busi-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING*. May I inquire whether
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] did
not state that the simple question was on re-
ceiving that resolution, and whether it could
be considered under the rule at any time would
be another thing?
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be considered
without a vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly must
have the unanimous consent of the body on the
day it is offered to be considered within the
rule; but the Senate decided that under the
Anthony rule of 1867, prohibiting all legisla-
tive business, resolutions of inquiry were in
order. This matter, however, is laid on the
table, and the Senate resumes the considera-
tion of the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair be good
enough to state now the precise condition of
the resolutions? As I understand, the ques-
tion of order submitted by the Chair is laid on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair add to the
obligations of the Senate by stating further
what is the precise condition of the resolutions
t nptylqai upq f
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not
received by the Senate. That is their precise
condition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon a motion made by
any Senator to take it up the Senate can then
by a majority decide whether they will con-
sider St. Domingo at this session.
Mr. SUMNER. May decide what?
Mr. SHERMAN. May at any time by a
majority take it up and consider it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; take up the point
of order.
Mr. SUMNER. But the question I wish to
submit is this: is not the resolution within
reach at any time during the morning hour to
be called up ?
Mr. CONKLING. Not without a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
A point of order was made upon the resolutions
by the Senator from New York. That point
of order the Chair submitted to the Senate.
The Senate has laid the point of order on the
table ; and therefore the resolutions have not
yet approached the threshold.
Mr. SUMNER. Then do I understand the
Chair that the first question for the decision
of the Senate will be the point of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It will be.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I wish to give notice
that at an early day I shall move these resolu-
tions as an amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio now pending before the
Senate; and on that account I ask that the
resolutions be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate on that occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Have they not been
printed already?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They appear in
the Globe this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Not as presented this morn-
ing. There is an additional resolution, which
was omitted yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that these resolutions be printed, they
not yet being received by the Senate?
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question of
the Chair? Does the Chair say that these reso-
lutions are printed in the Globe this morning?
I have not read the Globe myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are printed
in a note to the Globe. " ■ <
Mr. SUMNER. Not as presented this
morning. - -
Mr. CONKLING. Then they were printed
in the Globe without having been read in the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts states to the Chair that the reso-
lutions, as now presented, differ from the text
as printed in the Globe.
Mr. SUMNER. It is in a note to the Globe
that they are printed.
Mr. CONKLING. But my point is this: the
Globe properly is a transcript of the proceed-
ings here. These resolutions, in any form
whatever, were never read in this body yester-
day. An attempt was made to read them, an
attempt to insist upon reading them, which
attempt continued through one or two, per-
haps, of these resolutions. If the series was
printed in the Globe, it was printed there by
dint of a perseverance which did not gain an
opportunity in the Senate to have them read.
I do not wish to object, however, to the request
now made.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] is entitled to the floor
on the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senate to
allow the resolutions on which I propose to
address the Senate, and which I shall move, to
be printed according to the usage of the Senate.
Is not this leave habitually given ? Has it ever
been refused?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that these resolutions, not being
received, be printed?
Mr. CONKLING. As an amendment to be
offered to something else?
Mr. SUMNER. As an amendment that I
intend to offer to the pending resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.' There is no objection, and the
order to print is made.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I am going to throw
myself on the indulgence of the Senate. I had
hoped to address the Senate on this question
before the last session of Congress closed ; but
it may be known to my personal friends that I
became unexpectedly ill, unable to appear in
my place or to take any part in public business.
Since then I have regained my health slowly
and not completely now. But the importance
of this subject moves me to attempt to address
the Senate upon it, and I hope I may have the
indulgence of the Senate next Monday to pro-
ceed with this question, which I propose to
present in connection with the pending reso-
lution in which the Senator from Indiana takes
so great an interest. I propose to consider it
in connection with the outrages at the South.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will have permission to make
his speech either on Monday or to-morrow, or
at any time he sees proper. For one, I desire
expressly to give my consent to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. While I assent to that,
and I think the request of the Senator from
Massachusetts will not be denied, yet at the
same time I must insist that this subject of
San Domingo shall not be considered. I
shall therefore feel bound at any time when it
is brought up for our action, and we are called
upon to vote, to move to lay it on the table,
but not so as to interfere with the Senator if
he desires to make a speech.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a remark,
having submitted the point of order. I sought
to avoid in the point of order that I made the
particular resolution here ; but I do not wish
my point to be construed into an unwillingness
to concede any courtesy to any member of this
