1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
42d Cong.... 1st Sbss.
K% KLux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
even if that led to the shooting of every pris-
oner ; and," said the honorable Senator from
Ohio, u that is law." "Law" where? ''Law"
among what people? It is not the law among
savages. There is,,in my opinion, only one
thing worse than to do these things. Hot
blood, fear, excitement may makemen threaten
such things; but is that quite as fearful as to
argue in favor of it, justify it with deliberation ?
Is this the temper of a judge? Can a people
expect justice from the brain and the heart
that can conceive such an argument? Kirk
never saw a writ except the writs of habeas
corpus that he spat upon and despised. When
law came to him clad in its proper garb, he
sneered at it, he cursed it down. That is all
that he knew of il writs," the writs of habeas
corpus that he would tear up and trample
under his feet.
Would you know something of his charac-
ter, what he has been? Take first his own
testimony. He and Bergen were strangers to
the people of North Carolina; they were called
therefor his infamous purposes by the Gov-
ernor. Kirk was not a citizen of the State;
he was living in Tennessee; and Bergen has
sworn that except during his six weeks of ser-
vice and the time he lay there in jail, from
which he was released subsequently by Judge
Bond, he never was on the soil of North Car-
olina or knew one of her people. The constitu-
tion of North Carolina expressly provides that
none but citizens of that State shall be members
of her militia. But what cared Mr. Holden for
the law of North Carolina? What cared he
for the oath he had taken to support that con-
stitution? Nothing. When his path toward
power was clear to his eye, he marched it,
trampling down law, oaths, justice, humanity
iiself. A gentleman named Dr. Rowan, one
of the most estimable citizens of all that State,
a man in his seventieth year, was one of those
whose characters have been so aspersed by the
honorable Senator from Ohio; he was one
of those unfortunate enough to fall into the
clutches of Kirk. He w^s ill. Kirk forbade
his removal although his retention in prison
was almost at the cost of his life. Mr. Kerr,
who had received some slight personal court-
esy from Kirk—that is to say, had been per-
mitted to leave this prison under guard and
go for a few moments to his own home and
return—has declared that the language of Kirk
was this:
Question. Do you remember his informing Kirk
of the dangerous condition of his brother, and his
wan-ing to have him removed under guard, and
Ivirk refusing to allow it?
Answer, Yes, sir; I heard about it at the time.
Old Dr. Roan, who resides at a convenient distance
fiom the court-house, told Kirk that his son was in
a dangerous condition; young Dr. Roan likewise
stated that he was in a critical condition, and asked
th;it he might be sent down to his father's residence
under guard, Tney just wanted to get him in a
chamber where ho could have proper care and bet-
ter attention. Kirk swore ho would not do it; said
he might stay there and die; he didn't care. I heard
it, and I think that was the language.
Question. Was his language to the prisoners con-
stantly of that violent character?
Answer. I do not think it was constantly; it was
very often violent. Ho is a man of exceedingly irri-
table temper—exceedingly violent when irritated.
Question. Have you any knowledge of tho cruelties
perpetiated on his prisoners by hanging them up?
Answer. No, sir; I heard from Mr. Wiley, in my
county, a statement of how ho was treated. It was
a gross outrage.
Question. What was done with him ?
Answer. He was arrested on the day I was, at his
farm, about nine miles distant from the town. This
man Bergen found him in the Grid at the plow and
arrested hitii. He asked to be allowed to go to his
house and put on some clean clothes. Tiiat was re-
fused, and they undertook to foreo him. Mr. Wiley
is a very mild man csecpt when excited, and when
they undertook to forcc him he resisted. They
knocked him down with a fence rail, and then took
him and tied him on his horse. Then with a hickory
whip t.hey would givethe horseone liekand himself
one, giving them alternate strokes for several miles.
He is subject to palpitation of the heart, and itcaine
very near killing him. When they reached thecourt-
house he complained of palpitation, and wanted to
sit down. They would not allow him to do so. but
carried him into the room* A physician had to be
42d Cong, 1st Sess.—No. 2.
sent for promptly. He was very rudely and cruelly
treated; they confined him there alone, and offered
him various indignities. I know nothing of these
things except what I have heard.
He heard these things from men who were
there in prison with him.
At page 398 there is some testimony relating
to Colonel Kirk's character. Captain N. A.
Ramsey was a gentleman whom Governor Hol-
den commissioned as a militia officer to take
charge of the county in which he lived. His
whole testimony is set forth here. Governor
Holden in 1870, at the time he was about to
declare the counties of Alamauce and Caswell
in a state of insurrection, commissioned Cap-
tain Ramsey to superintend the county in which
he lived, for the preservation of peace and order.
Captain Ramsey says:
Question. Did you know what was tho reputation
of Colonel Kirk, who was sent there by Governor
Holden ?
Answer. Ho had a notoriously bad character as
being a bad man evory way.
Question. What were the acts alleged to have been
committed by him?
Answer. All kinds of aots that a villain and a thief
could perpetrate.
Question. State some of the crimes you have heard
alleged against him.
Answer. I heard that during tho war he was upon
the western part of our Stato arresting parties. That
of itself amounted to nothing, as a matter of course;
but ho would commit acts of cruelty upon them after
they wero taken prisoners. Ho did not have any
idea of honor, but would take things that did not
belong to him. Ho was a bad man generally in
every way.
Question. His character, then, was notoriously bad?
Answer, Oh, yes, sir.
At page 371 of this testimony Josiah Tur-
ner, jr., is asked:
Question. Did you know Ivirk? Did you ever see
him?
lie answers:
Answer. I never saw him before.
Question. Whatpartof the world did lie come from?
Answer. He came from East Tennessee to North
Carolina. Ithinkhewas raised in North Carolina
originally, but he came there from East Tennessee.
Kirk himself stated he was born in Tennessee.
Qupsiion. What was his reputation ?
Answer, It was bad.
Question. When ho camc there?
Answer. Yes, sir; ho came there with a bad repu-
tation.
Question. In what respcct is his reputation bad ?
Answer. As a plunderer and murderer.
Judge Battle, formerly the chief justicc of
North Carolina, who was asked, at page IGti,
in regard to Kirk, says:
Question. What was his reputed character?
Answer. If you will allow mo to speak of what I
have heard—I havo never lived m Tennessee, of
which Stato he is said to be a resident—I can state
what I have heard and what has been deposed upon
tho trial of Governor Holden, upon his impeach-
ment. It was said that his character was that of a
desperate ruffian; that at the beginning of the war
he had joined the confederates, and afterward had
gone over upon tho other side and had acted as a
jayhawkcr, as they are called out West.
That statement was made upon the sworn
testimony of Colonel Cocke, formerly a mem-
ber of Congress from Tennessee. I do not
propose to go outside of what was proven here,
01* I might state facts related to me in regard
to this infamous wretch by witnesses who would
have testified had time permitted their exam-
ination, but I do not propose to say anything
further about him. I think I have shown
enough to any candid man to satisfy him that
it was an absolute insult to the sense of pro-
priety of the country to tender such men as
witnesses in their own behalf. As well sum-
mon the murderer to prove the evil character
of the man whom he slew; as well bring him
out of the felon's dock where he belongs and
place him in your witness-stand, as to bring
that man here to testify against the peace and
good order of the State of North Carolina. We
have commented upon the strange insensibility
exhibited in the production of such a man as
a witness. I have not been accustomed to see
such characters in any other place than on
trial for their crimes, or behind the bars of a
jail, where they ought properly to be. And
yet, sir, but the other day I heard a bill read,
which I believe has been referred to some
committee, " for the relief of Colonel George
W. Kirk," that from the public Treasury of
the United States he may take $6,000 for some
services; whether those performed by him in
North Carolina or not I cannot tell.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me,
T will suggest that this morning I heard that
this Lieutenant Colonel Bergen was nominated
by the President for an appointment.
Mr. BAYARD. I was just coming to that
fact. It is published in the papers the nom-
ination by the President of the United States
of this Mr. George B. Bergeti as United States'
consul at Pernarabuco. I believe he is the
identical man. The Senator from North Caro-
lina, whom I see in his seat, can state whether
this is the choice specimen of good government
which was brought into North Carolina, and
was so "discourteous" to the people of North
Carolina, as described by the honorable Senator
from Ohio. I believe he is the same man. Sir,
I would not intentionally do injustice to any
political opponent, and that man's nomination
surely never could have been obtained from
the President of the United States, or from
that most respectable gentleman, his Secretary
of State, if his true character had been known
to them. There must have been misinforma-
tion upon the subject, some deception, which
I trust, now that this man's character, here
stamped upon the pages of this testimony of
the witnesses called before the committee, may
at least save us from the disgrace and outrage
of having such a man commissioned represent-
ative of the people of the United States.in a
foreign country.
And here I may remark that something was
said by the honorable Senator from Ohio in
regard to a sneer which he said was contained
in the comments at page 8 of the views of the
minority in regard to the class of testimony
and the witnesses brought here to sustain their
allegations; that we had spoken sneeringly of
Mr. James E. Boyd. I shall come to his case
presently, because the Senate will observe that
it is upon the ex parte testimony of that young
man these allegations chiefly depend for their
verification. We said in our report:
" Then follow three or four editors of Radical news-
papers, and with them State officers, judges, solicit-
ors, sheriffs, and constables, all apprehensive of
tho constitutional convention which shall deprive
them ot their salaried offices or party spoils, each
man speaking more or less vehemently in his own
immediate interest, but not ono testifying facts,
within his own knowledge, tending to prove North
Carolina to bo less safe as a place of residence than
any portion of the Union lying north of her bound-
aries."
Sir, that is strictly and perfectly true, and
the record bears it out. Are you to apply the
general rules of evidence in this case differ-
ently from ordinary cases? Not so, sir. Hu-
man testimony is subject to great laws and
principles of evidence. One of those rules is,
that the credibility of a witness is affected by
his interest in the decision of the question
before him. It has been the invariable rule
until lately that any interest, however slight or
remote, would disqualify a witness. I believe
modern legislation has in some degree quali-
fied that, and permitted the objection to affect
his credibility, not his competency; but the
impeachment of his credibility is always open.
I ask Senators, I put the question to the plain,
honest men of the country at large, what would
be thought of a witness who should come
before a committee, or before the bur of any
court, swearing to tell the whole truth in re-
spect to a transaction, and who, it was subse-
quently discovered, had a bribe in his pocket,
and had received money for that which he
never disclosed to you he had any motive in
being paid for? Nay, further, what would you
think if a party interested in a suit shoul<l
bring a witness who should testify strongly in
