18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
bENATE.
Ku Klux Organisation—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
bis behalf, and you should find just after the
trial the witness had been advanced to a lucra-
tive position? And yet both of these facts are
established in this case.
This Mr. James E. Boyd, the famous Ku
Klux leader, the confessor, the developer of
the whole of this scheme, without whose aid
their whole fabric tumbles to the ground,
while he was giving us that testimony, was con-
cealing from us the fact that he had in his
pocket a bribe from Governor Holden for the
betrayal of his former associates. His own
friend, Mr. Albright, and the record of the trial
of Governor Holden'simpeachment, show that
he had his fee of $250 to prosecute these very
men whom he was endeavoring to implicate,
as a witness, by his own confessions. So much
for Mr. Boyd.
Now what of Judge Thomas Settle? He is
one of the chief witnesses for this prosecution.
He is a man of fair deportment, against whom
I have nothing to say except that which he has
proved himself, which the records of this Sen-
ate prove, that Judge Thomas Settle, after he
had left his home and done what he could to
break down the reputation of the Common-
wealth that gave him birth, to subject her to
laws unknown to the history of our country,
is rewarded with the mission to Peru. Mr.
Thomas Settle is a gentleman whose political
disabilities were removed by the same bill that
took them from the Senator from North Caro-
lina who sits before me, [Mr. Pool.] He, the
" ex-rebel " as you call him, is now your rep-
resentative at a foreign court; a minister
nominated by your President and confirmed
by this body ; and there is the remarkable
coincidence that his preferment follows closely
upon his contributions as a witness against his
own people.
This Senate, who will not consider the bill
reported from the Committee on Disabilities
and remove the political disabilities from the
Senator-elect (Mr. Vance) and allow him to
serve his country as in heart and brain he is
willing and able to do, reward Mr. Settle, and
make him your sole representative in a foreign
country. There is an illustration of parti
san injustice which I think gentlemen in the
majority on the other side would do well to
consider. With such cases as that, how can
you, Senators of the Radical majority, answer
the charge that you are using your great pow-
ers for the removal of disabilities simply as a
means of repressing your political opponents,
and rewarding those who come creeping to
share in your political flesh-pots?
Now, Mr. President, although in looking
over the speech of the honorable Senator from
Ohio I was unable to find the direct charge,
though I believe I heard it on Saturday, yet
constantly suggestions have been made to the
conntry, echoed by others on this floor, that
there was a disposition on the part of the mi-
nority of this committee to justify these out-
rages committed in the State of North Carolina,
to extenuate or apologize for these crimes
committed in that State. In reply to this our
language, as used at page 38 of our report,
should be considered. We have termed these
outrages "detestable and wicked." Is stronger
language needed? I defy the Senator who
made the suggestion, I defy any other who may
choose to follow in his track, to point out one
line, one word by either member of the miuority
that will bear the possible construction of sym-
pathy with the.se detestable, cowardly out-
rages committed upon the poor people of the
State of North Carolina. No, sir; our party
is the party of law and of order. We are con-
sistent with its principles. But before con-
demnation and punishment we ask for proof.
We ask that when men or communities are
accused of crimes there shall be that due order
of law for their protection which the Consti-
tution of our country demands. The fifth
article of the amendments to the Constitution
declares that no man—
"Shall be compelled, in any criminal case, to be a
witness against himsolf, nor be deprived of iife, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law."
This is all that we ask ; and it is in vain to
say to the American people, because we de-
nounce these illegal trials, because we denounce
this system of obtaining information, that
therefore we have the least sympathy with
the wrongs alleged to have been committed.
Professions of humanity are easily made. In-
deed, so far as my experience of life has gone, it
seems to me that men who are the loudest in
those professions are sometimes the feeblest
in their performance, and that parties based
upon what they call " great moral ideas" are
frequently found the agents, the executive
power, for the destruction of everything which
those ideas profess to sustain.
To show that there is utter lawlessness in
North Carolina the Senator from Ohio charged
that no conviction for any of these alleged
offenses against law and order had ever oc-
curred. Now let me refer the Senate to one
fact: the State of North Carolina was com-
pletely and wholly under the control of the
Radical party; her judges were all of that
party; her Governor was of that party; the
machinery of the government of that State was
entirely in their hands; their laws were framed
with a view to meet and punish this class of
offenses. The President of the United States
in his message, at page 42, communicated a
copy of a law of North Carolina which I sub-
mit to the Senate gives, if anything can give,
complete remedy for overcoming the prejudice
alleged to exist in certain quarters against
punishing men connected with the commission
of these outrages. I read from the second sec-
tion of the act of January 29, 1870:
"That, upon motion of a solicitor of a district, it
shall be the duty of the judge thereof to remove the
trial of any person who has been, orwhohereaftermay
be, indicted in any county in the State for murder,con-
spiracy, or violationof an act entitled "Anact mak-
ing tho act of going masked, disguised, or painted,
a felony." ratified the 12th day of April, A, D. 1869.
from the county in which such offense may have been
committed to such other county in his district, or
adjoining district, as the solicitor may designate;
and any judge before whom such case is pending may,
upon his own motion, make such removal."
The practical operation of that law is this:
if a case came on for a hearing and the soli-
citor or the judge had the least idea that the
trial could not be fairly conducted, that the
jury were prejudiced, or for any other reason
the venue in the ease should be changed, he
had full power to remove it to any other
county; and when it came up for trial in that
county, should the same state of affairs exist
there, it could be again removed. The result
is, that if there was any case of this character
in a community where the law was supposed
not to be obligatory or capable of enforcement
it could be removed from county to county
until the solicitor or those charged with the
execution of the law were satisfied that a fair
trial could be had.
The question will be asked: did any such
county exist in North Carolina ; was there
a place there where justice would be meted
out? There is testimony on that point. Judge
Henry, one of their swiftest of their witnesses,
whose testimony will he found on pages 109 and
110, declares as follows:
Question. Give us your knowledge, derived from
your official position and your own observation of
tho state of affairs existing in that portion of the
State, as affecting the security of life, person, and
property.
Answer. There is not much to be complained of on
our circuit. I have succeeded very well in enforcing
the law. My district contains a majority of Repub-
licans. I have never had any difficultyin executing
the laws in my immediate district.
Oil page 110 he says:
I have never seen a case tried; but from repre-
sentations of others I am free to say that I think it
is, though I have never found any difficulty in my
circuit in executing the law. I talk to the grand
jury plainly, tell them their duty, and warn them
of the consequences of permitting lawlessness and
violence, and X have always found them coming up
to their duty. But, as I tell you, there has been
nothing of this kind, comparatively speaking, in my
circuit.
In a subsequent part of his testimony he
says:
Juries are alike all over the world. I have found
that men will be guided and governed more by their
prejudices in ordinary cases than by their better
judgment. I do not think there is any difficulty in
obtaining one's right before the courts in my circuit,
though there is much complaint in some circuits.
This gentleman had some seven or eight
counties within his circuit. What I mean to
submit to the Senate and to the sense of the
country is this : that here, at least, by the con-
fession of one of their partisans, there was an
oasis in this dreary desert of lawlessness in
which justice grew and flourished, and in which
law could be executed ; and I have shown you
that the laws of North Carolina expressly pro-
vided that upon the motion and at the discre-
tion of the solicitor or of the judge any case
could be removed to any county. Is not this
an answer, and a full one to the charge that
there is not the proper legal machinery in
North Carolina available and practicable for
the due execution of the laws of that State ?
It may well be asked, if these failures have
taken place, whether it does not imply a want
of competency or fidelity upon the part of the
officers. If so, let the party whose partisans
those officers are be held responsible for it,
and not the unhappy people who are the vic-
tims of their want of competency. One of the
charges against Governor Holden, one of the
wrongs he has inflicted upon his people, has
been the appointment of ignorant, corrupt,
incapable men to offices of high trust. I shall
presently show by other testimony the kind of
government he has created under his appoint-
ing power and how writs controlling liberty,
person, and property are absolutely issued by
Governor Holden's appointees, who cannot
sign their names, who do not know to what
papers they have actflally set their mark.
But here is another answer. If convictions
have not taken place, is it not a reasonable
inference that these cases may not exist? If
not one conviction can be had, is it not a fair
inference that, the cases have been grossly ex-
aggerated as to their number and violence?
The chief justice of the State, Judge Pearson,
is a warm political supporter of Governor
Holden. He has bench warrants which lainify
through every portion of the State. Judge
George W. Brooks, of the district court of the
United States, has had these parties brought
before him ; and one and all tell you that they
have been compelled to discharge them because
there has been no testimony to warrant their
being held. The very men taken by Kirk and
Bergen, men who are termed murderers and
outlaws by the Senator from Ohio, were brought
by writ of habeas corpus before Judge Brooks.
The fullest notice for the production of the
prisoners was given to Kirk. He retained the
prisoners until the last hour of the last day
when the notice expired. When he produced
them he asked for further time, that his coun-
sel might get ready and arrange testimony
upon which to demand their detention. When
the time had been granted he failed to pro-
duce one scintilla of proof, and Judge Brooks
discharged them without the smoke of suspi-
cion upon their garments.
I wish in this connection to read one other
passage. Judge Henry; Mr. R. M. Henry,
solicitor for the twelfth district; Mr. Yirgil S.
Lusk, (one of the Radical witnesses,) solicitor
for the eleventh district; Mr. Sumner, the sheriff
of Buncombe; B. R. Hampton, a brigadier gen-
eral of the North Carolina militia; Mr. A. II.
Dowell, jr., the editor of the Pioneer, (another
witness for the prosecution in this case;) Mr.
