1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klnx Organization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
J". E. Reid, clerk of the superior court; and
others, on the 27th of June, 1870, from Ashe-
ville, in North Carolina, addressed a letter to
Governor Holden, which is now on file in the
executive department at Raleigh, in relation
to a circular of his, threatening to organize the
militia and take military possession of the
State prior to the election. I hold in my hand
a certified copy of that letter. In that letter
they«tate:
"Peace, order, and quiet prevail everywhere. The
civil law is omnipotent in the execution of its de-
crees and. tho political excitement is beginning to
run high, and public discussions are becoming fre-
quent. We have no apprehensions that any dis-
turbances will be occasioned thereby."
Further on, at the close of the letter, they
state:
" There is no opposition to the organization of the
militia and will be none, and their aid, we think,
with the general disposition of our people for quiet
and repose, will protect us in any contingency in the
future."
Here is testimony, conclusiveas coming from
the very parties who allege this condition of
outrage and disorder, that peace aud quiet did
reign in June, 1870, even before this infamous
project of declaring two counties in insurrec-
tion was carried into effect by Governor Hol-
den.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio said
further that it was a notable fact, and I be-
lieve the majority of the committee have given
him the authority to say, that every outrage,
every violation of law in North Carolina, has
been directed against the person or the prop-
erty of a Republican. Let us see the truth
of that. I have here, and it was produced
before the committee, a map ■
Mr. SCOTT. The authority was not for
saying every violation of law in North Caro-
lina.
Mr. BAYAllD. Perhaps, to be more accu-
rate, 1 had better read what he did say.
Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is that the
committee have said that all the outrages com-
mitted by disguised men, the Ku Klux Klau,
had been committed on Republicans.
Mr. BAYARD. I take issue with the hon-
orable Senator upon that. He says that all
cases of outrage by disguised men in North
Carolina were committed upon Republicans.
"We will see what the testimony is on this
point. The honorable Senator from Ohio was
even broader in his charge, that none of these
outrages had been committed upon any but the
person or property of Republicans.
At page 386 of this testimony will be found
this:
Question. Give us the names of tho white men you
heard of being whipped before your appointment.
Answer. A man by the name of Burke was whipped.
Question. What is he?
Ansioe/-. A farmer; used to be a confederate sol-
dier.
QwvUtm. What was he whipped for ?
Annoer. God only knows; £ don't.
Question. What was the alleged cause?
Answer. Some little feeling between him and his
neighbors—for some reason or other. I do not know.
Question. What other white man?
Answer, A man by the name of Charles Bright.
Qittixfton. What was the alleged cause?
Answer. I understood it was being rather too inti-
mate with some other woman besides his wife.
Question. Any other white men whipped?
Answer. There were one or two other white men
whipped, but I do not remember—yes, a man by the
name of Thomas.
He gives the cause for that:
This man Thomas, I cannot say positively what he
was whipped for. He belonged in ray command
during the war, and was a very good soldier. I think
I heard it intimated that that was what he was
whipped for.
He was whipped, then, because he had
served in the southern army in North Caro-
lina]
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator allow me to
read the very next sentence:
Ho told me he was whipped, and said he did not
know what it was for.
Mr. BAYARD. He did not know what it
was for. What I read is there precisely and
in full:
I think I heard it intimated that that was what he
was whipped for. lie told me he was whipped, and
said he did not know what it was for.
By the same testimony, a white man was shot
by negroes, who were arrested and were de-
fended by a Democratic member of Congress,
Mr, Manning, in the other House, and were
acquitted, and in that county where it is sup-
posed these colored people cannot have their
rights]
At page 388 we are told there was a band
of men who were arrested and carried up to
Raleigh for trial before the United States
commissioner:
Question. How many were arrested for that
offense?
This was for one of these outrages by shoot-
ing:
Anstoer. Seven or eight.
Question. Do you know of their being identified?
Answer. This negro swore to them, so I under-
stand.
Question. Were these seven men of any char-
acter?
Answer. I know them all veiy well.
Question. What do you say as to their being men
of any character?
Answer. They had very little.
Question. Of the seven that you know had they
acted with the Conservative or lladical party ?
Answer. Seven out of the eight were lladicals or
Republicans.
Here is the case where a man named Burke
was whipped:
After I accepted the position as captain in the
county Iwent down to Raleigh and saw the Gov-
ernor about some matters connected with my posi-
tion there. While there this man Burke, who was
whipped, came tome and said that tho Ku Klux had
whipped him like the devil, and ho could not stay
there; he was on his way to Philadelphia. I told
him to go back, there was no danger. He said he
was afraid ho would be killed if he stayed there, I
told him thero was no danger in the world; that I
had charge of the county and I did not want any
troops in it, for I could manage them myself. I left
him and wont to Governor llolden's office. The
Governor remarked to me that he wished I had come
in a little sooner. I asked him why. He said there
was a man there from my county that had boon
whipped terribly; that he pulled off his shirt and
showed him, cut all to pieces, but, said he,44 he mar-
ried a negro woman, and it's no matter to him; it
seemed to do him good."
This was Governor Holden's verdict on one
of the outrages that so touch the sensibilities
of some of these gentlemen !
By Mr. Bayard :
Question. This was a white man who married a
negro woman?
Answer. Yes, sir. The Governor said. "It is no
matter for him, and the best part of the joke i«i that
Mac. (meaning Macdonald, a friend of his) married
him."
Question. Who is Macdonald ?
Answer. A magistrate and justice of the peace.
I may say here the testimony goes on to dis-
close what I am very happy to hear, that in
North Carolina the marriage of a white man
to a black woman is unlawful in that State;
and yet one of his own appointees, his friend
Macdonald, had broken the law of the State
and had married these two people.
At page 391 this witness refers to the fact
that there was a secret organization composed
of twenty-five or fifty, almost entirely negroes,
whose object was to burn houses and barns
of the Ku Klux or those whom they thought
were Ku Klux. It was proven also that they
did this by order of Governor Holden. The
minority received from Captain Ramsey a
certified copy of the record of the confessions
of a number of those colored men. They were
tried before Hon. A. W. Tourgee, a warm par-
tisan of the Radical party ; found guilty, and
sentenced to imprisonment. The association,
secret, oath-bound, political, was composed
exclusively of black men, acting under the
written orders of the Governor of North Car-
olina; as they swear. I read from page 41 of
the appendix attached to the views of the
minority. Wilson Dewer, one of these defend-
ants, was brought to justice, and swore:
I am a member of a club to meet the Ku Klux, or
the Union Club; I joined last spring; I joined at
Jim Howell's.
This is taken in December, 1870, so that the
club he joined was in the spring of 1870 :
He called all of us together to hear Governor W.
W. Holden's orders. I went to Jim Howell's; I got
thero : ho told me to hold on until the whole crowd
comes; he had callod in all black around in the
neighborhood. When the crowd got there he got
out tho orders and read them. Tho orders was for us
all to join together in a club called tho Union Club.
And then proceeds to name these members,
about twenty-five of them.
They were talking about burning Mr. Calvin
Branch's barn. We met there a night afterward, and
the order was read that we received from Governor
Holden; was not read the first night. Wo were
sworn in the first nightwemet, and they electedme
captain. When tho orders was read, I told them I
would resign, and have my name scratched off. The
order was for us to attack the Ku Klux, and burn out
all we thought was KuK'lux, Then Jim Howell read
over Jo, Norris's name, at tho head of the list, and
some other white man; don't recollect what his name
was; do not know who was along when Mr. Branch's
barn was burned, llufus Howell, Mack Watson,
Stanley Stevens, Luke Olive, Sam Cox burned Mr.
Jesse Burt's dwelling-house; I heard llufus Howell
say so. He said he talked with the man that lived
on his place the time while Stanley Stevens was
firing the house that'was burned. If any man told the
secret about this company they were to be killed and
put out of the way, and nobody to say anything about
it. That was in the orders from Governor Holden.
We were to give signs to know one another with our
three fingers, by touching our breast, elbow, and
thumb. There was five words also given us, which
was, Lincoln, Liberty, Loyal; Union, League. To
the best of my knowledge, them was the words that
was read out of a little blue-back book. Charles
Adkins told me they were going to fire Thomas
Luther's barn, and told Jeff. Mims to take his wheat
out if he had any in it, as it was goingto be the next
barn that was burned.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire at this point to call
the attention of my friend for the purpose of
a fair understanding of this affidavit which
he has read. I presume that this is what is
referred to on page 3 of the minority report,
in this language:
" And we annex hereunto tho record of the superior
court of Chatham county, North Carolina, proving
his complicity in the crimes of arson and murder,
maiked Exhibit A."
I wish to call the attention of my friend from
Delaware to the fact that the witness who
produced those papers brought with him the
original papers on file, not a certified copy of
the record, that the testimony shows the fact
that the Senator from Delaware requested the
witness to send back certified copies of them
to the committee. They were not left in charge
of the committee, if sent; and as I presume
from the certificate here they were sent to the
minority, they must have been received after
the report was made out. They have never
been in the custody of the committee at all. I
only call attention to it now—I have no doubt
the candor and fairness of the Senator from
Delaware will justify my doing so—to show
that what is given here in the appendix is not
a certified copy of the whole record containing
the testimony, but simply a copy of certain
papers on file, and that this from which he
has read is not testimony taken upon cross-
examination, but the affidavit of a person
taken before the preliminary examining and
committing magistrate. I only desire to have
that statement made in fairness.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the exact
language as read by me was contained in the
original record produced on the committee-
table and in the hands of the majority. They
had it there; they had an opportunity to read
it. The papers were voluminous, and the tes-
timony discloses the fact that the custodian of
these papers desired to restore them to the
court, but insisted in his own testimony that
they should accompany his statements. Sir,
the majority of that committee shut down on
the testimony before we knew even that they
