1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
but when they came to qualify, and be regis-
ters and receivers, they could not swear before
themselves. This amendment simply allows
them to take the oath and make the payment to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I ask that it be read. It will relieve two or
three persons who cannot qualify before them-
selves, cannot be judges in their own cases ;
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office suggested that an amendment be put on
this bill to relieve these persons who have been
made registers and receivers, living on home-
stead settlements.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment as follows:
Sec.—. That any bona fide settler under the home-
stead or preemption laws of the United States who
has filed the proper application to enter not to ex-
ceed one quarter section of the public lands in any
district land office, and who has been subsequently
appointed a register or receiver, may perfect the
title to said lands under the preemption laws by
furnishing the proofs and making the payments
required bylaw, to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. COLE. I do not see that there is any
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following
amendment, to come in on page 5, after line
thirty of section four:
For the completion of the custom-house at Astoria,
Oregon, $19,025,
Mr. COLE. We made an appropriation for
that very purpose the other day, not equal in
amount to this, as I remember the language
of the law.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state the circum-
stances. The estimate of the Department
for the completion of this custom-house was
$29,025, and there was $10,000 appropriated.
The Secretary says that unless there is more
money appropriated he will have to stop the
work. It is hardly worth while to keen a
superintendent there to spend $10,000. The
building is up one story, and it is necessary
to complete it; and this amount of money,
$19,000, is to be used for the completion of
the building. I submit it is hardly worth
while to keep a superintendent there at $3,000
a year if we are only to expend $10,000 on
the building this year and keep it open for
another year. I hope that this small appro-
priation may be made, so as to finish up the
work and discharge the hands.
Mr. COLE. I have found the item to which
I alluded, and to which my friend from Oregon
also allades-, in the bill passed the other day.
It is as follows:
Eor custom-houso, Astoria, Oregon : completion
of the building, $10,000.
It may be, as is often the case, that a fur-
ther sum is required than is at any one time
appropriated to complete the building. It may
be, however, that the sum that is now asked
in addition to the $10,000 is not the exact
amount that will be required to complete the
building; and if it is up but one story now, I
apprehend it is not. But I submit that an
amendment of this sort ought to have ^ the
sanction and indorsement of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds of this body.
I do not know but that it may be right; I have
no doubt my friend from Oregon thinks it is;
but it ought to have the impartial investigation
of the proper committee of this body whose
^business it is to investigate such matters. Now,
how far this building has progressed, and what
the total cost is to be, are matters of great un-
certainty. How much has already been appro-
priated to bring it up one story or to perform
the work that has already been done uponit
is something about which we are entirely in
the djirk. If the amendment has not had the
sanction and indorsement of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, I submit
to my friend from Oregon that he had better
withdraw it. I think it ought not to be put
upon this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California make a point of order
upon the amendment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. This building was com-
menced before these matters were referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds; and here is an estimate from the
head of the Department, a recommendation
from the head of the Department of this appro-
priation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In addition to
what has already been appropriated?
Mr. CORBETT. The total amount recom-
mended was $29,025; and this is the exact
deficit that is necessary to make up the rec-
ommendation of the Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the amend-
ment is in pursuance of an "estimate of the
Department, as the Senator states it is, it is in
order under the fourth clause of the thirtieth
rule.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that Mr. Mills,
of the Department, came here and informed
me that the Secretary said that he would have
to stop the work upon this building unless a
sufficient amount was appropriated, which he
earnestly urged, to complete the building, and
that amount was $19,000.
Mr. COLE. The statement made by some
Mr. Mills is not authority in this body. I do
not know who he is. I submit that the amend-
ments ought to come from some committee. I
therefore raise the point of order upon it. I
am sorry to be obliged to do so ; but it would
lead to very dangerous legislation to do other-
wise.
Mr. CORBETT. As the Department has
recommended this appropriation, I understand
that the Senator cannot make the point of
order. I referred the amendment, under the
rule, to the Committee on Appropriations some
days ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from California state to the Chair, if he makes
the point of order, whether this is covered by
an estimate, or whether reported by any com-
mittee ? The Senator from Oregon states that
it is a deficit.
Mr. CORBETT. I have the book here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is covered
by an estimate it is in order.
Mr. COLE. I find another item in the civil
appropriation bill of the last session :
" For custom-house, Portland, Oregon ; continua-
tion of the construction, $100,000"—
a few lines below the item to which I have
referred, and it may be that this other sum is
somewhere else in the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Ten thousand dollars was
appropriated in that bill, I can state to the
Senator.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how ithappened
to be reduced if it is reduced to $10,000. It
may have been upon sufficient information
that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds had. There is no new estimate
for it.
Mr. CORBETT. Here is the estimate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the estimate of
last year. Congress having passed upon that
estimate, that is the end of it. There is no new
estimate.
Mr. CORBETT. It is for the next fiscal
year, ending June 30, 1872, not for the past
year, and it is a proper appropriation to be
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair thinks
this amendment comes within the rule and is
in order if the Senate see fit to agree to it,
if the estimates of the Department embrace
$29,000 for this work, and $10,0p0_have been
appropriated, of which the Chair is not ad-
vised.
Mr. COLE. That has been appropriated m
the law passed the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the appro-
priation of the $19,000 would still be in order
in pursuance of the estimate. The rule in re-
gard to estimates is that there must be an esti-
mate from the head of a Department covering
the amount of money proposed to be appro-
priated, or else the amendment must come
from some committee or be to carry out some
existing law.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the estimates
are given by the Departments for the inform-
ation of this body, and when they have once
acted upon an estimate it is not competent for
the body to return and make up any deficiency
in all the items or any one of the items that
may have been submitted to the body by the
head of a Department in the book of estimates.
I must, therefore, with the utmost politeness,
question the ruling of the Presiding Officer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the very reverse of the Senator from California.
He thinks in contemplation of law the defi-
ciency appropriation bill is rendered necessary
because probably estimates made by the heads
of Departments have not been fully appropri-
ated for, and therefore Congress is required
afterward to appropriate deficiencies; and the
Chair, though not advised in regard to the
estimates, thinks that probably something of
that kind may be found in this very bill; .for
instance, in regard to the depositary at Balti-
more.
Mr. COLE. That doctrine would seem to
bind the conscience of Congress to the esti-
mates of the heads of Departments, whereas
they are merely advising.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The object of
this part of the rule is that there must be an
estimate from the head'of a Department, or
else the amendment must come from a com-
mittee, or be in pursuance of an existing law.
If there has been an estimate, that has ad-
vised Congress of the opinion of the Depart-
ment that the appropriation was necessary.
Of course it depends upon the vote of the
Senate, but the Chair thinks the amendment
cannot be ruled out under the thirtieth rule.
Mr. CORBETT. I would not urge this at
all were it not a very small appropriation.
Evidently it is not worth while to keep up a
superintendent there for the expenditure of
the small amount that was appropriated in the
bill of last session. I think the appropriation
then made was not properly considered, and
Chat this additional appropriation should be
made, in order that they may proceed with the
work.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for a division.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submit to my friend
from Oregon that he ought not to press this
amendment. The committee in reporting upon
the regular bill for the service of the next year
thought, considering the condition of the Treas-
ury, that Oregon, as all other parts of the
country, must submit to a reduction of appro-
priations, and we provided a sum to carry on
for the time being this work of which he
speaks. Now, then, to turn right around im-
mediately and undertake to enlarge that sum
upon the oral statement of somebody, as these
architects are always in favor of the largest
appropriations, would be doing a wrong to the
proper course of legislation, I think. I am.
not speaking of this particular case by any
means.
Mr. CORBETT. Let me ask the Senator
if he thinks it is worth while to keep up a
superintendent for simply the expenditure of
$10,000 when the work can be completed for
$29,000? Would it not be better to finish
up the building this year with the additional
$19,000? I wish to exercise a proper econ-
omy for the Government. If the Senate
decide that it is better to go on with $10,000,
very well. I simply want them to understand
the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly it would,
if we had the purse of Fortnnatus, or whoever
that old heathen was,who always had a pocket
full of money that never could be drawn out;
