260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
but economy, like filling a bucket with water,
must begin by small items and be kept up. If
it be economy, therefore, in the sense my friend
speaks of, to appropriate $10,800 or $20,000
more for a particular building in Oregon, it is
economy to do the same thing for a particular
building in Vermont, for a particular break-
water in NewYork, or in any other State; and
precisely the same arguments can be brought to
bear, and in a philosophical sense they are per-
fectly just ones 1 admit, that it would be a
great deal better for all these works to appro-
priate enough in the first instance to finish
them completely. But the trouble is that we
cannot tax the people to raise the money to
do it. Therefore my friend from Oregon, in
violation of that principle, is forcing a meas-
ure for his particular section which does injus-
tice to the Treasury and injustice to all the
rest of the country. That is the truth about
it. His proposition, in itself, if we had plenty
of money, would be perfectly right; but as it
is, I submit to him that he ought not to insist
upon it.
Mr. COllBETT. If it is the deliberate judg-
ment, of the Senator, who has usually such
good judgment on these questions, that it is
better to appropriate simply the amount of
money appropriated at the last session to this
work, 1 will not insist upon the amendment.
Air. EDMONDS. I think it is.
Mr. CORBETT. I thought this amendment
would commend itself to the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it much better
to stand upon it as we decided it at the last
session. i
Mr. CORBETT. I withdraw my request for
a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for a.
division is withdrawn, and the amendment is
rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON, I desire to offer an
amendment, which I ask to have read, and
then if there is any objection to it I will with-
draw it. 1 will simply state what it is. It
authorizes the District board of public works
to cause Pennsylvania avenue to be paved, the
payment, for it to come out of the city, not out |
of the General Government, except that small j
portion which abuts on the public reservations, j
I ask that the amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. That the board of public works of the
District of Columbia be, and is hereby, aulhoiized
to cause Pennsylvania avenue to be paved with the
most approved pavement from Fifteenth street to
tho east aide of Kock creek, the expense ther°oi to
be defrayed by assessments, as provided in tho act
creating such board, exceptim; that portion of said
avenue upon which public reservations abut, which
shall be paid for by theUnited States; and to defray
the expense of such portion a smn sufficient be, and
is,hereby, appropriated out of any money in tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CRA.GIN. I think that amendment had
better not be made.
Mr, PATTERSON'. If any objection is
made to it I shall withdraw it. We ought to
continue the pavement of the avenue as it now
stands, to complete the road as it is. The
amendment provides that it shall be paid for
by the city.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Chair did
not understand the point made by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. CRAGIN.]
Mr. CllAGIN. I will not object to it.
Mr. POMBilOY. Let us have Pennsyl-
vania avenue paved for once.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 ibonght we had pretty
nearly got rid of these appropriations for the
District of Columbia by the general bill that
we passed for the government of the District.
Mr. CON'KLING. What part of Pennsyl-
vania avenue is ibis?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the central part.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 suppose it will not be
out of order for me to say, if the residue of i;
is to be paved as deliberately, as carefully, and
in as painstaking a way. and with a pavement
likely to be as durable as that which has been
put down already, it would not commend it
very'much to those who are asked to vote
for it.
Mr. PATTERSON. We leave that to the
board of public works.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope, however it is
left, the pavement will be put down apparently
with a view to remain, more than obtained in
the putting down of the present pavement.
I hope it will not be left through an entire
summer, for example, until the frost is about
to come, and then be put down very much as
you might sow com or wheat, broadcast, by
men marching along to see how fast they can
go, rather than how good a pavement they can
lay.
Mr. PATTERSON. I believe the purpose
is to begin immediately on this work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directe'd by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to move
this amendment, to come in at the end of the
bill as additional sections:
That there be appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropria'ed, $12,000 for
the relief of destitute aged colored persons in the
District of Columbia, such sum to be received and
distributed by the National Freedmeu's Relief Asso-
ciation, a chartered society of the District.
Sec. —. That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to furnish to the National Freedmcn's
Relief Association clothing and bedding on hand
not needed by the Army, not exceeding $5,000 in
value, for distribution among the destitute aged
colored persons above mentioned.
Sec. ■—. That the use of the buildings in Armory
Square occupied by the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, if not needed for the public service, be granted,
in the discretion of the Secretary of War, to the
association above mentioned, for the purpose of
enabling it still further to relieve the destitute per-
sons above mentioned.
I merely wish to remark that 1 have offered
this amendment tinder the direction of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, which,
during the last session considered the question
carefully and has renewed the consideration
of it during the present session. During the
last year it will be remembered that there was
an appiopriation of 330,000, which was finally
expended only a few days before the close of
the last session of Congress. AH that the
committee venture to recommend for the coin-
ing season is $12,000, and also the use of cer-
tain buildings, provided it is consistent with
the convenience of the War Department. I
hope there can be no objection to this very
small appropriation.
Mr. COLE. It is a very irksome task to
oppose propositions to bestow charity; but it
seems to me that in our great mutiifieence we
have granted sufficient aid to associations of
this sort in this city. We have in former appro-
priation bills taken into account the needs of
several of these associations, and I think we
have gone in that direction quite as far as we
ought to go. Now that we have furnished a ter-
ritorial government for the District of Colum-
bia, I suppose that the people here ought to do
a little of this work, and take some of these
burdens off the people of the country at.large-
They will have power, no doubt, "to afford
relief to aged needy persons in the city that
are not reached by the other charities which
have been aided by Congress.
Mr. PO.UEROY. This appropriation ought
to go on the bill. The new District govern-
ment has not got going yet, and we cannot
ask them to do an immediate charity. This
is an immediate tiling, wauled now.
Mr. SUMNER. Immediately; now.
Mr. COLE. They have got going, or at least
we have appropriated money this morning to
set them oft; and they will go off immediately,
I have no doubt, and they can provide the
means requisite for purposes of this sort. I
hope ihe amendment will not be adopted.
n 'Hi!' ^ILSON.^ I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw his opposition to this
proposition. Tt ought to have been passed
three months ago. There has been immense
suffering because we have not acted, and we
cannot wait for them to establish the territo-
rial government here. These people will suf-
fer and die in the mean time. It ought to have
been passed two or three months ago. Let us
put it on this bill. It is a matter of humanity,
that appeals to us all.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to insert the words
"white and" before the word "colored"
wherever it occurs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move to strike out the word ''colored?"
Mr. VICIvERS. No, sir; but to insert the
words ''white and" before the word "col-
ored."
Mr. SUMNER, That is, to a certain ex-
tent, to defeat the object of the amendment,
which seeks to do charity to those unhappy col-
ored persons who have been driven bv the
political storms of the last year to £nd a shel-
ter here in the District of Columbia, who have
no homes, no means, and are utterly destitute.
They are naturally dependent; the* need char-
ity; and if you incumber the pre oosition or
enlarge it, as is now proposed, you practically
defeat it.
Mr. COLE. There is a defect in this prop-
osition to which I wish to call the a lention of
the mover of it. It does not state ai what, time
this money is to be used, or for whs t time it is
appropriated, whether this year ortl e next, or
whether it is to pay for a deficiency in money
that has already been expended. \V s have no
information on the subject. I also "ee, from
the face of the amendment, that it does not
appear to have had the indorsement of any
committee of this body.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I moved it underthe direction of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. COLE. On the face of the amen '"nient,
as 1 stated, it does not appear to hav-; been
indorsed by any committee. It does not ap-
pear to have the report of any committee to
sustain it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I moved it under the direction of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
I gave notice a week ago that I should move
it. Then, as to the language of the section, it
is copied substantially from that of the bill of
last year, appropriating $30,000, now changed
to $12,000.
Mr. COLE. I ask again, when is this money
to be used?  
Mr. SUMNER. Right off.
Mr. COLE. It is an appiopriation, then,
as a deficiency; an appropriation to be used
this year. We have some information now oil
the subject, and I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that he should speeily that fact
in the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "To be used
during the present fiscal year."
Mr. COLE. If necessary, and there ought
to be some time specified for its use.
Mr. SUMNER. The fiscal year will expire
in June. I should wish to have this used
between now and cold weather of the next
fiscal year. I think it had better stand just as
it is. It will go into the hands of a good, faith-
ful society, who will employ it discreetly, and
I think there is no occasion for any limitation
of time. In short, there was no limitation in
the bill last year appropriating the larger sum
of $30,000, and I see no occasion for one now.
Mr. COLE. We have no account of what
has been done with that $30,000.
Mr. SUaMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; the committee had the account.
Mr. COLE. No information has been fur-
nished to Congress, I am quite certain'. We
do not know how much of that remains unex
pended. The last I heard of it there was
something of a balance still existing. 1 think
to the amount ofabout twelve thousand dollart
but that was some time ago.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken ;
