1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
repeated the speech he made last year. I am
sorry that every time an act of justice, of
humanity," of simple charity even, comes up, in
which colored men are in any way concerned,
our motives are questioned and our views mis-
construed on the floor of the Senate. Our
motives were questioned last year without
cause; they are questioned again this year with-
out cause. There is not a particle of evidence
to show that the appropriation made last year
had anything to do, or has ever had anything
to do, with the elections; nor is there the
slightest reason to suspect anything of the sort
in regard to this small appropriation. It is to
be put into the care of some of the noblest
persons that ever touched this earth ; persons
who have given years of toil for the poor and
the lowly; persons who have visited the homes
of distress and sickness and death; persons
who have gone into the country and begged
during the last few years tens of thousands of
dollars to keep the souls and bodies of these
poor waifs together. There is not a particle
of evidence, 1 say, to show that this money in
any way the most remote can have anything
to do with elections that are soon to occur here.
Sir, who are these persons that are in need?
They are mostly old men and old women who
have given their youth, their middle age, their
vitality, their powers, to others. The labor of
their liveshas been unrequited and unrewarded,
and in their old age they are cast upon the cold
charities of a world they toiled to make better.
These people came mostly from Maryland and
Virginia and other portions of the country into
this District in a time of civil war. Many of
this class have sickened and suffered and died
during the last three months while we have
been sitting here; and those who have been
laboring for them and begging for them all
winter have seen them sicken and die.
I have letters in my possession from some
of the best persons I have ever known, per-
sons who, to my knowledge, have given their
powers, day and night, for the last seven or
eight years to the good of others. I say -I
have letters from such persons assuring me
on unmistakable evidence that some of these
people have actually died of want in sight of
this Capitol. There is no doubt that some of
these poor people have died of want and neg-
lect, and hundreds of others would have died
in the same way if it had not been for those who
have been watching over and caring for them.
Sir, this is an act of mere humanity, an act
of charity. These poor people are here. They
have helped to earn the wealth of the nation.
They were robbed and plundered for years out
of their labor and the fruits of their labor; and
now in their old age, when they are soon to
sink into their graves, I think it is the duty of
this Christian nation to lighten their pathway.
I do hope this appropriation of a small sum of
money to keep these poor people from suffer-
ing from starvation will be made. If more is
asked next year, let us give it.
I hope, however, that the new government
which we have provided for the District of
Columbia will be better than the one we have
had heretofore; for I think the District of
Columbia for two generations has been the
most neglected if not the worst governed part
of the country. I hope they will establish a
system by which the poor will be cared for;
but until that is done, I hope the nation will
not see these poor people perish. I hope those
who are toiling for them, without stint and
without reward, will be aided in their work of
charity and humanity by the generosity of the
nation.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a few more
words, and I shall not detain the Senate long
on this subject. The Senator from Massachu-
setts who last spoke [Mr. Wilson] I think
ought to return thanks to me for getting up a
little debate on this subject, because it has
enabled him to make his anti-slavery speech,
which he has given us, I think, about twenty
fimes the short time that I have been a mem-
ber of this body. It is, a beautiful speech. It
is a speech that is ve*ry much calculated to
strike the sympathies of men, and very much
calculated to arouse their indignation against
the injustice of slavery. There was danger
that that speech might go into oblivion unless
something could be done by some Democrat
to afford an opportunity to make it again.
Now, sir, the Senator says that these people
are people who have worn out their lives toil-
ing for others and been deprived of their
rights. Does not the Senator know that before
the bugle of war ever sounded there were
more free colored persons in the District of
Columbia than there were slaves ? What right
has he to say that all the persons to whom
this charity is to go -are persons who were
slaves and who were refugees here from Mary-
land or from the southern States? He has
no authority to say any such thing. If that is
the case, if he puts it on that ground, why
does he not limit the amendment to such
cases? Why does he not limit the relief to
the cases of refugees ? Will he do that ? No,
sir, he will not do that; he is too good a man
to do that; he has too much heart to do that.
He is not willing, I am sure, or if he is, I am
not willing, that our charity shall be measured
by the fact whether a man was a refugee or
was not a refugee. But if he puts it upon
that, as creating a moral obligation upon the
Government to provide for these men because
they were refugees or because they had been
slaves, then his logic requires of him that he
shall limit his bounty to that class of persons ;
buthe does not ask any such thing. Theamend-
ment provides for no such thing. I only want
to show him where his logic will carry him,
where his premises will take him; that if he
puts it upon the ground of our moral obli-
gation toward those people, who were once
slaves, who, in his language, have toiled away
their lives for the benefit of others, he is bound
to have this amendment so modified that it
shall apply only to that class of persons ; but
he will not do that.
_ The Senator says that the District of Colum-
bia has been the worst governed country, if I
understood him, that he is acquainted with, or
some such remark as that. I think it is but
little more than a year ago since he pronounced
a eulogy, in the very debate on this subject,
upon the government of this District of Colum-
bia, or at least the government of Washington
city, and told us how he had seen it so much
worse than it now was, and pronounced some-
thing very much like a eulogy upon its gov-
ernment under the transcendent merits of its
then mayor, Mr. Bowen ; but now it is the
worst governed country he has any acquaint-
ance with I
Again, he tells us he is assured that people
have died from starvation in this city of Wash-
ington, in sight of the Capitol, within a short
time. I do not believe one word of it; and it
will take far stronger evidence than any man's
ipse dixit to make me believe one word of it.
No, sir; the American people are not a people
to let others die of starvation in their midst.
He cannot show me any nlace in this whole
Republic where a person dies of hunger if his
wants are known—not one. Itis a pretty story
to go abroad to the country and the world that
here, in the capital of the nation, the people are
so barbarous, so hard-hearted, that they let
each other die of starvation. Who were they
that died of starvation—white or black ? If
they were black, and if the whites of this Dis-
trict were such brutal people, people of such
hard and iron natures, that they would not
extend the hand of charity to colored per-
sons, why did not the colored persons of this
District keep them from dying of starvation ?
Walk up the avenue any Sunday, walk along
the streets any gala day or holiday, and you
find them filled with colored persons in purple
and fine linen, better dressed than the mem-
bers of this body, carrying as much evidence j
of prosperity as the members of this body carry
in their personal appearance. You see them
riding in carriages driven by white men. You
see them parading the streets dressed'as if they
were going to a court presentation. You meet
them with gold spectacles and gold-headed
canes. You find every evidence of prosperity
and more than prosperity among them. Are
they so hard-hearted that they let these poor
old men and women of their own race, who
have such demands on their sympathy, who
have suffered from the vices of the institution
of slavery, die of starvation ? Sir, such a thing
is a libel. Whoever made that statement to
the Senator from Massachusetts, it is a libel
on the people of this District, both white and
colored.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, so long as
the Senator from Ohio and myself remain here
I shall be under the necessity of often repeat-
ing a little anti-slavery speech to him. I had
hoped that it would not be necessary to make
anti-slavery speeches to proclaim anti-slavery
doctrines any longer, but I find that Senators
like the Senator from Ohio need a little anti-
slavery teaching very often. _ So long as the
Senator and his political associates manifest the
spirit that they so often exhibit, either myself
or other Senators will be under the necessity
of giving them a little anti-slavery instruction.
They require line upon line, and precept upon
precept. I intend to perform the task imposed
upon us by their needs, and hope they will be
patient and pardon the repetitions of anti-
slavery truths.
Sir, the Senator says these persons are not
all refugees. I know they are not; but I tell
the Senator that I have some little knowledge
of this matter. I have given some little atten-
tion during the last seven or eight years to the
condition of these poor people; I have used
the little influence I possessed at home and in
other places to secure something for them, to
aid them in their sufferings. I have tried to
persuade others to aid them, and I assure the
Senator that the great body of these people are
those who have come into the District within
a few years. Some few of them are old slaves
who were born here, some few of them are
old freemen, but the great body of them are
the freedmen who came here during and since
the war.
I have seen tender, touching letters written
by persons whose names are honored where
ever spoken, persons of the largest intelligence
and broadest philanthropy, who have stated
that in some cases death was occasioned by
want. The Senator from New Hampshire
before me [Mr. Pattekson] has a letter refer-
ring to a special case, written by one of the
ablest women of our country.
Sir, there are sufferings here ; there is want;
there is need of aid. Let us give it. I hope
matters will be so arranged in the new gov-
ernment we have organized that we need not
make such appropriations hereafter. I did not
vote for that government; but from it I hope
much improvement, for I think the govern-
ment has been a great deal better during the
last four or five years than it was ten or a dozen
years ago. It is more humane, does more for
the poor and the lowly, for education, for the
elevation, for the lifting up of all persons. I
hope it will go on and improve ; but there is
no doubt, I take it, that the Senate will agree
with me that during the time this District has
been under the government of Congress there
has been a great deal of neglect here and a
great deal of misgovernment. I hope, as the
Senator does, that this new government will
make all necessary laws, and that we shall
never again be called upon for aid. If the
need comes, whether it comes for the aid of
white persons or black persons, I hope we
shall, while we are economical and careful
about it, be willing to contribute a little to
poor, perishing, and suffering humanity.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not rise to oppose this
proposition, but merely to make a suggestion
with reference to it. I think the amendment
