26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Repeal of the Duty on Salt—Mr. Storm.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
cognizable before the courts of the United
States for men to ride masked upon highways
or to interfere iu any way with the constitu-
tional rights of a citizen.
The issue aa it has been presented by the
parties who have instigated this inquiry and
have framed this resolution and now urge its
passage is simply this : whether the people of
this country and the Congress of the United
States, professing to represent them, are in
favor of a prolongation of power in the hands
of the Radical party in North Carolina, or
whether they are in favor of the existence of
our constitution of government. It is absurd
to suppose that the laws of nature are to be
reversed in favor of any party at the pleasure
of a congressional majority. The very con-
dition of affairs in North Carolina is the natu-
ral result of the revolutionary tone which has
been engendered there by bad laws and by evil
government. If the condition.of the South
should at the close of the war or even now be
less orderly and quiet than other portions of
the country, it is not to be wondered at. For
some four years and upward the southern
States had been one vast camp. No industry
had there been practiced except what was
necessary to sustain armed operations. It was
civil war—the worst, of all wars—and thatupon
a gigantic scale. Their entire system of labor
had been destroyed. Society, politically and
socially, had been entirely subverted.
Now, the rule of conquest is a very plain
one : that the conqueror should extend over
the conntry which lie has conquered his own
laws and his own institutions, or else let those
that he found there exist in their own force.
Under our form of government there is but
one proper source of power. We live under
a written Constitution, under a system of
limiied and enumerated powers. Congresshas
no authority except what is found in that char-
ter, and when the laws were extended over
Norlh Carolina they consisted of the Consti-
tulion and the laws made for the entire coun-
try. You have no power, you can discover no
gtuund of power, to make local regulations
for-one State in this Union which shall not
prevail in the others.
The difficulty has been that since the war
North Carolina and the other southern States
have not been governed according to the Con-
stitution of the United States, but have been
subjected to the arbitrary will of Congress.
You entered those States at the close of the
war, overthrew the governments that you found
there, and those which have replaced them
have not been iu accordance with the spirit or
the letter of the Constitution of the United
States. There is 110 precedent for this, and I
do trust that this Congress will not permit
themselves to cherish longer the fatal idea that
the prolongation of power in the hands of your
parly is essential to the good government of
this land.
The minority of the people in North Caro-
lina, and the small minority, say that if you
do not overcome the natural majorities of that
State and give power to the few instead of the
many, shortly those States will pass under the
control of the Democratic party and present
an unbroken Democratic representation in
Congress. They say that it will give the elect-
oral vote in 1872 to the Democratic candidate
for President. Is that to induce you to exer-
cise unwarranted power over these States ?
Is that to induce you to legislate directly in
opposition to the very underlying spirit of our
Government? And do you suppose that you
can forever prevent the natural voice of the
people from being expressed in tlieirowu way?
ifou may attempt it in the South, but the
answer will come to you from the North. You
had a suggestion in a New England State of
what theanswerof the people is on that subject.
I appeal to the Senate to rise above mere
party views in this case, and remember that we
are all Americans, living under this Govern-
ment, and all, I hope, equally attached to our
country. The Constitution, which we have
invoked, was meant for minorities. The shift-
ing sands of political life may put your party
at no late day in a minority, and then, when
you appeal to a majority in these Halls for
every protection which that Constitution enti-
tles you to ask, I and those with whom I act
in this body will freely aid you with our votes.
The Constitution of our country to-day is im-
periled by the demands of party. It never was
more directly assailed than by the resolution
offered by the Senator from Ohio. He pro-
poses to enter the States and deprive them of
all those police powers unquestionably neces-
sary for their preservation, and to grasp all
into the hands of the Federal Government.
The proposed coercive measures, if made for
Carolina, must extend to Massachusetts, Con-
necticut, New York, to Ohio, for we cannot
have laws unequal in their operation and apply-
ing Only to portions of this country. As I
hope and believe, political power is about to
pass from the party who have held it for the
past ten years in this country. I ask at least
that you shall restore us the Constitution,
sorely shattered as it has been by your ten
years of administration, without further assaults
upon it. There yet remains enough by an
honest subordination to its limitations to guide
us back to a condition of limited government,
which the excesses and excitements of the
war have in a degree weakened or destroyed.
I trust that this measure of violence will not
meet the assent of the Senate, and that those
who are now in the majority will see the
danger of violating the great principles of gov-
ernment in the hope of obtaining temporary
partisan advantage.
Repeal of the Duty on Salt.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN B. STORM,
Of PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
March 22, 1871,
On the bill (II. R. No. 9) to repeal the duty on salt.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, the issues upon
which the last political campaign was fought
were three; these issues were more or less
prominent, according to the localities in which
they were made up. They were, a modifica-
tion of the existing tariff, changes in the inter-
nal revenue laws, and a general amnesty to,
and a removal of all political disabilities from,
persons lately engaged in the rebellion. That
these issues were well framed and met with
the hearty indorsement of the people the great
accessions to this side of the House most con-
clusively demonstrate.
The opponents of pardon forpolitical offenses
in Missouri, though backed by Federal sol-
diers and the unscrupulous use of Federal pa-
tronage, met wi^h overwhelming and igno-
minious defeat. The same is true in the case
of Kentucky and most other southern States.
Those who opposed the repeal of the income
tax met with no better fate. Districts hereto-
fore largely Republican, and represented by
some of the ablest men in the Republican
party, have gone Democratic. The friends
of a high protective tariff have diminished in
number and become " beautifully less " in the
present Congress. They can read the hand-
writing on the wall at this end of the House,
and they know that it means no more monop-
olies, no more protection that robs the many to
enrich the few. In a parliamentary sense, too,
it means that for the first time since 1861 the
two-thirds power of this House is gone, that
hereafter it will bo impossible for the haughty
and domineering majority to trample upon the
rights of the minority by a suspension of the
rules and a suppression of debate, a fact of
which it lias become painfully cognizant within
the last few days.
Now, Mr. Speaker, are we to ignore the
issues so made 1 The whole country is look-
ing earnestly and anxiously to the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress. Shall we, at least on this side
of the House, disappoint the expectations we
raised in the minds of our constituents last
fall? Will the revenue reform Republicans
who triumphed last fall with us now refuse to
carry out their pledges then made? I know
they will not. On this question we have a clear
working majority, and on us will rest the re-
sponsibility if we fail to discharge our duty.
If this Congress wishes to escape the condem-
nation which the last Congress received, and
justly deserved, let it avoid its errors. Let it
hasten to lift the burdens from the poor ; to
remove the odious and iniquitous methods of
taxation ; to protect the laboring man as well
as the rich ; to take steps to revive our droop-
ing and languishing commerce; to cease legis-
lating exclusively for land and manufacturing
monopolies and the great bank and railroad
corporations which are threatening the very
existence of our Government.
Mr. Speaker, no argument has been ad-
duced, 110 reason has been given, why the
duty on salt should be continued. All the
coin we need to pay the interest on the public
debt- is about one hundred and twelve million
dollars. Yet we collected last year in gold
about two hundred million dollars from im-
port duties. There is, then, no public neces-
sity for a continuance of any duty upon such
a prime article of consumption as salt. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. KELr.EYj
does not even attempt to defend this iniquity ;
and when I recollect that the distinguished
gentleman is justly regarded as the champion
of a protective tariff the fact is significant.
What is the defense here made to this bill?
It consists simply in an objection to the method
of repeal and reduction of duties ; no defense
is attempted on its merits. They object be-
cause we do not go into a general revision
of the entire tariff laws. The objection does
credit at least to the shrewdness of the gentle-
men on this floor who are opposed to this bill.
To this end they resorted to the very ordinary
parliamentary tactics of attempting to kill the
bill by loading it down with amendments. I
say now that if we must proceed to revise the
duties on importation in the manner indicated,
the time is in the far distant future when such
revision will be effected. No ; in repealing
and revising these duties we must adopt the
very reverse of the method by which they were
originally imposed. In the language of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] we
must "divide and conquer."
The tariffs of 1846, 1861, and 1864 were the
results of a combination of selfish interests.
The cotton manufactures of the eastern States,
the iron and coal of the Middle States, and
the woolen interests of the West formed such
a powerful combination that opposition to it
was unavailing. As unavailing now would be
the attempt to affect adversely those interests
by a general bill revising the tariff laws of the
country. I shall therefore vote against every
amendment to this bill, although each amend-
ment may be as meritorious as the original
bill; and when those amendments come before
the House singly and alone, I shall as gladly
support them as I now do the bill under con-
sideration.
It is argued by the gentleman from' Penn-
sylvania [Mr. KblIjEy] that the duty 011 salt
is small, a mere bagatelle, amounting to
$1,200,000. Herein lies the sophism which
the distinguished gentleman and all of his
school continually repeat. Twelve hundred
