1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ktc Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
gation is made that the establishment of Union
Leagues led to these disorders; and third, the
financial condition of the State as brought
about by the administration of Governor Hol-
den. 1 come to the concluding sentences of
the report in which the minority of the com-
mittee prefer an indictment against the Con-
gress of the United States, which is as bold as
that which this startling testimony makes out
against the Ku Klux Klan itself. They say the
legislation of Congress is unconstitutional; that
that unconstitutional legislation has produced
these disorders; that it has produced the linan
cial embarrassment of North Carolina; and
that this is an unjustifiable partisan attempt to
drag that Commonwealth out of the power of
the Democratic party because of that failure.
Having said this, what do they say with regard
to the people of North Carolina?
"To any fair-minded man we confidently commit
the proofs contained in the testimony now presented
by the committee, and aver that in tho face of such
wrongs us have been inflicted upon an unfortunate
and crushed people by tbe rulers placcd«over them—
not by their own consent, but by the exercise of des-
potic powers by the Congress of tue United States-
no example ot equal submissiveness and patient en-
durance can be tound m history as is now presented
by tho people of tho Stato of North Caiolina."
That is the allegation with regard to the
people. Then, speaking of the Suite admin-
istration, they say:
" They have appealed to popular election, and have
been rejected with something near unanimity by
every tax-payer in the State. And now Congress is
asked to step in and force North Caroliaadown again
under the feet of her R.tdical masters; and we fear
that Congress will attempt to do this unwise and
wicked thing.
" Will the people of the North (free as yet) see this
thing done and sustain its promoters? We hope not,
wo pray not I When will the men now in power learn
the truth of what the great statesman of our century
said so wisely and welt, when similar attempts were
made to govern British India?"
And then this indictment is brought against
the men now in power, i wish it to be heard.
The action of the Congress of the United States
toward the State of North Carolina is described
to the American people by the minority of the
committee in this language :
" It is the nature of tyranny and rapacity never to
learn moderation from the ill success ot first oppres-
sions. On the contrary, all men thinking highly of
the methods dictated by their nature attribute the
frustration of their desires to the want of sufficient
rigor. Then they redouble the efforts of their impo-
tent cruel ty, which producing, as thoy must produce,
new disappointments, they grow irritated against
the obj'Cts of their rapacity; and their rage, fury,
and m,ilice (implacablo because unprovoked) le-
eruiting *ind reenforcirig their avarice, their vices
are no longer human. From cruel men they arc
transformed into savage boasts, with no other ves-
tiges of reason loft but what serves to furnish the
inventions and refinenements of terocious subtlety
for purposes of which beasts are incapable and at
which fiends would blush."
That is the language in which the men now
in power are described by the minority of the
committee, who strive to diminish the num-
ber of the crimes of the Ku Klux Klan, and
make a crusade against every man who ex-
poses them as a common informer. Who are
the fiends at which humanity would blush ? I
leave the people to determine after they shall
have examined this testimony and after they
see of what, this organization is composed and
how it. carries out, its purposes.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
to a motion for an executive session.]
Thursday, March 23, 1871.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the same
subject.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I had pro-
ceeded so far yesterday as to comment upon
those features of the views of the minor-
ity which I considered demanded my notice.
Having stated that there were three questions
involved in this resolution, I consider together
the first two, namely; First, do these bands
of lawless men exist? Second, have they
defied civil authority and overturned the rights
of person and property? for they are so inti-
mately blended that I cannot consider the one
without the other. I come back, then, to the
report of the minority, for the purpose of get-
ting common ground upon which we can stand
as to the time during which the^e disorders
have been committed. For that purpose I
read from the views of the minority, on page 9.
They say, speaking of important facts that are
disclosed:
"The first is that the Stato of North Carolina enjoyed
comparative peace and quiet after the war closed,
and until the reconstruction acts of Congress were
putin force by the Army; and tho second is, that
sinco tho State government thrust upon them by
Congress has passed under the control of the people
of the Stato, in the election of August. 1870, peaco
and quiet and good order have again assumed their
sway.
"The period intervening, marking the epoch of re-
construction, from August, 1803, to August, 1870. also
maiks tho period of disturbance,disorder, and crime;
and it may bo said, and the evidoncc proves, that
during this time the Stato government of North
Carolina was a conspiracy against, the property,
the peace, and tho political liberties of tho people."
I read the whole sentence, so that there can
be no charge of detaching one portion from
another. Now, sir, three assertions are made
in that extract: first, that from the close of
the war until the inauguration of the State
government under the reconstruction acts
peace and quiet prevailed in North Carolina;
second, that from August, 1868, the inaugura-
tion of the State government under the recon-
struction acts, until August, 1870, the time of
the late election, there were disorders; third,
that from August, 1870, until the present time
those disorders have ceased. To the last alle-
gation 1 do not agree, and (he instances are
given in the majority.report, which contradict
it. I do not propose to repeat them. Butthe
other two allegations are import ant in consider-
ingthis question. Thefirst allegation disposes
of tho idea that the disorders in North Caro-
lina have anything to do with the presence of
a large number ot disbanded soldiery. It can-
not be alleged that these are the consequences
of the withdrawal of discipline, and of the
demoralization which fellows service in the
army. That idea is dispelled by the report of
the minority, for with all the disbanded sol-
diers that were present in North Carolina
from 1805 until August, 1868, they say there
was no disorder.
Then we naturally come to inquire what has
caused the disorder from August, 1868, until
August, 1870. Now, sir, we are to take into
consideration the feelings, the views, and the
situation of the people among whom these dis-
orders occurred. We are to remember that
before the war North Carolina was a slave
holding State ; that the wealth of her people
consisted principally in theirslavesand in their
lands ; that the importance of its slavehoiding
people depended upon that species of prop
erty; their influence politically and their posi
tion in society depended upon it. At the end
of the rebellion their slaves were free, the
means of cultivating their lands were gone,
their influence to a great extent was broken.
The government which they had rushed into
rebellion to sustain had disappeared as a
phantom. The Government which they had
attacked and sought to destroy had asserted its
supremacy and its power. The State govern-
ment to which they had clung was prostrate in
the dust; and we cannot but realize that these
people did not entertain tbe most friendly feel-
ings toward the Government which had frus-
trated all their designs. I speak of that portion
of the people of North Carolina who had gone
into the rebellion con amore.
Now, sir, with these facts before us, and
making due allowance for the feelings that were
entertained by the people of North Caiolina,
before I come down to August, 1868, when this
disorder commenced, let me call attention to a
few interveninghistorical facts as bearing upon
the commencement of disorder.
On the 29th of May, 1865, W. W. Holden was
appointed provisional governor of that State.
On the 21st of September, a convention was
elected. On the 2d of October that conven-
tion met. On the 12th it tabled a proposition
prohibiting the payment of the war debt in-
curred during the rebellion. On the 18th the
President of the United States said to them
that that would not do; that there must be no
such provision as would recognize the vabdity
of the war debt. On the lOtti they prohibited
ils payment after this warning from the Execu-
tive. On the 9th of December Governor
Worth was elected under the constitution then
formed, and on the 16th of the month he was
qualified as Governor of North Carolina.
On the 10th of March, I860, under the gov-
ernment then formed, they passed an act con-
cerning negroes, making distinctions in regard
to them as witnesses, imposing tbe penalty of
death upon a negro when found guilty of a
certain crime, but a milder penalty upon a
white man, in consequence, I suppose, of his
superior intelligence and education ; and mak-
ing a distinction as to apprentices and con-
tracts. On the 4rh of December, 1866, they
rejected the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution.
Now, Mr. President, after all this had been
done, after the feelings of the people in North
Carolina with reference to the new state of
things had been expressed by these conven-
tions, by this legislation, and by the rejection of
the fourteenth amendment, Congress stepped
in, repudiated what had been done under execu-
tive dictation, and passed the reconstruction
acts in March, 1807. Within three weeks after
they were passed a Republican convention of
the people of North Carolina accepted the
reconstruction act and organized their party
upon the basis of that acceptance; and ibis is
an important feature in view of what is now
alleged as the cause of the disorders in that
State. On the 23d of April, 1868, under the
reconstruction acts, they adopted a new con-
stitution. On the 25th of June the general
law was passed which admitted North Caro-
lina and other States to representation. On
the 3d of July they adopted the fourteenth
amendment, and on the 20th of July that
amendment was declared adopted by three
fourths of the States.
Now, sir, there are several things to be
observed to get at the temper of the people in
consequence of these successive acts. In the
first place, they wished, until prevented from
doing so, to pay the war debt of the rebellion.
In the second place, they wished to discrim-
inate against the negro in his civil rights and to
deny him all political rights, for they rejected
the fourteenth amendment.
Then we come to the third day of July, 1868,
the day when the people of North Carolina
adopted the fourteenth amendment, the Repub-
lican party of that State having previously
accepted the reconstruction acts. Now, sir, I
come to a period when not only the people of
North Carolina, but the people of the United
States divided upon this question of the recon-
struction acts, whether they were constitu-
tional ; whether, after these States had rebelled,
attempted to destroy the Government and
erected new State governments, Congress had
the power of imposing the terms upon which
they should be again admitted to representa-
tion. That I may do no one any injustice as
to the position that was taken upon that ques-
tion, I will read first from a letter of a dis-
tinguished member of the Democratic party,
now a Senator upon this floor, what he said
upon that question as an introduction to the
crystallization of the same sentiments adopted
in the Democratic platform of the 4th of July,
1868. I read from a letter under date of June,
