30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 23,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
42d Cons....1st Sess.
30.1868. by the present Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] the gentleman to whom I refer:
" We cannot, therefore, undo the Radical plan of
reconstruction by congressional action; the Senate
will continue a bar to its repeal. Must we submit
to it? How can it be overthrown? It can only be
overthrown by the authority of the Executive, who
is sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who will
fail to do his duty if he allows the Constitution to
perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are in palpable violation of its fundamental
principles." ********
"There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments and
elect Senators and Representatives. The House of
Representatives will contain a majority of Demo-
crats from the North, and they will admit the Rep-
resentatives elccted by the white people of the South,
and, with the cooperation of the President, it will
not be difficult to compel the Senate to submit once
more to the obligations of the Constitution. It will
not be able to withstand the public judgment, if dis-
tinctly invoked and clearly expressed on this fund-
amental issue, and it is the sure way to avoid all
future strife to put the issue plainly to the country."
**********
" We must restore the Constitution before we can
restore the finances, and to do this we must have a
President who will execute the will of the people
by trampling into dust the usurpations of Congress
known as the reconstruction acts."
That, sir, is of the date of June 80, 1868,
which is approaching August, the time when
they say the disorders began. One week later,
on the 4th of July, these sentiments were con-
solidated into this resolve:
"And that we regard the reconstruction acts, so
called, of Congress, as such, as usurpations and un-
constitutional, revolutionary, and void."
This was tho platform adopted by the Dem-
ocratic party in 1868, on the 4th of July. I
read it, not for the purpose of entering into a
discussion of it, but to get clearly at what that
position was, for, much as I differ with gen-
tlemen on these political questions, I always
admire them when they frankly state their
opinions and boldly adhere to them. Thus
we have the position that the reconstruction
acts were null and void and that they were to
be overthrown. Then, sir, having got down
to the 4th of July, 18G8, I progress to August,
the date when it is said these disorders began
in North Carolina 5 and that I may get their
inception as nearly as I can, I refer to the tes-
timony that is taken in this case, and I show
that Ku Klux disorders did begin in August,
1868, and then I shall proceed to show that
the object of that Ku Klux organization was
identical with the platform of July 4, 1868.
On page 191 of this testimony, in the evidence
given by George Laws, after speaking about
an outrage which was committed in the county
in which he lives, (Orange county,) he says;
"Some people deny their being Ku Ivlux, but I
think that where thero was so much smoke there
must have boon some fire. There is none in existence
there now, and 1 do not think there has been any for
the last eighteen month?. Things got better after
awhile. The reason why lean speak positively about
an organization of that kind is that in August, 1868,
a company came to our town, forced open the jail,
and took out two negroes."
This was the very time which the minority
report fixes as the commencement of these dis-
orders. Now, sir, I take up this organization
for the purpose of showing not only that it was
a part of the Democratic party, that every
member who entered its portals had to be a
member of that organization, but the avowed
purpose with which its members were taken
into it was to overthrow the reconstruction acts.
There have been before the committee six
members of that organization; and that the
idea thrown out by the Senator from Delaware
may be contrasted with the actual fact, the
idea that none but cowards and poltroons and
the worst order of society were in that organ-
ization, let me show who they were. Jacob
Long and James E. Boyd, both members of
the barof Alamance county; Willeford—I have
forgotten his first name—a carpenter 5 W. S.
Bradshaw, a farmer; Lucian Murray, a mer-
chant; and George W. Rodgers, a farmer.
Thus we have two lawyers, one mechanic, one
merchant, and two farmers in this organiza-
tion ; and when it is remembered that all these
depredations are committed at night, that all
its members are equipped with horses, accou-
terments, and arms, we must see that it is not,
as the Senator from Delaware would impress
upon the public, the cowardly rabble who go
about committing these lawless depredations 5
or if they are the instruments they have men
of intelligence, property, and influence to sus-
tain and encourage them.
But, again, that I may show not only the
time when this organization commenced, but
how long it continued its operations, I take
from the testimony the date at which each one
of these six members was initiated before I
proceed to its objects. Long, the commander
of the organization in Alamance county, en-
tered it in October, 1868. Boyd was initiated
in November, 1868; Willeford in April, 1869;
Bradshaw in the spring of 1869; Murray in
December, 1869; and Rodgers in the fall of
1868.
Now, sir, having shown that it commenced
in August, 1868, and that it ran down to as
late as December, 1869, I go on to show what
was its purpose as compared with the letter
of the Senator from Missouri and the platform
which I have read. I take up the witnesses
again in their order and show what they con-
sidered was its purpose. The first one, Mr.
Boyd, on page 19 01 the testimony, says this:
Question. What is your knowledge of the object
ana extent of this organization throughout the
State?
Answer, I can only state from hearsay, what I
have heard from members of the organization. The
number of the members of the organization is sup-
posed to be forty thousand: Their object was the
overthrow of the reconstruction policy of Congress
and the disfranchisement of the negro. There are
two other organizations besides that of the White
Brotherhood, as I said before.
That refers to the Constitutional Union
Guards. We came afterward to the Invisible
Empire. There is the statement which shows
the object of the organization to have been
the overthrow of the reconstruction acts and
the disfranchisement of the negro. Long, on
page 258, makes this statement:
Question. Then the membership, so far as you
know, was entirely confined to the Democratic or
Conservative party?
Answer. Yes, sir.
On page 263 he says:
After that I was initiated in the Constitutional
Union Guards; it was in December, I think, 1869.
Showing that the White Brotherhood, for
some reason, was abandoned, and the other
substituted in its stead in 1869.
Question. And you believe their purposes were
about the Sftme as the White Brotherhood?
Answer. Yes, sir; except it was more rigid in its
discipline.
On page 262 he says, after speaking of the
Constitutional Union Guards:
Question. Had each county organization a separate
commander?
Answer. That was the way I understood it. I
think the Constitutional Union Guards had a central
commander to whom they reported.
This to show the extent of the organization.
1 come now to an important feature of this
man's testimony. I see proper to take it up
while I am considering the objects of the
organization, as it discloses the fearful state
of demoralization introduced into that com-
munity by its influence. On page 259 of this
testimony this man gives this statement:
Question. When was Outlaw hung ?
Answer. In February, 1870.
Question. At that time you were not connected
with the order?
Answer. I was not.
Question. Were you in Graham at the time?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you any knowledge of the men who
committed that outrage?
Answer. No, sir; I know nothing about it.
Question. Why did your connection with the order
cease? Was it voluntary, or did they depose you
and elect another ?
Answer. I disbanded the thing voluntarily, and
from that day I never knew anything more of their
operations.
Question. Was there any dissatisfaction with your
administration of the affairs ?
Answer. Well, sir, I have heard that there was
some. I do not know that it was so.
Question. What was the cause?
Answer. The simple fact that I was opposed to
their proceedings.
Question. Because you would not permit acts of
violence to be oonsummated ?
Answer. That was the reason I disbanded them.
I will show when I eome to consider one of
the outrages that are proven by this testimony
that it was communicated to this man that the
camp had agreed to murder CasweliHolt; that
he undertook to dissuade them from doing so ;
that in consequence of that they lost their con-
fidence in him, and that it became necessary
for him to retire from the commandership of
that county because they wanted a more con-
venient and more pliable instrument for the
purpose of carrying out their designs.
I quote nt>w the testimony of a man named
Willeford, to show the purpose of the organ-
ization :
Question. What was its object, and how did it carry
out its object?
Answer. Well, I believe it carried it out by all tho
meanness it could. The intention of it was, so the
leading men told me, to overthrow the Republican
party and put the other party in power. That is tho
way the oath was administered to me.
Question. Have you a copy of the oath?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Have you seen the oath that is published
in the President's message?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is pretty much thesame.
Question. Look at tho oath as there given andsay
if that is the oath you took.
Answer. [Reads the oath.] That is pretty much
the same oath.
By Mr. Nye :
Question. After you had taken this oath, state
whether there was any explanation given as to what
it meant.
Answer. Well, it meant the overthrow of tho
Republican party and injure it all that they could,
and have the other party come in power.
Question. State whether it was explained to you
that it meant anything about the Constitution as it
is or as it was
Ansioer. As it was.
Question. Both of the State and of the Union ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Qn page 240 he goes further, and says:
They told me. they wanted the Constitution as it
was before the war broke out.
Question. Did they tell you what the object was?
Answer. Yes, sir; in the first meeting. I wa3
initiated in Kennedy's barn.
Question. Did you take the oath ?
Answer. Yes, sir; and then the next Saturday
went to the meeting.
Question. What did thev tell you then was the
object of the organization ?
Answer. They toldmeitwasto damage the Repub-
lican party as much as they could—burning, steal-
ing, whipping negroes, and such things as that.
Question. Murder?
Answer. The leading men it was to murder.
Question. You have a neighbor living by you?
Aniwer.Yzs, sir; Mr. Waters, witnin a hundred
yards of mc.
Question. Was he a Republican?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. State whether you were ordered to do
anything to him.
Answer. Yes, sir; we had a meeting to burn his
barn and gin-house.
So much both for the purpose of the organ-
ization and for the means by which it was to
be accomplished, as proven by this witness,
and now to go further, as bearing upon recent
events occurring in South Carolina. On page
244 he states:
Question. State to what extent this Ku Klux Klan
was to go in breaking up what they called the Rad-
ical party.
Answer. Well, we was to put it out of the way
some way or another, if not kill and burn, till we got
the Democrats into power.^
Question. That was the direction you had from the
Klan ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir; the direction that they give me
and all the balanco that was in there when I was.
Question. To kill and drive out till the Democratic
party 
Annoer. Got into power.
Question. Was that carried out?
Answer. Yes, sir; I believe so; it has the power,
anyhow.
