32
APPENDIX TO THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
bEUATE.
Kn Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
and violence committed by his associates, I
wish it could be borne in mind by every man
who thinks of entering these secret political
organizations, I carenot to further whose ends
they are instituted, that they begin by demor-
alizing the man who goes into them. The
moment a man enters a secret political organ
ization, a cardinal principle of which is to
deceive his neighbor by denying that he be-
longs to it, that moment his moral principle
is undermined, and it is only a question of
time as to when he will reach down to the
depths of vice to which all such demoraliza-
tion inevitably tends. The distance between
the falsehood of the newly-made Ku Klux of
Alamance county and the murder of Wyatt
Outlaw was not a very great one.
There are three of these men, Bradshaw,
MuiYay, and Rodgers, all of whom were mem
beisof this organization. As to the two latter
1 shall have something to say in another con-
nection. These six men were not all exam-
ined in Alamance county, as stated by the
Senator from Delaware. Long, the com
mander of the organization, when the military
were ordered there, found it convenient to go
to Arkansas, and never did give his testimony
until he gave it before the committee. Having
shown the identity of purpose between the
Democratic and the Ku Klux organizations,
namely, the overthrow of the reconstruction
acts, 1 go on to show what view the minority
of the committee take of this question. They
say:
"The undersigned believe that all the disorders
which exist m that State wore created by unjust-
ifiable and unconstitutional legislation of Congress
in regard to its government."
What were the disorders which thl^y say were
traceable to these acts? After having instilled
in the public mind opposition to the recon-
struction acts by the letter of the honorable
Senator from Missouri, sown broadcast over
the land, and by the indorsement of it in the
national platform of the Democratic party, and
after sayirg these disorders are traceable to the
reconstruction acts, let us see on what ground
it is that they declare that reconstruction is a
failure ; a failure because Democratic instiga-
tion has produced murder, robbery, scourging,
and shooting for the purpose of making it a
failure. I submit that whether or not recon-
struction is a failure is not the true question.
The question is whether this Democratic con-
spiracy against the governments established
upon the reconstruction acts shall be a success.
The fourteenth amendment has made funda-
mental law that which depended upon an act
of Congress before in 18G7. The negro has his
rights by fundamental law. The thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments have
been adopted by the Legislatures of those
reconstructed States; and the doctrine which
proclaims reconstruction acts unconstitutional
and that they are to be overthrown, whether
by a usurping Executive or by the operations
of the Ku Klux Klau, leads inevitably to the
result that these States are to be taken back
to where they were in 18G0, and that all that
has occurred in the meantime is to be blotted
out. That is the logical result alike of the
Democratic platform of 4th July, 18G3, and of
the teachings and operations of the Ku Klux
Klan.
That doctrine was submitted to the people
and was decided in November, 1868. These
disorders, they say, continued from August,
186*8, until August, 1870; and the question
having been decided, I shall ask, when I get
through with these disorders and their dates,
why it was that after the question was sub-
mitted to the people and was decided these
disorders continued down to August, 1870 ?
I turn now to the means used to make this
conspiracy successful. I do not wish to parade
a list of murders to horrify anybody. That
is not to my taste. I shall use here only the
instances-that we have had actually before us,
only the instances that the witnesses have
proved they saw—five of them the victims, and
one proven the most outrageous case I think
of them all by witnesses who saw the occur-
rence.
The first case I shall allude to is proven
positively to have occurred in Graham, North
Carolina. It is the murder of Wyatt Outlaw ;
and, sir, that I may have it properly charac-
terized, and may not be blamed with anything
sensational in speaking of it, let me read bow
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
viewed the murder of Wyatt Outlaw before 1
come to show who did it and why it was done.
I read from the report of the Senator's speech :
" There was the case of Wyatt Outlaw, a black man
who was murdered in the spring of 1870. That has
formed the staplo of an immense amount of testi-
mony."
So it ought.
" The outrage is not denied. There is nothing to
cxtenfiate it; it was an abominable, cruel case of
murder ; and yet the facts disclosed in that case by
the confession of one of these negro Ku Klux, who
himself is now in jail, is that this man was murdered
by these bands in retaliation for his having shot at
them and his threat that he would repeat it. I do
not mean to say this act justified his murder; very
far from it; but I do mean to say it was a natural
act of retaliation by violent men; for if he could
shoot at them and not bo arrested, it was a mere
question who should be quickest to exterminate the
other/'
I would to God the people of North Caro-
lina who have been winking at these outrages
would consider these words of the Senator.
"These are somo of the evils of a lawless condition
of society."
There is the Senator's estimate of Wyatt
Outlaw's murder. Now, taking his charac-
terization of it, let me state who he was. lie
had once been elected a town commissioner
by the Republicans; he had been a candidate
again, and being a candidate made him obnox-
ious to the Democrats in that neighborhood.
They hung him on the 26th of February, 1870.
I say (lthey" 
Mr. BAYARD. Who hung him?
Mr. SCOTT. I will show who. I will show
that they were Democrats. They hung him
on the 26th of February, 1870, taking him out
of his own bed and hanging him in cold blood
with abed-cord, within forty yards of the court-
house door, defying justice by the very act.
4t Who hung him?" asks the honorable Sena-
tor. I am glad he makes the inquiry ; and be-
fore I go on, will he let me show the pretexts
which he states are given for this murder? If,
seems that these Ku Klux had ridden through
the town of Graham just one year before, in
February, 1SG9. From February, 18G9, until
February, 1870, no living man ever heard that
Wyatt Outlaw had shot at the Ku Klux in
1869, and it would not have been the worst
ihing he could have done if he had ; but no liv
ing man ever heard it until after he was hung,
in February, 1870; and what kind of a pretext
is it to soy that a man had shot at a band of
Ku Klux a year before, for coming and delio-
cratcly taking him out of his bed and hanging
him? Now I will answer the Senator's ques
tion, who did it, and as he seems to have some
doubt on the subject, I shall take a little pains
to show who did it. I refer, in the first place,
to the testimony, on page 24, of James E. Boyd:
Question. Have you personal knowledge of the
inniction of punishmentupon any individual m pur-
suance of thesentence ot one of theseorganizations,
or is your knowledge derived from hearsay?
Answer. Yes. sir; I think Outlaw was hung pur-
suant to sentence.
Question. How do you know that?
Answer. I know that the organ ization of the White
Brotheihood bung him.
(Jucstwn. Were you then a member of it?
Arviwr. I w is.
Question. Did you vote upon his case ?
Answer, No. sir.
Question. Were you present at the meeting that
condemned him?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. How, then, did you know it?
Answer. Members of the organization who were
present at the hanging told me afterward that they
were there. At least one member did.
And he gives the name of that member who
told him who it was.
Question. Did any members of the organization
make any statement about their knowledge of or
participation in the murder of Outlaw?
Answer. Yes,sir; I stated before that James Brad -
shaw told me he was along with the crowd that
murdered him.
Question. Did you know him to be a member of
the organization?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was there any other person—a man
named White?
Answer. There was a young man by the name of
White; he was quite a youth. I do not recollect
that I ever saw him before he spoke to me about it.
Directly after the soldiers came there (I suppose he
had learned that I was a member) he came up to me
on the street and said, "I understand the officer
here has gottbe names of sixteen of us boys that
were here the other night." I understood him to
refer to the night Outlaw was hung. I told him I
had not had any intimation of'the kind. I did not
know that such wa* the case. That was the only
conversation I had with him.
'Question. Do you know where Bradshaw is now?
Answer. He went West; but he is at home now, in
Alamance county, or was; so I was informed. I have
not seen him.
There are two members of the White Broth-
erhood who, in language not to be mistaken,
said to this man that they were there when
Outlaw was hung. But that is not all; I go
now to page 288, and what do I find there?
In the testimony ofW. S. Bradshawthisoccurs:
Question. Do you know other men of the name of
Brad>haw ?
Answer. Fisher Bradshaw was a young man and
James Bradshaw was a young man.
Question. Which of them was it, if you remember,
that Mr. Boyd disclosed?
Answer. James Bradshaw, Mr. Boyd said, told him
he had been there.
Question. Was he a member?
Answer. Yes, sir; you have his name.
These offenses do not rest on the ex parte
testimony of Mr. Boyd, as was stated here.
There is testimony of Boyd that both these
men told him they were there ; they were both
known as members of the organization ; and
here is a third who testifies that this young
mail was a member of the organization. And
now, one step further, on pages 259 and 260,
we have the testimony of Jacob A. Long in
regard to the hanging of Outlaw :
Question. How far did he live from the court-
house?
Answer. About four or five hundred yards.
Question. They brought hira to within forty or
fifty yards of the court-house?
Answer. Yes, sir; I should judge about fifty.
Question. Did you go out into the crowd at the
time they w^re perpetrating this outrage?
Answer. No, sir; I stayed at my office door,which
opens on the street.
Queition. How far away was your offico?
Answer. Aboutone hundred and twenty-five yards
from the court-house.
Question. Could you bear what was said?
Answer. I heard only one remark.
Question. By persons in disguise?
Answer. I do not know; it was in the dark.
Question. What was the remark you heard?
Answer. "Here is a good limb."
Question. Limb of a tree?
Answer. I do not know.
This man, remember, was commander of
this organization in the county.
Question. Was ho hung to a limb?
Answer. lie was.
Question. Were the disguises the same that you
used while in the brotherhood?
Answer. They looked like the same-—white.
Question. They were used while you were in the
order?
Answer. Ye«?, sir.
Question. Why were they disguised?
Anwoer. The object was, when a person was brought
into the meeting, that those who initiated him could
not be known incase he refused to become a member,
so that he could retire and never know who they
were.
Question. Were the other members disguised also ?
Answer. No, sir; none but those who were to offi-
ciate in the initiation.
Question. All those sixty persons that hung Outlaw
had on the disguises of the order?
Answer. They had on white disguises.
