270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nebraska yield to the Senator from
Kentucky?
Mr. TIPTON. Of course.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask the hon-
orable Senator if this magnificent stable would
not be a suitable appendage to the future White
House, when the capital shall be removed to
Leavenworth? [Laughter.]
Mr. TIPTON. No doubt of it. But, sir, I
will not detain the Senate longer. I yield to
the Senator from Kansas, as 1 see he wishes
to obtain the floor.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me,
I simply rise to say that I have very great dif-
fidence in quoting the recommendations of
such men as General Sherman and General
Sheridan agair.st the military experience of
thegentleman from Oregon and the gentleman
from Nebraska. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas yield further to the Senator
from Missouri ?
Mr. CALDWELL. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. I was about to remark that
those generals were supposed to understand
very well the necessities of the military ser-
vice ; they have given their most emphatic
recommendation to this plan ; but I bow to the
greater experience in military affairs and in
Indian fighting, of the gentleman from Ore-
gon and the gentleman from Nebraska. The
truth is, Mr. President, notwithstanding what
has been said by the gentleman from Oregon,
lhat troops cannot be wintered on the plains
as economically as they can be at Leaven-
worth.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri if he includes the cost of this stable in
his estimate.
Mr. BLAIR. Even including the cost of
the stable. Yon must have stables for them
on the plains, temporary barracks and stables,
and those are being changed every day from
one post to another; and you have in the end
a larger cost in building barracks in that way
than you would if you had permanent barracks
at Leavenworth, with the railroads to trans-
port the troops to the neighborhood of the
points where they are desirable in the spring of
the year, when active service can be entered
upon. I believe that in our legislation upon
these subjects we should do better and act
with more safety if we followed the advice of
experienced general officers rather than that
of experienced Senators.
Mr. CALDWELL. I expected probably
that there would be some opposition to this
appropriation from Nebraska. I do not think
that it is very hard for Senators to see, from
the remarks of the Senator from Nebraska,
that had this appropriation been asked for at
Omaha it would have received his approval.
I think his objection to the appropriation is
because it is not to be expended at Omaha.
At Fort Leavenworth, as I said before, the
Government owns a large quantity of land.
There are some six thousand acres of land com-
prised in this reservation. It is an old military
post; it has been there for some fifty years,
and every dollar that is expended at Fort
Leavenworth in enlarging the buildings will be
permanent. There will be no necessity of
vacating Fort Leavenworth for one hundred
years. General Sherman told me a few days
ago that he supposed that would be the great
military depot for years to come; and I say
from my own knowledge—and I am somewhat
familiar with this matter of subsisting troops
on the plains—that it is cheaper to subsist
these troops at Fort Leavenworth. I know
that the Government will save nearly two hun-
dred thousand dollars a year in wintering a regi-
ment at Fort Leavenworth instead of at remote
places on the plains, and I include in that the
cost of buildings, because any buildings that
are erected for temporary purposes on the
plains must sooner or later be abandoned,
while at Fort Leavenworth they are permanent,
they remain there for all time to come ; and
troops can now be sent from there by rail to
within reasonable distance of all the posts on
the plains.
The theory of the Senator from Oregon
might be correct provided the Indians would
stay. He says, "Locate your military forts
near the Indians, so that you can catch them."
They are not in the habit of staying near a
fort. If you establish a fort near the Indians
they will be very apt to get away; but we can
reach them from Fort Leavenworth now by
rail, if we choose to do so, or we can send out
the troops in early spring and march to the
Indian country, whichever will be most eco-
nomical to the Government. The building of
railroads over the plains has rendered it un-
necessary to have the troops out on the plains
during the winter. We do not propose to
bring all the troops here. We do not, as the
Senator from Nebraska said, propose to bring
in the troops from Fort Laramie, from Fort
John Buford, and from Salt Lake. Those
troops will be required to remain there. We
only want sufficient accommodations to house
and winter to troops that will be necessary
for years to come to protect the frontier of
Kansas. That is all we ask for.
As the Senator from Missouri has said, this
proposition is indorsed by General Sherman
and by General Pope, who is now in command
at Fort Leavenworth, who have no interest in
this matter at all except to promote the best
interests of the Government; and the proposi-
tion has received the strong approval of the
Secretary of War. These gentlemen have ex-
amined into this question, and it is their opin-
ion that the interests of the Government will
be promoted and your expenditures economized
by granting this appropriation; and I hope it
will pass.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me it is quite time
that we stopped 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
certain but that the Senator from California
has spoken twice in this debate. If not, he
will proceed.
Mr. COLE. I have not. I say it is time
that we stopped long enough to take an ob-
servation and find out our latitude and longi-
tude. It may be that we are approaching some
rocks or quicksands or reefs, and we may be
wrecked unless we do ascertain what we are
doing.
Here at the very last of this session, on this
little fugitive bill, if I may so call it, comes a
proposition to add $350,000 to build what?
Some stables for a possible regiment of cavalry
in or near the interior town of Leavenworth!
We had before us not long ago an Army appro-
priation bill, and in that bill we appropriated
something near $28,000,000, and I find in that
bill some items which may possibly have ref-
erence to the proposition now before the Sen-
ate. I find, first, " for regular supplies of the
quartermaster's department, to wit" —giving an
enumeration of numerous objeets—the slight
sum of " $4,000,000." And on the next page I
find, " for hire of quarters of officers on mili-
tary duty," andmanyother objects enumerated
in the same clause, and among them '1 stables,''
the appropriation being " $1,000,000."
Mr. POMEROY. We do not want to hire
any more ; we want to build some.
Mr. COLE. We have plenty of them, I
have no doubt, on hand, and if we have not,
we have within a very short lime made an ap-
propriation sufficient to meet any requisite
further demand for accommodations of this
kind for our troops. Now, sir, we are just
past the winter; these accommodations are
not needed immediately for any use. We are
now just through one winter at least, and let
me ask the Senator from Kansas, inasmuch
as he is inclined to interrupt me, whether we
are increasing our cavalry forces or our mili-
tary forces, or whether we are likely to need
more accommodations of this sort next year
than we have during the winter that has just
passed?
Mr. CALDWELL. I will answer the Sen-
ator if -he wishes. I do not understand that
we are increasing our cavalry forces ; but we
want to make arrangements by which we can
winter those we have on the frontier more
cheaply than we have done heretofore. That
is what we are at now. A great many horses
are lost during the winter. The market at
Leavenworth is a good place to remount the
regiments ; they can remount the horses there,
and everything that is necessary to fit up regi-
ments for the spring can be had there. If they
stay on the plains they die and are lost.
Mr. COLE. It is a fact well known to all
who have crossed the plains or have been on
the frontier, which is, as was well stated by the
Senator from Nebraska, quite beyond Kansas,
that we have military posts, and extensive and
costly military posts. We have what are called
forts, by different names, scattered all through
the interior of the country, made, I will state,
with the express purpose of accommodating
cavalry forces in many cases, and infantry
forces as well. Many of these posts are
intended for the accommodation of cavalry,
intended for the accommodation of the very
description of troops that it is now suggested
will be accommodated by the erection of this
new and costly building.
Mr. CALDWELL. Ifthe Senator will allow
me, I will state that we shall still need those
forts and stables that he speaks of on the plains.
But it costs a great deal more money to send
out forage and grain to those far distant posts
than it does to keep them at Fort Leavenworth.
Mr. COLE. I only rose to call the attention
of the Senate to the large appropriations we
have made, which are, as I have stated, in-
cluded in the $28,000,000 we have already
appropriated for military purposes. If this
proposition had been referred to the commit-
tee of which I have the honor to be a member
we should have looked into this matter in con-
nection with these other appropriations, and no
doubt we should have found a sufficient pro-
vision already for the very troop3 that it is pro-
posed to accommodate, troops that are in the
imagination, I may say, of the Senator from
Kansas.
I am a little shaken in my judgment by the
skill and experience of the Senator from Mis-
souri on the frontier. He has been so much
connected ■vyith the cavalry forces there that
I would perhaps feel like changing my opinion
if Fort Leavenworth was not so immediately
connected with the State of Missouri. I be-
lieve it is right on the frontier of that State.
Mr. BLAIR. It is not in the State of Mis-
souri at all.
Mr. COLE. I know; but it is very near
that State, on its immediate border.
Mr. BLAIR. I think if it was in California
it would change the gentleman's mind.
Mr. COLE. Possibly I might know more
about it then than I do now, and more than
the Senator from Missouri does; but I know
enough to state that the appropriations we
have made for these identical purposes are
sufficient to cover all the necessities of the
Army for accommodations of this sort.
Mr. MORTON. It is obvious that this bill
cannot be concluded within the remaining
time this evening, and I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that let us adjourn
over to Monday. ["No!"]
Mr. MORTON. No; I hope this bill will
be concluded to-morrow, so that the Senator
can have Monday for his speech.
Mr. SUMNER. I expect to have Monday.
Mr. MORTON. I should be glad to have
this bill concluded to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. As we shall be in session
for some time—indeed, the Senate is aware
that the other House has matters in hand which
will keep us together—is there any need of
