34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 23,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
iAnswer. Yes, sir; tbat was the meeting.
Question. What was the resolution of that meet-
ing?
Answer. It was working with Myers and Colgrove
both.
Question. Who was Colgrove?
Answer, He was sheriff of Jones county.
Question. Was he afterward killed'/
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Describe how.
Answer Shot with a double-barrel shot gun.
Question. Where?
Answer. In his own county. He was going home
to a trial that day and was shot on the way.
Question. Who shot him?
Ansicer. Well, I can't teil you who shot him. Some
of our boys was to go, but I do not know whether
they eVer went or not.
Question. Was it determined upon that he should
be killed?
Answer. Ye3,sir; it was determined that,provided
the county would call on our camp for help, they
should have it.
Question. And kill the sheriff of Jones county ?
Answer. Ye3, sir; they had an organization in
Jones county, and if Jones called the Lenoir camp
they was to a^ist.
Question. State what was done at different times;
the sending of men out of the camp into other coun-
ties to execute orders ?
Answer. Yes, sir; it was done to keep from being
known.
Question. IIow long after the meeting in which the
sheriffa death was decreed was it before he was
killed ?
Anmoer. It was about two week, I think.
Question. What further business, if any, was done
at the second meeting you attended?
Answer. There was a big picnic or barbecue to
be made provided they killed Colgrove, and then
the men who went was to have so much money for
going.
Can the annals of civilization afford a par-
allel for that? Talk about the cruelty of the
Italian banditti! Talk about the exploits of
the Thugs of India I Talk about the horrors
of the Vehmic tribunals of Saxony ! Are there
any that afford a parallel to this? They de-
cree the murder of the sheriff of an adjoining
county, and at the same meeting fix a barbecue
to rejoice over it if it was successful. Why,
sir, take this organization and its object and
the means of accomplishing it, and it showsone
in comparison with which the bloody code of
Draco puts on the hues of love and mercy.
And all this to overthrow the reconstruction
acts and disfranchise the negro ! These are
the purposes.
Let me now take up the testimony to show
the object of these outrages, llamsour says
(page 419) that in the township in which he
lived he was the only white Republican 5 that
twenty negroes voted with him at the constitu-
tional convention election, and that at the last
election but one would go to the polls. On
page 60 Allen, whose testimony I have already
quoted, shows the effect on the colored people.
On page 34G is the evidence of the witness who
is indorsed by the Senator from Delaware.
Let me give what he says on that subject,
Caswell Holt:
Question. Y"ousaythe colored people do not feel
secure since these whippings have taken place?
Answer, N®, sir; they don't. And a great many
whites don't.
Question. What is thefeelingnow among the colored
people there in regard to these Ku Klux organiza-
tions ; are they stillafraidthey willbeiiiterferedwith
by them ?
Answer. Yes, sir; they arc afraid yet; and a great
many of tbem will nui live out in the country at all,
because they are afraid to stay anywhore out of
town.
Question. Have you talked much with the colored
people in that part ot the country ?
Answer. Yes, sir : I know a great many of them.
Question. What is the feeling among them gen-
erally in regard to their safety ?
Answet. Tlicir general feeling is very bad, because
they are scared ; a great many of them would hardly
go to the elections on that account.
Quftfion. Of what were they afiaid?
Answer. Th'-y were, afraid that if" they went to
elections and voted, those who lived in the country,
that Uiey would go after them at night and beat
them, and kill them, and hang them, or something
of that sort.
Question. Were any of the colored people kept
away afc the last election by th.il fear?
Answer. Yes, sir; a great many of them were kept
away by tbat; a great many where I live that I
know.
So others testify. This is the effect, then ;
not absolutely to take away the ballot, but,
what is the same thing, by intimidation to pre-
vent them from casting their votes. These are
specimens of the outrages which have occurred
in that State from 1868 until August, 1870, the
period covered by the admission of the minor-
ity report. And, sir, with the fact staring the
world in the face that these outrages were per-
petrated for the purpose of overthrowing the
reconstruction policy of Congress, the Senator
from Delaware tells us that reconstruction is
a failure, and he points us to Virginia as the
only State in which the Democratic party is in
power and where reconstruction is a success.
Did lie reflect that he could have paid no higher
compliment to the Republican party of the
nation? In Virginia under the reconstruction
acts the Democratic party got into power, and
there is no Republican Ku Klux organized
there. They submit, and yet the Democratic
party is the party of law and order! When
reconstruction resulted in putting the Radical
party in power in North Carolina the members
of your party organized the Ku Klux and
sought to overthrow it by rapine and murder
and violence.
Why is it a failure, if it is a failure, in North
Carolina? Because, according to the inform
ation given to this man Boyd, forty thousand
Democrats have rebelled against it; and instead
of wearing the rebel gray and going into the rebel
camp for the purpose of overthrowing it, they
are in the Ku Kux Klans, with this horrible
disguise upon them, traveling at night, and
stiiking down the humble and the lowly for
the purpose of overthrowing reconstruction.
Now, sir, we have this state of affairs. The
identity of purpose is shown. The condem-
nation of that purpose was given by the peo-
ple in 1868, when the issue was plainly made.
With the civil rights bill of 1866, with recon-
struction in 18U7, with the constitutional
amendments in 1868, all adopted by the peo-
ple, all the laws of the land, either statute or
fundamental, yet a rebellion is organized in
North Carolina for the purpose of overthrow-
ing them ; a cowardly, a barbarous rebellion,
to be carried out under cover of night.
In view of Willeford's testimony, that this
organization exists in South Carolina, what is
the consequence of all these events? A notice
within the last week upon the Governor of
South Carolina and all his officers that they
must leave. The election of August last in
North Carolina, resulting through this intim-
idation and violence, and another cause of
discontent, with regard to the debt, which I
shall come to directly, passed the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina into the hands of the
Democrats. The same thing is to occur in
South Carolina by the same means, and thus
reconstruction is to be overthrown in North
Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Floiida, where similar outrages are
occurring; and when that halcyon day shall
come, then these States will be in the position
that they were before the war, I suppose. Then
there will be a clear path open for a triumph
in 1872, when there will be an Executive who
will carry out the embodiment of the doctrine
of the Senator from Missouri as found in the
Democratic platform of 1868. That is the
idea. And because the Senate of the United
States institutes an inquiry for the purpose of
ascertaining whether these outrages do exist
and are true, the charge is that the effort is to
get back power in the State of North Carolina.
What do we propose to do? Simply to punish
crime and stop outrage ; and if punishing
crime and stopping outrage result in a loss
of Democratic power, no greater blessing can
befall the country.
Now, sir, after having given this statement
of the persons who have been wronged, I can-
not forbear bringing before the Senate and the
country two representatives of the different
classes of society in the State of North Caro-
lina, who accidentally presented themselves be-
fore this committee. I have already referred
to Caswell Holt, and to the indorsement given
to him by the Senator from Delaware. Let
me tell you who Caswell Holt is. He is about,
thirty-six years of age ; a black man, of the
character described by the Senator from Del-
aware. He has a wife and nine children. He
is living on a piece of land that belongs to a
man named Colonel Jerry Holt. He has a
lowly cabin, at the edge of the woods, in Ala-
mance county. This man Caswell Holt was
once a slave. We were not aware on the 20th
of February, when we examined Edwin M.
Holt, esq., that we had before us the former
master of Caswell Holt. Caswell testified to
this state of facts: that they came to his house;
that they took him out from the midst of his
wife and nine children; that they tied him,
in the first place, to a tree—I believe they tied
him—and endeavored to impress upon him the
idea that they were intending to whip him for
some imaginary theft, though the proof is clear
that he never committed any. Then they took
and bucked him. They tied bis hands and put
a stick under his arms and behind his legs,
and thus bucked him. They then released him
from that position, and rubbed his back with
the stick, and beat him until the blood streamed
and the flesh came from bis lacerated back.
This was done in December, 1868. He goes
and tells Colonel Jerry Holt, upon whose lands
he lived ; and lie is told that he must be mis-
taken about this ; that it is a mystery ; that
there is something wrong about it.
Now, how about the old master? The old
master was before us on the 20th of February
of this year. He is a manufacturer, a mer-
chant, and a farmer. He was inquired of as
to the injuries to persons in Alamance county.
He lives within two or three miles of where
his former slave, Caswell Holt, lives. That I
may do him no injustice, I turn to the testi-
mony and read his own language, for it is very
significant. This question was put to this very
respectable and worthy gentleman, for such lie
is, and I have no wish that any remarks I make
may be construed in any other manner ; but I
wish to introduce him as a representative
character in his position :
Question. How as to injuries to persons?
That is, in Alamance county.
Answer. There have been some persons punished
there. There was one negro hung in the town of
Graham. _ Several notorious characters there liave
been punished, but in every instance they were per-
sons of very bad character.
Question. By whom ?
Answer. I could not say by whom.
Question. You cannot name the parties?
Ansiver. No, sir.
Question. In what manner have these wrongs been
inflicted?
Answer. In several instances report said that the
persons were disguised. In one or two instances 1
have heard that a part of them were disguised and
a part were not. I never saw a disguised man in my
county, nor anywhere else.
Question. Prom the knowledge which you have
gained from public sources, what effect have these
outrages had upon the sense of security felt by the
citizens?
Answer. My impression is that there was no inse-
curity felt Ly persons who were law-abiding and
behaved themselves.
I call attention to his testimony in view of
what afterward appeared to be the fact, that
his former slave had called upon him after the
whipping, which has been properly described
by the Senator from Delaware, and told him
of it. I come to that now, for after he had
given several instances which had occurred in
the county, this general question was put:
Have you nothing farther to state as bearing m
this general question ?
Answer. 1 do not know that I have.
From one end to the other of the testimony
of this representative man not one word was
