272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
order tbat the Chair can decide. The business
of this morning is the consideration of thereso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to call for
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada yielded to allow morning business to
come in, on the condition, that it should not
give rise to debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not suggest the
question of debate as a poiut of order, but as
a reason why this debate should not be allowed
to go on unless we are all allowed to share in it.
The, VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada calls for the regular order, and this
resolution will go over; but the amendment
of the Senator from New York, as now modi-
fied, will be first read for information.
The amendment was read, being to add to
the resolution the following words:
And that the Secretary also report to the Senate
how much, if any, such expenditures are greater
than would have been incurred had such ships been
in service elsewhere; and also how many vessels are
usually in service in waters adjacent to the West
Indies.
AMENDMENTS TO Al'l'UOPIlIATION BILLS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following reso-
lution ; which I think cannot possibly give rise
to debate:
Reached, That the Committee on the ltevision of the
Xiult'S bo instructed to inquire what further action,
if any, is necessary to cutoff irrelevant amend-
ments to appropriation bills, whether general or
otherwise, with a view ot restricting such biiis to
their obvious and legitimate objects; and that they
report thereon at as early a day as practicable by an
additional rule or rules, or otherwise.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend it by add-
ing after the word "rules" the words "or legis-
lation," so as to allow the committee to report
either by rule or by law.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 object to the consideration
of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri objects to its consideration. It
will go over. If there be no further morning
business, the Secretary will report the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
KOBICKT IIOIR AND COMPANY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is proceeded j
with I ask the Senator from Nevada to allow a !
little bill, to relieve from the payment of taxes j
some men whose property was destroyed by I
lightning, to be passed. The Senator from j
Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,] who objected to it the |
other day when it was called up, will make no
further objection. It has twice passed the
House of Representatives and been twice
reported by our Committee ou Finance. Of
course it can only be passed by unanimous
consent; but I think there will be no objection
to it 011 the part of anybody.
Mr. STEWART. If it will not involve dis-
cussion I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made the resolution (II. It. No. 28J for tho
relief of Robert Moir & Co. is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I do not wish to object;
but it will be remembered that some days ago,
after an act of legislation in the form of a joint
resolution had passed, several Senators called
attention to its form, and I understood in the
language of one Senator that the Senate put ,
down its foot as to the form of resolutions and !
acts, saying that all measures of legislation
should be acts and not resolutions. Nov/ I
observe here is another joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a House resolution.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. So was the other reso-
lution a House resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire if tho
other was corrected'!
Mr. HAMLIN, ft was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thou let this bo cor-
rected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that under
our rules we cannot change a joint resolution
into a bill. If it can be done under the rules,
very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it was done in the
other ease it can be in this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is aware, having con-
versed with members of the other House on
the subject, of the difficulty of changing a joint
resolution which has been journalized as No.
1G of the House into a bill with another num-
ber ; and the Chair in signing one enrolled bill
which had been thus changed^ by an amend-
ment of the Senate concurred in by the other
House noticed the double number on the top
of the bill.
Mr. CONKLINiG. And the Chair very
plainly and explicitly stated that to the Senate
the other morning before the action was taken
on the bill touching the revisers of the laws,
and in the face of it the Senate said that they
would not allow that or any other joint reso-
lution to pass in that form. I did not start
the objection myself; but as I said then I say
now, we ought to be consistent in it; it should
not be a mere invidious discrimination against
some resolutions, while others are allowed to
go through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe the
difficulty arises where the bill originates in the
House of Representatives. This originates in
the House.
Mr. CONKLING. So did the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe not.
Mr. CONIvLING. My friend corrects ine ;
but allow me to say to him that his colleague,
Judge Poland, from the similar committee in
the House of Representatives, reported the
joint resolution which I spoke of. It was
adopted there, and came over here; and he
called my attention to it, explained to nte the
need of it, and asked me to move to take it
up at once. I stated his request as from my-
self to the Senate. Wetookitup. Attention
was called to the form of it. The Chair ex-
plained then more fully than he has now the
difficulty of making the change suggested; but
the Senate, in the face of that, said that it
should not maintain the form of a resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I can only
say that a subsequent resolution from the
House of Representatives was changed here
to an act, and upon inquiry of the enrolling
clerk and the Chief Clerk there they suggested
so many difEculties which were in the way of
it tnat I asked the Senate to abandon its
amendment, and it was abandoned.
Mr. COLE. I think this measure ought to
be retained in the committee until it can be
put in the proper form of an act instead of a
joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can do it here in
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It is obvious that this is no
more important legislation than hundreds of
other bills and measures that are pending
before Congress, and I do not see why we
should violate the rigid rule which we adopted
the other day in favor of this measure. The
Senate refused the other day to allow mo the
poor privilege of even presenting a bill to be
read by its title and referred. I do not know
why we should step beyond the limit in favor
of this measure, which is certainly one that
has been pending for some time, which is of
no more importance, and needs no more speedy
consideration than manv others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is none except
that this is a very peculiar case. Perhaps no
other such ease has ever occurred in the history
of the Government. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia objects to the bill it catmot be consid-
ered. Do I understand him to object?
_ Mr. COLE, There has already been con-
siderable discussion upon it.
Mr. IRUMBULL. There will be no further
discussion upon it. Does the Senator object?
Mr. COLE. No, sir ; but I call attention to
the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be 110
objection to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit the motion to
amend by changing it into an act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York submits a motion to amend the
joint resolution so as to change it into a bill.
If there be no objection, that amendment will
be made.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amendment
be engrossed and the joint resolution read a
third time.
Mr. POMEROY. I objected to this meas
ure some days ago, but I am not going to make
an objection now. I do not know these par-
ties. I do not knew but that they have paid
their taxes heretofore. I know that the class of
men who distill whisky, under a former Admin-
istration did not pay taxes very generally. We
did not get much from them. This particular
firm may have done it. But if the Almighty
comes down and strikes one of these concerns
with lightning I am not disposed to be an in-
surance company for them. I only wonder
myself that he does not strike more of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^ Oh, do not debate it.
Mr. STEWART. If this discussion is going
on, I must call for the regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. No ; I will say nothing
further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on tho passage of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title, as
reported amended by being changed to a bill
instead of being a joint resolution.
SENATORS FK03I ALABAMA AND UKORGIA.
Mr. STEWART. I now call for the regular
order, and ask the Secretary to read the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
! llesoloed. That George Goldthwaite and I'o-ier
j IModgett be permitted to take seats in this bouy
j upon taking the proper oath ; and that the Commit-
! tee on Privileges and Elections proceed hereaiter to
| consider the grounds on which their rights to seats
respectively are contested, and hereafter make im-
ports to the Senate thereon.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate in brief the exact question presented in
these two cases. The committee, in examining
the history of contested cases in the Senate,
were unable to find any where a Senator had
been excluded pending the investigation of his
right to a seat, except 111 cases where there
was a question about the right of the State to
representation, or a question as to the right
of the individual to hold a seat ; that is, his
persona! qualifications. They were cases of
personal disability, or want of capacity on the
part of the State to representation. 1 hat
appears to have been the history.
in the case of these two Senators there is no
personal disability as to either. Both are per-
sonally qualified, and both come here with
credentials. There is a protest against the
admission of the Senator-elect from Alabama,
Mr. Goldthwaite, and there is one allegation
in that protest which raises a very serious con-
sideration. It is alleged that—
"B. M. Henry, claiming to be a representntive
from llussel county in said State, who voted for Hon.
Ueorje Goldthwaite, was not elected by the people
of s:i_id county, did not a have a certificate of Hi-
election, as is required by our laws.''
The protest sets forth other instances where
parties sitting in the Legislature had certificates
of election, but where it is alleged they weio
not properly elected but obtained their seats
through fraud and violence. An investigation
ot this matter will obviously require tho call-
ing of witnesses. It is well to remark that the
vote of Mr, llenrv determined tho election.
It required sixtv-iive votes to elect, and Mr.
Goldthwaite has just sixty-five votes. It i?
alleged that Mr, llenrv impound there with-
out an election and without a certificate. an<l
