&ri.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
utteied about this outrage upon his former
slave.
Now, sir, I will give Caswell's account of
his interview with his master, who says that
there was no insecurity for any man who be-
haved himself. There is no allegation that
Caswell ever misbehaved himself. Now, here
is a narrative which I think would affect any
man who reads it vtith the simplicity and
earnestness of this man, Caswell Holt, and
with the remarkable state of society in which
the former master could hear this statement
and forget it on the witness-stand, or give the
counsel which he did at the time:
Question. Did .you ever tell this story to your old
master. Squire Holt?
A/nnuer. Yes, sir; X told him the same story. When
I got so I could walk X started down to see Colonel
Jerry Holt, and find out what he thought I had bet-
tor do. They said I was to leave the county in ten
days, and 1 wanted to get his advice as to what I
had better do. lie said that ho thought may bo X
had better go away anyhow for a few days; just
leave my family there, and go away myself ior afew
days. My father had a horse, llo lived about a
mile olf, on anothor place. I sent down and got ray
father's horse, and rode over to my old master's,
about four miles from where I was living then.
Here was the first revelation we had that we
had before us the slave of the man whom wo
had examined a few days before;
Question. Over to Mr. Uuwin Holt's place?
AiLiwt'i. Yes, sir. X talked with him about it. lie
asked me some questions about it, and told mo that
tho less I said about it tho better; that I would find
out more by saying nothing about it, and not trying
to "nave them arrested, than I would by undertaking
to have them arrested. Xt was a new thing there;
about the first outrage that was committed in Ala-
mance. Xle said to mo, "Cas., these things have
been raging in the northern States for years ; they
are something mysterious; something that we pcop le
can't understand; it is a sort of resurrection; that's
what it is, Cas." I said, "Yes, sir; but look here,
master, you have been my master; you raised ma
from a child." lie said, "Yes, X raised you Cas.,
and I respect you as one of my own children."
He forgot him on the witness-stand.
I said. "Well, do you suppose that the Almighty
has given tho dead power to riso now and go about
beating people, and mummucking them all up in
that way?" lie said, "It issouiething wo can't un-
derstand, Cas.; something that has been oxistiug
for some time, and we can't understand it." I said,
"Weil, I can tell yon this: you read tho Bible, and
X can't; but I toll you, if tlio Almighty has given
the dead power to riso at this day and boat people
who are living, the noxt time they come to my houso
there will be two of us there in tho morning ; for I
will kill one if X can, and if X do, he will not come
there any more till God does raiso him right." Xlo
said, " Good evoning;" and that is the last ho and I
said about it.
If there were a lew more Caswell Holts in
North Carolina who had in them that spirit of
self-defense there would be fewer Ku Klux in
six months. But, sir, I bring these two rep-
resentatives of their classes for the purpose of
showing how little appreciation we have in the
North of the actual state of things. Here is a
respectable man, once a slave, dragged out
from his wife and nine children in 1868, shot
at in the midst of his wife and nine children
in December, 1869, and laid up for six months.
He complains of it to his former master, the
proprietor of manufactories and merchandise
and farms, and he tries to persuade the poor
negro that these are spirits raised from the
dead. • Ah, sir, I think I have shown the spirit
that brought them into life. It had its birth in
the New York convention in 1868. Its object
is the overthrow of the reconstruction acts, and
its ultimate end the overturning of the three
amendments to the Constitution. Rising from
the dead ! Is that to account for these scenes
of turbulence and violence? Is that to put
down the complaints of these people who are
scourged and murdered ?
I do not, wish to Swell upon it; but, sir,
if this thing is to go on, where will be the
end? Here.is a man (and there are hundreds
like him in the South) who is whipped without
provocation ; whipped so that the warm blood
of the Senator from Delaware mounts to his
cheek and he burns with indignation when
the man tells it before him; and yet when
the former master comes to speak upon the
stand of an offense like this he says that there
were some cases in which people were " pun-
ished" in that county. "Punished" is the
word, is it? Punishment carries witli it the
implication of crime. Innocent men are not
" punished.'' Here was his former slave before
him with his back bleeding telling him of this
wrong, and when he comes before a congres-
sional committee to tell the state of society
there he says there were a few bad people
"punished!"
Mr. President, as I have been looking at
these two pictures since, I have been aston-
ished that the thinking men of North Carolina
cannot' see where this thing is tending to.
Here is a mob, yes, nothing less than a mob—
that terror to all communities—
"Fantastic as a woman's mood
And fierce as frenzy's fevered blood ;
That many-headed, monster thing"—
the mob that goes to this lowly man's cot-
tage and drags him out and whips him. Sir,
Jack Cade and his rabble, hanging all the law-
yers with their ink-horns around their necks,
may be a gratifying spectacle to those who
are in sympathy with Jack and his crowd at
the time; but do they not look far enough
to see that t.he mob which can rule for one
purpose to-day may just as readily turn against
those whom they smile on to-morrow? Here
is a man of intelligence, and he need not go
very far to learn the lesson which ivould have
taught him the final result. His former slave
told him that he could read the Bible, and that
he (the slave) could not. He need not have
gone further; for if he had gone there he
would have learned that the same streets which
one day resounded with the cry of "Hosantia
to the son of David," ere long was vocal with
the cry of " Crucify him ! Crucify him !" And,
sir, if this thing goes on, these men may
realize that the mob which could take Caswell
Holt from his lowly cabin and scourge him,
because he voted against their will, may ere
long decree it a crime to own mills and mer-
chandise and farms, and may sit down in the
piazzas of the lofty home of his former master
and cast lots over his goods, if not over his
garments. That is where the thing is to end,
unless it is stopped by the force of a united
public opinion. If not arrested by that, it must
be by the strong hand of law, or, failing that,
by military power; and that i3 the point to
which it is fast tending.
This now is the state of things in North Caro-
lina. I do not intend to go into the condition
of the other States. They are probably to be
the subject ofinvestigation. We can only judge
of what causes are producing similar effects in
those States. I hope that when they come to
be examined they may disclose no worse state
of affairs than exists in the State of North
Carolina ; for, God knows, that is bad enough.
Now, sir, having gone over these offenses
and their effects, I come to the reasons that
are given in excuse or justification for them ;
first, the reconstruction acts, of which I have
already spoken, and then the establishment
of Union Leagues. On the general question
of the utility of secret political societies in a
republic I have such decided convictions that
I have no hesitation in expressing them here
or elsewhere. 1 think they are totally at war
with the spirit and genius of republican institu-
tions. I can hardly conceive of an emergency
in a republican government which will justify
the establishment of a sworn, secret political
organization. When the ballot ceases to be
the expression of the individual conviction of
the voter, and is simply cast in obedience to a
former oath, or as the result of the combina-
tions of race, color, creed, clan, or nationality,
then it ceases to be the true element of repub-
lican govern ment. Therefore, I say there ought
to be iio secret political organizations.
But, sir, the Union' League that is alleged
as one of the provoking causes of these dis-
orders was established in the North during
the war. It had a political purpose ; there is
no doubt about that. That is disclosed. So
we say in the report. It was established in
the South in 1867 or 1868. Whatever may be
said of their inexpediency, as an abstract ques-
tion did these Leagues ever, as an organiza-
tion, decree murder, rapine, or violence? The
Leagues established in 1867 or 1868 did not;
but two or three organizations established
within the last year or so, in imitation of the
Union Leagues and in retaliation for the
Ku Klux, did. The Union Leagues, as such,
never did, according to any testimony that is
reliable, decree the burning of property or the
murder of or personal violence to any man.
That individual members of it committed
wrong there is no doubt; but there is just as
clear proof that in all the cases where the
members of these organizations have been
indicted there has been no trouble in convict-
ing them.
Now, sir, there is one case given in North
Carolina of Ku Klux negroes; and as my
friend from Delaware says that Caswell Holt
came up on all occasions in the testimony, 1
think he will agree with me that if Caswell's
head came up occasionally, the heads of the
three negroeswho were convicted in Alamance
county, the very place where no white Ku
Klux can be convicted, came upon the stage,
I think, with every Conservative who was on
the stand from North Carolina as evidence
of Ku Klux among the negroes. It only
proves tho rule. No member of the white
Ku Klux organization has been convicted of
any crime committed by them in North Caro-
lina, down to this hour; and the statement of
the Senator from Delaware in his argument to
the Senate is, that, so far from there being evi-
dence to convict one, there is not evidence
enough against them to bind over a horse-
thief. Although we have here one murder
proven positively, five men scourged, and one
hundred and twenty-seven cases given by
name as occurring in various portions of the
State, not one white man has ever been con-
victed, of all those who must have participated
in these crimes.
The very appendix that is attached to the
minority report to show that there is a negro
league for the purpose of burning barns shows
that on the 20th of January, 1871, Hob. A.
W. Tourgee presiding, a Republican judge, the
verdict against these negroes is "guilty."
While I ain on that subject, another case was
testified to before us as occurring in Wake
county, where it was said there was some diffi-
culty in convicting negroes, and the trial was
removed to the adjoining county. Since I took
the floor yesterday a paper has been forwarded
to me giving the result of that trial against
negroes. I read this as evidence of the public
sentiment of North Carolina where negroes
are concerned;
"Wo learn that the barn-burners, whose cases wore
carried from this county to Chatham and Franklin,
were found guilty last week. Wo understand that
the whole seventeen were sentenced to twenty years
each in the penitentiary.
"That is pretty heavy, but not a bit too much so.
Let thoso villains understand that the heaviest pen -
alty known to the law will be imposed, and arson
and other outrages will soon ceaso. Wo believe that
too much tender-hcaitudness by judges sqmetirr.es
inflicts injury upon the law-ohiding public. Give
them "the best you have got in yourshop." Evil-
doers will be thus taught to shrink liom the com-
mission of crimc."
That is the sentiment in a North Carolina
paper when negroes are convicted ; and yet
there are abroad in North Carolina to-day—
the language is not too strong—the men who
have committed these one hundred and twenty-
seven eases, eleven of them murderers ; there
are abroad in North Carolina hundreds of
criminals who deserve just as severe a sen-
