274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
chosen last December, is the Legislature chosen
next before thehappeningof the vacancy which
occurred on the 4th day of this present month.
So that you have before you everything neces-
sary to a decision of this case, squarely and
fairly before you, unless indeed you are pre-
pared to say that the act of Congress upon
this subject is not worth the paper upon which
it is printed.
Now, then, is here a prima facia case?
There is no prima facie case for Mr. Biodgett.
He was not elected by a constituency author-
ized to elect him, but, on the contrary, in plain
defiance of the act of Congress, he was sought
to be elected by a Legislature tiiat had no more
jurisdiction to elect him a Senator from the
State of Georgia than had the Legislature of
the State of Ohio orof the State of New York.
That is the plain case ^ and therefore his cre-
dentials make no prima facie case for him at
all. Let u's see what this act of Congress is.
But before I proceed to that let me notice
the suggestion made by the chairman of the
committee in regard to the Tennessee case.
The cases are by no means analogous.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator goes
to that mav I ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr, CONKLING. 1 am listening to what
he says, and I wish to ask him a question to
see the distinction between these two cases.
He does not argue that a prima facie case is
complete by the credentials merely, but—and
he argues the case of Blodgett as an illustra-
tion of it—he includes everything of which the
Senate is bound to take notice.
Mr. THURMAN. Jurisdictional facts.
Mr. CONKLING. I should doubt a little
whether that distinction was a sound one.
However, I will linish my inquiry. Suppose,
as in the case from Alabama, although the
facts be not such as the Senate would take
judicial notice of, like the history of the coun-
try, they are nevertheless before the Senate
at the same time with the credentials ; they go
to the committee with the credentials; they
state a case which, if true, would show that
the party was not entitled to his seat 
Mr. THURMAN. No, they do not. They
do not show any such thing.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a right to assume,
for the sake of the question and the argument,
that they do, for if they do^ not it is not im-
portant to^ go into the distinction between a
prima, facie case and another case. Assuming
that they do show a case which would prevent
the party from holding the seat, why is not that
a prima facie case.just as much as the other,
although in the one case the Senator says the
evidence resides in a statute, or resides in the
history of the country? Nevertheless, I come
back to the point: when presented at the same
time with the credentials, and referred to the
committee, is a paper or a protest which brings
to the committee a knowledge of a fact which
for this purpose I have a right to assume, would
deprive the party of his seat, why is not that a
part of th e prima fades of the case ; and why
is not the committee in the first instance to act
upon that and pass upon it just as much as it
would pass upon the credentials of the other
man spelled out, and supported or overthrown,
fu caseraay be, by the acts of Congress and
the history of the country—a knowledge that a
State like Georgia exists, and that an election
took piaee, that a Legislature came in, and so
on and so on? What is the distinction in point
or principle?
Mr. THfJRMAN. I must have been ex-
tremely unfortunate in stating the matter—
ana I intended to be very brief and state it
very briefly—or else the Senator did not
near me,
Mr, CONKLING. I heard the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. My proposition first is
this^ when a man presents credentials here,
and it appears that he was elected by a Legis-
lature competent to elect, that the Legislature
by which he was elected was a legal Legisla-
ture, and was the proper Legislature to elect
a Senator, then he makes a prima fade case,
and if there is any ground of objection to his
taking his seat, that must be the subject of
investigation afterward; but he must be in the
first place adiniited to his seat. But when it
appears to the Senate that the Legislature by
which he was elected had no jurisdiction to
elect him at all, then you have .nothing to
inquire about.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator con-
fines it to the credentials if the credentials
themselves are fair on their face.
Mr. THURMAN. No. If the credentials
are fair on their face, and the Legislature that
elected the man had jurisdiction to elect him,
then I say he must take his seat, and if there
is any question to be investigated it must be
afterward on a contest or an inquiry.
Mr. CONKLING. To test that point let me
put a question once more. Suppose, in place
of the protest, which was presented by the
Senator from Ohio, I believe, another claim-
ant had appeared and presented what he in-
sisted was evidence of the fact that he was
in truth elected by this same Legislature after-
ward, the preceding claimant, as he alleged,
not having been legally elected, would that
make a prima facie case in the instance of
the iirst man ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; and I will give
the gentleman plenty of authority for it. That
very thing happened in the case of Potter vs.
Robbins. The credentials of Asher Robbins, as
Senator from the State of Rhode Island, were
presented to the Senate, and also at the same
time came before the Senate the credentials
of Potter, elected for the very same term, cach
.of them credentials in proper form, signed by
the Governor of the State of Rhode Island,
and both before the Senate at the same instant
of time, on the 4th day of March, when Sen-
ators were called to be sworn. What did the
Senate do ? They said that the man who had
the credentials that were prior in time, which
showed his electron before the election of the
other, was prima fade entitled to the seat.
Mr. CONKLING. Was the question made;
was not objection made to his being sworn?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly it was made
and argued here for days. It is the most vol-
uminously reported case of all our contested
elections in either branch of Congress. 11 was
argued by as able men as ever sat in this body.
There were the two credentials, Mr. Robbins's
credentials, showing him to have been elected
in May, and Mr. Potter's credentials, showing
him to have been elected in October. What
did the Senate do? They said Mr. Robbins's
election having been first in point of time, and
he having the proper credentials, he prima
facie had a right to the seat, and they admitted
him to his seat, allowed him to be sworn in on &
vote of the Senate after two days' debate, and
then referred the matter toaselect committee,
and that committee, about two months after-
ward, after a full consideration of the whole
subject, reported upon the case.
But, sir, that is not all. My friend has not
forgotten the celebrated New Jersey case in
the other House, which looked as if it would
almost produce a disorganization of the Gov-
ernment. There the members of the House
of Representatives from the State of New Jer-
sey, who had received a minority of the votes
of the people of that State, (that State then
electing by general ticket,) presented to the
House of Representatives credentials of their
election, signed by Governor Pennington, of
that State, and under the great seal of the State.
Ibe Clerk of the House of Representatives
refused to call their names, and it so happened
that there could not be a majority on either
side to decide that question. The members
from that State, parties were so nearly bal-
anced, made the majority the one way or the
other. I heir seats were contested on the
ground, if I recollect aright now, that the votes
or a county had not been counted because not
received technically, I believe, within the time,
and there was laid before the House of Rep-
resentatives a complete certified abstract of
ihe votes of the State of New Jersey, showing
that the Democratic claimants were entitled
to the seats.
The Whig candidates had received the cer-
tificate of Governor Pennington that they were
entitled. Now, what did the House of Repre-
sentatives do? After a week, if my recollection
is right, after about one week of anarchy in that
House, the Clerk refusing to call the numps of
the persons who had the certificates from Gov-
ernor Pennington—we all know how Mr. John
Quincy Adams rose in his seat and demanded
that the business of that House should not be
stopped by the act of a mere ministerial officer
of the House, and made a speech which pro-
duced so much effect that a Democrat rose in
his place and moved that Mr. Adams take the
chair, and it was carried; and Mr. Adams took
the chair and ordered the names of the per-
sons holding the credentials of Governor Pen-
nington to be called, and they were called and
they were aworn and took their seats ; and
afterward, upon an investigation of the subject,
if I am not mistaken, by the unanimous report
of the committee they were ousted of their seats
and the seats given to the contestants.
So that yon see how the precedents are.
Wherever there is a constituent body compe-
tent to elect, and that body elects at the proper
time, and the person elected presents his cre-
dentials, that makes a prima facie case and
entitles him to take his seat and to hold it until
ousted upon a contest or upon a scrutiny 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the appropriation bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I move that all prior
orders be suspended and that we go on with
this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to postpone the appropri-
ation bill for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the report of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be done.
We had better finish the appropriation bill
to-day, and we can then go on with the other
matter. I see no probability of getting it
through unless by going on now. I hope the
Senate will stand by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada, to
postpone the consideration of the appropriation
biii for the purpose of continuing the report of
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The motion was not agneed to—ayes twelve,
noes not counted.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 19) making appropriations for the pay-
ment ot additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes ; the
pendmg question being on the amendment of
Mr. Ihurman to the amendment of Mr. Pome-
roy.
The amendment of Mr. Pomeroy was to insert
the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of War to enlarge the
military depot at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. to
meet the necessities of the public service, 'SodO.OOO,
to he expanded under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
The amendment to the amendment was to
add the following:
Said enlargement to be built of marble or Seneea
stone, m the discretion of the Secretary of War. and
no iron not of American manufacture to be used.
Mr. POMEKOY. The Senator from Ohio,
I understand, will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. THURMA.N. Certainly. It was only
offered jocosely,
Mr. POMERGY. I understood it so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
