36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGK&fiSSlONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
tence, and not a man of them has been coil-
vieted. The testimony referred to, of Mr.
Kerr, on page 10 of the minority report, shows
that the disposition of the negroes is peaceable
and that they are not disposed to commit these
outrages. That of Mr. Ramsey, referred to by
the Senator from Delaware, shows that the
leagues he spoke of were organized to resent
the Ku Klux, and in his testimony on page 12
ef the minority report he shows that a mem-
ber of the Union League who arrested a col-
ored man and brought him before the League
for the purpose of trying him because he voted
the Democratic ticket was indicted and con-
victed for assault and battery on the negro.
I>lr. BLAIR. And pardoned.
Mr. SCOTT. And pardoned, I believe. So
it is stated. On the subject of pardons, how-
ever, Mr. Turner—and 1 know he has not any
very kindly feelings toward Governor Holden—
gave us the whole number of pardons com-
municated in his annual message that were
issued for all causes during the period of either
one or two years, and it struck me that it was
not near as many in proportion to population
as are issued by the Governors of northern
States.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman will admit,
then, that there is as much criminality in the
northern States?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; there is as much
individual violation of law, perhaps, in parts of
the northern States; but is there any case in
any northern State that the Senator can point
to where there is an organization which decrees
murder and whipping and scourging, and in
which there can be shown to be one hundred
and twenty-seven cases of that character, and
not a single man brought to justice?
Mr. BLAIll. 1 do not know whether there
is an organization, as I have not looked into
it very closely, in Indiana; but certain per-
sons banded together there, took out cer-
tain other persons from jail, and did murder
them, and they never have been found and
never punished. The same thing is occurring
now in the State of Kansas, where the other
day eight men were hung, and four of them,
who turned State's evidence, were hung by the
heels until they were dead. The same thing
is occurring now in the State of Nevada.
Mr. SCOTT. Is thc-re any evidence that
there exists a regular, sworn organization,
whose purpose is to overthrow the reconstruc-
tion acts ?
Mr. BLAIR. I think it ought to be, if it is
not.
Mr. SCOTT. Hera we have the sworn tes-
timony that the object of this organization is
to overthrow the reconstruction acts.
Mr. BLAIR. That is the only redeeming
part of it.
Mr. SCOTT. That is just what the minority
report says. It says you must overturn your
reconstruction acts or these outrages will go
on ; that is, the men who rebel against the law
must be obeyed and the Government must yield
to them. It is mob law announced in high
quarters ; it is nothing else.
Mr. BLAIR. The first law of that sort was
passed in high quarters. The great original
Ku Klux was this Congress.
Mr. SCOTT. So I understand. That is the
indictment which this minority report charges,
that the Congress which enacted the recon-
struction acts, and the one which is setting here
now, to use the language of your report, " are
guilty of things of which beasts would be inca-
pable and at which fiends would blush." That
is the language of the Senator from Missouri,
charging the Congress of the United States,
in a report intended to whitewash and apol-
ogize for the outrages of the Ku Klux in North
Carolina. This is not the only place where
they are apologized for. On page 162, where
these outrages are spoken of, where Mr. Joaiah
Turner, a Democratic editor, is the subject,
and William H. Battle, an honorable and dis-
tinguished Conservative gentleman of that
State, is the witness, he says:
Answer. He lives in Hillsboro, hut publishes his
paper in Raleigh.
Question. In his public utterances, did ho apol-
ogize for the doings of the Ku Klux ?
Answer. He did; his paper generally denounces
the violations of law by the KuKlux; but at the
same time he intimates that they were prompted by
the doings of the Union Leaguers. In that way ho
may have left the impression that it was somo sort
of apology.
This is the apology that is sought to be made
here. Now, Mr. President, I believe the rem-
edy for this thing is in the hands of the Demo-
cratic party in North Carolina; and I enter
into this exposition, painful as it is to me, for
the purpose of putting them in that position.
I believe they have the remedy in their pwn
hands. I believe that if they would follow the
example of that intrepid man—he deserves all
honor—who, Judge Settle testifies, did step
out in Rockingham or Rutherford county—ex-
Senator Reid—and boldly denounce the Ku
Klux; organization. If five prominent men of
the Democratic party in every county in North
Carolina would follow his example, Ku-Klux-
ism would hide its bloody head. I enter into
this exposition for the purpose of bringing out
that fact. I wish to make the Democratic party
here to-day disavow all sympathy with the Ku
Klux organization; and I wish to say to them
that it must not stop with words, but that it
must be followed by acts, and that men of the
South who would preserve their own rights and
the rights and lives of their wives and children
must take a decided stand, and not permit it
to be proven on the witness stand, as it was
proven by Judge Battle, that the only counte-
nance the Ku Klux organization got in Norih
Carolina was from the members of the Demo-
cratic party. The Republicans universally
denounce it; good men in the Democratic
party denounce it; but the only sympathy it
got was from the members of that party. I
wish to put the responsibility there. That
kind of ciime cannot live in any State where
public sentiment is unanimous against it.
But, to return on the point I was at when
diverted by the interruption of the Senator
from Missouri. I read from the testimony:
Is there any trouble in executing tho law against
those who commit theft?
Answer. None in the world.
That is in the testimony of Judge Kerr, who
showed it could be executed against the negro.
Now, to show how these crimes were viewed,
instead of giving the general result of any-
body's observation, I give a speech made by
the very gentleman who has been so highly
eulogized by the Senator from Delaware—Mr.
Kerr. He says, in giving an account of a
speech that he made:
" In that speech, which I addressed to my old con-
stituency, I said in substance this: ' Bo far as these
Ku Klux are concerned I suppose of all men in the
world I am most strongly committed against it, and
against every other secret, oath-bound, political
association. You know that well enough.' I then
remarked tliat one groat objection to these Ku Klux
I heard urged was that nobody could know who they
weie. I then made somo playful remarks which I
suppose were the offensive remarks. After denounc-
ing all such societies, and speaking of their danger-
ous tendoncy, I said : '1 have observed one thing in
regard to the Ku Klux. thatwhenever a man behaves
himself as he ought to do, if he is a married man, and
is found remaining at home with his own wife in-
stead of going off sind cohabiting with some colored
woman, or if he is not found interfering with his
neighbor's pig-pen or hen-roost, he has no very great
apprehension of the Ku Klux. But when a man
is discovered to be addictcd to these vices to which
I have referred, forthwith he becomes desperately
alarmed for the liberties of his country on account
of the Ku Klux.'"
That is the speeeh made to the very men in
the crowd who belonged to the Ku Klux; and
that is called denunciation of the Ku Klux, I
suppose. It is an apology for it. He spoke
"playfully" of such crimes as the murder of
Outlaw and the whipping of Caswell Holt, out-
rages which have so stirred the blood of my
friend from Delaware. Outlaw was not a bad
man, and yet the Ku Klux hanged him. Holt
was not a bad man, and they scourged and
shot him.
Another reason is given why these Ku Klux
outrages are occurring in North Carolina—the
public debt, and the administration of Gov-
ernor Holden. This is a subject I prefer leav-
ing to the honored representative of North
Carolina on this floor; but I wish only to take
up enough of the minority report to show that,
on the face of it, this is not a question which
could have caused these Ku Klux outrages.
On page 26 of the minority report the testi-
mony is quoted which shows that all parties
passed the legislation which resulted in in-
creasing the public debt. Holden was Gov-
ernor first in May, 1865, and Worth became
Governor in December, 1865. The new con-
stitution was adopted in 1868. As I am in-
formed, and as I know from an examination
of the constitution of North Carolina, the
Governor has 110 veto power; a law passed
by the Legislature becomes a law without his
sanction. So that so far as legislation is con-
cerned, he is not responsible for the inaugura-
tion of the public improvements. It is due to
the Legislature alone. Now, then, how has
this debt originated? On page 26 of the minor-
ity report, in quoting from the testimony of
Mr. A. T. Davidson, a Conservative, the fol-
lowing will be found:
Question. Were not all parties at the time this
legislation took place in favor of internal improve-
ments?
Answer. Yes, sir: I think there was no party vote
in these appropriations generally, but tho rosult has
been disaster to the State in the management of
certain parties, and that has produced dissatisfac-
tion. Who is to blame about it I cannot say.
This is from a Democrat and a director in
one of these railroad companies. On page 22,
Judge Battle, in speaking of Governor Holden
says :
Question. Was Governor Hoi-den supposed to be
privy to this ?—
That is, to the acts of Littlefield and Swep-
son—
Answer. Eor a long time it was believed that he
was not. The only thing attributed to him was that
he did not look sharply at the matter, fight it and
denounce it, but that he rather acquiesced in it;
but of late they aro beginning to charge him with
being a participator in it.
On page 25 we have a history of the whole
thing by A. T. Davidson :
Question. Who were the other parties engaged in it ?
Answer. I am a direetor of the Western railroad.
The history of it is this—you remember a great
disaster happened to North Carolina bonds in New
York. After being offered so very freely, they went
down very rapidly. Mr. Swepson sold about half of
them, I understand.
That is the Democratic president of a rail-
road.
Ho then took a large amount of our funds, and went
andbouglitPloridarailroad bonds, and turned every-
thing over to General Littlefield. These were first-
mortgage bonds, I think, of the Jacksonville rail-
road. They exchanged them with the State of
Florida for State bonds; and these they have been
negotiating in Europe. General Littleield has just
returned from Europe, and all our money has gone
into the Florida railroad, so that we have got noth-
ing, while they have got a road in Florida which is
covered with mortgages; and we cannot reach it.
Here, then, it is shown all parties originated
it, all parties were engaged in it; and on page
23 of the minority report, from which I quote,
it is said again that all parties have engaged
in denouncing it. What is the history of it?
The bonds were issued to the railroad presi-
dents. The Governor had a mere ministerial
duty to perform. When the act of the Legis-
lature was complied with, and the State treas-
urer issued the bonds, all the Governor had
to do was to sign his name to them, and he
could do nothing else.
Mr. BLAIR. Let me remind the gentleman
that the evidence in his impeachment trial
discloses the fact that Governor Holden was
