1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that any-
thing more need be said on the subject. The
appropriation has been recommended by the
Secretary of War.
Mr. OASSERLY. I was very much im-
pressed by the opinion expressed yesterday by
the Senatorfrom Missouri [Mr. Blair] in favor
of this amendment. I also am very desirous,
so far as I can, to meet the views of the new
Senater from Kansas, [Mr. Caldwell,] who
appears to be so warm in his advocacy of this
amendment. At the same time 1 i'eel that
there is a great deal of force in the objections
made to the magnitude of the sum named. It
is $350,000. I think it has not been the habit
in appropriations of this character for build-
ings to appropriate at once the whole sum
requisite to complete the buildings. It is
sometimes done, but in exceptional cases only.
I should greatly prefer myself, if the Sen-
ator from Kansas would agree, to reduce this
appropiiation to $150,000, and I think at that
amount there probably would be no serious
opposition to it. I hope the Senator will accept
that diminution of the sum if he sees no very
great objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to say that
the amount named in the amendment is pre-
cisely the amount recommended by the Secre-
tary of War, and as there has been some ques-
tion about this recommendation, I send the
letter of the Secretary—it is only four lines—
to the desk to be read. This is the second
recommendation which has come in at this
session. He recommended it more in detail
during the last session. ThisTs the last letter
from the Secretary of War on the subject. I
ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
War Department. March 21,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith eopv of
Senate bill No.il, te enable the Secretary of War
to enlarge the depot at Fort Leavenwoith,and have
to invite your attention to a report previously made
on February 28, 1871, recommending the passage of
this measure. w_ BELK1TAP,
Secretary oj War.
Hon. Henry Wilson, Chairman Committee on Mili-
tary Affairu, United States Senate,
Mr. POMEROY. I will say to the Senator
from California that this is the precise sum
xecomtnended and estimated. If $150,000
would do, I should prefer that; I want the
smallest sum that can possibly do; but as
General Pope in the first place urged the
recommendation to the Secretary, that the
amount named in the amendment be asked
for, and as it was submitted to the General
of the Army and he recommends it, and then
the Secretary of War has twice recommended
it, I do not feel authorized to reduce the
amount. I should be glad to reduce it if I
thought it would answer; but as this is neces-
sary under the plans and specifications at the
War Department for these buildings, no less
sum will answer, I apprehend. I ask, there-
fore, that the vote be taken on the amendment
as it is.
Mr. CALDWELL. I did not hear the
amendment offered by the Senator from Cali-
fornia?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia did not offer an amendment; he only
suggested that the amount be put at $150,000.
Mr. CALDWELL. In reply to that I would
only reiterate what my colleague has said, that
$350,000 is the amount necessary to carry out
the plans now made for the buildings at Fort
Leavenworth ; and in addition t« what I said
yesterday I desire to say that this appropri-
ation is not intended alone for the building of
stables, but it is for the building of stables
and departmental headquarters and barracks
for the troops. I really believe it will be true
cconomy in the Government to grant the whole
amount asked for at once, for the reason that
the buildings will then be completed according
to the plan and will result in a saving to the
Government.
I said yesterday probably as much as I am
able to sw on this question. I do not wish
to talfe up the time of the Senate in explain-
ing the proposition. I will only add that I
know and feel that it is a matter which deserves
the consideration o.f the Senate, and I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. COLE. In thehurry immediately attend-
ing the adjournment last evening, I took occa-
sion to call the attention of the Senate, or of
scr many of the Senators as were then present,
to the fact that this appropriation asked for is
entirely outside of the estimates and outside
of the regular Army appropriation bill; that we
had appropriated already about twenty-eight
million doliars for the use of the military depart-
ment, and included in that sum are several
items providing for the requirements of the
quarterraaster'sdepartment, one item of which
amounted to $4,000,000, and another, includ-
ing the word "stables"—and this amendment
is for the building of stables—amounted to
$1,000,000 more. Now, if we are to go out-
side of the regular estimates and take up a
proposition of this kind upon the suggestion
of the Senators from a particular State or
locality, we shall be opening a door which will
be exceedingly dangerous as a precedent here-
after.
Notwithstanding all that has been said by
my good friend from Kansas, there is, I em-
phatically say, no recommendation from the
Secretary of War for this appropriation. In
a printed document, to which 1 believe allusion
is made in the letter that was sent up to the
desk and read, a document sent in near the
close of the last session of Congress, the Sec-
retary of War transmits to the Senate, I sup-
pose in response to some resolution, a letter
from the general commanding in that depart-
ment, and it is accompanied by his own letter
in these terms:
War Department, February 10,1871.
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States, inobedience to the
resolution of February 9,1871—
It will be observed that this was called out
by a resolution introduced evidently by some
Senator, no doubt one of the Senators from
that State—
the report of Brigadier General Pope, United States
Army, in fa,vor of the enlargement of the military
post and depot of Fort Leavenworth, and recom-
mending an appropriation of $330,000 for that pur-
pose- WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
The recommendation, therefore, comes from
the general commanding that military depart-
ment. Now, if the Senator from Kansas will find
me any document in which there is a distinct
recommendation, even if it be outside of the
regular estimates, outside of the regular Army
appropriation bill, then he will have some
basis to stand upon, some argument to make
to the Senate 
Mr. POMEROY. I will correct the Sen-
ator right here. There was a resolution passed
by the Senate asking the Secretary of War to
send the papers that were sent up from that
department, which he did do without a rec-
ommendation. That was the first resolution ;
he gave no recommendation in the first papers.
Then, oil my motion, a second resolution was
passed by the Senate, calling for his view on
the subject, and in his second communication
he did recommend it.
Mr. COLE. Where is that?
Mr. POMEROY. I have not that before me ;
but in it he refers to the first letter.
Mr. COLE. It is very evident to me, and
I doubt not the Senate will agree with me in
that, that we ought to have before us some au-
thority on which to vote this sum of $350,000.
The Senator says there is some such document.
I have not found it. I have sent for all that
could be obtained from the files and records of
the Senate, and I do not find any such recom-
mendation.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me read what he
says.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of the discrepancy
of the dates. There is in the letter read at the
desk, an allusion to some communication of
the 28th of February. I am not able to find
that.
Mr. POMEROY. The Secretary of War
says in his letter, " I have the honor to return
herewith a copy of Senate bill No. 41."
That is the bill now offered as an amend-
ment. The title of it is given; and theu he
says:
"I have to invite your attention to the report
previously made, recommending the passage of the
measure."
Mr. COLE. That is the very letter in all
probability which I have just read.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not it. There
were two resolutions passed by the Senate.
One of them called for the papers ; and in his
answer to that he did not recommend the
measure, bat in the second resolution that
passed the Senate the Senate called for his
views on the subject, and then he recom-
mended it.
Mr. COLE. I can only repeat what I said
before, that if there is any document of that
sort, it certainly ought to be presented to the
Senate before they vote such a large sum as
this for this purpose.
Mr. CALDWELL. If the Senator from
California will allow me to explain 
Mr. COLE. Certainly I will yield.
Mr. CALDWELL. I know very well 
Mr. POMEROY. The recommendation has
gone to the Military Committee.
Mr. COLE. I have inquired of the chair-
man of the Military Committee for it this
morning. I have made various inquiries
Mr. CALDWELL. The chairman of the
Military Committee this morning had the paper
communicated, but it seems to have been mis-
laid. I know the paper does exist. I know
General Sherman did recommend the meas-
ure. No paper is probably in the Military
Committee room now.
Mr. COLE. If my friend is through I have
but a word to add; that notwithstanding there
may be some other paper, we have the whole
basis upon which this appropriation is asked
in this printed document printed in February
last. We have all the reasons presented here
by General Pope, the commander of that de-
partment ; theyare before us ; and I doubt very
much whether any document that has come
in since presents any more reasons for this
appropriation than those that,.are embodied
in the letter of General Pope.
Mr. CALDWELL. I will ask the Senator
from California to inquire of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs whether he
did not have the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of War.
Mr. COLE. The Senator can make inquiry
as well as I can. I did go to his seat and make
inquiry of him this morning before we entered
upon the consideration of this bill.
Mr. President, the extreme danger of adopt-
ing such legislation as is now asked must be
manifest to every Senator. If this is to be
done, why do we appoint committees? What
is the use of investigation by committees of the
appropriation bills ? Why should this formula,
this routine, be gone through with if proposi-
tions of this nature can be carried in the Sen-
ate after the action of committees upon them ?
Having already called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that we have made the regu-
lar appropriations here, including very large
amounts for the quartermaster's department,
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. DAVIS, ofKentucky. When this amend-
ment was proposed it struck me as being very
extraordinary in its amount; but when I un-
derstood that it had originated witu John Pope,
