38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 23,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
property were insecure in any county, to pro-
claim martial law. I now ask attention to a
few dates. By the act referred to, entitled
"An act to secure the better protection of life
and property," it was provided—
"That the Governor is hereby authorized and em-
powered, whenever in hisjudgment the civil author-
ities in any county are unable to protect its citizens
jn the enjoyment of life and property, to dcclarc
such county to be in a state of insurrection, and to
eall into active service the militia of the State to
such an extent as may become necessary to suppress
such insurrection; and in such case the Governor is
further authorized to call upon the President for
such assistance, if any, as in his judgment may be
necessary to enforce the law."
In pursuance of that law, in Octobor, 18G9,
(and the document to which I refer will be found
on page 9 of the documents accompanying the
Governor's message; I shall not take up time
by reading it,) Governor Holden issued a proc-
lamation with reference to the counties of
Lenoir and Jones, stating, after repeating a
number of outrages, that he gave—
" Notice in the most solemn manner that these vio-
lations of law and these outrages in the aforesaid
counties must cease; otherwise, I will proclaim
thoso counties in a state of insurrection, and will
exert the whole power of the State to onforce tho
law."
This was in October, 1869. lie did not rush
at once to the exercise of this extreme power,
when the jail at Kingston, Lenoir county, was
opened and three inen taken out and murdered.
He first issued this proclamation, giving notice
that he would exercise this power if these out-
rages did not cease. Then, remember that
on the 26th day of February, 1870, after these
outrages had been going on for a long time,
Wyatt Outlaw was hung in defiance of justice
at the court-house door. On the 7 th of March,
1870, just about ten days after Wyatt Outlaw
was hung, the Governor issued a proclamation
declaring the county of Alamance in insurrec-
tion.
What was the limit to his discretion ? "When
he believed that person and property were in-
secure in any county." Now, sir, when an
armed mob can come at night into the county
town and take out the defenseless citizen and
hang him at the court-house door, and no man
is arrested for it, are life and property secure?
In the exercise of his discretion, the Governor
issued that proclamation and declared Lhat
counly in insurrection, and the proclamation
closed with offering a reward for tho murder
ers. He sent the militia there. That is the
■whole head and front of his offending in this
matter. lie sent the militia there to put down
the Ku Klux. That is what ho is impeached
for; lhat is what lie is convicted for.
Now, suppose he was mistaken, what else
is there in it to justify this proceeding of im-
peachment and of conviction? They allege
that he transcended the law, that he sent
cruel and violent oflicers there, (Colonel Kirk
and Colonel Bergen,) and that those men com-
mitted great outrages upon, the people of
North Carolina. 1 shall come to that in a
moment, for although I do not deem it my
duty to take charge of all the witnesses, and
ef their characters, who come before us, jus-
tice to some of them requires that statements
made here should be noticed, and I may as
well take up that question. George W. Kirk
was the colonel of the militia sent there; and
the charge is made against him that he is a
notorious miscreant, thief, plunderer, and
murderer. All the epithets that could be
bestowed upon him are given to him.
Mr. President, I have looked at this man
Kirk ; I have looked at the evidence which is
given about him. I am satisfied that he is a
stern man and that he is a rough man. He
does not make war with kid gloves on. He is
an earnest man. Jn some instances I have no
doubt he is a passionate man. But the alje-
gation is that he was a thief and a murderer
and a robber during the war. These allega-
tions being made, I took the trouble to inquire
into them ; and as the Senator from Delaware
has stated some things that have been stated
to him outside the testimony, I may be per-
mitted to say that since that statement was
made upon the floor of the Senate there have
been exhibited to me a commission to George
W. Kirk from Andrew Johnson, the provis-
ional governor of Tennessee, as a regular
officer of the Tennessee troops, and also a reg-
ular and honorable discharge of George W.
Kirk as the colonel of the second North Car-
olina volunteers.
Mr. POOL. Of the Federal Army.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir, of the Federal Army;
and that is the point I want to come to now.
What is the testimony against him ? Mr.
Kerr speaks of him as a rough, violent man
to other prisoners, and his swearing at them ;
but on page 404, without taking up time to
read it, he testifies to the kind treatment of
himself by this man Kirk, testifies to his com-
ing in, sitting down along side of him, telling
him that he had a wife and children of his
own, sympathizing with him, and letting him
go home without a guard, saying how he had
been misrepresented.
Now, sir, I propose to show from whence
the testimony which he says misrepresents him
comes. I only wish to get him properly be-
fore the country, for it is due to a brave man,
even if lie is a rough man, that it should be un-
derstood where the charge comes from when
he is thus assaulted before the Senate of the
United States. There are two witnesses who
speak of him, Ramsey and Turner, and 1 think
Judge Battle, all of whom refer to the testi-
mony given by a Mr. Cocke in the impeach-
ment tiial at Raleigh. Now, for the purpose
of showing how this thing originates, let me
refer to that impeachment trial and see what
was said about hita there. These men knew
nothing of him personally. They gave what
is testified to in the impeachment trial as the
foundation of what they say. This is Mr.
Cocke's testimony, the one who is referred to.
Speaking of Kirk's character, he says:
I suppose I could not better describe it than it
was described by the witness who preceded me.
That witness was a Mr. Isaac E. Reeves
What does Mr. Reeves say?
Question. IIow long have you known George AV.
Kuk?
Answer. I have known him four or live years.
Question. You did not know him before tho war ?
Answer. Not personally.
Question. Did you know his character before tho
war?
Ansiver. No, sir; I did not know his general char-
acter before.
Question. This character that you give him is a
chuiacter that he acquired during the rcbe'lhon ?
Answer. Jjuring the rebellion or war.
Question. You know nothing about him except
what occurred iu his conduct during the war?
Answer. Well, I don't know that I could answer
that affirmatively. I have heard of some 
Question. I speak of his general character.
An steer. No, sir.
Question. I ask you if he was a United States
officer?
Answer. Yes, sir; I understood thathe was colonel
of a regiment in the Federal service.
Question. "When vou speak of this man being des-
perate and remorseless you mean with relerence to
the character he acquired during the war?
Answer. Yes, sir; during the war, Since the war
I do not know of any outrageous acts at all. His
behavior, as tar as I have seen, has been that of a
comparatively qniet citizen, except—
Question. A quiet citizen ?
Answer. Except a few months whon he was in the
militia service. lie made some reputation during
that time for cruelty.
Question. There were very difficult times over
there?
Answer'. Yes, sir; rather turbulent times.
Question. Ail you heard of him in respect to his
character referred to when he was in the service?
Answer. Yes, sir; when ho was in the servicc.
Re-direct examination.
By Mr. Mcnimon:
Question. Yon say that he was in tho militia ser-
vice after the war ?
Annoer. Yes, sir.
Question. What was his reputation as a militia offi-
cer there?
Answer. It accorded very well with his reputation
during the war while he was in the Federal service,
except th-at I do not know of murders perpetrated.
I know he was a terror of the people of Middle Ten-
nessee. I mingled with them a good deal there while
he was in the service.
Thatwillbe found on pages276 and 277 ofthe
impeachment trial, and on pages 285 and 286.
Both the gentlemen who gave this testimony
admitted that they were on the rebel side
during the war, while Colonel Kirk was a col-
onel in the Federal service, and "he was ttie
terror of the people of Middle Tennessee."
I think, perhaps, I could mention the name
of a man who was the terror of all this region
around the capital, and I suppose he claims
to be a gentleman, and I think he has aspired
to the dignity of having a biographer. Col-
onel Kirk was in the BVleral service, did his
duty, and was honored by the people of Mid-
dle Tennessee. Making all allowance for his
rough character, (for he is a rough man,) we
are to consider where this testimony has come
from before we condemn him upon the testi-
mony which has been given here of cruel con-
duct by him. You have heard from the lips
of the Senator from Delaware the statements
that are charged against him.
I was struck with the allegation of the Sen-
ator from Delaware that he had caught the
name of George W. Kirk in a bill that was
introduced by somebody, and he wanted to
convey the idea that it was for these services
he was to be compensated. I had the curiosity
to go and look at the bill, and I find that it
was introduced by the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Brownlow] to compensate him (Kirk)
for raising troops for the Federal service. I
know that the Senator from Tennessee is not
in the habit of introducing bills for compensa-
tion to people who fought on the wrong side.
So much for that.
I was struck again at the fact that the people
who make these complaints are the men who
were charged with being members of the Ku
Klux organization. How likely they would be
to complain of the acts of the colonel who was
sent there. Look at it. Here were thirty or
forty of them arrested as Ku Klnx. One of
them was before us, Lueian Murray. He tes-
tifies that of all the men who were confined
with him all but three or four admitted to each
other that they were Ku Klux. He also ad-
mits that when asked whether he was one he
denied it. He is the man who complains of
Bergen : others complain of the acts of Kirk.
The associates of these men—I will not say
these men who were arrested, for I do not
know that, but the associates of these men
had liung Wyatt Outlaw, had whipped Cas-
well Holt, had whipped Alonzo Corliss, had
whipped Itamsour, had whipped a revenue
ofKcer; .and yet, although they took the law
into their hands to hang and to murder and to
prevent the execution of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, when a militia officer comes among
them they must be treated like gentlemen !
Why, sir, it carried me back to the history
of the whisky insurrection when one George
Washington was in command of the militia
ordered to western Pennsylvania. I sent to
the Library for a history of the whisky insur-
rection written by a descendant of one of the
men who were charged with having somewhat
to do with it, for the purpose of showing how
men may by their feelings be influenced in
regard to the conduct of militia sent to thwart
their purposes. I send to the desk and ask
the Clerk to read the two passages which I
have marked on pages 2ti7 and 208.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The troops from Pennsylvania and New Jersey
were ordered to march to Carlisle previous to pro-
ceeding to Bedford; and those from Maryland and
Virginia were to rendezvous at Cumberland on the ■
Potomac. The command of the whole was given to
General Lee, then Governor of Virginia. The dif-
ferent corps, drawn freshly from tb*> people, were
composed of very different materials, the greater
