276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
major general, my amazement was somewhat
abated. I thought it originated rather in his
grandiloquence than in any necessity of the
military service of the country.
I am always willing myself to vote for any
appropriation that I deem necessary for the
proper military service of the country. I do not
believe that this is such an appropriation. I
subscribe to the sound sense and to the prac-
tical views of the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Tiwojf,] who addressed the Senate yesterday
evening on this subject. I believe the settle-
ments West are advancing far beyond Fort
Leavenworth, and that about the time these
magnificent stables have been completed the
Government will be ready to abandon their
use entirely, and they will be a sort of lapsed
legacy for Fort Leavenworth or for the city
that will be .built there.
This recommendation reminds me ofan anec-
dote I heard in relation to General John Pope
during the late rebellion. It will be recol-
lected that after the battle of Shiloh General
John Pope advanced to Grenada and achieved
some remarkable feats about that locality. He
published a proclamation that he had taken,
I think, ten thousand arms and thirty thousand
prisoners. When the thing came to be ex-
plained, his army had occupied a certain por-
tion of country, and he conjectured the amount
of population within that area of country,
men, women, and children, and he claimed
that the whole of them were his prisoners.
About that time one of his soldiers, a most
gallant young fellow, who had been wounded
or had camp fever, from disease or the casual-
ties of battle, was in extremis. He called for
one of his camp-fellows to read him some
Scripture. He said he felt he would not be
here long, and he wanted to be making his
peace with Heaven. His friend took the Bible
and opened it casnally, and he happened to
open it where there was an account of Samson
having slain a thousand Philistines with the
jaw-bone of an ass. Said he, "Stop, John;
isn't that signed John Pope, Major General
of the United States Army?" [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. AVill the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to say that the recom-
mendation for the construction of these build-
ings at Fort Leavenworth was made by General
Sheridan and General Sherman long anterior
to the assignment of General Pope to that
department; and although I dislike very much
to spoil a good story, I think it is due to Gen-
eral Pope to give my knowledge of the trans-
action which nas been referred to by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. THURMAN. About the Philistines?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. Oh, no; not that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I beg pardon ;
I thought that was the very point my honorable
friend was rising to. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. Not at all. I do not think
even General John Pope ought to be treated
with injustice here; and this is the correc-
tion which I wish to make of the remarks of
the Senator from Kentucky: General Pope de-
clared that he never sent the dispatch to Gen-
eral Haileek which was published throughout
the country, and he showed me after the war
the correspondence that took place between
him and Halieck, in which he proved conclu-
sively that the dispatch bad never been sent by
him, but had been manufactured by Haileek.
I make this statement in justification of Gen-
eral Pope, because I think it is due to him.
That story has run upon him long enough, and
has given occasion to the other one which the
Senator from Kentucky has just mentioned.
Mr. WILSON". Mr. President——■
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. A;<-
thoxy in the chair.) The Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
'Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have a great
deal of confidence in General Sherman, in his
military capacity, and in his honor and knight-
hood. I have none in General John Pope.
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot say thatJ have a
great deal myself, but I do not believe that
story.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have not much
in General Halieck. I believe General Hai-
leek is entitled to as much credit as General
John Pope. I have very little in the capacity
of General Sheridan. I believe he is a gallant
rider; but as to intellect and military capa-
city, he is a very small affair. [Laughter'.]
I think that this proposition to appropriate
§350,000 for building stables at that now almost
central point of the United States, in Kansas,
which in a few years will be about the center
of the United States, is just about of a piece
with the proclamation of General John Pope,
or of General Halieck, whichever it was.
Mr. BLAIR. I made the correction, if the
Senator will permit me, because I did not be-
lieve that the Senator from Kentucky would
willingly do injustice even to General John
Pope.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Oh, no; not
at all.
Mr. BLAIR.. I have myself seen the cor-
respondence between Pope and Halieck on the
subject, in which Pope invited him to produce
any record of any such telegram ; and in that
correspondence I say here that General Hal-
ieck failed utterly to show that he ever received
any such telegram from General Pope.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have but one
remark to make. If General Halieck imposed
such a degrading wrong as that upon General
Pope General Pope certainly ought to have
redressed himself.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I regret very
much that the Senator from Kentucky has
thought it to be his duty to make these com-
ments on General Pope. I suppose General
Pope, like most of the men in the civil and
military service of the United States during
the war, had some failings, some shortcomings,
made some mistakes; hut General Pope is
one of ihe best-read and best-informed officers
of the United States, and there are to day very
few men his peers in that respect. I think
he rendered important service to the country
during the war, and that when the history of
our times is written General Pope will be vin-
dicated from many of the aspersions cast upon
him during the war.
Now, sir, General Pope did recommend that
this provision should be made, and the recom-
mendation was strongly indorsed by the Gen-
eral of the Army ; and the Secretary of War,
on the 28th of February last, referring to these
papers, said :
"And for those reasons, concurring with the de-
partment commander and the General ot' tile Army,
a grant of the necessary appropriation is strongly
recommended."
In a paper recently written thi3 is referred
to, and, of course, as it is referred to, it mnst
stand as the official judgment of the Secretary
of War. The Committee on Military Affairs
recommended this proposition. I believe it
had the general concurrence of the members
of the committee, on the recommendation of
the General of the Army and the Secretary
ol War. I had personally much doubt about
it. I have taken no part in the advocacy of
this amendment except to report it. If my
own judgment governed in the matter I should
like it to go over until another year, and think
upon it; but there can be no question about
the recommendation of the Secretary of War,
and that the opinion was expressed—
" That the military interests of the United States
could not fill to be greatly promoted, and the mili-
tary expenditures in future greatly economized, by
tue proposed enlargement, and improvement of the
military establishment at Fort Leavenworth."
I may say here, perhaps, without impro-
priety, that the members of the Military Com-
mittee who knew that section of the country,
who were familiar with the whole matter,
pressed the appropriation upon the ground
that it would be a great saving to the nation,
and it was reported for that reason.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I am very
sorry to hear the criticisms that have been
made upon General Pope. I do not intend to
defend everything that he has done ; but I do
say that I believe he was a gallant officer and
that he is an officer of great ability. I think
he was harshly treated. I think he was, if I
might use the word, crushed in the Army, as
many men have been before, and as perhaps
many will be in the future if we are to have
great wars. I agree fully with the Senator
from Missouri in reference to the communica-
tions that passed between Generals Pope and
Halieck. I do not believe one word of the
statement published broadcast through the
country in reference to a pretended dispatch
from General Pope as to the number of pris-
oners captured by him. I do not believe lie
ever sent such a dispatch ; I do not believe he
ever made such a statement; and I do not
believe General Halieck to-day could explain
satisfactorily to the country how it was that he
allowed that report to go before the country.
But, sir, in reference to the proposition now
before the Senate, I think the amount asked
for is a little too large. If it were amendable
in the position it now occupies I would offer
an amendment to it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is amendable.
Mr. LOGAN. My amendment would be to
reduce it to $200,000 for the present. I am
in favor of the proposition, and am willing to
vote the amount of money that is necessary to
build these barracks, or stabling, or whatever
it may be, at the reservation at Fort Leaven-
worth.
Mr. CALDWELL. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CALDWELL. I have the report of
General Sherman in my hand, in which he
states that this amount of money is necessary
to complete these plans.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the date of it ?
Mr.^ CALDWELL. January 7, 1871. If
you will permit me I will read it.
Mr. LOGAN. I remember it. It was
before the committee.
Mr. CALDWELL. What I was going to say
was, that if the Senator will make it S2-50,000
we will accept that amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. I said that I
would be willing to appropriate that amount
of money for the present, for we all know that
if afterward more money is necessary it will
readily be appropriated. I think such a reduc-
tion might probably have the effect to cause
them to economize as much as possible, and for
that reason 1 propose to reduce the amount.
I am perfectly well satisfied that this prop-
osition is a measure of economy. I do not
agree with the remarks the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. ConiiETi] made yesterday in refer-
ence to the manner of pursuing Indians. I
do not claim that I know anything about In-
dian warfare myself. It has been a great many
years since I was on the plains as a soldier,
and I knew but little about it then. But wo
all know that in the winter season, in the cold
season of tlie year, when the grass is not grow-
ing, Indians cannot roam over the plains.
They are not provided with forage for their
horses as we are. They depend entirely upon
grass for the feeding of their horses at the
time that they make their raids and engage in
their warfare. At that season of the year,
when we are following Indians, cur horses,
too, live upon grass and have to do it. There
is no necessity for cavalry far out on the plains
in the winter time, for yon cannot use them;
you cannot follow Indians any great distance
for the want of forage. In pursuing them you
must live upon the growth of the country, not
expecting to carry forago with you. If you
