1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
did carry it ia wagons you would never over-
take the Indians.
If, then, cavalry are to be kept far out on
the plains in the winter time, where you must
have stabling to keep the horses warm and
have them in condition in the spring of the
year, you must transport the forage at great
expense either on wagons or on railroads, and
either is a very expensive process. Hence, if
you have stabling or barracks in the country
where the forage is produced and where it can
be purchased near by, you save the transporta-
tion, and your horses are in better condition
and better prepared fpr advancing upon the
Indians in the spring of the year, at the time
their warfare generally commences, than if
you were to keep them far out where you can-
not obtain at all times the character of forage
that is necessary to keep your horses in proper
condition.
If it were left to me, I would withdraw this
character of troops from the plains every win-
ter, and would feed them and stable them and
have them attended to in the settlements
where forage could be procured easily, and
where, as was said by the Senator from Kansas
yesterday, the troops can be put in better con-
dition, where there can be better discipline,
where they can have drill, where they can be
prepared a3 troops ought to be. If, instead of
the present policy of stationing perhaps half a
company or one company away out in some
little fort, where you spend from $100,000 to
$150,000—1 have not looked at the estimates,
but I presume that amount would be expended
at each one, in providing buildings for your
horses and men—some such plan as this was
adopted by the War Department, providing at
one point for a whole regiment, where they
could all be provided with forage and pro-
visions and everything of the kind until the
season of the year arrived when they were use-
ful on the plains, in my judgment you would
save hundreds of thousands of dollars every
year.
If it were not that I do not wish to detain
the Senate, I could give instances where large
amounts of money have been expended in
preparing barracks for the men and stabling
for the horses at these little forts, where they
are perfectly useless the very moment the
troops are withdrawn; and the moment the
troops are withdrawn they are destroyed so
as to prevent them from being used by the
Indians, or, if they are upon reservations,
the buildings are generally sold or given away,
so that the Government does not derive any
benefit whatever from them.
I will offer the amendment that i suggested.
'I move to reduce the amount, as suggested by
the Senator from Kansas, to $250,000.
Mr. IIAItLAN. Before the Senator set-
tles on the exact amount he will name in his
amendment, I should like to know what this
is for. The honorable Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Caldwell] yesterday said they had provis-
ion made already at Fort Leavenworth for six
hundred cavalry, and he thought there ought
to be additional provision made to the extent
of supplying four hundred more horses and
troops, I suppose.
Mr. LOGAN. That is in order to make a
full regiment.
Mr. HARLAN. Now the Senator from
Illinois states that on the plains provision for
a man and horse might cost from one hundred
to one hundred and fifty dollars each.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. HARLAN. We will take it at that.
Four hundred horses, at $100 each, would be
$•10,000; at $150 each, it would be $00,000 ;
and this proposition is for $350,000, and the
Senator's amendment is for $250,000. Now,
taking his estimate that it would cost out on the
plains the extravagant sum of $150 to prepare
for wintering over each soldier and his horse,
to prepare barracks for him out on the plains,
what is to be done with the additional $210,000:
for if you use $100 for each, and provide for
four hundred horses, the total will be but
$40,000!
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator misunderstood
me entirely. I did not say it would take $150
for a man or horse. I said that at each one
of these little posts out on the plains, far out
in the Indian country, I presumed the barracks
and stabling prepared for a company, or per-
haps half a company of cavalry would cost in
each instance from one hundred to one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. I do not
remember exactly the cavalry organization,
but taking ten companies to a regiment, as I
think it is, it would cost much more than this.
I was only saying that the stabling at these
little posts, far out in the Indian country, would
cost that for each company or for each num-
ber, let it be a company or half company, that
might be stationed there for the purpose of
guarding against the Indians; and besides that
is the transportation of the forage from Fort
Leavenworth, Jefferson City, Omaha, or where
ever it may be, either by rail or wagon, which
is very expensive. Any person who knows
anything about warfare knows that one of the
most expensive items connected with it is the
transportation of troops, the transportation of
baggage, and everything of that kind.
I have said all i desire to say on this sub-
ject, and I now move the amendment reducing
the appropriation $100,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . The Sena-
tor from Illinois moves to reduce the appro-
priation to $250,000.
Mr. CALDWELL. Before that motion is
put I should like to make a brief explanation
of this matter. It seems to me that this pro-
vision is not understood by the Senate. There
appears to be an opinion here that $350,000
is asked for the purpose of building stables.
That is not the case. This $350,000 is asked
for the purpose of enlarging the military depot
at Fort Leavenworth, so that it will afford
accommodations for at least one full regiment,
of cavalry, say a thousand men. What I
stated yesterday in my remarks was that there
were probably accommodations now for four
hundred or five hundred men and animals at
Fort Leavenworth. Wo want this money for
the purpose of enlarging those buildings, for
constructing additional buildings, and in that
we include buildings for department head-
quarters, depots, barracks for the men, stables
lor the horses, store-houses for goods, raid
matters of that kind.
As there may be some Senators here to-day
who were not present during the debate yes-
terday, I desire to explain that any buildings
erected at Fort Leavenworth will be perma-
nent. The Government owns at Fort Leaven-
worth some six or eight thousand acres of
land. As I have already stated, they have
buildings there for four or five hundred men.
The design now is to enlarge them so as to
accommodate one full regiment, and.instead
of wintering the troops necessary to guard the
frontier of Kansas out at these remote posts
on the plains, to bring them in to Fort Leaven-
worth during the winter, as the Senator from
Illinois has said, where grain can be bought
cheaply. If you undertake to winter them at'
those forts the cost for hay, for grain, and for
subsistence for the men is so much greater
that it will make a difference of $150,000 in
wintering a regiment of cavalry; and if I wanted
to detain the Senate I could show that within
the last dozen years the Government has built
a dozen or more forts in Texas, in New Mexico,
and in the Indian country, that have since been
abandoned, torn down, and destroyed, simply
because they are of no further use. these
buildings at Fort Leavenworth will be perma-
nent, and will add, of course, to the efficiency
of the troops by putting one regiment together
and drilling them during the winter. 1 hope
that the amendment will be allowed to pass.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow mp,
I desire to state to him, which I did not state
before, the reason why I offer this amendment
to his proposition, and it is this: all of us who
know anything about estimates know that the
estimates made in reference to Army matters
generally are at least for as much as is neces-
sary and they are usually rather extravagant.
It was with a view to induce them to reduce
expenditures within as small a compass as pos-
sible, and to force them to be as economical
as possible, that I offered the amendment. If
hereafter this amount should not bo found to
be sufficient Congress can make a further
appropriation.
Mr. CALDWELL. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Kansas to accept
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CALDWELL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
amendment will be so modified.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to vote for all that
is necessary to make barracks and sheds for
Mr. POMEROY. That is not this proposi-
tion at all. It is not for sheds, but for perma-
nent barns and headquarters.
Mr. HARLAN. What is it for? I desire
to know precisely what it is for.
Mr. POMEROY. There are no sheds at
Fort Leavenworth ; they are permanent stone
buildings, barns. The appropriation is to be
for department headquarters and officers quar-
ters and soldiers' quarters. They are all made
of stone. There are no sheds there, and they
are to be peimanent as the present buildings
are permanent.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I have the informa-
tion desired. I supposed that this very large
appropriation was intended to put up pine
edifices for headquarters, for officers chiefly,
and building perhaps a few additional stables.
I do not think it is necessary to go into that
now. 1 have been at Fort Leavenworth and
have seen the buildings that are there of the
character the honorable Senator describes.
They are very fine stone edifices that are now
occupied by the officers at that place, and the
stables are very well built, I may say finely
built, those that I remember to have seen.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe I made one
mistake. I think the barracks are wooden
buildings, but the large store-houses and other
buildings are of stone.
Mr. HARLAN. The impression on my
mind is that nearly all the buildings are of
stone.
Mr. CALDWELL. If the Senator will ex-
cuse me, I will say that I live at Leavenworth
City, near Fort Leavenworth, and I know ex-
actly what the buildings are composed of. I
know the buildings for officers and men are of
wood, and the stables are of wood, but the
warehouses are of stone. I know that of my
own knowledge.
Mr. HARLAN. _ Very well. The impres-
sion on my mind is that the most of those I
saw were of stone, but of course my informa-
tion is not as reliable as that of the honorable
Senators who represent that State. That is
not material, however. This appropriation
seems to be for the purpose of erecting other
stone buildings, other line edifices, not sheds
for horses, but stone barns, permanent build-
ings. I do not think that is necessary. In all
human probability it will be found more eco-
nomical to quarter these troops at Denver one
year from this time, than at Leavenworth, in
the center of the country to be protected by
thein, or possibly at some point in New Mex-
ico or in Arizona where their presence will
exert a controlling influence over the savages.
If for a temporary purpose it might be
found economical to bring the cavalry in from
the plains and winter them at Leavenworth I
would be perfectly willing to vote an appro-
priation sufficient to build temporary sheds
or stables to protect the horses and temporary
buildings for the protection <jf the troops ;_but
I would not go into the expense at this time
of erecting fine edifices for headquarters for
