1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
This is no more germane to it than it is to
the Koran.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. AUow_ me to state,
in regard to that point whether it is germane
(o the appropriation bill, that the section of
law which I propose to repeal by this amend-
ment is part of an appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I understood that, and
I had just stated that but for the order the Sen-
ate adopted limiting business this amendment
would be admissible, because but for that order
you might offer anything as an amendment to
nn appropriation bill—legislation of any kind.
It has been done again and again; bat that
order having the effect to limit amendments to
matters that are germane to the appropriation
bill, it excludes the amendment offered by the
Senator from Connecticut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The perma-
nent Presiding Officer yesterday ruled in con-
formity with the views of the Senator from Ohio.
He did not precisely decide the question, but
he stated that such was his opinion, and said that
if it was the pleasure of the Senate he would
submit the question to the Senate without em-
barrassing the Senate by any ruling on his part.
The present occupant of the chair will follow
the course indicated by the permanent Presid-
ing Officer, and, if it is the desire of the Senator
from Connecticut, will submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no desire to
submit it to the Senate. Whatever the decision
of the Presiding Officer is I submit to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was the
opinion though notthe ruling of the permanent
Presiding Officer yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And it was acquiesced
in by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was ac-
quiesced in by the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I offer this amendment,
to come in on page 5, after line twenty-four
of section four:
For the purpose of more effectually securing life
and property upon the coast of New Jersey for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872, $200,000.
I send to the Chair resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey that were presented the
other day by my colleague and referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and I ask that they
be read. They are short. The amendment is
offered under those instructions.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whereas N. Broughton Devereux, chief of the
revenue marine, in his report of December, 1870, to
the honorable the Secretary of the Treasury, recom-
mended additional appropriation to the lite-saving
stations, for the protection ot life and property upon
the New Jersey coast; and whereas Henry W. Saw-
yer, superintendent of the stations, a,nd the eom-
missionersol pilotage haverecommended additional
stations, with crews at each station, and improved
surf-boats, for the reason that the present boats are
unsafe and worn out: Therefore,
Be it rewloed by the Senate and General Assembly
of the State of New Jersey, That our Senators and
ltepresentatives in Congress be urged to secure a,n
appropriation of $200,000 for the year 1S71, for the
purpose ot more effectually securing life and prop-
erty upon the New Jersey coast.
Ami be it resolved. That the Governor be requested
to furnish a copy of the foregoing preamble and res-
olution immediately to the members of Congress
from New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, this
amendment is offered now in pursuance of the
instructions of the Legislature of New Jersey.
There is a special and particular reason why
this appropriation should be added to this bill,
to which I desire to call the attention of Sen-
ators, and particularly of the Senators from
New York. During the session of Congress
before the last 1 procured to be added to the
sundry civil appropriation bill this clause:
" For pay of six experienced surfmen to man each
of the boats at alternate life-saving stations on tile
New Jersey coast, commencing at the iirst station
from Sandy Hook, from December 15 to March 15,
to be appointed by the keepers thereof, at forty dol-
lars per month, $10,060."
That appropriation has been exhausted,
that time has expired. If at this session of
Congress, if at this time, if on this bill you do
not insert the appropriation now asked for—
and I call the attention of the Senators from
New York to it—the whole of that coast, the
most dangerous coast on our whole sea-board,
guarding the most important commercial capi-
tal in the world, is left for the first time in
twenty-five years without any appropriation,
without any life-saving apparatus whatever ;
a circumstance that has not happened, I think,
since the first appropriation which was made
in 1845.
I stated on another occasion that $10,000 were
asked for to man alternate stations, because
we had failed in the House of Representatives
to succeed in obtaining the appropriation we
needed for all the stations. I stated, also,
that the experiment has now been fully and
fairly tried; that lives have been saved there
in large numbers, property prevented from
destruction in large amounts, three times as
much as the whole appropriation asked for in
one ship only.
But I should not, Mr. President, come here
and ask to put this appropriation on this bill,
although it is germane to the bill, although it
is an appropriation in accordance with law, in
accordance with a general law on the statute-
book, as well as having been the subject of
special appropriation frequently since 1845;
yet, notwithstanding all this, I should not ask
it on this bill except for the simple fact that
for one year, during the whole of the next
winter, you will leave that whole coast utterly
unprotected, no men and no boats there, no
matter what vessel may come ashore or what
the emergency may be.
It is fearful to contemplate for one who
remembers the New Era and has seen the
mound that covers the remains of the frozen
bodies washed ashore, while the arms that
belonged to them were yet stiffened and fast-
ened to the shrouds they had clasped in the
last throes of life.
Mr. President, I do not intend to occupy the
time of the Senate by making a speech on this
subject, because on a previous occasion I had
the honor and the great satisfaction of satisfy-
ing this Senate unanimously of the importance
of this measure. When the Senate was full
they voted the appropriation last summer with-
out a dissenting voice. Now I am simply ask-
ing that you do not desert this humane purpose
in which you have embarked and for which you
have voted money ever since 1845. I cannot
surely ask in vain.
I have described this apparatus before to the
Senate and the method in which life has been
saved, and it is becoming so well known now
that no civilized people will be without such
protection, and few dangerous coasts are with-
out such protection.
There are some appropriations that are duties
that civilization and Christianity demand. I
call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to the bills that pass here
appropriating money for western rivers. I call
his attention, notto find fault. I admit, for the
sake of my argument, that they are all right
and proper and necessary. I have not made
the calculation myself, but I am told the river
and harbor bill of last session contains appro-
priations of over four million dollars. New
Jersey has never had but $38,000 since the
formation of the Government for such purposes.
At the last session I procured to be put in that
bill $20,000 to clear out the river Delaware
up to the capital of the State of New Jersey.
It was absolutely necessary. I fought hard
to get it in the Senate. But it was stricken
out in the committee of conference, and we
have not got a dollar yet, and this was the
highway to our capital. I call upon my col-
league, whom I am so happy to see here at this
time, to assist me in showing to the Senate the
injustice that has been done to New Jersey.
Perhaps one reason they have overlooked us
is because we have not been a mendicant com-
munity ; we have not been in the habit of
coming before Congress and asking for appro-
priations which it was our duty to attend to ;
but in this case it is not for New Jersey, but
for the common benefit of all who' travel on
the great deep, for the whole shipping interest
that we come.
I call your attention again to the fact that
this is not an appropriation for New Jersey.
When I asked for it before, it was not asked
for upon that ground. It was an appropria-
tion, as I put it then, for humanity ; it was an
appropriation for the whole world, an appro-
priation to save life, an appropriation demanded
by international comity. It was more than
all that; it was a fulfillment of our duty as a
civilized nation; it was upon the same principle
precisely as your light-house appropriations.
A light-house on a prominent and dangerous
spot to warn the mariner is no appropriation
for its locality. If you will spend hundreds
of thousands of dollars every year to warn
mariners, can you not spend $200,000 to save
them from destruction? We do not expect to
ask this sum regularly hereafter, but a small
appropriation will keep it up after this outlay;
for when you once put the new apparatus there
very little will be required. Can you not spend
$200,000, when I tell you that the very next
winter, unless it be different from what has
been the case every winter during my recol-
lection, there will be a hundred times the
amount lost in property, not to count human
life, that you are asked to appropriate. Bat it
is not property alone that is lost; it is life.
From the Ayrshire, which went ashore on
Squan beach, by this apparatus one hundred
and fifty people were saved", not one of whom
could possibly have been saved otherwise.
From another emigrant ship which went ashore
near Cape May, there were two hundred and
odd passengers, German emigrants, who walked
ashore and thanked God with full hearts for
the appropriations for life-boats which saved
their lives, under the brave management of the
surfmen and the blessing of God.
There are other gentlemen whose States
have large sea-boards. Some of them have
sought assistance in this way. I know they
will help me.in this. But there is no State in
this Union that has the same necessity. In
the first place, our coast is a most dangerous
lee-shore in the winter, in many prevailing
winds, for all vessels approaching that great
commercial mart, the city of New Y"ork. It
is to that State and that city a matter of
money. The underwriters assist in these life-
saving operations as a matter of pecuniary-
benefit. It is to us and our people nothing
but a matter of humanity.
Mr. President, the whole sea-coast of New
Jersey, from Cape May to Sandy Hook, is
about one hundred and ninety miles. The
whole area of the State is about eighty-three
hundred and twenty miles. The width of N#w
Jersey varies from forty to ninety-six miles.
Thus we have a sea-coast of from one hundred
and ninety to two hundred miles in length,
with a width across the State of only forty
miles in part. The whole length of the State
is only one hundred and sixty-seven miles, the
length of the coast by measuring indentations
being greater than that of the State.
I have called attention to what is done for
the western rivers. Such are their peculiar
necessities. I take it for granted their Sena-
tors understand them, and I have no doubt
they do right in procuring these appropria-
tions. I doubt not Congress does right in
giving them. But what I want to call to their
attention is that, in thus giving out the public
moneys for those things which it is considered
to be the duty of the General Government to
provide for, they must not neglect entirely the
interests of the small sea-board Slates, whea,
we are so freely giving to ihe western States
for their purposes and their peculiar neces-
sities.
I do not suppose any other State in I his Union
stands in the same position as New Jersey.
Ali ihe ships coming horn Europe, in approach-
ing the harbor of the great city of New York,
