1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
and represented in the frontispiece.) with about two
hundred passengers, was driven upon the shore by
the storm and lay there stranded, the sea beating
over her. and a surf so heavy rolling in a? made it
impossible for any boat to reach her. It happened
that one of the stations which we havedescribed was
near. The people on the shore assembled and brought
out the apparatus. They fired the shot, taking aim
so well that the line fell directly across the wreck.
It was caught by the crew on board, and the hawser
hauled off. The ear was then attached, and in a
short time every one of the two hundred passengers,
men, women, children, and even infants in their
mothers' arms, were brought safely through the
foaming surges and landed at the station. The ear
which performed this service was considered as fully
entitled to an honorable discharge from active duty."
Now, Mr. President, I send this picture up
t,o you and beg that you will look at it for the
Senate, and I will be very much obliged to
you if you will state to the Senate what you
think of it after you have seen it; for I know
well that your kind disposition and good judg-
ment will make you approve of this appropri-
ation. I know that it is easy to be liberal with
the people's money; but, sir, the people do
not ask economy where the character of our
country and the civilization of our nation is
the question.
Sir, I have nothing more to say on the sub-
ject. This is a matter which I have very much
at heart. Some Senators told me the last time
they voted for an appropriation of this kind,
■when moved by me, that they did it because
I was so deeply interested in it, was so dread-
fully in earnest, as they expressed it. For this
I am much indebted to them. I ought to know
as much as anybody about this matter, and as
I do, I will take the whole responsibility of it
on my own shoulders. If any man charges the
Committeeon Appropriations with being lavish
with the public money, if any man charges the
gentlemen on the other side, as a party, with
being lavish with the public money because of
this appropriation, or attempts to use it for
any purpose that will do anybody any harm,
you may make me the scape goat; I will take
the whole responsibility. I will not be driven
out to the wilderness with the sin on my head;
but I will stand before my people, the Legis-
lature of my State, the Senate of the United
States, the people of the whole nation, the
civilized world ; nay, sir, I will humbly thank
my God that he has enabled me to assist in
such a good work.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New Jersey
need not ask us to look at any picture after the
one that he has drawn himself of the horrors
of shipwreck on the coast of New Jersey. He
complains of the want of attention on the part
of Congress toward the interests of New Jersey
in the way of making appropriations for the
improvement of rivers and harbors. I may
remind the Senator that the General Govern-
ment has been exceedingly liberal to New
Jersey in the way of providing light-houses all
along her coast for nearly two hundred miles.
As soon as you strike the first land in New
Jersey as you sail up the coast you are in sight
of lights or signals for the protection of life
and the guidance of the mariner until you reach
the secure harbor of New York.
I am sorry to be obliged, after the extremely
earnest appeal of the Senator from New Jer-
sey, to ask that the rule be enforced against
this proposed amendment. I must do so. I
believe it is obnoxious both to the thirtieth
standing rule of the Senate and to the order
already adopted for this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this amendment is not obnoxious to the re-
strictive rule under which the Senate is acting.
Mr. COLE. It is a new subject of legisla-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but the Chair will state to the Senator from
California and to the Senate the reason why
he thinks this amendment comes within the
legiti mate construction of the rule. The amend-
ment is:
For the purpose of more effectually securing life
and property on the coast of New Jersey for the
fiscal year ending J une 80,1872, $200,000,
It is within the recollection of the Chair, as
well as of the Senate, that appropriations are
made in appropriation bills for the saving of
life on the dangerous coasts of the nation, as
at the entrance of the harbor of New York.
Such appropriations have been quite often
made, at various times, within the recollection
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations as well as of the Chair. If those
appropriations are not sufficient in the opin-
ion of the Senate, then it is certainly in order
for them on a deficiency appropriation bill to
increase them.
The Chair thinks the amendment is not pro-
hibited by the construction placed by the
Chair, and acquiesced in by the Senate, on the
restrictive rule under which the body is acting
at this session. If it is liable to objection
under the thirtieth standing rule of the Senate,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations will point out the clause of the rule to
which he alludes and the Chair will decide
upon it.
Mr. COLE. Theamendment does not come
from any standing or select committee of the
Senate and is not to carry out any existing
law.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator to an existing law.
Mr. COLE. That has been carried out.
This is not for the purpose of carrying out that
law. That has been fully carried out by pre-
vious legislation.
Mr. STOCKTON. Which law does the Sen-
ator refer to?
Mr. COLE. The one to which the Senator
from New Jersey referred in his remarks; I
do not remember the date of it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have examined the
question. The act of 1854 provides—
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to establish such additional sta-
tions on the coast of Long Island and New Jersey
for affording aid to shipwrecked vessels thereon, to
change the location of the existing stations, and to
make such repairs, and to furnish such apparatus
and supplies as may, in his judgment, be best adapted
to give effect to the objects of this act."
The act is entitled "An act for the better
preservation of life and property from ves-
sels shipwrecked on the coasts of the United
States." Appropriations were made before
that on appropriation bills.
Mr. COLE. What is the date of that law?
Mr. STOCKTON. Eighteen hundred and
fifty-four. I am perfectly willing to add to
the amendment "in pursuance of the law of
1854."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If a provision of
this kind had been in an appropriation bill
the law would have died with the expiration
of the fiscal year; but if it is a general bill
on this subject, then this is, in the opinion of
the Chair, carrying out the provisions of that
existing law. Whether it shall be carried out
in this way or not is a matter for the discre-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I send up the law to the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
examine it. [After an examination of the
statute-book.] This is a permanent law, the
Chair will state to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It is an act for
the better preservation of life and property
from vessels shipwrecked on the coasts of the
United States, and especially, as its language
shows, on the coasts of Long Island and New
Jersey. It is a permanent law. It is within
the discretion of the Senate, therefore, to carry ,
out the provisions of that law by making this
appropriation. That does not, of course, re-
quire the Senate to agree to this amendment.
They may think the amount is not the right
amount; but the amendment cannot be ruled
out under the thirtieth rule, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. COLE. Then it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, subject to
amendment or rejection by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It being in order, I have a very
few remarks to submit on the merits of the
proposition. It ought certainly to have had
the indorsement of some committee of this
body before being presented here. It has, as
it appears, been referred to the Committee on
Commerce of this body, and they have not
acted upon it. It is, if I remember the terms
of the amendment, general in its form, refer-
ring to any sort of means that may be resorted
to for the purpose of securing life in case of
shipwreck on the coast of New Jersey. Why
the coast of New Jersey, any more "than the
coast of North Carolina, or Virginia, or Dela-
ware, or anyone of the Atlantic States, or the
Pacific States, or the Gulf States?
This matter has had full consideration ; and
you will remember, Mr. President, that in the
bill which passed on the 3d of thjs month,
making appropriations for suudry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, there w.ere several
pages devoted to the subject of light houses
ana the protection of life upon the coasts of
the United States. There were more items
included under that than under any other head
in the bill. I cannot now enumerate them ;
but I perceived that there are five or six pages
of that bill filled up with small items in brief
words for these very purposes. This matter
was before the Committee on Appropriations
in all these various forms. These matters
were considered carefully ; and, strange to say,
nearly every recommendation that was made
by the Department was adopted by the com-
mittee and is in the bill; so that there has been
no disregard, no carelessness even, touching
the interests of those who may be so unfor-
tunate as to be shipwrecked at sea or for the
purpose of preventing shipwrecks along our
coast. Every conceivable device has been
adopted for the purpose of protecting the life
of the manner along our coast; not only light-
houses but signal stations of one sort and an-
other, alarm bells, and steam whistles, and all
the devices that have been invented have been
considered, and, so far as they were deemed
necessary for the protection of life, have been
adopted.
There is no coast of the United States better
lighted, or better provided with the means of
insuring safety to those who navigate the sea
along it, than the coastof New Jersey. There
is a light-house, and a very costly one, upon
every headland, upon almost every promon-
tory and every sand-bank along that coast. I
have been along that coast many a time by sea,
and it is a matter well known to every one who
has sailed along that coast that it is lighied so
that no person at night is out ofsightofalight
which can easily be distinguished from others ;
double lights and flash lights, and all sorts in
succession; so that the manner cannot be mis-
taken as to his position at any particular point
in his voyage along that coast.
But, notwithstanding ail these preparations,
it may be sometimes tbatshipwrecks take place
upon that coast. It is impossible for men to
control the winds; they are driven ashore, and
if it were as well and as numerously provided
with persons designated and located for the
purpose of the protection of life as is the beach
at Long Branch in the gay season, it would be
impossible to prevent these disasters; it would
be impossible, in all probability, to prevent
now and then the loss of life along that coast
where so many vessels sail.
Mr. President, this is a large appropriation
for this purpose. It is not, I know, a new one
for this particular purpose. The Senator says
that the apparatus now provided is becoming
worn, is decaying, is perhaps in some degree
out of date ; and he proposes to renew it and to
provide at this vast expense some new method
of saving life. It seems to me the proposition
upon which he has his mind, and which is set-
forth in the little book from which he called on
the Clerk to read, is not very practicable.
Mr. STOCKTON, Will the gentleman per-
