44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Hoiue.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
could achieve that end. And I say here, upon
my responsibility a%_a Senator, that irrespect-
ive of any negptiations or treaties with Do-
minica or with Hayti, for the cession or forthe
lease of any part of the territory of that island,
it is one of the solemn obligations resting upon
this Government to enforce peace between'
those distracted republics. They have preyed
upon each other long enough. It is our duty
in the name of humanity; and I say that inter-
national law willnot permit us to disregard the
commands of humanity in this respect. And,
Mr. President, I hope, and I say it here, that
before this debate closes these Senate resolu-
tions will give place to a joint resolution of the
two Houses of Congress authorizing the Pres-
ident to take any steps or employ any means
within his discretion deemed necessary and
proper to maintain the peace between those
republics, whether we purchase any portion
of them or not.
Mr. President, I know I have run through
these resolutions very hastily. I have replied
as briefly as I could, and too briefly, I fear,
to the principles which I understand to be
asserted in them. Now I wish to introduce to
the Senate these two republics, toward whom
the Senator from Massachusetts has under-
taken to detail what our actual conduct has
been and to define what our real duties are.
I desire to present to you first the Dominican
republic. It occupies a portion of this island
known as San Domingo, and has an area
about equal, I believe, to Massachusetts and
Connecticut, an area about, fifteen times that
of Rhode Island, and having a population
probably about the same as that of Ehode
Island; a population, one tenth of whom is
said to be white, while nine tenths are said
to be colored; nine tenths are either eman-
cipated slaves or the children of emanci-
pated slaves. They are a people without
commerce, without manufactures, without in-
dustry of any kind; with a rich soil and fine
climate; no schools; plenty of religion, such
as it is, but, according to our correspondents
who have recently visited that community, it
is a sort of religion which plays games on the
Sabbath day, and on the highways and streets
of the cities. That is poor material out of
which to make a State, and a very poor State
they have had there. I beg to recite a few of
the leading facts in the history of that republic.
It was a Spanish province until 1795. It
was in that year ceded to France. It was
restored to Spain in 1814. Dominica became
independent in 1821, and tumbled into the
arms of Hayti in 1822; was broiled on the
Haytian griddle until 1844, and then, under
the iead of Santana, the noblest Dominican I
believe that I have heard of yet, declared and
achieved her independence of Haytian suprem-
acy. That independence was first put under
the control of a governing junta in February,
1844. Santana, in July following, was made
the supreme chief. In November following
he was made president for eight years. In
1845 he was attacked by Hayti; in 1848 San-
tana resigned and Jimenes succeeded on the
8th of September. He was attacked by Sou-
louque in 1849. In September, 1849, Baez
was made president. He asked the interven-
tion of America, of England, and of France
to secure a truce with Hayti; obtained the
intervention of England and of France, and
so was enabled to continue president during a
whola presidential term offouryears. In 18-58,
on the 15th of February, Santana succeeded
him as president. In December, 1855, Santana
was attacked again by Hayti. In March 1856,
Santana resigned. He was succeeded by Vice
President Mota. Mota'resigned in November
1856, and was succeeded again by Baez. In July
1857, there was a general insurrection under
Santana. Baez capitulated in June, 1858. San-
tana ruled as supreme chief until January 18 9,
was assaulted by Hayti in that year, and the
country was annexed to Spain in 1861. Under
General Pimental, there was a revolt against
Spanish authority in 1863. Its independence
was acknowledged by Spain in January, 1865.
From January to December, 1865, there were
two governments in Dominica, one at Santo
Domingo and one at Santiago. Baez was made
President at Santo Domingo on the 8th of
December 1865. In June 1866, the triumvi-'
rate which governed at Santiago was reformed,
and revolted against the authority of Baez.
Baez was expelled, and Cabral made president
in September, 1860. During the whole of that
term the republic was the seat of confusion
and anarchy. In October 1867, a new revolt
broke out in the north. Cabral fled in January,
1868. The triumvirate resumed the supreme
control in February, 1868. Baez returned in
that month, was made president, and at the
last dates continued to be president of that
Republic.
Since 1844 Dominica has been independent
for about twenty years. During that term she
has had thirteen different executives, and she
has been almost constantly at war with Hayti,
and in every one of these wars Hayti has been
the aggressor, and not the Dominican republic.
And that is Dominica.
Now, Mr. President, let me introduce to you
Hayti. Going no further back in her history
than the date of the independence of Dominica,
we find that in 1842 Herrad Riviere was pres-
ident of Hayti. He was expelled by Gerrard,
and Gerrard wassucceeded by Piereau,who re-
tired in disgust and was succeeded by Kich6, who
died and gave place to Faustin Soulouque, all
between 1842 and 1847, five years. Soulouque
assumed the crown in 1849, was expelled by
Geffrard in 1858. Geffrard was made pres-
ident for life, was expelled by the constituent
assembly, and Sainave was elected for four
years in 1867. Sainave was assassinated and
Saget elected in 1869 ; and during all this time,
as I said before, Hayti has been almost con-
stantly at war with the Dominican republic.
Such are these two Powers; one is a mendi-
cant and the other is a bandit. That is the
fact about them. And now, what has the Presi-
dent of the United States done with reference
to these two Powers? He has attempted to
negotiate a treaty for annexation with one of
them, and pending that treaty to defend it
against the aggressions of the other. But the
idea of annexing San Domingo did not origin-
ate with President Grant. This Government
has been jumping almost to secure some pos-
session in the West Indies during many Admin-
istrations. The effort has been almost con-
stant, nay, quite constant since 1866. I could
recite authentically the different steps that have
been taken in that direction; 1 have here refer-
ences to each one of them from the files of the
State Department; but I will not occupy the
time of the Senate in reading them. The
Assistant Secretary of State himself, with an
admiral of our Navy, was sent down there
during the administration of Secretary Sew-
ard, went down there under instructions to
offer as high as $2,000,000 for a cession of
Samana alone.
Mr. President, I shall not attempt to defend
the Dominican treat.y. I have not a word to
say in this debate in support of the project
for annexing San Domingo. The time has not
come for discussing that question. But this I
say: if the President is criminal for negotiating
with San Domingo for annexation, all parties
to these other efforts made in the same direc-
tion have been criminal also, and I believe the
Senator from Massachusetts will not deny that
be has been cognizant of every one of those
efforts and of every individual step that has
been taken in every one of them.
The President has negotiated this treaty and
submitted it to the Senate of the United States
for its ratification ; and while that treaty was
pending he has said to Hayti, "You must keep
your felon hands off from your neighboring
republic." That is the extent of his offend-
ing. He has secured for the United States the
refusal of a territory which, whether desirable
or not, we had long been eager to possess.
He has, for a brief period, given peace to
Dominica, and possibly has been the means
of preserving the people of the "black re.
public" from the miseries of another war upon
their colored brethren. In doing this he has
sacrificed no life nor destroyed any man's
property.
In my judgment, it was the duty of the Pres-
ident to defend our iuterests under the treaty
while the treaty was under consideration
before the Senate. But if there had been no
treaty negotiated, and no national interest of
ours to protect, I do not for my life under-
stand how any one who hates war and who
loves the colored race, as the Senator from
Massachusetts professes to do, can find it in
his heart to denounce a President for the sim-
ple act of saving two nations of colored peo-
ple, poor and wretched as the Dominicans
and Haytians are, from the horrors of fratri-
cidal war, when the sole means employed is
a letter from a subordinate, possibly not quite
courteous in its terms, but the terms of which
were not dictated by the President and prob-
ably never seen by him. "Blessed are the
peace-makers" is the beautiful injunction
which comes to us from that wonderful Ser-
mon on the Mount. But the Senator from
Massachusetts yesterday thought fit to de-
nounce the President for preserving peace
between two colored communities in words
which I regiet to reproduce. He said:
"Now, sir, as I desire the suppression of the Ku
Klux, wherever it shows itself, and as I seek the
elevation of the African race, I insist that the pres-
idential scheme, which installs a new form of Ku
Klux on the coastsof St.Domingo, and Which at the
same time insults the African race, represented in
the Black Republic, shall be arrested. I speak now
against that Ku Klux on the coast of St. Domingo
of which the President is the head, and I speak also
forthe African race which the President has trampled
down. Is there any Senator in earnest against the
KuKlux? Let him arrest it on the coasts of St.
Domingo."
There the President of the United States is
arraigned for all the guilt we know to rest upon
the heads and the souls of those felons who
are engaged in murder and in every form of
violence within our own country. The Presi-
dent, who has taken no life, who has destroyed
no property, who has injured no man in person
or in property, is held up to the country and
to the world as thehead of a Ku Klux organ-
ization! Has "judgment fled to brutish
beasts and have " men lost their reason 1"
And here, sir, I leave the defense of the
President. I might have left him with none.
Bat I would like now to place the Senator
from Massachusetts at the bar. I would like
to know what defense is to be made for him.
Sir, is there any crime which can be or has
been charged against the President of the
United States in the guilt of which the Sen-
ator himself is not involved as much as the
President is ? What one of these acts was
committed by the President that was not
known and has not been known for months by
the Senator from Massachusetts ? Has he not
known for years of the efforts to acquire pos-
session of San Domingo? Was not this very
treaty known to him more-than a year ago?
Did he not know that in the treaty there was
a stipulation that while it was under consid-
eration this Government had undertaken to
guaranty the safety of the Dominican people,
the integrity of the Dominican territory ? Did
not the Senator know it all? Has he not suf-
fered two sessions of Congress to expire with-
