282
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
mil me lo explain a matter on which h<i is
wrong, f think unintentionally?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish to call the Sen-
ator's attention to my instructions. It is recited
in the preamble to ilie resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey that—
"N. Broughton Devereux, chief of the revenue
marine, in his report of December, 1870, to the hon-
orable the Secretary of the Treasury, recommended
additional appropriation to the life-saving stations,
for the protection of lifeand property upon tbe*Nevv
Jersey coast, and that Ilenry W. Sawyer, superin-
tendent of the stations, and the commissioners of
pilotage, have recommended additional stations, with
crews at each station, and improved surf-boats, for
the reason that the present boats are unsafe and
■worn out."
These are Government officers who have
made this recommendation. This Mr. Saw-
yer is an officer paid by you and appointed by
you to superintend these stations. There is an
appropriation in your bills every year for a
number of stations there and for a superin-
tendent over them. These men are Govern-
ment officers appointed by the Government,
who have nothing to do with our State. Our
own State only recommends that you pay at-
tention to the reports of your own officers.
Mr. COLE. The report of that subordinate
officer in the Treasury Department is based on
some resolutions of the New Jersey Legisla-
ture, which I suppose originated in the brain
of some member of that body who, without
any objection of course, could get such a reso-
lution through that body. The proposition
that is embodied in the small book to which I
was alluding is that some new sort of appa-
ratus, adapted to a meth id of throwing a cable
out from the land to a wrecked ship by fire-
arms, shall be adopted. The impracticability
of anything of that sort seems to me too obvi-
ous for any one to consider it for a moment.
If a cable can be got on shore from the ship,
of course the passengers can come ashore, as
they often do in case of shipwreck ; but that
life may be lost in a time of heavy storm, in a
time of a tornado perhaps on that coast, is a
thing that will never be prevented by all the
devices that can be adopted by the ingenuity
of mankind. t
Now, as so much preparation has been made
by the Government, so much munificence dis-
played for the purpose ot lighting up this coast,
for the purpose of rendering it secure for the
mariner to traverse it, I think the Senate should
let this proposition go over until it can receive
some better indorsement than that*of the New
Jersey Legislature and a subordinate officer in
the Treasury Department.
Mt\ President, I do not know where we shall
end if we adopt propositions of this sort upon
this flimsy representation. We are appropri-
ating here as it we had a full Treasury, as if
there were no limit to our means, as if we were
rich and out of debt. Senators seem to for-
get the immense amount of burden now upon
the people and the numerous complaints that
the people are justly making at the burdens
that Congress imposes upon them from time
to time. This is not one of those things that
are really necessary. This is a thing that is
outside the regular appropriations and the reg-
ular estimates. It springs up here at last upon
this little deficiency bill; and to adopt so im-
portant a proposition as this on such a bill and
at such a time would be unprecedented. I
move, therefore, that the amendment lie on the
table.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope not. I
trust I shall have an opportunity of expressing
the views of the Slate I represent before that
motion is pressed.
Mr. COLE. I supposed they had been very
well expressed and I knew they had been very
ably expressed by the Senator's colleague,
[Mr. Stockto.v;] but of course I will not cut
off the remarks of the Senator from New Jer-
sey at my right, [Mr. Fbhuxuhui sun.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I confess, Mr.
President, that I admire the pertinacity with
which the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations guards the public Treasury;
but I submit to him that he is pressing that
duty beyond what the people require of him.
The people of this country are in favor of
economy, but they are not in favor of economy
at. a sacrifice of vastly more property than that
which is saved, and at a sacrifice of human
life.
This is not a question of dollars, as my col-
league has very properly said; it is a question
of civilization, of Christianity, of humanity.
If my friend from California could realize one
of the heart-rending scenes which- take place
on that coast, and which necessarily will take
place within the next twelve months on that
coast repeatedly, he would withhold his oppo-
sition to this most reasonable appropriation.
Mr. President, it is said that New Jersey
has received large appropriations. I do not
believe she has ever received $50,000 from the
Union, while she contributes as much as any
State in the Union according to her popula-
tion. The light-bouses are not for the benefit
of New Jersey. Neither is this appropriation
for the benefit of New Jersey; it is for all who
traverse the sea. It is said that this appro-
priation has not been referred to any com-
mittee. That is true. It was introduced into
the Senate within the past week, and the com-
mittee have not had time to report upon it;
but it has been recommended by the chief of
the revenue marine ; it has been investigated
by the Legislature of New Jersey, and com-
mends itself not only to the people of that
State but of New York, and I am glad to see
that the press of New York are calling the
attention of the Senate to the very appropri-
ation which is sought in order that human life
may be saved.
I understand that the plan which has been
used is by the use of the mortar and gun-
powder by shooting the line across the boat.
The Senator from California speaks as if my
colleague had introduced some new plan of
saving life. Why, sir, the plan adopted, if the
chairman had informed himself, is this : along
a coast of about one hundred and fifty miles
every seven miles there is a station-house with
a keeper and with a crew of six men, and with
a mortar and powder and lines. There are
twenty-eight of such station-houses along that
whole coast and one superintendent overthem
all. It is necessary that these crews should
be drilled and disciplined and that their ap-
paratus should be in good order; and we are
now informed by the chief of the revenue
marine, we are informed by the Legislature
ot' New Jersey sending a respectful message
to the Congress of the United States, that
the apparatus is worn out, and that human life
is to be subjected to all the perils of that
unfriendly coast; and there is hesitation
about it.
I submit, Mr. President, that the people of
this country do not want economy at so dear
a rate. If this amendment has not had the
indorsement of the proper committee because
of the brevity of the time, it has had the in-
dorsement of those who know vastly more
about it than that committee could know—the
Legislature in both its branches and the officer
of this Government at the head of this service.
I trust that this appropriation may be made.
Mr. THUBMAN, I have but a word to
say on this matter. There are two points ott
the American coast where more shipwrecks
have taken place than upon all the rest of the
coast put together. Those points are the New
Jersey shore which has been spoken of, and
the shore of Hatteras. And 1 say that it is
tue duty of this Government to do everything
in its power to avoid these shipwrecks, or, if
they must occur, to preserve the lives and the
property that are involved in them ; and I
cannot conceive for. one moment upon what
principle we can expend money to baild light-
houses and provide life-boats, that does not
equally apply to any means suitable to ac-
complish the end we desire: the preservation
of life and of property. The very same right
that we have lo expend mont-y to build a li<^ht-
house we have to adopt any other adequate
or even ad visible means for the same purpose.
If we have spent a great deal of monev in
erecting light-bouses on the New Jersey shore,
that does not excuse us from doing whatever
else is necessary and within the reasonable
power of the Government to prevent the loss
of life, and the loss of property that every year
take place there. It is not specially a benefit
to New Jersey alone ; it is a benefit to every-
body who has occasion to navigate along that
shore. It is a much greater benefit to the
people of New York, to the immigrants com-
ing to this country from abroad, than to the
people of New Jersey. I think this is about
as modest a request as any that has ever been
preferred by a State, and I hope the Senate
will adopt the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Ohio has
said substantially very nearly what I would
have said if he had not already spoken. I
wish, however, to add a word or two to what
that Senator has so well said.
It is known to everybody that two thirds, I
think, and perhaps a greater portion of our
revenues, are collected in New York; conse-
quently everybody knows that the vessels upon
which the importations are made must rWes-
sarily come to the port where the duties are
paid. There is more tonnage, there is more
navigation passing along the New Jersey coast
than any other part of all our coasts, as much,
perhaps, as navigate all the rest of it; and that
is a conclusive answer to the question which
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations put when he asked, why should you not
establish life stations at other points? Well,
sir, whenever and wherever you can find the
point by which so much navigation passes
annually, with a coast so rugged, so forbidding
as is that upon which our vessels come in the
inhospitable days of winter, then I would say
these life-stations should be established there.
This question is as familiar to me as my
alphabet. It wastheold policy of the Govern-
ment annually to make these appropriations.
Why they have been omitted I caunot say.
Certainly you may as \ ell omit your appropri-
ations to keep your light houses running if you
do not carry out that which is as properly con-
nected with them.
One thing more I wish to say. This is a
question in which New Jersey, except so far
as the consideration of humanity is concerned,
has not half as much interest as the State which
I have the honor in part to represent. Why,
sir, the locality happens to be on the shores of
New Jersey, but it is.no appropriation to New
Jersey, although I thank that State for inviting
the attention of Congress to the discharge of
its moral obligations. It is a question which
interests eveiy man, woman, and child who
has interest in the commerce and the naviga-
tion belonging to us that floats upon the ocean.
It is a question that interests everybody in
the community who would do that which can
be properly done to rescue the lives of those
who are in peril by the storms of the sea.
And let rae tell the Senator from California
that if he shall ever be upon a vessel and hear
the dread cry of " Breakers!'" upon a lee-shore,
and doing still his duty only, he will not come
into this Senate and say that from motives of
humanity, duty to all the broad land, such a
little, paltry appropriation as this should not
be pat upon this lull.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec.—. That there be. and is hereby, appropriated
for increased compensation to assistant marshals in
