1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
out attempting to redress it, without mating,
so far as 1 know, a protest against it? Three
different witnesses have narrated 
Mr. SUMNER. I have protested against it
constantly. •
Mr. HOWE. I hear the Senator say he has
protested against it constantly. He has been
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions up to a very recent, period. As chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations was
it not his duty to have instituted at once some
legislation which would have tended to correct
this abuse, if it were an abuse, to end this guilt,
if there were guilt in it.? Has he attempted
the thing at any time? He says he has remon-
strated against it. I never heard of that re-
monstrance. Was it addressed to the Presi-
dent? Was it addressed to the Secretary of
State? As I was about to say, the Senator
himself detailed on this floor not long since an
interview between himself and the President,
had a year ago last fall, when the President
submitted this treaty to him.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. The President spoke to me about
two treaties that he had made; but he sub-
mitted none to me, and the main point which
he submitted was about the payment of the
money.
As to my protest as chairman of the com-
mittee, the Senator knows very well that I
reported against the treaty ; the Senator knows
that I spoke against it; and one special ground
of my argument against it, if I may allude to
what I said myself in executive session, was
the very point to which the Senator now refers.
I called attention to the fact that we were
maintaining the usurper Baez in power by our
guns, and my whole moral nature was roused
in reprobation of the act. Twice, if not three
times, I spoke in that sense.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, that the Sen-
ator opposed the treaty, of course 1 cannot
dispute. Opposing the treaty is one thing;
preventing the continuance of this crime is a
different thing. The treaty was pending in
the Senate .for a long time. It seems to me
to have been the bounden duty of the Senator,
if he regarded this as an offense against our
Constitution, or as an offense against the laws
of nations, to have preceded his opposition to
the treaty with an attempt at least to correct
by legislation this offense.
Sir, the President of the United States is not
very familiar with international law, unless the
newspapers are greatly in fault, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts knows it all, unless
the newspapers are equally at fault. If he
saw this mistake committed, he ought to have
pointed it out and he ought to have attempted
its correction. The Senator says 
Mr. SUMNER. I pointed it out to the
Secretary of State again and again.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says that when
the President called on him with regard to this
treaty he did not submit the treaty. That is
very likely to have been so; but I think the
Senator will not deny that the next day the
treaty was submitted to him by another man,
and that he knew what was in the treaty then.
Mr. SUMNER. But I did not know the
conduct of our Navy, of our ships. I had not
the most remote idea of it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says he had not
the slightest knowledge of the conduct of our
Navy ; but lie saw what the President had
agreed to do, and I should have thought as
vigilant a statesman as we all know the Sen-
ator is, as keenly alive to our international
responsibilities, would have been put on his
guard by this stipulation, and that he would
haveinterested himself to know what the Navy
was doing in pursuance of it. Nay, Mr. Presi-
dent, he did interest himself about a year after-
ward. In December last he called for informa-
tion upon that point, and he got it on the 10th
of January.
Mr. SUMNER. But I called for informa-
tion in executive session here; I think in the
month of May, just as soon as I got wind of it.
Mr. HOWE. He called for it in open ses-
sion in December last, and on the 10th of Janu-
ary he got it; but he allowed that whole session
to elapse without any attempt to correct this
violation of international law and this abuse
of our own Constitution.
Mr. President, it is utterly impossible for any
guilt to he fastened upon the President of the
United States in this behalf that does not rest
equally upon the shoulders of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and, I may add, upon each one
of us. It was the duty of us all to put an end
to that crime, if there was crime in it; but
there was no crime in it; and if there is no
crime in it, what is the attitude of the Senator
from Massachusetts? He stands before the
world impeaching the conduct of his own Gov-
ernment, charging upon it crimes of which it
is guiltless. Which is the heavier offense? Is
it possible for the President, in the exercise
of his utmost malice, to inflict a greater wrong
against those buccaneers in Hayti by any em-
ployment of force, even, thathe may see fit to
use, than the Senator from Massachusetts can
inflict upon this great Government when he
stands here to impeach it before the world of
high crimes against the public law, but of
which it is guiltless? Is it worse to make
Hayti keep the peace than it is to slander the
Government of the United States ?
Mr. President, I dislike to read anything on
the subject of international law in a presence
like this. Nevertheless, I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Massachusetts
and of the Senate to a slight suggestion of
duty which Mr. Vattel urges upon all of us.
Vattel says that—
" All the majesty of the nation resides in the per-
son of the prince."
That is not true here ; but it does reside in
the Government.
" What, then, must become of it if he prostitutes
it, or suffers it to be prostituted by those who speak
and act m his name? The minister who puts into
his master's mouth a language unworthy of him
deserves to be turned out of oiliee with every mark
of ignominy."
But does the minister who puts into the
mouth of his prince language unworthy of him
deserve heavier reprobation or rebuke than the
Senator who ascribes to his Government crim-
inal conduct of which it is not guilty ? Even
now there is no attempt to correct this abuse.
The Senator does not propose any legislation.
He has laid upon your table some resolutions,
resolutions of the Senate, which will have no
force, will oblige no one, even when they are
passed. No bill, no act is proposed; not even
the concurrence of the two Houses is asked to
the doctrines which are contained in these res-
olutions, a mere expression of opinion, and
nothing else, and that is attempted at this
time of all others known in our history.
If we could ever spend time merely to debate
abstract questions like those which are contained
in these resolutions, it seems to me tbatit is not
allowable to occupy the time of the Senate in
such a discussion at this particular juncture—
a discussion which aims only at the exposure of
an abuse and not at the correction of it, which
proposes only the condemnation of a President,
but not the redress of-a wroug. Surely this
time is not appropriate to such a display. This
session is, by the deliberate resolution of the
body, devoted to other and higher purposes
than that of scolding, and this time is espe-
cially due to more solemn concerns. Even
while the Senator yesterday hurled his philip-
pic against the President murder and rapine
stalked abroad unabashed and unrebuked.
Our own fellow-citizens cry out to us for
protection against the direst cruelties. The
President asks for the authority of law to fur-
nish that protection. Upon this sacred duty
the Senator turns his back; to this pitiful
cry the Senator lends an uulistening ear. He
rudely thrusts his own bleeding countrymen
from the threshold of the Capitol, while he
stuffs your journals with aimless resolutions
and fills the Chamber with idle declamations—
against whom? Against his own Government.
And for what? Because it is not, in his judg- '
ment, sufficiently respectful to the perfidious
Cabral or to the butcher Saget. That is all.
And why, sir, has the Senator done this at this
time? Why has he forced this debate in upon
the Senate, proposing no remedy, no correc-
tion anywhere ? What possible excuse can be
urged for taking up the time of the Senate at
this juncture with such a discussion ? I will
not a;,tempt to explain the motive. The Sen-
ator knows what it is, and can give it to the
world whenever he chooses to do so.
But I think the Senator has done other
wrongs than these. I think he has done
violence to the body of international law him-
self. I think lie has attempted to paralyze
the legitimate action of the Government.. He
declaims against the intervention of this Gov-
ernment, acting in pursuance of a treaty, nego-
tiated but not ratified: attempting nothing
more, as we have seen, than the protection of
the territory for the cession of which we had
made an incomplete bargain. I admit the gen-
eral truth asserted by the Senator, that non-
intervention is ordinarily the rule of national
conduct; that intervention is the exception;
but then it is an exception often witnessed in
the history of Governments.
Natious, like men, have come to know that it
is not enough for them to be good, but they
must, to the extent of their opportunity and
their ability, in the exercise of a wise discretion,
do good also. The instances of such interven-
tion are numerous, some upon one ground
and some upon another. I shall call attention
to but few of these instances. I will barely
remind the Senate, however, that GreatBritain
did interfere in the internal affairs of Portugal
in 1826, and interfered between two rival claim-
ants to the crown ; that GreatBritain, France,
and Russia interfered and gave independence
to Greece against the Ottoman empire in 1827 ;
that the five Powers did interfere in behalf of
the independence of Holland in 1830 ; and that
Great Britain and Prussia and Russia did in-
terfere to protect the integrity of the Ottoman
empire against further dismemberment m 1840.
And I will barely call the attention of the Sen-
ate to one case of interference in the history
of our own Government. When Spain was
trying to enforce her authority over her South
American colonies, and when we numbered a
population of ten millions instead of forty mil-
lions, and when Mr. Monroe was President
of the United States instead of General Grant,
and when there was danger or thought to be
danger that other Powers on the continent of
Europe were about to intervene to assist Spain
in the resubjugation of her colonies, Mr. Mon-
roe use,-l this language, in addressing the Con-
gress of the United States:
"The late events in Spain and Portugal showthat
Europe is still unsettled. Of this important fact no
stronger proof can be adduced than that the allied
Powers should have thought it proper, on any prin-
ciple satisfactory to themselves, to have interposed
by force in the internal concerns of Spam, lo what
extent such interposition may be carried, on the
same principle, is a question in which all independ-
ent Powers whose Governments differ from theirs
are interested, even those most remote, and surely
none more so than the United States. Our policy in
regard to Europe, which was adopted at an early
stage of the wars which have so long agitated that
quarter ot the globe, nevertheless remains the sumo;
which is, not to interfere in the internal concerns of
any of its Powers, to consider the Government de
facto as the legitimate Government tor us, to culti-
vate friendly relations with it, and to preserve those
