46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
relations by a frank, firm, and manly policy, meet-
ins in all instances thfe just claims of every Power,
submitting to injuries from none. But in regard to
those continents cirSumstanees are eminently and
conspicuously ditferent. It is impossible that the
allied Powers should extend their political system
to any portion of either continent without endan-
cering our peace and happiness, nor can any one
believe that our southern brethren, if left to them-
selves, would adopt it of their own accord. It is
equally impossible, therefore, that we should behold
such interposition, in any form, with indifference."
That was the language of a President of
ten millions of people, distinctly notifying all
the Powers on the continent of Europe that
they could not be allowed to intervene on
behalf of Spain, even in resubjugating her
American colonies. But had not, in the lan-
guage of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz,] any one of those Powers a right to
declare war against any one of those South
American colonies ? And what concern was
it of ours? Have we not as much right to
intervene to-day for the peace of Dominica as
we had to intervene against the Powers of
Europe and for the peace of the Spanish col-
onies in South America?
Mr. President, I submit that the Senator
from Massachusetts has, in the face of the
world, accused the President of the United
States of crimes of which he is guiltless, of
crimes which, if they existed, involve the Sen-
ator himself in equal if not in greater guilt;
that he has done this not with the view of
redressing wrong, but for the purpose of de-
stroying character, the character of the Pres-
ident of the United States ; that to do this he
has excluded from the consideration of the
Senate the needs of the most wretched and
helpless of his own countrymen ; that he has
denied one of the plainest mandates of inter-
national law ; that he has abjured one of the
holiest duties of national existence; and not
this alone. I should be wanting in the dis-
charge of my duty if I did not remind hira
and those with whom lie acts, whether from
Massachusetts or from Missouri, that, wit-
tingly or unwittingly, heedlessly or design-
edly, he is striking at the life of the Repub-
lican party.
If that statement needs any corroboration,
it might have been found yesterday in the
radiant countenances which beamed upon us
from the other side of the Chamber. If any
corroboration of that statement be needed, it
may be found this morning in the columns of
the Democratic press wherever you take it up.
I know that this crime will readily be pardoned
by our Democratic friends, and by all others
who think that the Republican party has com-
pleted its mission and that it is time for it to
die. I do not belong to that number. I do
not believe the time has come for the Repub-
lican party to die. I know that slavery is dead,
but iniquity is not ended. The rebellion is
crushed, but peace is a stranger to a large
portion of our country. The ballot is put into
the hands of all men ; but all men are not fitted
for the ballot.
Until the public debt is placed beyond the
danger of repudiation, until order shall be
restored where anarchy now prevails, until
the freedman shall be taught what, to do with
freedom, until the light of intelligence shall
pervade wherever tVe clouds of ignorance now
prevail, the Republican party cannot be mus-
tered out of the service of this country. These
are sacred duties, which only the Republican
party can discharge. If the Democratic party
is not indifferent to them, it is at least unequal
to them. I am, therefore, for upholding, and
not for destroying, the Republican party, and
I cannot deem him a true friend of his coun-
try or of his race who would destroy it. But
if there be here any one of all our Republican
associates who has toiled with us through the
agony of the last decade, hut who, weary of
the arduous service, thinks now he can render
his country better service in some other polit-
ical organization, and who.has therefore per-
suaded himself that it is time for the Repub-
lican party to die, all I ask of him is that he
will take off its colors, take his position in line
with the common enemy, and strike like a man.
For eighteen hundred years all Christians have
shuddered over the hideous guilt of those who
put to death the Saviour of the world, but all
men of all faiths, Christian or Pagan, Jew or
Gentile, have agreed that by far the guiltiest
of those who went out against the Captain of
our salvation was not any one of those noisy
bigots who went out with swords and staves
clamoring for His life, but it was that sneak-
ing hypocrite who went out in the guise of a
disciple, who hailed his victim by the endear-
ing title of master, and who betrayed Him with
a kiss.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON, M. C. KERR,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
March 28, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. KERR said:
Mr. Speaker: In the discussion of the great
questions involved in this proposition 1 must
necessarily be brief, and hasten on to some
consideration of its details. First, then, I
will reply to two or three of the points sug-
gested by the gentleman who has just spoken,
[Mr. Shallabargeb.] Some of his assump-
tions of law, in my judgment, are quite as
extraordinary in their character as are the
provisions of this bill, and they are to me,
with my ideas of constitutional law, quite as
untenable and unjust. It was assumed by
that learned gentleman in the outset of his
remarks that there should be applied by us
in the construction of this bill a rule of the
utmost liberality ; why, he has not informed
us. This is a criminal law in most of its pur-
poses. It should therefore be strictly con-
strued. It is against the rights of the States
of this Union. It should therefore be strictly
construed. It is against personal liberty as
guarded by the States of this Union. It should
therefore be strictly construed. Upon every
principle of constitutional construction, I say
its novel, remarkable, and alarming pro-
visions should be most strictly and rigidly
scrutinized. Nothing should be assumed, but,
gentlemen should approach the consideration
of this bill under the solemn oaths which we
have all taken, with a determination that its
every section, line, and purpose should find
clear warrant in the Constitution itself.
Another point suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] by way of
apology for the strange and startling nature
of some of the propositions in this bill is, that
the States of this Union have been held by the
Supreme Court of the United States to have
power to punish counterfeiting of the coin of
the United States, and that Congress possesses
the same power, but that it is not expressly
given to either, but is derived by-both from
implication and construction And then, with
an air of triumph, he inquires, " Where does
either obtain that power in terms any more
clear than that which authorizes this bill?'' I
am no more surprised at that inquiry, coming
from the learned gentleman, than I am that
he could at all conceive and pen such pro-
visions as are contained in this measure. In
their chief features they are pioneers, and have
no precedents in our country, except in actual
and fierce war. Many of them even there find
no parallel. They strike to the very heart of
free institutions and self-government. But I
answer his question by reading from the Con-
stitution itself. I may ask, why it is that be,
with his conceded professional standing and
learning, should have overlooked this import-
ant constitutional warrant? Article one, sec-
tion eight, clauses five and six, says:
" Congress shall have power to coin money, regu-
late the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix
thastandard of weights and measures; to provide
for the punishment ot counterfeiting the securities
and current coin of the United States."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Does the gentle-
man want an answer now?
Mr. KERR. I will yield to the gentleman
for an answer now, but for an answer only.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. What I said in
regard to that clause was that there was no-
where in the clause a provision authorizing the
United States to punish the uttering, and yet
by implication the United States have been
held to be able to define and punish the utter-
ing as well as the counterfeiting.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman undertakes to
modify his statement by narrowing very much
his declaration. His own language stands and
will answer for the truth of what I have said.
And now I say to him, upon his amended
declaration of his position, that the power in
Congress to punish any crimes against the
coin of the United States is express in the
Constitution, and is so held by courts and com-
mentators. It is not derived from implica-
tion; but it is an inquiry no way important
here, because his assumptions touching this
bill derive no support from it.
But the gentleman stated also that there are
but three provisions in the Constitution of the
United States which refer to the personal rights
of the citizens of this country; and he named
thos6
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
is again mistaken, though I know he does not
intend to misquote me. What I said was—and
I repeated it twice as clearly as I could—that
there were but three provisions where the Con-
stitution of the United States, as between the
States and persons in the States, protects the
rights of persons.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I may have mis-
understood my colleague's language, but I
think I did not. I ask the attention of every
gentleman on this floor to the first eleven
amendments of the Constitution of the United
States, and I say that in them, as against the
United States and the States and all the world,
the Constitution guaranties to the people cer-
tain great personal rights. It is true these
amendments are limitations on the powers of
Congress as against the States; but yet they
are fundamental guarantees to the people.
Read those amendments. I may as well refer
here to the case reported in 5 Howard, ef
Fox vs. The State of Ohio, referred to by my
colleague. The decision there does not say
that a State of this Union can by implication
punish counterfeiting of the coin of the United
States, but only that it may punish the passing
or circulation of that coin.
In that decision the court expressly recog-
nize the true doctrine of the division of power
between the Federal and the State govern-
ments, which concedes to all the Stales the
exclusive regulation and control of all their
domestic and police affairs in their own way,
according (,o their own judgment,, under their
own constitutions ancl laws. The protection
of their own citizens, of public morals in the
respective States, of all the rights of person
and property, of all the domestic relations,
belongs to the States alone. All that vast
residuum, of power not granted to the United
States, which embraces every elementof local
self-government, whether civil or criminal,
