1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
mailing appropriations for light house pur-
poses. I ask the Senator from Virginia if it
has the indorsement of the head of any Depart-
ment. It has not the indorsement of any com-
mittee, I am quite certain. I remember the
statement about four railroads terminating at
Aquia creek.
Mr. JOHNSTON. No, sir ; not at Aquia
creek, but at this point.
Mr. COLE. At Shipping Point, and I
thought it was near Aquia creek. I hardly
think it would be proper to adopt it on this
bill without further consideration. It can very
well go over to the next session, when we can
have full and ample testimony and light on the
subject. We are more in need of light on the
subject than the railroad companies are in need
of a light for navigation there.
Mr. ^JOHNSTON. We want the light on
the river, too.
The VIC1£ PRESIDENT. Isanypointof
order made on this amendment by the Senator
from California?
Mr. COLE. I raise the point that it has
not been reported by a committee, nor has it
received the indorsement of the head of any
Department. I inquired of some one connected
with the Light-House Board in regard to it, and
did not get very satisfactory information.
Mr. JOHNSTON. There is the letter of
Commodore Shubrick, which has just been
read.
Mr. COLE. That was addressed to a com-
mittee of the House some time ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter of
Admiral Shubrick is not a letter from the head
of a Department in the language of the Con-
stitution, which states that the President " may
require the .opinion in writing of the principal
officer in each of the Executive Departments
upon any subject relating to the duties of their
respective offices;" and the rule says that there
shall be an estimate from the "head of some
of the Departments." That must mean the
principal officer of the Department, which in
this case is the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSTON. If it is necessary for me
to a,<k unanimous consent to offer the amend-
ment, I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is necessary.
The Senator from Virginia asks unanimous
consent for the reception of this amendment.
Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. I think I must object to that.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I beg the Senator not
to object to it. There is great necessity for it.
Mr. COLE. The railroads are not built yet.
There may be a time when they will be built
and when the appropriation will be neces-
sary.
-Mr. JOHNSTON. Will the Senator allow
me to explain it ?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The railroad from Rich-
mond, via Fredericskburg, terminates now at
Aquia creek ; but as that place is filled up so
as to make it unfit for a landing, the road is
now in process of construction, and will be
completed in a month or so to this particular
point. A railroad is now being constructed
from Alexandria to the same point, which is
also expected to be completed during thecom-
ing season. One of those roads will be finished
within a month, and the other during the com-
ing summer or fail. A third one is projected
from Manassas to the same point, and a fourth
on the Maryland side across there. Two of
these roads will soon be completed, and the
others are projected.
Mr. MOliRlLL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Virginia whether this light
is for the benefit of the engines that are to go
on these railroads or for the shipping on the
Potomac? [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSTON. It is proposed to estab-
lish at Shipping Point a landing poin t for ships
and boats to land.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California insist on his objection
to the reception of the amendment or will he
allow it to be submitted to the Senate?
Mr. COLE. I will submit it to a vote of the
Senate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer the following
amendment:
For payment of S. R. Harlow, late marshal of the
southern district of New York, for expenses incurred
in arresting one Mott in San Francisco for violation
of the revenue law in said district, $550, or so much
thereof as may bo due.
I have no such personal knowledge of the
facts as warrants me in offering this amend-
ment. I have in my hand, however, a letter
from the Attorney General in regard to it;
and I think the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, the Senator from Califor-
nia, knows personally more about it than I
do. I understand this is the case of the arrest
of an offender under such circumstances, with-
out going into particulars, that the existing
law does not enable the Attorney General or
anybody else.to audit the account. The pur-
pose of the amendment is to give him power
to audit the account and to pay a sum not
exceeding $550 as the reimbursement of the
expense incurred in the apprehension of this
man.
Mr. COLE. I have no definite knowledge
on the subject. The matter was brought to
my notice, and I was requested to call the
attention of the Senator from New York to it,
and I presume his attention has been directed
to it. I suppose, from the letter of the Attor-
ney General, which I read, it is an amount
that will have to be paid at some time, and he
says the relief will have to be afforded by some
action of Congress, and I suppose for that
reason it has been referred to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment:
Establishing the salary of the consul at Mata-
moras, Mexico, at $2,000 per annum, for the fiscal
year ending June 30.1871, and thereafter.
I will state that this is in accordance with
the wishes of the State Department, and it
meets the approval of the Committee on Com
merce; and I will ask that a letter be read
from the State Department on the subject.
Mr. COLE. 1 did not hear the first part of
the amendment. I ask the Clerk to be good
enough to read it again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. COLE. That is contrary to the rule
already adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California makes the point of order upon this
amendment under the rule adopted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Then I ask unani-
mous consent to offer it. It is a very important
matter, and, although a very small appropri-
ation, it is in accordance with the wishes of the
State Department. It is for services which
cannot properly he rendered for less money.
Mr. PATTERSON. Is the salary §1,500
now ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No, sir; $1,000. This
increase is asked in consequence of the fact of
that location being in what is called the " Free
Zone," where a large amount of goods is im-
ported, and theme easily passed into the Uni-
ted States without the payment of duties, and
a man of more than ordinary ability and ordin-
ary skill and activity is needed there.
Mr. COLE. Where the salary of a consul
does not exceed $1,000—and I am told bv the
Senator that the salary of this office is §1.000—
the consul is entitled to fees, which, as a gen-
eral rule, it is presumed, will make up a reason-
able salary for him. If there is this business
there I piesume the fees must add somewhat
to his salary of $1,000 and run it up to some-
thing near a reasonable figure: while if it is
pat at $2,000 there can be no fees.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to give
him more than he now receives. The consul
at Matamoras is not half paid. Mr. Wilson
has gone down there. I know him well. JEle
used to be in Canada. He was one of our
principal men in Canada in the service of the
Government, and he ought to have the salary
that is now proposed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state also that,
if my impressions are right, the last bill that
was passed fixin g the salaries of consuls cut
off the fees.
Mr. POMEROY. There are no fees there.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember that to be
the case.
_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That is my impres-
sion.
Mr. SAWYER. There are no fees at present.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will state that appli-
cation has been made several times to have
the salary of the consul at Matamoras raised;
but the former consul there, it was thought,
was in some way connected with some illicit
trade or improper business, and so it was re-
fused ; but the present incumbent, I believe,
is a very honest and excellent officer.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Wilson was for a
long time in Montreal, Canada, and rendered
great service to the Government there, and
he ought to have this increase of salary. No
man of his standing and capacity ought to
be required to stay at Matamoras for $1,000
a year.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception of this amendment?
Mr. COLE. I must object to this amend-
ment and all others that are not in order under
the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment is not within the rule under which the
Senate is now acting.
Mr. COLE. We shall never get through
the bill unless we insist on the rule.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment, to come in
after line thirty-four of section three, on page 4:
For supply of non-conducting felt for coating
steam boilers and pipes in the Capitol, $10,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
I have a communication from the architect
of the Capitol extension, stating that a portion
of this work has been done, and that it is de-
sired to coat the rest of the steam boilers and
pipes. It saves a very large amount of the
expense of fuel. Part of the south wing has
already been done, and it is desired to com-
plete it.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception of this amendment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I shall have to object
to that and all others, as I stated a moment
ago. It may be meritorious, but it will have
to go over until next December.
Mr. V1CKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Sec. —. That $3,000 is appropriated, out of which
sum i-hall bo paid to John Thompson Mason, late
collector of ibe port of Baltimore, for services ren-
dered in the disbursement of the light-bouse fund,
and for services performed without the limits of his
collection district, such sum as the Secretary of the
Treasury may find legally duo and owing to said
party on nn adjustmentol his accounts by the Treas-
ury Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this amendment requires unanimous consent.
Mr. COLE. I must object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California objects.
Mr. V1CKERS. It has been before the com-
mittee for a week perhaps. I have here on my
desk the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I have also the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States that he is
entitled to it, or that the collector of the port
of Boston for similar services was entitled to
it; and I have also on my desk an appropri-
ation to the honorable Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlix,] when he was collector of the
port of Boston, for similar services. It is only
the payment of what the Government justly
owes to an individual, and has probably owed
