1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.] It is a simple ques-
tion of offset, and the Government does owe
that man the moneys which are specified in
the amendment, and it is very similar to a case
■which I had here myself, and which my friend
on my right [Mr. Edmunds] very kindly assist-
ed me in getting through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not on an appropria-
tion bill, though.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand it to be
a matter of offset. "With that statement, I
withdraw my objection.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
is withdrawn, and the Senator from Maryland
renews the amendment for John Thompson
Mason.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Sec. —. That the sum of $50,000 be appropriated,out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to continue the construction of the custom-
house at Nashville. Tennessee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is for con-
tinuing the construction of a custom-house?
Mr. COOPER. The amendment was intro-
duced and referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations several days ago, but they made
no report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They very rarely
make reports on amendments. The amend-
ments are referred as a matter of information
to the committee, and the Senators introducing
them afterward offer them. Does the Sen-
ator from California make any point on this
amendment ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I object to it, if it is
subject to objection. It has not had the
indorsement of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, as it should have. The
chairman of that committee is present and can
speak for himself.
Mr. COOPER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
subject has never been referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether this amendment is in order, but he is
not informed as to the law or the estimates.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay it upon the table,
which will save any question on those points.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the amendment lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer an amendment. No one will
make any objection to it. It is very import-
ant to the revenues, and my friend from
California will accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator ask unanimous consent to offer it, or is it
within the rule?
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Establishing the salary of the consul at Mata-
moras, Mexico, at 42,000 per annum for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, and thereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception of this amendment ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, there is no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The phrase-
ology will have to be changed if it goes into
the bill, so as to read "that the salary be
established hereafter," &c. The Secretary
will report it as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all right.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senate passed upon
that amendment, the same proposition exactly
a little while ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to oiler it now. The Treasury lost five or
six million dollars there last year, and the
Government was obliged to remove the consul
there and appoint one of the best men in the
service. The salary now is only $1,000, and
it ought to be more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the reception ofthisamendment? The Chair
hears none. Does the Senator from Michigan
change the phraseology of it so that it will
read "that the salary of the consul at Mata-
moras, Mexico, be established at," &c. ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
_Mr. LOGAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations objected to that a
little while ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the committee now Consents that it may be
decided by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a very important
amendment, and I hope Senators will vote to
'put it on.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 19.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following amendment. I presume there
will be no objection to it:
Sec. —. That the Secretary of the Interior be
authorized at his discretion to allow the marshals
ot the several judicial districts the amounts actually
paid by them tor tho hire of clerks employed on the
ninth census: Provided, That whenever the fees of
the marshal for his services in respect to said census
exceed $1,000, tho amount so allowed for clerk-hire
shall not exeeed the amount of sueh fees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception of this amendment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I must object to it.
We want a little to do next winter when we
come here; and if we take up all these sub-
jects now^ and put them on this bill we shall
have nothing to do then.  
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is objec-
tion to the reception of the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several mat-
ters that I want to offer; but if the Senator
from California intends to object to everything
I shall not move them.
Mr. THURMAN. Whenever the bill is
reported to the Senate I wish to reserve for a
separate vota 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now re-
ported to the Senate, and the question is on
agreeing to the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to reserve the
amendment offered by my colleague, " that
the Comptroller of tho Currency, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall cause to be engraved,'' &c., certain bank
notes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to reserve all the
amendments that are other than mere appro-
priations. I think it is—I will not say any-
thing improper in this body, but I think it a
great wrong that a bill of this kind should be
loaded with all manner of contrivances, as
this bill has been.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont reserves all the amendments
except those which are appropriations.
Mr. THURMAN. 'J'he amendment I wish
reserved is a piece of legislation in regard to
the printing of the national bank notes. I
will read it in full for the information of the
Senate. The bill was amended by adding
this section:
Sec. —. That the Comptroller of the Currency,
under tho direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, shall cause to be engraved and prepared, on
such paper and of such form and design as he may
prescribe, blank circulating notes lor nation ai bank-
ing associations, and shall issue the same to the
national banking associations in place of the worn-
out and mutilated circulating notes, and to an equal
amount of such associations; and any additional
issue of national bank notes that may be made in
pursuance of law shall bo in the new notes herein
provided for, so soon as tho same are ready for issue.
I want a separate vote on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has reserved that with a lrumber of
-all except those making
other amendments-
appropriations.
Mr. PA 11LRSON". I wish to reserve the
amendment relative to paving Pennsylvania
avenue, if it is not already excepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is covered
by the general reservation of the Senator from
V ermont.
Mr. COLE. I wish to reserve the appro-
priation of $-250,000 for certain Indian tribes
with wmch we have treaties and for whom we
have appropriated.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. That will also
be reserved. The remaining amendments will
be regarded as concurred in ; and the Secre-
tary will report the reserved amendments.
Mr. OASSERLY. I wish to reserve the
amendment in regard to the boundary line of
Nevada. That is legislation also, I suppose;
but I wish to be certain that it is reserved, and
therefore I name it specifically.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be spe-
cially reserved. The Secretary will report the
reserved amendments. [A pause. J The Sec-
retary states that it will be difficult for him
to discriminate between amendments making
appropriations and those which do not. Many
of them are in manuscript interlined, and per-
haps it would be better to reserve them all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is the best
way. I think the Senate ought to consider one
fr&one each of these amendments, and act on
them by distinct votes.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Each amend-
ment will be reported; and those on which a
division is not demanded will be regarded as
concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. We had better adjourn
if we are to go over these amendments again
that we have been contesting day by day.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will stand
by this bill until we get through with it. It is
Saturday night, and we ought to dispose of the
bill this week.
Mr. POMEROY. If these amendments are
to be contested one by one we cannot begin to
get through with them to-day.
Mr. COLE. They will not be contested one
by one. There are only a few that will be
contested.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SHERMAN.
Let us finish the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, can we not, with-
out taking up time in reading all these amend-
ments, agree to confine action on them in some
way ?
Sir. COLE. I would suggest that Senators
call up for separate votes such amendments as
each desires.^ I believe each one will recol-
lect very distinctly those that he has objection
to and upon which he wishes a separate vote.
I suggest that that course be pursued.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will let
me make a suggestion, it will be that we pro-
ceed not to occupy time about how this is to be
done ; but let the Secretary read these amend-
ments ; they are not many; there will be no
contest over them except where some one
wants special attention called to them. They
can be read in a short time.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
in the first section are quite nominal, changing
"three" clerks to "two,'' and matters of that
kind. If there be no objection these amend-
ments will be regarded as concurred in with-
out reading them.
Mr. POMEROY. Does it require unani-
mous consent to entertain any of these amend-
ments now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not. The
question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. The
