1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
42d Cong.... 1st Sbss.
San Domingo—Mr. Schum.
Senate.
San Domingo.
SPEECH OF HON CARL SCHURZ,
OF MISSOURI,
In the United States Senate,
March 28 and 29, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration Mr. Sto-
ker's resolutions relativo to the employment of tho
naval forces of the United States in the waters of
San Domingo-
Mr. SCHURZ said:
Mr. President: Throe speeches have now
been made in reply to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and although they were
strong in imputations, with all due respect be
it said, 1 did not find in them a vast accumu-
lation of argument. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] first intimated that the Senator
from Massachusetts had delivered his remarks
for the purpose of forestalling the effect of the
repoit of the commission that had been sent to
San Domingo, and thus, perhaps, to prevent
the ratification of the treaty. Being somewhat
acquainted with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I think lean give my friend from Indiana
the consoling assurance that nothing of the
kind was in the mind of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. Whatever the report of the com-
mission sent on a mission of investigation to
San Domingo may be, I do not think it is
likely to shed such a flood of light on the
subject as to materially alter tho judgment
of the Senate. I should therefore deem it
unnecessary to forestall anything with regard
to the San Domingo treaty, for I am living in
the hope that the fate of that treaty is already
seated.
The Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
opened with a most beautiful exordium, reveal-
ing to us a very remarkable acquaintance with
the events of ancient and modern history,
lie slaughtered, one after another, Solomon,
Cicero, Brutus, Cassius, Casca, William Pitt,
and Daniel Webster, with merciless rigor, and
finally closed the column with my friend from
Massachusetts. Really, sir, it was a brave sight
to see him standing, with his fatal hatchet,
scalping one after another, and proving that
all these great men, toward the close of their
lives, had entirely lost their mental faculties.
Very sad, indeed. But as to the conclusion
he desired to draw, that the course of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is also owing to a fail-
ure of his mental faculties, I cannot refrain
from replying that the difficulty seems to be
far less with the failure of the mental strength
of the Senator from Massachusetts than with
the failure of the moral strength of others.
1 do not entei into this debate for the pur-
pose of affecting in any way the result of the
San Domingo negotiation; for my arguments
against that treaty stand on a different ground.
I enter into it solely for the purpose of raising
my voice in vindication of sound constitutional
government; for no man can have listened to
the discussion on the floor of the Senate on
these very resolutions without having been
struck by the sinister looseness of constitu-
tional notions which has been exhibited to
us; by the continual confounding of the Pres-
ident's person with the Government of the
United States, just as if the whole Govern-
ment of the United States consisted of only
one man. It is for the purpose of vindicating
the constitutional division of powers that I
enter upon this debate; and to bring the dis-
cussion back to a legitimate basis it is well
that we should once more have a rapid survey
of the facts.
The President, of his own motion and accord,
as he had a constitutional right to do, made a
treaty with Buenaventura Baez for the annex-
ation of the Dominican republic to the United
States. The Dominican republic was disturbed
by revolutionary parties hostile to Baez. The
Dominican republic was also said to be threat-
ened by the neighboring republic of Hayti,
whose people were unfavorably disposed with
regard^ to the project of the annexation of a
part of that island to this Union, in which they
saw danger to their own independence. The
President then ordered certain naval officers
of the United States, in command of a heavy
naval armament, to protect the Government
of the Dominican republic against any inter-
ference on the part of Hayti by force of arms,
and to capture and destroy the ships of the
republic of Hayti, according to circumstances.
In pursuance of such orders, a rear admiral
of the United States, in command of heavily
armed vessels, sails into the port of Port-au-
Prince, and informs the Haytian Government
that whatever their relations with the Domin-
ican republic may be, he will use his guns to
capture and destroy their ships as soon as
they attempt to interfere in any way with the
Dominican republic. More than that, the
commanders of the naval armament of the
United States in Dominican waters proclaim
themselves also instructed, not only to pro-
tect the territory of the Dominican republic
against foreign invasion, but also to protect
the existing Government, that is, the personal
power of Baez, against the citizens of that
republic; and they actually aid Baez in his
military operations.
Is there any Senator on this floor who will
deny these facts ? They all appear from the
documentary evidence which I have on my
desk. And such orders, instructing the naval
odicers of the United States to commit acts of
war with arms of the United States, are issued
by the President without the least authority
from the Congress of the United States. Will
any Senator deny this fact ? And such orders
are continued iu force not only during the
pendency of the projected treaty before the
Senate, but after that treaty had expired on
the 20th of March, 1870, and even after it had
been formally rejected by a vote of the Senate
on the 30th of June, 1870, while not even a
shadow of a treaty is existing between the
Government of the United Slates and that
of the Dominican republic.
I submit that these are the facts; and every
one of these facts is proven by the document-
ary evidence before us, furnished by the ex-
ecutive department of the Government of the
United States. What do these facts signify V
It is affirmed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts that the orders thus issued by the Presi-
dent constituted a violation of the fundamental
law of this Republic. Let us see. If it can
be proven that these orders were unconsti-
tutionally issued, then 1 suggest that all the
glowing rhetoric about General Grant's past
services, and all the vituperation heaped upon
the Senator from Massachusetts and others, will
be utterly without avail.
Let us strip the whole argument, then, of its
flowers and go to its core. The Constitution
of the United States provides that the Congress
shall have power to declare war; but my elo-
quent friend from Wisconsin steps in and says,
as I understood him, although Congress may
have the sole power, with the approval of the
President, to declare war, yet war can be
made, acts of war can be committed, without
the authority of Congress. Did I understand
the Senator correctly ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. What is that great safe-
guard of our peace and security, as it is writ-
ten in the Constitution, that Congress, and not
the President alone, shall have the power to
declare war—what is it worth if an executive
officer of the Government can initiate or make
war without congressional authority? I have
high respect for my friend from Wisconsin,
but I cannot refrain from thinking such
an argument would be ruled out of any jus-
tice of the peace court in the West.' That
tho executive department of the Government
shall not commit any act of war except in
case of the invasion of the territory of the
United States, unless expressly authorized by
Congress, that must be the meaning, and the
only meaning, of that constitutional provis-
ion ; and if it be anything else it is not worth
tho paper on which it written.
Mr. HOWE. If my friend will allow me,
he did not misunderstand what I said, but he
evidently misunderstands what I intended by
it. I simply said that tho President could,
in the discharge of his authority over the
Army and Navy, commit an act of war. I
did not say he could rightfully do it, but I
said he would be amenable to our Government
for any such conduct.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is another thing.
Mr. HOWE. I was only trying to make a
distinction between an act of war and a declar-
ation of war.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well; then let us lay
down the meaning of the constitutional pro-
vision in these terms: that the executive depart-
ment of the Government shall not commit an
act of war except in case of an invasion of
the United States by a foreign enemy, unless
expressly authorized by Congress. Is that it?
Mr. HOWE. Will you repeat that?
Mr. SCHURZ. I will repeat it once more.
Mr. SUMNER. It will bear repeating.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly, it will bear repeat-
ing, and I think in our times it can hardly be
repeated too often. The meaning of the pro-
vision of the Constitution that Congress shall
have power to declare war is simply this and
nothing else: that tho executive department
of the Government shall not commit an act of
war except in case of an invasion of the ter-
ritory of the United States, unless expressly
authorized by Congress. Is that it?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me hear what it is, then.
Mr. HOWE. I admit that the President
should not and ought not to commit an act of
war unless under such circumstances as will
justify him in that act in the judgment of the
iribunals of the country, whether they are
legislative or judicial.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well. The definition
of the Senator from Wisconsin, then, if I un-
deistaud him correctly, is this: the Pr-esident
shall not commit an act of war unless under
circumstances which are approved by Con-
gress as being such that he may rightfully
commit an aet of war. Is that it?
Mr. HOWE. I will accept that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well. Now, sir, that
in this case Congress has not declared war or
authorized the commission of acts of war is
absolutely certain. Then the question occurs,
were acts of war actually committed ? The
President ordered officers of the Navy of the
United States to employ the force of arms to
capture or destroy the ships of a foreign nation
with whom the United States were at peace.
Is not that so? Is not this order in itself,
standing alone, unsupported byanything else,
an act of war as far as the executive depart-,
ment can commit an act of war ?
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would ask the Senator
from Wisconsin to be patient a moment; I
have to add something. The President does
not himself in his own person load and firo
the gun; he can only order the gun to be
loaded and fired; and he did so order. It is
true the President made the actual use of
arms, that is to say, the flagrant, bloody act
of war, dependent upon a certain contingency.
But, I ask the Senator from Wisconsin, has the
President the power under the Constitution at
his own arbitrary pleasure and discretion to
define a contingency in which the arms of the
