1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL OLOBE.
53
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
he had initiated the treaty with the Baez gov-
ernment, he had a very plain way to do that.
Congress was at that very moment in session.
When the orders were given to the naval com-
manders to enforce that inchoate right by
sinking or capturing the ships of a Govern-
ment with whom the United States were at
peace Congress was assembled in these Halls.
You, Senators, occupied these seats when the
President, unmindful of the constitutional pre-
rogatives of the national Legislature, over your
very heads issued that order to the naval
commanders.
It cannot, therefore, be claimed that the Pres-
ident had not an opportunity to consult Con-
gress and to do so without loss of time. But
he did not. If the President alone, as he did
in this instance, presumes to decide for the
Government the question whether the incho-
ate right shall be enforced by force of arms,
and to act upon his decision in that case with-
out being authorized by Congress, then, I re-
peat, he commits a palpable act of usurpation;
he violates the Constitution of this Republic.
Thus it turns out that the President in this
case simply made the mistake of taking him-
self to be the United States of America, the
mistake of acting upon the mighty presump-
tion that he had absorbed in himself all the
sovereignty of this great Republic. And it is
that what I call an indefensible usurpation of
those powers which the Constitution withholds
from the presidential office. If the Senator
from Wisconsin, or the Senator from Indiana,
or the Senator from New Jersey still deny this,
I shall look for their arguments with a high
degree of curiosity.
I venture to express the hope that this most
absurd, most audacious, and most un-repub-
lican doctrine that the President can, under the
Constitution, steal the war-making power from
Congress under the shallow pretense of having
created by his own arbitrary act an inchoate
right of the United Slates in a foreign country,
thus creating for himself the power to use bel-
ligerent measures to enforce that inchoate
right, will not be heard on the iloor of the
Senate again. It is indeed time that such a
heresy and such practices, so strongly smell-
ing of personal government, should be held
up to the contemplation of a republican peo-
ple, and that a republican Senate, who have
sworn to maintain the fundamental iaws of this
Republic, should openly and emphatically pro-
nounce their disapproval of them.
Senators have been unsparing in their denun-
ciation of the Senator from Massachusetts be-
cause he made his speech. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the gratitude
of every American citizen for having brought
this momentous subject to the notice of the
country, a subject which has been treated with
so much levity, and it is to be hoped that the
Senate will not hesitate to do its duty.
Now, sir, I have to follow the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator from New Jersey a
little further in their discoveries. All consti-
tutional argument, it seems, having failed, the
defense of the President's act of usurpation
resorts to the last, and, as I look upon it, the
most dangerous and desperate expedient, a
justification by precedent. I call it a most
dangerous and desperate expedient, for the
justification of evil deeds by precedent once
recognized as generally admissible would be
utterly subversive of all our public and private
morals. If a crime could once be committed
with impunity, is that a reason why it should
be regarded as less criminal when perpetrated
a second time? If an act of usurpation was
once submitted to without resistance, is that a
reason why its repetition should not be con-
demned, rebuked, and resisted ? If so, then
the integrity, nay, the very existence of repub-
lican Government in this country hangs on a
very slender thread indeed. I venture to say
that the levity with which bad precedents are
sometimes employed and admitted as argu-
ments in the discussion of public questions
bids fair to produce a confusion of moral, legal,
and political notions which will have a most
sinister influence upon the popular conscience.
But now, let us look at what the Sena-
tor from Indiana [Mr. Morton] calls the pre-
cedent relied upon to cover the President's
usurpation of the war-making power of Con-
gress. It appears that at the time when the
treaty for the annexation of the republic of
Texas wad pending before the Senate the then
President, of the United States dispatched cer-
tain war-vessels to the Gulf of Mexico and
certain military forces to the Texan frontier.
Who was the President of the United States
who did that? His name was John Tyler.
And who was the Secretary of State, his prin-
cipal adviser? His name was John C. Cal-
houn. This is a significant spectaclo indeed.
What desperate straits the defenders of Pres-
ident Grant's acts must have been driven into
to crawl under the shadow of John Tyler and
John C. Calhoun for protection ! To appeal
to John Tyler's aud John C. Calhoun's exam-
ple for the justification of President Grant's
acts! To set up John Tyler and John C. Cal-
houn as the great models after which Pres-
ident Grant shaped his policy! The distress
must indeed be extreme when such a refuge
is resorted to. If you looked over the whole
history of the United States for the names of
men whom you would like to quote in justifi-
cation of your own acts, I suppose John Tyler
and John 0. Calhoun would be the very last.
It is very strange company into which gentle-
men have introduced General Grant; and, I
am sorry to say, even that company begs to
be excused.
If you look carefully at the records of his-
tory you will find that even the conduct of
Tyler and Calhoun cannot in any important
particular serve as a precedent for the usurp-
ing act of General Grant. In the first place,
President Tyler did not order the military and
naval forces of the United States to sustain by
acts of war the then existing government of
the republic of Texas, either against foreign
aggression or against revolutionary movements
set on foot by its own citizens. President
Tyler sent certain naval and military forces to
the Gulf of Mexico and to the Texan frontier
merely for purposes of observation.
Now, let us comparc the documents in the two
cases. First, I will read a dispatch addressed
by John C. Calhoun to Mr. Shannon, referred
to yesterday by the Senator from Indiana. He
said it was too long to read it. Had it been
read in its full length, things would have ap-
peared which might not have agreed very well
with the Senator's argument, John C. Cal-
houn says in his dispatch to Mr. Shannon:
"Tho President has fully and deliberately exam-
ined the subject, and has como to the conclusion
that honor and humanity, as well as the welfare and
safety of both countries, forbid it; and that it is his
duty, during the rccess of Congress, to use all his
constitutional means in opposition to it"—
You will notice this dispatch treats of the
question of Mexican aggression upon Texas.
I read again—
"and that it is his duty, during the recess of Con-
gress, to use ail his constitutional means in opposi-
tion to it; leaving that body, when it assembles, to
decide on tho coarse which, in its opinion, it would
bo proper for the Government to adopt.
"'In accordance with this conclusion, the Presi-
dent would be compelled to regard the invasion of
Texas by Mexico, while the question of annexation
is pending, as highly offensive te the United States."
* * i. * -!- * ' * -r t
" If Mexico has thought proper to take offense, it
is us who invited the renewal of the proposition, and
not she who accepted it, who ought to be held re-
sponsible ; and we, as the responsible party, cannot,
without implicating our honor, permit another to
suffer in our place. Entertaining those views, Mex-
ico would make a great mistake if she should sup-
pose that the President would regard with indiffer-
ence the renewal of the war which she has pro-
claimed against Texas."
That is all, sir. Do you find there the send-
ing of a military and naval armament to sink
or capture the ships of Mexico? No; it is
simply a diplomatic representation, informing
the republic of Mexico that certain acts which
might be committed by her would be looked
upon with great disfavor by the United States,
a thing which happens within the history of a
nation like this in almost every decade with-
out resulting in the least in the commission of
any act of war or in the issuing of any order
to commit an act of war.
Now I come to the orders given by John
Tyler to his military commanders.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator mean to
say that he has read all of that dispatch ?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; I have not. If
the Senator wants to read the whole of it, I
shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator was comment-
ing on me because I did not read the whole of
it, and he has read but a small part of it, and
not read the significant part at all.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will show
it to me—
Mr. MORTON. I shall not now interfere
in your speech.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is there anything else in
that dispatch than simply this: that the Sec-
retary of State of the United States declares
to the Government of Mexico that if they
should attempt to invade Texas during the
pendency of tho treaty it would be looked
upon by the United States with great disfavor
and as an unfriendly act? Is not that all; or
is there anything beyond that?
Mr. MORTON. The whole dispatch amounts
to this in substance: that the invasion of Texas
at that time would be regarded as highly ofifens-
iveto the UnitedStates.andthafcMexicowould
be held responsible for the act. The language
was the diplomatic language; but it was the
language of war, and was so understood at the
time. I think if the Senator will turn back to
the files of tho Globe of the ensuing session
ho will see that that dispatch was so regarded
at the time. Of course the Navy was not
ordered into Texas; it could not sail there
very well; but the language was the language
of war; and I think nobody can read the dis-
patch through without so understanding it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does tho Senator pretend
that this dispatch contains anything to indi-
cate President Tyler's determination of his
own will, without calling upon Congress for
authority, to make war on Mexico?
Mr. MORTON. I do. I maintain that the
dispatch in itself gave Mexico to understand
that her invasion of Texas at the time would
be resisted ; and a Senator suggests to me
that it was followed by the march of troops
to the disputed territory, and there never was
a declaration of war by Congress.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will show the Senator
directly what that march of troops signified.
In this very dispatch Mr. Calhoun telJs Mr.
Shannon—
"That it is his [tho President's] duty, during tho
rccess of Congress, to use all his constitutional means
in opposition to it, leaving that body, when it as-
sembles, to decide on the course which, in its opinion,
it would be proper for the Government to adopt."
Mr. MORTON. Precisely; that he shall use
all the constitutional means. He does not say
what they were. Perhaps he might take tho
same view that President Grant did in refer-
ence to what were constitutional means. Of
course tho question would be referred to Con-
gress when Congress met, if actual hostilities
took place. What I maintain is, that that
dispatch must convey the impression to the
Senator, as it did to my mind and as it will to
the mind of any man who will read it, that an
invasion of Texas would be resisted if it was
then made. I do not want to quibble about it.
.Mr. SCHURZ. It conveys the impression
to my mind that the President of the United
