54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Sclmrz.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
States, through the Secretary of State, made
a declaration to Mexico which our Execu-
tive. under the Constitution of this country,
can always make to a foreign Government, a
declaration which, in the course of our diplo-
matic relations with England, we were fre-
quently on the point of making, and which we
would have found no fault with the President
for making if 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to make one
suggestion.
Mr. SCHUKZ. One at a time, gentlemen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which Sen-
ator does the Senator from Missouri yield?
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON". The Senator from Massa-
chusetts yesterday read an extract from Ben-
ton's Thirty Years' View, I believe, showing
that Mr. Benton put that construction upon
the dispatch that I say the dispatch bears,
and it is trifling with the meaning of that dis-
patch to say that it does not mean that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am always glad to hear
the Senator from Indiana, but I desire to say
a few words now. Ifthe Senator from Indiana
had not been so hasty, or perhaps if he had
gone through all the papers in this case with
some care, he would in other dispatches have
found an interpretation of the meaning of the
very language I have just quoted. He would
then have found that it meant something very
different from the acts which are now under
discussion as having been performed by Presi-
dent Grant. If he will now permit me to pro-
ceed with the dispatches, I think I shall be
able to satisfy him. Here is the message from
President John Tyler, of May 10, 1844. In
that message he says:
Tt will also bopcrceivod by tho Scnato, by refer-
ring to tho orders of the Navy Department, which
aro herewithtransmitted, that the naval otiioor in
command of the licet is directed to cause his ships to
perform all tho duties of a Jloet of observation, and
to appiiso tho Executive of any indication of a hos-
tile design upon Texas, on tho part of any nation,
pending the deliberations of tho Senate upon tho
treaty, with a view that tho same should promptly
bo submitted to Congress for its mature deliberation.
At the same time
And here President Tyler expresses his per-
sonal opinion—
"it is due to myself that I should declare it as my
opinion that the United States having by tho treaty
of annexation acquired a title to Texas, whioh re-
quires only tho action of the Senate to porfect it, no
other Power could bo permitted to invado and by
forco of aims to jiossom itself of any portion of the
territoiy of Toxu-s pending your deliberfttionsiipon
tile treaty, without placing itself in a hostile attitudo
to the United States, and justifying tho employment
of any military means at our disposal to drive back
tho invasion."
Mr. MORTON. Precisely; that is it.
^ Mr. SCHURZ. Precisely; and .yet John
Tyler, who is the only great authority of the
Senator fiom Indiana, does not arrogate to
himself the right as President, of tho United
States, without consulting Congress, without
having any authority from the national Legis-
lature, to issue an order to commit belligerent
ucts.
Mr. MORTON. The last clause contradicts
your argument.
Mr. SCHURZ.. Ibeg the Senator's pardon.
The facts in the case contradict his.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly; 1 will at last yield
to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator how that war actually begun ; whether,
after this warning, .Mexico did not enter over
the line, and war commenced, and Congress
never did declare war, according to my recol-
lection ?
Mr. CONKLING. Congress declared that
war existed by the act of Mexico.
Mr. S1EWART. The President sent a mes-
sage to Congress alter the disobedience of this
warning that war was actually existing, and
Congress passed a resolution, " Whereas war
exists by the act of Mexico," &c.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ifthe Senator from Nevada
is through I will give him my attention. This
happened two years afterward, and the war
was accepted as having been originated by the
republic of Mexico.
Mr. STEWART. How was it originated?
Was it not by disobeying that warning and by
resistance on the part of the United States to
that disobedience?
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Missouri give me the date of that documeut?
Mr. SCHURZ. Which document, Calhoun's
dispatch or the message of the President?
Mr. THURMAN. Either.
Mr. SCHURZ. The President's message is
dated May 15, 1844.
Mr. THURMAN. Texas was annexed fully,
completely, and represented in Congress before
there was a particle of war with Mexico.
Mr. SCHURZ. There is one thing I forgot
to read in another message of President Tyler.
If the Senator from Nevada had not interrupted
me, I should have kept the order of my re-
marks. It was this:
" Sinco that time Mcxico has, until recently, occu-
pied an attitude of hostility toward the United
States; has been marshaling and organizing armies,
issuing proclamations, and avowing the intention to
mako war on tho United States, either by an open
declaration or by invading Texas. Both tho con-
gross and convention of tho people of Texas invited
this Government to send an army into that territory,
to protect and defend them against tho menaced at-
tack. The moment the terms of annexation offered
by the United States were aoocpted by Texas, the
latter became so far a part of our own country as
to make it our duty to afford such protection and
defense."—Senate Oocurnenln, first session Twenty-
Ninth Congress, vol. 1,1845-46.
Mr. SUMNER. That was after the passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from Indi-
ana see the difference? The joint resolution
had passed both Houses ; the republic of Texas
had accepted and ratiiied the conditions of
annexation; and then the President, regarding
it as the duty of the President of the United
Stat.es1  
Mr. MORTON. The Senator has got entirely
away from the point.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from Indiana
will be a little patient I shall bring forward a
good many points.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator asked me the
question, and I say he has got away from the
point. Let him stick to the point.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Now I come to the orders
which President Tyler issued, in pursuance
of which a naval and military armament was
sentdown to the Mexican waters and the Texan
frontier:
" Navy Department, April 15,184i.
"To Commodore David Conner,
" Commanding llama Squadron, Pensacola
I will not read the whole order, but the main
part of it:
"If, while the question of ratification is pend-
ing. an armed force shall threaten an invasion of
Texas, you will remonstrate with the commanding
officer, and you will accompany your remonstrance
with the assurance that the President of tho United
States will regard the execution of such a hostile
purposo toward Toxas, under such circumstances, as
evincing a most unfriendly spirit toward theUnited
States, and which, ill the event of thetreaty's ratifi-
cation, must lead to actual hostilities with this
country,"
So far the Navy. Now as to the Army.
"Adjutant General's Office,
"Washington, April 27,1844.
"Brevet Brigadier General Z. Taylor, conun((n<ling
first Military Department, fort JeSup, Louisiana
-J* 4- 4- * t -X . j
"You will take prompt measures, in tho first in-
stance by a, confidential officer, and subsequently by
the ordinary mail or special expresses, us you may
doem ncec.ssary, to put yourself in communication
with the president of Texas, in order to inform linn
of your present position and force and to learn and
to transmit to this office (all confidentially; whether
any, and what, external dangers may threaten that
Government or its people. Should such danger be
found to exist and appear to bo imminent, you will
collect and march the forces above indicated to the
Sabine river, but not proceed beyond tfye frontier
without further instructions, keeping in readiness,
in the ease supposed, all necessary means of trans-
portation, as well as ample stores of subsistence and
ammunition."
Now, a few documents in explanation of all
these acts. Mr. Murphy was the accredited
agent of the United States near the then Gov-
ernment of the republic of Texas, and Mr.
Murphy addressed a note to Mr. Jones, who
was then the secretary of State of the republic
of Texas, in which he says:
"You therefore ask of me some pledge for tho
security of Texas pending such negotiations, previ-
ous to the appointment of a special minister to net
with Mr. VanZandt, your charge d'affaires near tho
Government of the United States, in opening and
conducting that negotiation at Washington city, for
the annexation of Texas to the United States.
"Sir, I have no hesitation in declaring, on tho
part of ray Government,thatneitherMexiconorany
other Power will be permitted to invade Texas on
account of any negotiation which may take place in
relation to any subiect upon which Texas is or may
bo invited by the United States to negotiate; that
the United States, having invited that negotiation,
will be a guarantee of their honor that n"o evil shall
result to Texas from accepting the invitation; and
that active measures will be immediately taken by
the United States to prevent the evils you seem to
anticipate from this source/'
That was the promise given by Mr. Mur-
phy, the representative of the United States
to Mr. Jones the secretary of State of the
■Texan republic, and with regard to this prom-
ise having been applied for by the representa-
tive of the Texan republic, John Nelson, Sec-
retary of State ad interim of the United States
administers the following polite rebuke to Mr.
Murphy :
"Entertaining these views, tho President is grati-
fied to perceive, in the course you have pursued in
your intercourse with the authorities of Texas, the
evidences of a cordial cooperation in this cherished
object of his policy, but instructs me to say that
while approving the general tone and tenor of that
intercourse, he regrets to perceive, in the pledges
given by you in your communication to lion. Anson
J ones of the 14th of February, that you have suffei ed
your zeal to carry you beyond ttie line of your in-
structions, and to commit the President to measures
for which he has no constitutional authority to stip-
ulate."
Does the Senator from Indiana understand
that language? The dispatch goes on :
"The employment of the Army or Navy against a
foreign Power, with which the United States are nft
peace, is not within the competency of the Presi-
dent."
Does the Senator- from Indiana understand
that language ?
"And while he is not indisposed, as a measure
of prudent precaution and as preliminary to tho
proposed negotiation, to concentrate mi (he Gulf of
Mexico and on the southern borders of the United
States, a naval and military force to be directed
to the defense of the inhabitants and territory of
Texas at a proper time, he cannot permit the au-
thorties of that Government or yourself to labor
under the misapprehension that he has power to
employ them at the period indicated by your stipu-
lations."
I think the Senator from Indiana will no
longer question the position of the Govern-
ment of the United States at that time.
Now, sir, let us compare with the attitude
of John Tyler the record of the present Ad-
ministration :
Secretary of the Navy to Rear Admiral Poor, at Key
Went.
" Navy Department, January 29,1870.
" Proceed at once with the Severn and Dictator to
Portau Prince, communicate with ourconsul there,
and inform the present Hnytian authorities that this
Government is determined to protect the present
Dominican Government with all its power. You will
then proceed to Dominica, and use your force to
givo the most ample protection to the Dominican
Government against any Power attempting to in-
terfere with it. Visit Sam an a bay and tne capi-
tal, and see the United States power and authority
secure there. There must be no failure in this mat-
ter. If the Haytians attack the Dominicans with
their ships, destroy or capture them. See that there
is a proper force at both San Domingo city and
Sam an a.
"If Admiral Poor is not at Key West, this dis-
patch must he forwarded to hiin without delay."
And now I would again ask the Senator
