1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
from Indiana whether John C. Calhoun and
John Tyler really do not have reason to beg
to be excused from being quoted in the
company of President Grant's San Domingo
policy ?
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator want an
answer?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator has read a
dispatch from Mr. Nelson, as I understand it;
but he does not contradict the position I took
yesterday in regard to the dispatch of Mr.
Calhoun. I gave the correct construction of
that dispatch, and he cannot gainsay it. That
dispatch meant just what I said it meant, and
Mr. Benton gave it the same construction.
As to their complaining of being found in
General Grant's company, that is perhaps a
question of taste. I should suppose the Sen-
ator himself would not now take very much
exception to being found in Mr. Calhoun's
company.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from In-
diana really believe that he can pass off upon
this Senate, composed of intelligent men, and
upon a people composed of intelligent citizens,
the preposterous notion that a simple declara-
tion uia diplomatic dispatch informing a foreign
Government that certain acts of that Govern-
ment, which are apprehended, would be re-
ceived with disfavor by our Government, is
equivalent to a declaration of war? Is there
a school boy in the United States who does
not know the difference between a diplomatic
dispatch specifying a certain act as unfriendly
^ to the country and a declaration of war? 1
am astonished to see the Senator from Indiana
with such perseverance reasoning himself into
that absurdity.
Now, sir, having read these dispatches, these
orders, these proclamations, these messages
issued by John Tyler and other members of
the executive department, and compared
then with the order issued by the Secretary
of the Navy, I should like to ask, is not in
this point the difference between the two cases
as clear as bunfight? There, an instruction to
observe events, and before committing any
belligerent act to wait for further orders ; here,
the order to commit the belligerent act dis-
tinctly and emphatically given, with the imper-
ative addition, "there must be no failure in
this matter;" and this not only before the
treaty of annexation is ratified ; nay, sir, these
orders even continued in force long after the
treaty of annexation has been formally rejected
by the Senate and wiped out of existence. If
Tyler did indeed entertain any such intention
as the Senator from Indiana ascribes to him,
he was very successful in concealing it; at any
rate, he was very careful not to give effect to
it. There were the naval and military forces
in his case quietly and patiently lying on the
lookout; but here we see a rear admiral of
the United States, with a heavy armament,
steaming into the port of a Power with which
the United States are at peace, and saying to
them, with his hand at their throats, " If you
attempt to do a thing"—which, the Senator
may say what he pleases, was still within the
province of their independent sovereignty to
do 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. SCHURZ. I should be glad to be per-
mitted to finish my sentence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield?
Mr. SCHURZ. Tes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator reads certain
instructions given to the commander of the
naval forces, and a dispatch to Mr. Murphy
from Mr. Nelson. Now, if he intends to state
it fairly, and of course I must assume that
he dpes, the case stands thus: Mr. Calhoun
instructed Mr. Shannon-at Mexico to make a
statement that meant war, was so understood
at the time, was afterward commented upon
by the historian of Congress as meaning war.
The Army of the United States was to be
marched to the border, and was to threaten
war. Mexico was to understand that we meant
war. The fleet was to be placed so that it
would threaten war and Mexico must so under-
stand it. The world understood at the time
that we meant war. The Mexican Govern-
ment understood at the time that we meant
war. The private dispatch sent to the com-
modore and given to Mr. Murphy does not at
all change the situation so far as the world is
concerned. The dispatch that I referred to
yesterday, taken altogether, is a clear and dis-
tinct menace of war if Mexico invaded Texas
while those negotiations were going on, and
that dispatch was laid before the Government
of Mexico by the instructions of Mr. Calhoun.
In pursuance of that dispatch the Army was
ordered to the frontier, the fleet was ordered
on the coast of Mexico, and Mexico was given
to understand, not only by the dispatch, but
by the position of the Army and Navy, that
if she did invade Texas we would make war
upon her. The private instructions afterward
given do not change the face of the affair. No
doubt Mr. Calhoun me&nt what he said at that
time. What Mr. Nelson may have meant after-
ward is another thing. The Senator vindicates
the truth of my statement, notwithstanding all
the attempt to cast confusion upon it. It was
understood at the time that we menaced Mex-
ico with war if she did invade Texas, and the
result was she did not do it; she maintained the
peace, and in this case Hayti has maintained
the peace, and Hayti has made no complaint.
Mr. SCHURZ. If I did not know that the
Senator from Indiana has had some expe-
rience in foreign affairs, being a member of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I should
think that the subject was entirely new and
foreign to his mind. His attempt to compare
the case he just cites, of a dispatch informing
a foreign Government that a certain act will
be looked upon as an unfriendly one, with the
orders given in this case to sink or capture
ships, with due respecttohim I cannotrefrain
from calling positively ludicrous. There is no
correspondence between the two cases. No
complaint is made in this case of any dispatch
that may have been sent to the Haytian Gov-
ernment through the accredited minister there.
But complaint is made of this: that the Exec-
utive gave orders to a rear admiral of the Uni-
ted States to commit belligerent acts against
a foreign Power, in a foreign country, and is
taking an active part in its internal conflicts,
without the authority of Congress.
I have shown the Senator from Indiana
clearly from the dispatches issuing from the
State Department at the same time, with rela-
tion to the same subject., that the use of armed
force at the discretion of the President was not
the intent and purpose of those proceedings
in the Texas case. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts calls my attention to another letter
from Mr. Calhoun, in which he says: '
'* Should the exigency arise to which you refer in
your note to Mr. Upshur, I am further directed by
the President to say that during the pendency of
the treaty of annexation he would deem it his duty
to use the means placed within his power by the
Constitution to protect Texas from all foreign inva-
sion."—Senate Documents, 'Twenty-Eighth Congress,
first session, vol. 5, page 349.
And what those means confided to him by
the Constitution are is explicitly and clearly
enough stated in the dispatches to Mr. Nelson
and Mr. Murphy.
Mr. HOWE. Is it not also stated in the
Constitution which confides to him the Army
and Navy ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir; but it does not
confide to him power to use that Army and
Navy against a foreign nation with which we
are at peace, at his own discretion.
Mr. HOWE. Itconfidesto him those means,
and he says he will use the means the Consti-
tution confides to him.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, now, I must declare
this is felt to be a desperate case by the Sen-
ator, and if it were transacted—I have to use
the simile again—in the court of a justice of
the peace in Nebraska or Kansas, then I could
understand such arguments; but I cannot
appreciate them upon the floor of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I protest against the
justices of the peace of my State being
brought up.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Kansas
protests that even in the offices of the justices
of the peace of his State such arguments
would not be tolerated. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. No, I protest against
any reflection upon the justices of the peace
in my State.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, it would be a reflec-
tion, to be sure.
Mr. TIPTON. The Senator from Missouri
will allow Nebraska to put in a disclaimer
also. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHURZ. With the greatest pleasure.
Now as to the second point in which the case
of John Tyler and John C. Calhoun differs
from that here under consideration. Presi-
dent Tyler attempted to justify what he did
while the Texas annexation treaty was pending
before the Senate. But here we see the naval
forces, the war-ships of the United States kept
at their unholy business long after the treaty
for the annexation of San Domingo has been
formally rejected by the Senate of the United
States, and while not even the pretense of a
treaty engagement exists between the United
States and the Dominican republic. And now,
sir, here are the reports of the naval officers,
showing under what instructions they acted
and how they even went so far as to carry the
troops of Baez in their warfare against the
revolutionary attempts of his own fellow-citi-
zens, from one place to another, long after
the treaty of annexation had been rejected by
the Senate.
Why, sir, it is a fact, probably unknown to
most Senators on this floor, that even while
the commission we' sent there recently, were at
their work a scientific party was carried to a
certain place in the steamer Nautasket, Com-
mander McCook, and that the same war-vessel
of the United States which carried that scien-
tific expedition, carried arms, munitions, and
stores of war for Baez from one division of his
troops to another.
Mr. SUMNER. To be used against Cabral.
Mr. SCHURZ. To be used against Cabral,
Baez's own fellow-citizens in insurrection.
Now, sir, is there even the merest pretense
of a treaty between the Government of the
United States and San Domingo in existence
at the present moment ? Here is the Presi-
dent's message, laid before Congress in Decem-
ber last, proving that no new treaty was in ex-
istence then, and asking Congress to authorize
him to send a commission to San Domingo,
so that then a new treaty might thereafter be
framed. Does the Senator from Indiana still
fail to see the difference?
But even this is not all. President Tyler
sent a military and naval force to the Texan
frontier and coast for the purpose of observa-
tion as to the apprehended invasion of Texas
by a foreign Power; but hero we see our naval
officers ordered not only to observe events,
but to interfere by force of arms, and not only
to interfere in case of invasion by a foreign
Power, but in case of a rising of the citizens
of the Dominican republic against their pres-
ent ruler, Baez; thus to use force, not only
