1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] to the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr.CONKLING. Letus divideagain; there
is a quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Chair will regard the call for
the yeas and nays as withdrawn, and the Chair
will again divide the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired with the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill;] but
I am willing to be counted on either side, if it
makes no difference in the result, so as to form
a quorum.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes 24, noes 17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. PATTERSON. I desire to offer a
substitute for the amendment adopted on my
motion yesterday in relation to paving Penn-
sylvania avenue.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment agreed
to as in Committee of the Whole is as follows:
Sec. —. That the board of public works of the
District of Columbia be, and is hereby, authorized
to cause Pennsylvania avenue to be paved with the
most approved pavement from Fifteenth street to
the east side of Rock creek, the expense thereof to
be defrayed by assessments, as provided in the act
creating such board, excepting that portion of said
avenue upon which public reservation abut.whicil
shall bo paid for by the United States; and to del ray
the expense of such portion a sum sufficient be, and
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
It is proposed to amend the amendment by
striking out all after the word "that" and
inserting:
The board of public works of the District of Colum-
bia be, and is hereby, authorized to cause Pennsyl-
vania avenue from Fifteenth street to tho east side
of Bock creek to be improved by parking and paving,
or by paving alone,in pursuanceof apian to becare-
fully made by said board and approved by tho Presi-
dent, which shall provide for a uniform pavement
across the wholepaved partof said avenue ; and the
expense thereof shall bo paid by the District of
Columbia aud the adjoining property-holders in the
proportions provided by the act to provide a govern-
ment forsaid District, excepting that the expense of
said improvement upon which public reservations
abut shall be paid by the United States; and to defray
that expense a sum sufficient is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided, That the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company shall pay the same
proportion of said improvement as it paid for the
pavementon that part of the avenue already paved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on this amendment to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the Secretaiy
read again what is said about parking the
. avenue.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. It simply allows them
to park the center of the avenue if it is thought
best and the plan is approved by the Presi-
dent.
Mr. THURMAN. Pennsylvania avenue?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes; from Fifteenth
street to Rock creek.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that portion
about parking ought, to he struck out. I do
not think we ought to injure that avenue by
taking a piece out of the center of it for park-
ing.
Mr. PATTERSON. It will not necessarily
be done. This leaves it at the discretion of
the board of public works, provided that plan
is approved by the President. It will be much
cheaper than to pave the whole of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would not leave them
any such discretion. It is the finest street in
the world to-day probably, and it owes that
character mainly to its great width, wholly
unobstructed.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is to park only that
part of the avenue from Fifteenth street west;
not in the business part of the city, it will be
remembered.
Mr. CONKLING, There is one fact which
the Senator from California omits in the ele-
ments in aid of his argument, and that is a
very important part. The railroad occupies
the middle of the avenue now; the railroad is
to be somewhere ; and if the avenue is to be
parked in the middle and the railroad to ran
on either side of the park it would disfigure
the street very much.
Mr. BLAIR. That is frequently done. In
New Orleans, in the streets through which the
railroads run, there is a beautiful park with
shade trees alongside. I think it would be a
great improvement.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some of the property-
holders, since this matter was published, have
come to me and complained. They said that
the property beyond the War Department is
of comparatively little value compared with
the property on this side, is probably worth
only about one third, or not to exceed one
half as much. Therefore, to require them to
pay their share of paving the broad Pennsyl-
vania avenue all the way, would be very op-
pressive. Indeed, many of the property-hold-
ers on Pennsylvania avenue have almost been
ruined by the cost of this magnificent pave-
ment that has been laid. To put the same cost
on the owners of property that is not worth
more than one third as much, would almost
ruin the land-liolders. They have got up a
plan among them, and I am told a large num-
ber of them have agreed to it—it has been
mentioned tome several times—by which they
will park the avenue something like the Unter
den Linden in Berlin. That is a wide avenue,
like Pennsylvania avenue, with a park in the
center, and, as the Senator from Missouri says,
it has a very beautiful effect.
Indeed, I think one of the most magnificent
streets which could be made, could be made
of Pennsylvania avenue parked, say thirty,
forty, or fifty feet in the center, even with the
railroad passing through, with fine trees grow-
ing on either side, with a passage-way across.
It would lessen the expease of paving a great
deal. This is a plan that has been agreed upon
among some of the property-holders. Some
of them were really p*assing along getting the
assent of the property holders to the improve-
ment. It struck me when it was proposed to
allow this part of the avenue to be parked that
it would be very well to leave that question to
the board of public works, who aie all citizens
of the District, rather than for us to prescribe
it ourselves. 1 am therefore rather in favor
of the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. There is such a street in New
Orleans parked in the center, with a railroad
running through the center of it, and it has the
most beautiful effect.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make au in-
quiry 
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdraw his amendment. If
he will not, I trust the Senate will vote on it.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one
inquiry, and that is as to the necessity of an
act of Congress to enable this board of pub-
lic works to make this park if they think it
important.
Mr. COLE. They have not control of the
avenue; that belongs to the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. The act does not give
them the control of avenues, but of streets.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
moved by the Senator irotn New Hampshire.
Mr. CORBETl". I move to strike out ihat
portion relating to parking the center. I think
that ought not to be done ; it will spoil the
uniformity of Pennsylvania avenue-—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to an amendment, and cannot be
amended.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it will interfere
with the receptions, &c., that are taking place
at the White House. It is in that portion of
the city.
Mr. PATTERSON. The President has to
approve it before it can be done.
Mr. CORBETT. He may not be President
always. It may obstruct gatherings there that
may be thought advisable. 1 think it ought not
to be adopted.
Mr. CRAGIN. It strikes me that there is
one indefinite thing in the amendment; that
is the question of cost. Here is an appropria-
tion proposed, an indefinite appropriation for
the Government to pay a portion of this cost.
Perhaps there may be some precedent for this;
but it seems to me there should be some more
definiteness about the amount of the cost of
the pavement.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
as amended.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask for a division on that
question.
The question being put, there were—ayes
twenty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it in order now to move
to strike out the portion relating to parking?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Having been
agreed to. it is not in order to amend it. The
bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to renew the
amendment offered in committee, making an
appropriation for enlarging the military depot
at Fort Leavenworth. I understand the objec-
tion was that there was too much money asked
for. The Senate were willing to appropriate a
reasonable sum. I have reduced it to $150,000,
for the purpose of building necessary houses
to shelter troops and store the goods at Fort
Leavenworth.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
renew that amendment in any other form.
Several Senators. Let us vote without dis-
cussion.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows :
Sbc. —. That to enable the Secretary of "War to
enlarge the military depot at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas, to meet the neces&itiesof the public service,
the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of War
in building at Fort Leavenworth the necessary
shelter for troops and storage for goods.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " fifty," so as to
make the amount §100,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The question being put, the Chair declared
that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CALDWELL. I ask for a division. It
is only §100,000, and it the first thing I have
asked for.
The question being again put, there were on
adivision—ayes 23, noes 8 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLE. There is a quorum in the Hall
and lobbies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeasand
nays. That is the way to get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want the yeas
and uajs for any other purpose than to get a
quorum, so as to finish the hill.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment, as amended, be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
amended.
