1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
42d Cong....1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
Wednesday, March 29, 1871.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the samo
subject.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted in my remarks yesterday by the
vote to go into executive session, I had been
endeavoring to prove, and I think did prove to
the satisfaction of every fair minded listener,
that the conduct of the Government of the
United States in the case of the annexation
of Texas did not furnish a precedent in any
manner which can serve as a justification
of the acts of the present Administration now
under discussion. The difference between
the Texas case and the San Domingo case I
designated as threefold. In the fi''st place,
in the Texas case, the naval and military forces
of the United States were sent to Mexican
waters and to the Texan frontier for purposes
of observation only, with instructions to ab-
stain from hostilities, and in case of any hos-
tile demonstration on the part of Mexico to
wait for further orders. There was no exten-
sion of belligerent aid to the Texan Govern
ment as long as annexation was not consum-
mated, on the distinct ground that thePresident
of the United States alone had no constitu-
tional power to order acts of war ; while in the
San Dnmingo case there was not only a diplo-
matic threat, but there was a positive order to
use the naval forces of the United States, in the
capture and destruction of the ships of a nation
with whom the United States are at peace, in
certain contingencies; and all this without the
least authority frpm Congress.
I think I have also shown the futility of
the objection brought forward by the Senator
from Indiana, which was based upon a dis-
patch addressed to our minister in Mexico by
Mr. Calhoun ; a dispatch which contained vir-
tually nothing else but a declaration that in
case the republic of Mexico should interfere
with the independent republic of Texas during
the pendency before the Senate of a treaty
of annexation to this Republic, it would be
looked upon as an act highly unfriendly to
the Government of the Doited States. 1 say
I think I proved the futility of that objection,
for the simple reason that many instances can
be found in our history where similar language
has been employed in our correspondence
with foreign Powers, without the remotest idea
that such representations were equivalent to
orders given to the Navy at once to sink or to
capture the vessels of a foreign Power without
the authority of Congress.
For instance, I might call the attention of
the Senator from Indiana to the fact that dur-
ing the occupation of Mexico by French forces,
Secretary of State Seward protested against
that again and again, and informed the French
Government in most pointed language, more
than once, that the presence of French troops
on Mexican soil was looked upon as an act
highly offensive and unfriendly to the Govern-
mentof the United States, a declaration which
the executive department of the Government
had a right to make; and yet the then Presi-
dent of the United States never went so far,
never thought of going so far, as to give orders
to the Navy to use their guns in sinking and
destroying and capturing French vessels in
case an attempt was made to land French
reenforcements upon Mexiez.i soil.
It must be known also to the Senator from
Indiana that it was not until two years after the
negotiations and transactions I have referred to
took place, that the Mexican war commenced,
long after Texas had been annexed to the
United States by joint resolution, and the con-
ditions of that annexation had been complied
with by the republic of Texas; and I remind
the Senator from Indiana that when the sup-
plies were voted ill Congress for our troops
engaged in the Mexican war the preamble of
the act read thus: "Whereas war has com-
menced by the act of Mexico." I am sure
the venerable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] who took an active part in the debate
at that period, will certainly bear me out as to
the correctness of my statement.
The second difference which I noted be-
tween the Texas case and the San Domingo
case was this: that in the San Domingo case
the protection by armed force of the Baez
government was continued, and is being con-
tinued now, long after the treaty had expired
by its own limitation ; not only that, but long
after the treaty had been formally rejected by
the Senate, thus being douljly dead.
The third difference was this: that the
United States Government at that time never
thoughtof protecting the Government of Texas
then existing, against any revolutionary move-
ments that might have sprung up among the
citizens of Texas against their Government,
while the protection of Baez, not only against
hostile interference on the part of the Hay-
tians, but against the revolutionary attempts
of his own subjects, as I may truly call them,
seems to be one of the chief objects of the
naval expedition to San Domingo.
And here I cannot refrain from taking
notice, by way of episode, of a line flight of
oratory indulged in yesterday by the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] with regard to
Baez. Do you remember, sir, how touching
his description was of the patriotic unselfish-
ness of that man, who was going to sacrifice
all his power and all his honors in transferring
the republic of San Domingo to the United
States? He, the powerful ruler of that repub-
lic, to step voluntarily back into private life;
and all that not for reward, not for his own
personal advantage, but merely for the good
of his fellow-citizens ; an example of sublime
disinterestedness hardly paralleled in the his-
tory of mankind. This morning 1 happened
to see an abstract of the forthcoming report
of the commission that was sent down to San
Domingo—by the way, as I understand, the
whole rnport will be in the newspapers very
soon—and in that abstract I find a very inter-
esting piece of information about the sublime
unselfishness of the pure and disinterested
patriot. It is this:
"Tho public debt statement is to be compared
with the letter to-day received by the commission
to see if they have been furnished with the correct
figures. As now made up, the debt is, in round num-
bers, $1,400,000; additional pending claim, 8204,000;
inclusive ot $70,000 by President Baez for personal
property destroyed ill the Spanish war, and under the
first head $000,000 for back salaries.5'
Ah! what a disinterested and pure patriot
Baez isl [Laughter.] How his heart aches to
get rid of all his worldly honors and posses-
sions, merely for the purpose of turning over
his country to the tender care of the United
States! Ilow impatient he is to sacrifice him
self for the welfare of his fellow-citizens with
the snug sum of $70,000 damages in his pocket,
and $600,009 to be divided among, mark you,
brothers and relatives who constitute the chief
office holding force of the republic of Domin-
ica, and Baez himselfl
Considering that Baez is sure to be driven
from his office as soon as the war-vessels of
the United States cease to sustain him, it will
be admitted that for him and his relatives and
friends disinterested patriotism, with a bonus
of $670,000, is not an unprofitable business.
Having now stated the main points of dif-
ference existing between the Texas prece-
dent, so called, and the San Domingo case, I
would ask the Senator from Indiana, when he
looks at that picture and at this: there, forces
sent down merely for the purpose of observa-
tion, under strict instructions not to commit
any belligerent act; there, mere diplomatic
remonstrance with regard to the possibility of
an invasion by Mexico; and here a positive
order to sink and capture ships by the use of
American guns, in case certain emergencies
happen, and active interference in the internal
broils of the Dominican republic; I ask the
Senator from Indiana, does not the difference
sere his very eye-balls? In defending Pres-
ident Grant's course he appears to me like
the drowning man who catches at a straw, and
that straw John Tyler! And eveu that straw
begs to be excused, and President Grant's
case has to sink or swim on its own merits!
But the Senator from Indiana may learn
some sound constitutional doctrine with refer-
ence to the same case from another authority.
I hold in my hand the message of President
Polk of December 2, 1845; mark you, long
after Calhoan had written the Senator's favor-
ite dispatch. Mr. Polk speaks as follows :
" Since that time Mexico has, until recently, occu-
pied an attitudo of hostility toward the United States,
has been marshaling and organizing armies, issuing
proclamations, and avowing the intention to make
war on the United Stages, cither by an open declara-
tion. or by invading Texas. Both the congress and
convention of the people of Texas invited this Gov-
ernment to send an nriny into that territory to protect
them against the menaced attack."
I would request the Senator's attention.
"The moment tho terms of annexation offered by
the United States were accepted by Texas the latter
became so far a part of our own country as to make
it our duty to afford such protection and defense."
So far President Poik. But here is a dis-
patch addressed by Mr. Buchanan to Mr.
Donelson, dated Washington, May 23, 1845 :
" I am instructed by the President to inform you
that as soon as tho existing Government and tho
convention of Texas shall have accepted the terms
proposod in the first two sections of tho joint res-
olution for annexing Texas to the United States,
he will then conceive it to be both his right and his
duty to employ tho Army in defending that State
against the attacks of any foreign Power."
No belligerent aid, therefore, until annex-
ation is constitutionally and legally completed I
A significant spectacle again—the defense of
President Grant's acts put to shame by James
Buchanan I
So much for the Texas precedent. Were
there any precedent for the usurping act now
under discussion in all this, I think it would
be high time to upset and disavow and con-
demn that precedent as a rule for future action.
But it was no such precedent; and thus it may
be affirmed that the President's usurpation
of the war-making power ill this case stands
absolutely and utterly without a parallel in the
history of the United States. And here 1 de-
sire to address a solemn word of warning t >
the Senate. If even an attemntcould be made,
as it has been made on this floor, to use Presi-
dent Tyler's conduct as a precedent in justifi-
cation of a palpable act of usurpation, such as
is now before us, I ask you, sir, what prece-
dent will this act make, and what sinister things
may it serve to justify in future times if we let
it pass without the mark of our disapprobation ?
And now permit me, sir, to devote a few
remarks to a letter concerning this subject,
signed by the Secretary of the Navy, which I
found in yesterday's newspapers.
It appears that our commission, while on
their travels in San Domingo, desired to have
a conference with the so called rebel chief
Cabral; that they wanted to travel across the
country, and that the commander of the Ten-
nessee, Captain Temple, gave them to under-
stand that it would be rather unsafe for thetn to
do so under existing circumstances. His letter
is so remarkable that, although it has already
been quoted by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I cannot refrain from calling attention
to it once more. It is addressed to Mr. Wade
and dated "On board the Tennessee, Azua
bay, February 24, 1871:"
"I understand that several of the gentlemen be-
longing to the expedition arc to start to-morrow uver-
3and for Port au Prince. It may not have occurred
to these gentlemen that, by ho doing, they wid vir-
tually place themseWes intbe position of spies; and,
if they are taken by Oabral's people, thoy can be
hung to the nearesttreo by sentence of a drum-head
