1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29?
figured the principal notabilities of the country.
A spontaneous cry, which may bo called national,
becauso it rose from the depths of the majority,
revealed the proportions of the movement, its char-
acter and its legitimacy,"
Then follows in the same journal a manifesto
signed by the principal inhabitants of Domin-
ica, where are set forth with much particu-
larity the grounds of his overthrow, alleging
that he became President, not by the free and
spontaneous choice of the people, but that he
was imposed by an armed movement; that he
treated the chief magistracy as if it were his
own patrimony and monopolized among all his
kindred the lucrative posts without regard to the
public service; that, instead of recognizing the
merit of those who'had by their sacrifices served
their country, he degraded, imprisoned, and
banished them; that, in violation of the im-
munity belonging to members of the Constitu-
ent Assembly, he sent them to a most horrid
prison, and here numerous persons are namgd ;
that without any judicial proceedings, contrary
to the Constitution, ana in the spirit of ven-
geance, he shut up many deserving men in ob-
scure dungeons, and here also are many names;
that, since his occupation of the Presidency, he
has held the capital in constant alarm, and has
established a system of terrorism in the bosom
of the national representation. All this and
much more will be found in this manifesto.
There is also a manifesto of Cabral, assigning
at still greater length reasons for the overthrow
of Baez, and holding him up as the enemy of
peace and union; also a manifesto by the Tri-
umvirate, constituting the Provisional Govern-
ment, declaring his infractions of the Consti-
tution; also a manifesto from the general in
command at the city of St. Domingo, where,
after denouncing the misdeeds of one man, it
says, "this man, this monster, this speculator,
this tyrant is Buenventura Baez."
Soon after the disappearance of Baez, his
rival became legitimate President by the direct
vote of the people, according to the require-
ment of the Constitution. Different numbers
of the official journal now before me contain
the election returns in September, 1866, where
the name of General Jos6 Maria Cabral appears
at the head of the poll. This is memorable
as the first time in the history of Dominica
when a question was submitted to the direct
vote of the people. By that direct vote Cabral
became President, and peace ensued. Since
then there has been no election, so that this
was last as well as first, leaving Cabral the
last legitimate President.
During his enforced exile, Baez found his
way to Washington. Mr. Seward declined to
see him, but referred him to me. I had sev-
eral conversations with him at my house. His
avowed object was to obtain assistance of
money and arms to aid him in the overthrow
of the existing Government. Be assured, Mr.
President, he obtained no encouragement from
me, although I did not hesitate to say, as I
always have said, that I hoped_ my country
would never fail to do all possible good to
Dominica, extending to it a helping hand. It
was at a later day that belligerent Intervention
began.
Meanwhile Cabral, embarrassed by financial
difficulties and a dead weight of paper money,
the legacy of the fugitive conspirator, turned
to the United States for assistance, oifering a
lease of the bay of Samana. Then spoke Baez
from his retreat, denouncing what he called
•' the sale of his country to the United States,"
adopting the most inflammatory language. By
his far reaching and unscrupulous activity a
hostile force was organized, which, with the
help of Salnave, the late ruler of Hayti, com-
pelled the capitulation o'f Cabral, February 8,
1868. A Convention wasappointed,notelected,
which proceeded to nominate Baez for the term
of four years, not as President, but as Dicta-
tor. Declining the latter title the triumphant
conspirator accepted that of Gran Ciadadano
or Grand Citizen with unlimited powers. At
the same time his enemies were driven into
exile or executed. The prisons were gorged,
and the most respectable citizens were his
victims. Naturally such a man would sell his
country. Wanting money he cared little how
it was got. Anything for money, even his
country.
OEIGIN OP THE SCHEME.
Cabral withdrew to the interior, keeping up
a menace of war, while the country was indig-
nant with the unscrupulous usurper, who for
the second time obtained power by violence.
Power thus obtained was naturally uncertain,
and Baez soon found himself obliged to invoke
foreign assistance. "Help me, Cassius, or I
sink!" cried the Grand Citizen. European
Powers would not listen. None of them wanted
his half island—not Spain, not France, not
England. None would take it. But still the
Grand Citizen cried, when at last he was re-
lieved by an answering voice from our Repub-
lic. A young officer, inexperienced in life,
ignorant oftheworld, untaught in the Spanish
language, unversed in International Law,
knowing absolutely nothing of the intercourse
between nations, and unconscious of the Con-
stitution of his country, was selected by the
President to answer the cry of the Grand Citi-
zen. I wish that I could say something better
of General Babcock ; but if I spoke according
to the evidence, much from his own lips, the
portraiture would be more painful and his un-
fitness rftore manifest. In closest association
with Baez, and with profitable concessions,
not easy to measure, was the American Caz-
neau, known as disloyal to our country, and so
thoroughly suspected that the military mis-
sionary, before leaving Washington, was ex-
pressly warned against him ; but like seeks like,
and he at once rushed into the embrace of the
selfish speculator, who boasted his intimacy
beyond all Americans " with the Samana and
annexation negotiations to their close," and
who did not hesitate to instruct Baez that it
was not only his right but duty to keep an
American citizen in prison " to serve and pro-
tect negotiations in which our President was
interested," which he denominates "the great
business in hand." (Hatch-San Domingo
Report, p. 185, Forty-First Congress, second
session, No. 234.)
By the side of Cazneau was Fabens, also a
speculator and life long intriguer, afterwards
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiaryof Baez in " the great business." Sparing
details, which would make the picture more
somber, I come at once to the conclusion. A
treaty was signed by which the usurper pre-
tended to sell his country to the United States
in consideration of $1,500,000; also another
treaty leasing the bay of Samana for an annual
rent of $150,000. The latter sum was paid
down by the young plenipotentiary, or $100,000
in cash and $50,000 in muskets and in a bat-
tery. No longer able to pocket the doubloons
of Spain, the usurper sought to pocket our
eagles, and not content with musketsand abat-
tery to be used against his indignant fellow-
countrymen, obtained the Navy of the United
States to maintain him in his treason. It was
a plot worthy of the hardened conspirator and
his well-tried confederates.
OPEN INFRACTION 01' DOMINICAN CONSTITUTION'.
The case was aggravated by the open infrac-
tion of the Constitution of Dominica with which
it proceeded. By that Constitution, adopted
27th September, 1866, a copy of which is now
before me, it is solemnly declared that "nei-
ther the whole nor any part of the territory of
the Republic can ever be alienated," while the
President takes the followins oath of office:
"I swear by God and the Holy Evangelists
to keep, and cause to be kept, the Constitu-
tion and the Law of the Dominican People, to
respect their rights and to maintain the National
Independence." Previous constitutions had
said simply, ''no part of the territory of the
Republic shall be alienated;" but now, as if
anticipating recent events, it was declared
"neither ihe whole nor any part," thus expli-
citly excluding the power exercised. All this
was set aside while the plot went on. Even
if Baez defied the Constitution of his country,
our Government, in dealing with him, could
not do so. In negotiation with another Power,
the Great Republic, which is an example to
nations, cannot be insensible to the restric-
tions imposed by the Constitution of the con-
tracting party, and this duty becomes stronger
from the very weakness of the other side.
Defied by the Dominican usurper, all these
restrictions must be sacredly regarded by us.
Than this nothing can be clearer in Interna-
tional Ethics; but the rule of law is like that
of ethics. Ancient Rome, speaking in the
text of Ulpian, says: "He who contracts with
another either knows, or ought to know, his
condition ;"—Qui cum alio contrahit, velestvel
debet me non ignarus conditionis ejus; and
this rule has the authority of Wheaton as part
of International Law, (Wheaton, Elements,
Part III, chap. 2, sec. 265.) Another writer
gives to it this practical statement, precisely
applicable to the present case: "Nevertheless,
in order to make such tranfer valid, the author-
ity, whether de facto or de jure, must be com-
petent to bind t.he State. Hence the neces-
sity of examining into and ascertaining the
power of the rulers, as the municipal consti-
tutions of different States throw many difficul-
ties in the way of alienations of their public
property and particularly of their territory,"
(Halleck, International Law, chap, vi, sec. 9.)
Thus, according to International Law, as ex-
pounded by American authority, was this treaty
forbidden.
Treaties negotiated in violation of the Do-
minican Constitution and of International Law
were to be maintained at all hazards—even that
last terrible hazard of war; nor was Public
Law in any of its forms, constitutional or inter-
national, allowed to stand in the way. The
War Powers, so carefully guarded in every
Republican Government, and so jealously de-
fended against the One-Man Power, were in-
stantly seized in .open violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, which was as little
regarded as that of Dominica, while the Law
of Nations in its most commanding principles
was set at defiance—all of which appears too
plainly on the facts.
ALLEGATIONS IN FORMER SrEECH NOW REPEATED.
When last 1 had the honor of addressing the
Senate on this grave question, you will remem-
ber, sir, ray twofold allegation, first, that the
usurper Baez was maintained in power by our
Navy to enable him to carry out the sale of his
country, and, secondly, that further to assure
this sale the neighbor Republic of Hayti was
violently menaced by an admiral of our fleet,
both acts being unquestionable breaches of
Public Law, Constitutional and International.
That these allegations were beyond question
at least by our Government I knew well at
tho time, for I had the official evidence on
my table; but I was unable to use it. Since
then it has been communicated to the Senate.
What I then asserted on iny own authority, I
now present on documentary evidence. My
witnesses are the officers of the Government
and their official declarations. Let the coun-
try judge if I was not right iu every word that
I then employed. And still further let the
country judge if the time has not come to cry
"halt" in this business, which already has
the front of war.
WAK.
War, sir, is the saddest chapter of history.
It is known as tho list reason of kings. Alas !
that it should ever be the reason of a republic.
" There c.an be no such thing, my Lords, as a
little war" was the exclamation of the^ Duke
of Wellington, which I heard from his own
lips, as he protested against what to some
seemed petty. Gathering all the vjgor of his
venerable form, the warrior, seasoned in a
hundred fights, cried out. and all within the
sound of his voice felt, the testimony. The
reason is obvious. War, whether great or little.
