1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
with Dominica on the same tempting island is
tbe Black Republic of Hayti, with a numerous
population, which more than two generations
ago achieved national independence, and at a
later day, by the recognition ofour Government,
tookits place under the Law of Nations as equal
and peer of the Great Republic. To all its
paramount titles of Independence and Equality,
sacred and unimpeachable, must be added its
special character as an example of self-gov-
ernment, being the first in the history of the
African race, and a promise of the future.
Who can doubt that as such this Black Repub-
lic has a value beyond all the products of its
teeming tropical soil? Like other Governments,
not excepting our own, it has complications,
domestic and foreign. Among the latter is
chronic hostility with Dominica, arising from
claims territorial and pecuniary. To these
claims I refer without undertaking to consider
their justice. It is enough that they exist.
And here comes the wrong perpetrated by the
Great Republic. In the effort to secure the
much-coveted territory, our Government, not
content with maintaining the usurper Baez
in power, occupying the harbors of Dominica
with the war-ships of the United States, sent
other war-ships, being none other than our most
powerful monitor, the Dictator, with the frigate
Severn as consort, and with yet other monitors
in their train, to menace the Black Republic
by an act of war. An American admiral was
found to do this thing, and an American min-
ister, himself of African blood, was found to
aid the admiral.
The dispatch of the Secretary of State in-
stituting this act of war does not appear in
his report; but we are sufficiently enlight-
ened by that of Mr. Bassett, our minister res-
ident at Port au Prince, who, under date of
February 17, 1870, informs the State Depart-
ment in Washington that he had ''transmit-
ted to the Haytian Government notification
that the United States asked and expected
it to observe a strict neutrality in reference to
the internal affairs of St. Domingo," and, then
with superserviceable alacrity, he lets the
Department know that he communicated to
Commander Owen of the Seminole "reports
that the Haytian Government were planning
clandestinely schemes for interfering in St.
Domingo affairs." (Senate Ex. Doc. No. 17,
p. 108, Forty-First Congress, third session.)
But a moment of contrition seems to have
overtaken the Minister, for he adds that he
did not regard these reports "as sufficiently
reliable to make them the basis of a recom-
mendation of severe and extreme measures.''
(Ibid.) Pray, by what title, Mr. Minister,
could you recommend any such measures,
being nothing less than war against the Black
Republic? By what title could you launch
these great thunders ? The menacing note of
the Minister was acknowledged by the_ Black
Republic without one word of submission, as
also without one word of proper resentment.
The officious Minister of the Great Repub-
lic reports to tbe State Department that he
had addresed a diplomatic note to the Black
Republic, under date of February 9, 1870,
where, referring to the answer of the latter,
he says, "It would nevertheless have been
more satisfactory and agreeable to my Gov-
ernment and myself if you, in speaking for
your Government, had felt authorized to give
assurance of the neutrality asked and expected
by the United States." (Ibid., p. 111.) This
letter was written with the guns of the Dictator
and Severn behind. It appears from the Min-
ister's report, that these two war-ships arrived
at the capital of the Black Republic on the
morning of February 9, when the Minister, as
he says, "arranged for a formal call on the
Haytian Government of the same day." The
Minister then records, and no blush appears
on his paper, that "the admiral availed him-
self of this visit to communicate quite pointedly
to the President and his advisers the tenor of
his instructions." (Ibid.) This assault upon
the Independence and Equality of the Black
Republic will appear more fully in the report
transmitted to the Senate by the Navy Depart-
ment. For the present I present the case on
the confession of the State Department.
RECORD OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
If the report of the State Department is a
confession, that of the Navy Department is an
authentic record of acts flagrant and indefens-
ible, unless we are ready to set aside the Law
of Nations and the Constitution of the United
States, two paramount safeguards. Both of
these are degraded in order to advance the
scheme. If I called it plot I should not err,
for this term is suggested by the machination.
The record is complete.
The scheme first shows itselfin aletter from
the Secretary of State to the Secretary of the
Navy, under date of May 17, 1869, informing
the latter that the President deems it "desir-
able that a man-of-war, commanded by a dis-
creet and intelligent officer, should be ordered
to visit the several ports in the Dominican
Republic, and to report upon the condition of
affairs in that quarter." The Secretary adds :
"It is also important that we should have full and
accurate information ill regard to the views of the
Dominicans of all parties in regard to annexation
to the United States, or the sale or lease of the bay
of Samana, or of territory adjacent, thereto."—Sen-
ate Ex. Doc. No. 31, p. 4, Forty-i'irst Congress, third
session.
No invitation from the island appears; not
a word even from any of its people. The
beginning is in the letter of the Secretary, and
here we see how a "man-of-war" formed part
of the first stage. A mere inquiry is inaugu-
rated bya "man-of-war." Nor was it to stop
at a single place ; it was to visit the several
ports in the Dominican Republic.
The Secretary of the Navy obeyed. Orders
were given, and under date of Juno 29, 1809,
Rear Admiral Hofif reports that the Nipsic,
with an armament of one 11-inch and two 9-
inch guns, "is to visit all the ports of the
Dominican Republic." Here again is a reve-
lation, foresh&dowing the future; all the ports
are to be visited by this powerful war-ship.
Why? To what just end? If for negotiation,
then was foree—force—force our earliest,
as it has been since, our constant plenipoten-
tiary. Already we discern the contrast with
Old Spain.
The loss of a screw occurred to prevent this
war-breathing perambulation. The Nipsic did
not go beyond Port au Prince; but Lieutenant
Commander Selfridge, in his report, under date
of July 14, 1809, lets drop an honest judgment,
which causes regret that he did not visit the
whole island. Thus he wrote:
"While my short stay in the island will not per-
mit me to speak with authority, it is my individual
opinion, that if the United States should annex
Ilayti on the representation of a party, it would be
iound an elephant both costly in money and lives."
Ubid., p. 5.)
The whole case is opened when we are warned
againstaunexion "on the representation of a
party."
Still the scheme proceeded. On the 17th
July, 1889, General Babcock sailed from New
York for St. Domingo, as special agent of the
State Department. The records of the Depart-
ment, so far as communicated to the Senate,
show no authority to open negotiations of any
kind, much less to treat for the acquisition of
this half island. His instructions, which are
dated July 15, 1869, are simply to make cer-
tain inquiries; but, under the same date, the
Secretary of the Navy addresses a letter to
Commander Owen of the Seminole, with an
armament of one 11-inch gun and four 32-
pounders, of 4,200 pounds, in which he says:
"You will remain at Samana or on the coast of
St. Domingo while General Babcocli is there, and give
him the moral support of your guns." {Ibid., p. 6.)
The phrase of the Secretary is at least curi-
ous. And who is General Babcock, that on
his visit the Navy is to be at his back ? Noth-
ing on this head is said. All that we know
from the record is that he was to make cer-
tain inquiries, and in this business "guns"
play a part. To be sure, itwas their "moral
support'' he was to have ; but they were never-
theless "guns." Thus in all times has law-
less force sought to disguise itself. Before
any negotiation was begun, while only a few
interrogatories were ordered by the State De-
partment, under which this missionary acted,
" the moral support of guns " was ordered by
the Navy Department. Here, sir, permit
me to say is the first sign of war, being an
undoubted usurpation, whether by President
or Secretary. War is hostile force, and here
it is ordered. But this is only a squint, com-
pared with the open declaration which ensued.
And here again we witness the contrast with
Old Spain.
But the "guns" of the Seminole were not
enough to support the missionary in his in-
quiries. The Navy Department, under date
of August 23, 1869, telegraphed to the com-
mandant at Key West:
" Direct a vessel to proceed without a moment's
delay to San Domingo City to be placed at the dis-
posal of General Babcock while on that coast. If not
at San Domingo City, to find him." (ibid, p, 8.)
Here is nothing less than the terrible earn-
estness of war itself. Accordingly, the Tusca-
rora was dispatched; and the missionary finds
himself changed to a commodore. Again the
contrast with Old Spain!
How many days the Tuscarora took to reach
the coast does not appear; but on the 4th Sep-
tember the famous protocol was executed, by
Orville E. Babcock, entitling himself " aid-
de-camp of his Excellency General Ulysses
S. Grant, President of the United States of
America," where, besides stipulating the an-
nexion of Dominica to the United States in
consideration of $1,500,000, it is further pro-
vided that "his Excellency General Grant,
President of the United States promises pri-
vately to use all his influence in order that the
idea of annexing the Dominican Republic to
the United States may acquire such a degree
of popularity among members of Congress as
will be necessary for its accomplishment."
(Hatch-San Domingo Report, Senate, No. 234,
p. 188, Forty-First Congress, second session.)
Such was the work, which needed so sud-
denly—"without a moment's delay"—a sec-
ond war-ship, besides the Nipsic which was
already ordered "to lend the moral support
of its guns." How unlike the condition when
Old Spain boasted that there was not a Span-
ish bottom in the waters!
Returning to Washington with his protocol,
the missionary was now sent back with instruc-
tions to negotiate two treaties, one for the au-
nexion of the half-island and the other for the
lease of the bay of Samana. By the Consti-
tution "ambassadors and other public min-
isters" are appointed by the President, byaud
with the advice and consent of the Senate; but
our missionary held no such commission. How
the business sped appears from the State De-
partment. The report of the Navy Depart-
ment shows how it was sustained by force.
By a letter under date of December 3, 18G9,
on board the ship Albany, addressed to Com-
mander Bunce on board the Nantasket, the
missionaiy, after announcing the conclusion
of a treaty for the lease of Samana and other
purposes, imparts this important information :
"In this negotiation the President has guaranteed
to the Dominican Republic protection from all for-
eign interposition during the time specified in the
treaties for snhtmttinK the same to the peopleof the
Dominican Republic."
Of the absolute futility and nullity of this
Presidential guarantee until after the ratifi-
cation of the treaties, I shall speak hereafter.
Meanwhile we behold the missionary changed
to plenipotentiary:
"For this purpose the honorable Secretary of the
Navy was directed to place three armed vessels in thit
harbor, subject to my instruction,"
