300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Why three armed vessels ? For what pur-
pose? How unlike Old Spain! What follows
reveals tbe menace of war.
" I shall raise the United States flag on shore and
shall leave a small guard with it."
Here is nothing less than military occupa-
tion. Besides war-ships in the Waters, the flag
is to be raised on shore and soldiers of the
United States are to be left with it. Again the
ecntrast with Old Spain, boasting riot only
that there wag not asingte Spanish *' bottom "
on the coast bat not a single Spanish soldier
on the land. Then follows an order to make
war:
"Should you find any foreign intervention in-
tended. you will use all your force to carry out to the
letter the guarantees given in the treaties."
■Nothing could be stronger. Here is war.
Then comes a direct menace by the young
plenipotentiary, launched at the neighboring
13lack Republic:
"Ihc Dominican Republic fearing trouble from
the Haytian border, about JaCmel, you will please
inform the people, in case you are satisfied there is
an intended intervention, that such intervention,
^direct or indireot, will be regarded as an unfriendly
act toward the United States, and take iuch steps an
you think itecessary."—Seriate Ex. Doc. No. 31, p. 9,
Forty-First Congress, third session.
The Dominican Republic fears trouble, or in
other words the usurper Baez trembles for his
power, and therefore the guns of oar Navy
are to be pointed at Hayti. Again, how little
like Old Spain ! And this was the way in which
our negotiation began. We have heard of an
"armed neutrality," andofan "armed peace;"
but here is an armed negotiation.
The force employed in the negotiation nat-
urally fructified in other force. Violence fol-
lows violence in new forms. Armed negotia-
tion was changed to armed intervention, being
an act of War, all of which is placed beyond
question. There is repetition and reduplica-
tion of testimony.
The swiftness of war appears in the telegram
dated at the Navy Department January 29,
1870, addressed to Rear Admiral Poor, at Key
Wesl. Here is this painful dispatch:
"Proceed at onee with the Severn and Dictatorto
Port au Princo; communicate with our consul there,
and inform the presentllaytian authorities that this
Government is determined to protcct the present
Dominican Government with oil its power. You will
then proceed to Dominica, and use your force to give
the most ample protection to tho Dominican Govern-
ment against any J'ower attempting to inter/ere with it.
Visit Samana bay and the capital, and see the United
Slates power and authority secure there. There must
be no failure in this matter. If the Ilaytians attack
the Dominicans with their ships, destroy or capture
them. See that there is a proper force at both San
Domingo City and Samana.
"If Admiral X'oor is not at Key West, this dispatch
must be forwarded to him without delay." ([bid.,
p. 11.)
"Proceed at oncel" Mark the warlike
energy. What then? Inform the Haytian Gov-
ernment that " this Government is determined
to protect the present Dominican Government
[the usurper Baez] with all its power." Strong
words, and vast in scope. Not only the whole
Navy of the United States, but all the power
of our Republic is promised to the usurper. At
Dominica, where the admiral is to go next, he
is directed to use his force " to give the most
ample protection to the Dominican Govern-
ment [the usurper Baez] against any Power
attempting to interfere wiih it." Then comes
a new direction. At Samana and the city of
St. Domingo "see the United States power
and authority secure there." Here is nothing
less than military occupation. Pray, by what
title? Mark again the warlike energy. And
then giving to the war a new character, the
admiral is told: "If the Haytians attack the
Dominicans with their ships, destroy or cap-
ture them." Such is this many-shotted dis-
patch, which is like a mitrailleuse in death-
dealing missives.
This belligerent intervention in the affairs
of another country, with a declaration of war
against the Black Republic, all without any
authority from Congress, or any sanction under
the Constitution, was followed by a dispatch
dated January 81, 1870, to Lieutenant Com-
mander. Allen, of the Swatara, with an arma-
ment of six 32-pounders, 4,500 pounds, amd
one 11-inch gun where is the breath of war.
After hurrying the ship off to the city of St.
Domingo, the dispatch says :
"If you find when you get there that the Domin-
ican Government requires any assistance against the
enemies of that republic you will not hesitate to give
it to them." (Senate Ex. Doe. No. 34, p. 15, Forty-
First Congress, third session.)
What is this but war, at the call of the
usurper Baez, against the enemies of his Gov-
ernment, whether domestic or foreign? Let the
usurper cry out, and our flag is engaged. Our
cannon must lire, it maybe upon Dominicans,
rising against the usurper, or, it maybe, upon
Haytians warring on the usurper for their
rights ; or it may be upon some other foreign
Power claiming rights. The order is perempt-
ory, leaving no discretion. The assistance
must be rendered. " You will not hesitate to
give it to them so says the order. On which
1 observe, this is war.
This was not enough. The Navy Depart-
ment, by still another order, dated February
9, 1870, addressed to Commodore Green, of
the ship Congress, with an armament of four-
teen 9-inch guns, and two GO-ponnder riflfes,.
enforces this same conduct. After mentioning
the treaty the order says:
" While that treaty is pending, the Government
of the United States has agreed to afford countenance
and assistance to the Dominican people against their
enemies nmn in the island and in revolution against the
lawfully constituted Government, and you will use the
force at your command to resist any attempts by the
enemies of the Dominican Republic by land ur sea,
so far as your power can reach them." (Ibid., p. 12.)
Here again is belligerent intervention iu
Dominica, with a declaration of war against
the Black Republic, included under the head
"enemies of the Dominican Republic," or,
perhaps, it is a case of ''running a muck,"
according to Malay example, for the sake of
the usurper Baez.
Thus much for the orders putting in motion
the powers of war. I have set them forth in
their precise words. Soon I shall show wherein
they otfend International Law and the Con-
stitution. Meanvvhile the case is not com-
plete without showing what was done under
these orders. Already the State Department
has testified. The Navy Department testifies
in harmony with the State Department. And
here the record may be seen under two heads,
first, belligerentinterventioninDominiea, and,
secondly, belligerent intervention in Hayti.
BELLIGERENT INTERVENTION IN DOMINICA.
In Dominica, there was constant promise
of protection and constant appeal for it with
recurring incidents, showing the dependence
of the usurper upon our naval force. And here
I proceed according to the order of dates.
Rear Admiral Poor, of the Hag-ship Severn,
reports from the city of St. Domingo, under
date of March 12, 1870, that the X^'resident,
meaning the usurper Baez, informed him that
lie was obliged to keep a considerable force
against Cabral and Luperon, and then added,
" If annexation was delayed it would be ab-
solutely necessary for him to call upon the
United States Government for pecuniary aid."
(Ibid., p. 17.) Not content with our guns, the
usurper wanted our dollars. Next Commander
Bunce, under date of March 21, 1870, reports
from Puerto Plata that "the authorities think
that the excitement has not yet passed, and
that the presence of a man-of-war here for a
time will have a good moral effect." (p. 19.).
The man of war becomes a preacher. The
same olfieer, under date of March 24, 1870, re-
ports a speech of his own at Puerto Plata, that
Rear Admiral Poor "had a heavy squadron
about the island and would drive him [Lu-
peron] out probably in doing so destroying
ike town and all the property in it," (p. 19.)
And this ^as followed, March 26, 1870, by
formal notice from Commander Bunce to the
British vice consul at Puerto Plata, in these
terms:
"As to my objects here, one of them certainly is,
and I desire to accomplish it as plainly as possible'
to inform the foreign residents here that if any such
league or party is formed among them, and with or
withouttheiraid IiUperon, Cabral, or any others hos-
tile to the Dominican Government should get pos-
session of this port, the naval forces of the United
States toould retake it, and in so doing the foreign
residents, as the largest property-holders, as well as
the most interested in the business of the port, would
be the greatest sufferers." (.Ibid., p. 20.)
Here is the menace of war. The naval forces
of the United States will retake a fort. '
Meanwhile the work of protection proceeds.
Rear Admiral Poor reports under date of May
7,1S70, that upon arrival at San Domingo City :
"I found itnecessary, properly to protect the Domin-
ican Government, to dispatch one of tho sloops I
found thereto the northwest portion of the island
and the other to Puerto Plata, intending, as soon as
able to do so, to dispatch one to Samana bay and
to station the other off St. Domingo City." (Ibid.,
p. 22.)
Heie is belligerent protection at four differ-
ent points.
Meanwhile the treaty for annexion and also
the treaty for the lease of Samana, had both
expired by lapse of time March 29, 1870,
while the treaty for annexion was rejected by
solemn vote June 30, 1870, so that no treaty
remained even as apology for the illegitimate
protection which had been continued at such
cost to the country. But this made no differ-
ence in the aid supplied by our Navv; nor
was the Administration hare unadvised with
regard to the constant dependence of tho
usurper. Commodore Green reports from off
St. Domingo City, under date of July 21, 1870:
"lam inclined to tho opinion that a withdrawal
of the protection of the United States, and of the
prospect of annexion at some future time would
instantly lead to a revolution, headed by Cabral,
who would be supported by the enemies of tho
present Government, and assisted by the Ilaytians."
(Ibid., p. 23.)
This is followed by a report from Com-
mander Allen at Samana bay, under date of
August 28,1870, announcing that he has received
a communication from " his Excellency Presi-
ded Baez requesting the presence of a vessel
on the north side of the island on account of
an intended invasion by Cabral." (Ibid., ji.
24.) In the communication, which isinclosed,
the usurper says that he " deems the presence
of a ship of-war iu the bay of Manzanillo of
immediate importance." (Ibid.) Cabral, it
appears, was near this place. Other points
are mentioned to be visited. Then follows
another report from Commander Green, under
date of September 3, 1870, where the deoend-
ence of the usurper is confessed :
."The President was anxious to add to the force at
his disposal in the city of San Domingo, as he feared
an outbreak, and asked me if I could not bring some
of his men that were at Azua. I accedcd to his re-
quest, and on the 2d instant landed sixty-five officers
and men that we had brought from Azua." (Ibid.,
p. 26.)
Here is a confession, showing again the part
played by our Navy. War ships of the Uni-
ted States dance attendance on the usurper
and save him from the outbreak of the people.
Still the cry of the usurper was for help.
By a letter from the Executive Mansion at
San Domingo, under date of August 30, 1870,
he desires Commander Irwin of the Yantic to
proceed "to Tortuguero de Azua for a few
hours, for the purpose of transmitting to this
city the rest of the Dominican battalion Res-
tauracion, as it is thought convenient by the
Government." (Ibid., p. 31.) Then, again,
under date of October 8, 1870, the usurper
declares " the necessity at present of a man-
of-war in this port, and that none would
be more convenient than the Yantic for the
facility of entering the river Ozama, oioing
to her size." (Ibid., p. 31.) Thus not merely
on the coasts but in a river was our Navy
invoked. But this was not enough. Under
date of October 8, 1870, the usurper writes
from the Executive Residence, "to reiterate
the necessity of the vessels now in that bay
