1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
versed in elementary lore, though younger in
years and in experience on this floor. 1
intended this morning to read very carefully
that part of his speech delivered on yester-
day, as I supposed I would find it reported
in the Globe, but have been disappointed
in not finding it in this morning's issue. I
shall therefore spend but little time in refer-
ence to his speech ; for, if I comprehended
its drift and scope, it was intended to be in sup-
port of that made by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts.
Tho charge made against the President of
the United States by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts is stated with great pre-
cision, as everything is which drops from his
lips, in these words:
"On evidence now before the Senate it is plain
that the Navy of the United States, acting under
orders from Washington, has been engaged in meas-
ures of violence and ot belligerent intervention,
being war, without the authority of Congress."
The honorable Senator proceeds to say:
"Such a case cannot pass without inquiry. It is
too grave for silence."
Further on in his speech the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts charges more directly
in terms a violation ot the Constitution and
laws on the President of the United States.
These are his words:
" But it is difficult to see how we can condemn with
proper, whole-hearted leprobation our own domes-
tie Ku Klux with its fearful outrages while the Presi-
dent puts himself at the head of a powerful and costly
Ku Klux operating abroad in defiance of interna-
tional law and the Constitution ol the United States."
Other passages equally pointed might be
read. This, then, is the charge. How is it
understood by those who listened to this debate
with as keen ears as any members of this body?
I have some passages from the newspaper press
which I might recite, indicating the impres-
sion made on the public mind by the Senator's
speech. I will read but one passage.
Mr. SUMNEli. From what paper?
Mr. HARLAN. From the New York Her-
ald, a paper which I have heard the honorable
Senator compliment very highly in his seat on
this floor as a great news journal. The passage
I read is in these words:
" In fact Mr. Sumner makes out acase for impeach-
ment of am uch more serious n ature than that worked
up against President Johnson."
The substance of this charge as understood
by the reporters for that great news journal was
repeated by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Sohuiiz] a few minutes since. He asserted
that the case which he and the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts had made out was,
in his opinion, a more fit ease for impeach-
ment than that of Andy Johnson.
Mr. President, this is a very grave charge.
I am not surprised that the two Senators who
have seen fit to bring it have labored for two
days and more to substantiate it. They them-
selves seem to understand that they must fall
or stand on their ability to prove it, for if the
charge thus brought by them against the Chief
Magistrate of the nation should not be satis-
factorily sustained they cannot escape condem-
nation by an enlightened public.
Now for the propelling cause of the first
Senator. He is moved by proper considera-
tions. These are his words :
" Mr. President, entering again upon this discus-
sion, I perform a duty which cannot be avoided. I
wish it were otherwise, but duty is a task-master to
be obeyed."
I agree with the honorable Senator in his
convictions that a sense of duty is imperious
and must be obeyed, else I would not now
speak, that the demands of duty, however un-
pleasant, must be obeyed, else I would now
be silent. I agree with him also in the con-
clusion that must follow, that it is motive that
gives moral coloring to every human act,and,
therefore, whether he may have succeeded or
not in establishing the grave charge brought
against the President of' the United States, he
must be regarded as morally innocent; but men
who are morally innocent are sometimes mis-
chievous members of society, are sometimes
misled by over-zeal to the perpetration of
grievous evils. I doubt not that the Jews who
clamored for the crucifixion of the Saviour were
honest in their judgment, thatBarabbas should
be preferred rather than He. I do not doubt
that the Roman centurion who plunged his
spear in the Saviour's side believed himself to
be in the peiformance of duty. He was but
obeying an order from his superior.
And the object the honorable Senator pro-
poses to attain by this solemn arraignment of
the President is commendable. 1 read the
honorable Senator's words:
" Such a case cannot pass without inquiry. It is
too grave for silence. Eor the sake ot the Navy,
which has been the agent, for the sake of the Ad-
ministration under which the Navy acted, for the
sake of republican institutions, which suffer when
the great Republic makes itself a pattern of vio-
lence, and for the sake of the Republican party,
which cannot afford to become responsible for such
conduct, thecaso must be examined on the facts and
the law. and also in the light of precedent, so far as
precedent holds its torch. When I speak for re-
publican institutions, it is because T would not have
oar great example weakened before the world and
our good name tarnished. And when I speak for
the Republican party, it is because from the be-
ginning I have been the faithful servant of that party
and aspire to see it strong and triumphant."
The President is accused of grave crimes
for the sake of the Navy, for the sake of the
Administration, for the sake of republican
institutions, for the sake of tbe Republican
party. Now let us endeavor to obtain a clear
comprehension of the facts which the two Sen-
ators suppose sufficient to support this charge
of great crimes.
What has the President done to justify this
attack? We are told in the extracts from dis-
patches and newspaper articles which I find in
this fifteen-column speech 
Mr. SUMNER. No newspaper article, if
the Senator pleases ; they are all in our official
reports and documents. I think there is no
newspaper article except the letter of Captain
Temple, which has been authenticated to me
by a gentleman who was with the commission
on board the Tennessee. That is the only
thing taken from a newspaper.
Mr. HARLAN. I am glad to be corrected,
for I would not do the honorable Senator the
slightest injustice if it were in my power, and
it would not be in my power to damage him if
I had the inclination, which 1 have not.
Mr. SUMNER. It is all documentary, and
therefore if the Senator is to attack it he is to
attack the documents of our Government.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well, Mr. President;
it is not my purpose to call in question either
the authenticity or truthfuluess of the Sen-
ator's documents. We learn that some time
in the summer of 1869 the President received
information from this island that probably a
contract might be made with the existing Gov-
ernment for the lease of Samatiabay, and pos-
sibly for the cession of the whole territory con-
trolled by the Dominican republic to the United
States ; and a Government ship was sent down
with a confidential agent of the President of
the United States to inquire into the facts,
with instructions to report the condition of the
country and the probabilities of a successful
negotiation for one or the other or both of
the purposes named. That is the first belliger-
ent act which I find detailed in this speech.
A Government ship was sent down, bearing a
confidential agent of the Government, to inquire
into facts.
The service was performed, a report was
made, and in pursuance of that report two
treaties were drawn up and signed by agents
of our Government and the officers of the
Dominican republic, the first proposing to lease
for a term of years the bay of Samana and suffi-
cient adjacent lands for a coaling station and a
naval depot; the second proposing to cede
the whole territory to the United States. When
these treaties were received by the President
of the United States they were submitted to
the Senate for its constitutional action. Suc-
ceeding this, the President of the United
States, we are informed by these dispatches,
instructed officers of the Navy, through the
Navy Department, to maintain the peace in
Dominica, and to repel, if need be, the
invasion of the country by external forces
during the pendency of these treaties.
This is the whole case. You may travel
through these long columns of extracts and
comments which required several hours for
their delivery, and you will find the whole case
stated in that brief sentence, that the President
instructed the officers of the Navy to maintain
the peace in Dominica within the limits of that
republic, and, if need be, to repel foreign
invasion during the pendency of the treaties.
There proved to be no necessity for the use of
force, and none was used, either within the
limits of the republic or against any foreign
Power. There was, therefore, no act of war,
no single act of violence; and if my voice
could reach the American people I would ask
them to mark well that fact, that in this long
arraignment, there is not one single act spe-
cified of a belligerent character. Not one
gun was fired, not one American soldier in hos-
tile attitude trod the soil of the Dominican
republic.
Here is the foundation for this grave ar-
raignment of the President of the United States.
It is claimed by these two eminent Senators,
learned in international law, that the Presi-
dent of the United States, during the pendency
of these treaties, had no right to use force to
protect the existing Government with which
we were at the time in incipient treaty rela-
tions. Other Senators, equally learned, assert
that it is in harmony with international law to
protect the territory which we are about to
acquire through legitimate means during the
pendency of negotiations. It is therefore a
case of the relative weight of authority: the
President and his Cabinet, including the Sec-
retary of State and the Attorney General, and
able and learned Senators on this floor, on the
one side, and the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Missouri on the other,
on an abstract question of international law.
Which is correct, it is not my purpose to de-
cide. For letthistechnical question be decided
as it may no act of violence was put forth, not
one drop of blood was shed, not one individ-
ual was put under duress or injured in person
or property.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
just there?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. How does the Senator in-
terpret the act of the rear admiral when he
pushed his way to the executive mansion and
flung his menace in the very face of the pres-
ident of the black republic? Was not that an
act of war?
Mr. HARLAN. That happens to be the
very fact in the Senator's speech which, I
believe, is not authenticated in public docu-
ments, which he takes at second-hand from
some one else.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don; there is the report of the rear admiral
himself communicating it, and also of our min-
ister, Mr. Bassett.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well I will try it
then by a simple illustration. I am engaged
in making a contract for a farm with the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, and dur-
ing the pendency of that negotiation I say to
my friend from Michigan before me, [Mr.
Chandler,] who I will suppose has assumed
a threatening attitude with a view of compel-
ling us to break off our bargain, " Keep out of
the road until we conclude our negotiations ;
