64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Harlan.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
if yon attempt to bum the honorable Senator's
house and barns and destroy his orchards and
crops during this period, he and I jointly will
repel your invasion."
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator forgets the
Constitution of the United States, which says
that, power cannot be executed except through
Congress.
Sir. HARLAN. I shall come to that pres-
ently. Bat the supposed case, the honorable
Senator from Michigan thinks better of it,
suspends his hostile demonstrations, does not
interfere, and therefore no necessity arises for
the use of force on our part and none is used.
Now lias an assault and battery been commit
ted ? To put it in the strongest possible words,
there has been a threat on my part that on the
occurrence of a certain contingency that never
does occur, I will make war on that Senator,
if he attempts to violate my rights I will repel
hiin. I threaten him—put it in that form—
but he does not interfere ; there is no occasion
for the use of force, and none is used. Now,
sir, would an action lie against the honorable
Senator from Michigan, in such a case, for
assault and battery, or trespass, or arson?
Surely not. Now let us return to the case at
bar, and consider the several elements of the
Senator's allegation.
"The Navy of tho United States, acting under
orders irom Washington,"—
That means, as I understand it, from the
President of the United States, for in contem-
plation of law the order of the Secretary of the
Navy is his order—
" lias been engaged in measures of violenco " —
What measures of violence? Violent words
merely—
" :md of belligerent intervention,"—
What kind of intervention? The use of
hostile words—
" licing war," —
What kind of war? A war of words—
" without the authority of Congress."
That is, the commander of an American ship,
tit the executive mansion in the republic of
llayti, has used brave words without the au-
thoiity of Congress! If I have a proper com-
prehension of the subject that is the wholo
of it.
Mr. SUMNER. If I do not interrupt the
Senator 
Mr. HARLAN. It is no interruption.
Mr.SUMNER. Ishould like that we should
understand each other as the Senator pro-
ceeds. If 1 have read the Constitution aright
it gives to Congre.ss the power to declare war,
;md not to the President. Now, the point here
is that the President has declared war, and in
pursuance of his declaration of war, through
the orders of the Secretary of the Navy, great
ships, with great guns, have gone in to tho har-
bor of a friendly Power and there menaced it.
That blood did not follow, that no Haytian or
no American fell in conflict, does not at all
mitigate the great offense of seizing the power
to declare war, which the evidence shows that
the President did ; that is, unless the Senator
is able to blot out of the record the orders
from the Navy Department.
Mr. IIARLAN. I am very much obliged
to the honorable Senator. That brings me to
the very point I intended to touch next. So
our minds are flowing in the same channel,
and I trust we shall arrive ultimately at the
same conclusion.
If I understand, the logic of the honorable
Senator it is this : that the President cannot,
without an infraction of the Constitution, put
forth an act of war until a declaration of war
shall have bpen made by the Congress of the
United States; for, if he yields that point,
then the whole case is gone, if I can compre-
hend it. The Constitution clothes Congress
with the power to declare war, which these
honorable Senators think must precede every
act of war. Now, let us see what has been the
understanding of that subject during the whole
history of the Government. I will state a few
cases, by way of illustration, that occur to
me, leading me to the conclusion that power
has been conferred on the President by the
Constitution to put in motion armies and fleets,
and to put forth acts of war, in the absence of
a formal declaration of war by Congress.
Wars against the Indian tribes have been car-
ried on in this country, year after year, from the
days of General Washington down to the days
of General Grant. Armies are marched into
the field, inlantry, cavalry, and artillery, and
pitched battles are fought; and yet I doubt if
you can find, during our whole national history,
one instance qf a formal declaration of war by
Congress against an Indian tribe.
I remember, since I had the honorof occupy-
ing a seat on this floor, an army was marched
by a Democratic President of the United States
to the Territory of Utah to suppress an armed
force. Will either of these Senators point me to
the declaration of war that preceded that move-
ment of the Army?
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator forget that
the citizens of Utah are citizens of the United
States?
Mr. HARLAN. They do not admit that
they are.
Mr. SCHURZ. We certainly claim them
as such.
Mr. HARLAN. If the President cannot put
forth an act of war until war shall have been
formally declared by law, then warcannot be
made in the United States more than out of
the United States unless preceded by such con-
gressional declaration of war. Is there any
clause in the Constitution of the United States
that says that within the United States the
President may declare war or make war at his
discretion ?
Mr. SCHURZ. May I answer the Senator
from Iowa?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHUliZ. Has not the President the
constitutional right to enforce the laws of the
United States in the territories of the United
States without a declaration of war?
Mr. IIARLAN. We claim that he has. So
the honorable Senator has found one class of
cases where war may be made without a dec-
laration of war.
Mr. SCHURZ. I deny that that is war.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. Then you deny
that there has been any war in this country
since 1800.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does not the Senator know
the difference between an international war
and domestic violence?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes; bat the honorable
Senator has been discussing the constitutional
power of the President to make war. Where
do you find, in terms, the power to make war
down South in the recently rebel States? You
infer it; you do not find it in words nor in
terms in the Constitution ; and yet some of us
have thought that we have had a war, a con-
stitutional war, in this country since 18G0,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Supreme Court so
decided unanimously.
Mr. HARLAN. That we did have war. But
this leads me a little out of the line of the
precedents to which I intended to call atten-
tion. There has been a display of force made
repeatedly. Some of these cases have been
referred to by others in this discussion. The
case of Texas has been the subject of a long
and able discussion between the honorable
Senator from Missouri and the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana. 1 shall have no controversy
with them over the fact, but I will name an
additional fact: the very first great battle of
the Mexican war was fought before Congress
to&k notice of our controversy with Mexico.
Mr. THURMAN. How was that?
Mr. HARLAN. The very first battle of the
Mexican war was fought before Congress took
notice of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. What does he mean by
saying "before Congress took notice of it?"
Mr. HARLAN. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. Do 1 understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa to say that the first battle of
the Mexican war was fought before Congress
took notice of the existence of Texas as a State
of the Union? The Senators from Texas were
on this floor before there was a battle fought.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, what of it? They
did not make the war.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I did not under-
stand the remark of the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. My remark was, that war
began between the United States and Mexico
before Congress took any notice of the sub-
ject.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh,yes; because Mexico
began it.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does not the Senator know
that the first act of Congress voting supplies to
the Union army commenced in this way:
" Whereas war has been commenced by the
act of Mexico," not by the United States?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; and it was not de-
clared by the Congress of the United States.
That is the point.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does not the Senator know
that war can be brought on by an attack on us
without our declaring it?
Mr. HARLAN. Not unless we resist: and
that is the point made by the Senator, that we
have not the right to repel force for the pro-
tection of our rights in the case that he names,
unless Congress first declares war. That is
the very point in issue.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
no such ground has been taken. Everybody,
I take it, recognizes the right of national de-
fense.
Mr. HARLAN. I expected to drive both
Senators from their position before I closed. I
had not expected them to yield so early in the
discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio rises to a question of order, which he
will state.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist that the Senator
from Iowa shall have at least the same courtesy
that has been extended to these two Senators;
for I think, with a single remark or two, ho
has probably exploded most of their speeches,
and I should like to hear him go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa has yielded in each case. If the Senator
says that he does not wish to be interrupted
the Chair will endeavor to protect him against
interruption.
Mx-. EDMUNDS. I hope that point will
not be insisted upon. I think my friend from
Iowa understands himself very well, and the
more we have from our friends here the
better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa has the right to yield or not as he
pleases.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish most sincerely to
apologize to the Senator from Iowa. The
Senator will not suppose that I intended in
any way to interfere with him.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts does not, nor does
the honorable Senator from Missouri; and if
either of them desires to ask me a question at
any time during the brief remarks I am about
to submit I shall be most happy to hear him.
