1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
President; a treaty is made only by the Pres-
ident and two thirds of the Senate. As the
former safeguard was new, so was the latter.
In England and all other monarchies at the
time, the treaty making power was a kingly
prerogative, like the power to declare war.
The provision in our Constitution, requiring
the participation of the Senate, was another
limitation of the One-Man Power, and a new
contribution to Republican Institutions.
The Federalist, in an article written by Alex-
ander Hamilton, thus describes the kingly pre-
rogative :
" The king of Great Britain is the sole and abso-
lute representative of the nation in all foreign trans-
actions. He can of his own accord make treaties of
peace, commerce, alliance, and of every other descrip-
tion. It is an established fact that the prerogative
of making treaties exists in the Crown in its utmost
plenitude; and that the compacts entered into by
royal authority have the mostcomplete legal validity
and perfection, independent of any other sanction."
(Federalist, No. LXIX.)
Such was the well-known kingly prerogative
which our Constitution rejected. Here let the
Federalist speak again:
"There is no comparison between the intended
Sower of the President and the actual power of the
ritish sovereign. The one can perform alone what
the other can only do with the concurrence^abranch
of the Legislature." (Ibid.)
Then again, after showing that a treaty is a
contract with a foreign nation, having the force
of law, the Federalist proceeds:
"The history of human conduct does not warrant
that exalted opinion of human virtue, which would
make it wise in a nation to commit interests of so
delicate and momentous a kind, as those which con-
cern its intercourse with the rost of the world, to the
sola disposal of a mapistrate created and circumstanced
as would be a President of the United States." (ibid.,
LXXV.)
Thus does this contemporary authority tes-
tify against handing over to the "sole dis-
posal" of the President the delicate and mo-
mentous question in the unratified treaty.
Following the Federalist is the famous com-
mentator already cited, who insists that " it is
too much to expect that a free people would
confide to a single magistrate, however re-
spectable, the sole authority to act conclu-
sively, as well as exclusively, upon the sub-
ject of treaties," (Story, Commentaries, see.
1512;) and that, however proper it may be in a
monarchy, there is no American statesman but
inust feel that such a prerogative in an Amer-
ican President would be inexpedient and dan-
gerous; that it would be inconsistent with that
wholesome jealousy which all republics ought
to cherish of all depositaries of power; and
then he adds that—
"The check which acts upon the mind, from the
consideration that what is done is but preliminary, and
requires the assent of other independent minds to
ilive it legal conclusiveness, is a restraint which
awakens caution and compels to deliberation."
(Ibid.)
The learned author then dwells with pride
on the requirement of the Constitution, which,
while confiding the power to the executive
department, guards it from serious abuse by
placing it under the ultimate superintendence
of a select body of high character and high
responsibility," (ibid.;) and then, afterremark-
ing that the President is '•immediate author
and finisher of all treaties," lie concludes in
decisive words that "no treaty so formed
becomes binding upon the country, uuless it
receives the deliberate assent of two thirds
of the Senate." (Ibid., sec. 1513.) Nothing
can be more positive. Therefore, even at the
expense of repetition, I insist that, as the
power to declare war is under the safeguard
of Congress with the concurrence of the Pres-
ident, so is the power to make a treaty in the
President with the concurrence of two thirds
of the Senate; but the act of neither becomes
binding without this concurrence. Thus, on
grounds of authority, as well as of reason, is
it clear, thattheundertakingof the Presidentto
employ the War Powers without the authority
of Congress was void, and every employment
of these War Powers in pursuance thereof
was a usurpation.
If the President were a king with the kingly
prerogative, either to declare war or to make
treaties, he might do what he has done,.but
being only President, with the limited powers
established by the Constitution, he cannot do
it. The assumption in the Dominican treaty
is exceptional and abnormal, being absolutely
without precedent. The treaty with France
in 1803 for the cession of Louisiana contained
no such assumption;' nor did the treaty with
Spain in 1819, for the cession of Florida;
nor did the treaty with Mexico in 1848, by
which the title to Texas and California was
assured; nor did the treaty with Mexico in
1853, by which new territory was obtained ;
nor did the treaty with Russia in 1867 for the
cession of her possessions in North America.
In none of these treaties was there any such
assumption of power. The Louisiana treaty
stipulated that possession should be taken by
the United States " immediately after the rati-
fication of the present treaty by the President
of the United States, and in case that of the
First Consul shall have been previously ob-
tained." (Statutes-at-Large, Vol. VIII, p. 202.)
The Florida treaty stipulated "six months after
the exchange of the ratification of the treaty
or sooner if possible." (Ibid., p. 258.) But
these stipulations by which possession on our
part with corresponding responsibilities was
adjourned till after the exchange of ratifica-
tions, were simply according to the dictate of
reason, in harmony with the requirement of
our Constitution.
The case of Texas had two stages, first under
an unratified treaty, and secondly, under a
Joint Resolution of Congress. What was
done under the latter had the concurrence of
Congress and the President, so that the in-
choate title of the United States was created
by act of Congress, in plain contradiction to
the present case, where the title, whatever it
may be, is under an unratified treaty, and is
created by the President alone. Here is a
manifest difference, not to be forgotten.
During the pendency of the Treaty, and
before its ratification by the Senate, there was
an attempt by John Tyler, aided by his Secre-
tary of State, John C. Calhoun, to commit the
United States to the military support of Texas.
It was nothing but an attempt. There was no
belligerent intervention or act of war ; but only
what Benton calls an "assumpsit" by Cal-
houn. On this "assumpsit" the veteran Sen-
ator, in the memoirs of his Thirty Years in the
Senate, breaks forth in these indignant terms:
" As to secretly lending the Army and Navy of the
United States to Texas to fight Mexico whilewewere
at peace with her, it would be a crime against God
and man and our own Constitution, fur which heads
might be brought to the block, if Presidents and
their Secretaries, like constitutional kings and min-
isters, should be held capitally responsible for capi-
tal crimes." (Benton, Thirty Years'View, Vol. II,
p. 642.)
The indignant statesman, after exposing the
unconstitutional charlatanry of the attempt,
proceeds:
"And that no circumstance of contradiction or folly
should be wanting to crown this plot of crime and
imbecility, it so happened that on the same day that
our new Secretary here was giving his written as-
sumpsit to lend the Army and Navy to fight Mexico
while we were at peace with her, the agent Murphy
was communicating to the Texan Government, in
Texas, the refusal of Mr. Tyler, through Mr. Nelson,
to do so, because of its unconstitutionality." (Ibid., p.
613.)
Mr. Nelson, Secretary of State ad interim,
wrote Mr. Murphy, our minister in Texas,
under date of March 11, 1843, that "the
employment of the Army or Navy against a
foreign Power, with which the United States
are at peace, is not within the competency of
the President." (Senate Documents, Vol. V,
1843, 1844, No. 349, p. 10.)
Again Benton says:
"The engagement to fight Mexico for Texas, while
we were at peace with Mexico, was to make war with
Mexico 1 a piece of business which belonged to Con-
gress and should have been referred to them, and
which, on the contrary, was concealed from them,
though in session and present." (Ibid., p. 643.)
In the face of this indignant judgment, writ-
ten more than a decade after the attempt, and
being already the undying voice of history, the
"assumpsit" of John C. Calhoun will not be
accepted as a proper example for a Republican
President. But there is not a word of that
powerful utterance by which this act is forever
blasted that is not strictly applicable to the
'assumpsit" in the case of Dominica. If an
engagement to fight Mexico for Texas, while
we were at peace with Mexico, was nothing
less than war with Mexico, so the present en-
gagement to fight Hayti for Dominica, while
we are at peace with Hayti, is nothing less than
war with Hayti. Nor is it any the less "a
crime against G-od and man and our own Con-
stitution" in the case of Hayti than in the case
of Mexico. But the present case is stronger
than that which aroused the fervid energies
of Benton. The "assumpsit" here has been
followed by belligerent intervention and acts
of war.
President Polk, in his annual message of
December, 1846, paid homage to the true prin-
ciple when he announced tbac" the moment the
termsof annexation offered by the United States
were accepted by Texas, the latter became so
far a part of our country as to make it our
duty to afford protection and defense." (Exec.
Doc. House of Rep., No. 4, p. 15, Twentieth
Congress, second session.) And accordingly he
directed those military and naval movements
which ended in war with Mexico. But it will
be observed here that these movements were
conditioned on the acceptance by Texas of the
terms of annexion definitively proposed by the
United States, while our title had been created
by act of Congress, and not by the President
alone.
Therefore, according to the precedents of our
history, reenforced by reason and authority,
does the "assumpsit" of the treaty fail. I
forbear from characterizing it. My duty is
performed if I exhibit it to the Senate.
But this story of a violated Constitution is
not yet complete. Even admitting some re-
mote infinitesimal semblance of excuse or
apology during the pendency of the treaty, all
of which I insist is absurd beyond question,
though not entirely impossible in a quarter
unused to constitutional questions and heeding
them little—conceding that the "assumpsit, "
inserted in the treaty by the Secretary of
State, had deceived the President into the
idea that he possessed the kingly prerogative
of declaring war at his own mere motion—
and wishing to deal most gently even with an
undoubted usurpation of the kingly preroga-
tive so long as the Secretary of State, sworn
Counselor of the President, supplied the form-
ula for the usurpation, (and you will bear wit-
ness that I have done nothing but state the
case,) it is hard to hold back when the same
usurpation is openly prolonged after the Sen-
ate had rejected the treaty on which the exer-
cise of the kingly prerogative was founded,
and when the "assumpsit" devised by the
Secretary of State had passed into the limbo
of things lost on earth. Here there is no
remote infinitesimal semblance of excuse or
apology—nothing—absolutely nothing. The
usurpation pivots on nonentity, always except-
ing the kingly will of the President, which
constitutionally is a nonentity. The great
artist of Bologna, in a much admired statue,
sculptured Mercury as standing on a puff of
air. The President has not even a puff of air
to stand on.
Nor is there any question with regard to
the facts. Saying nothing of the lapse of the
treaty on the 29th March, 1S70, being the
expiration of the period for the exchange of
ratifications, I refer to its formal rejection by
the Senate June 30, H>70, which was not un-
known to the President. In the order of busi-
ness the rejection was communicated to him,
while it became at once matter of universal
notoriety. Then, by way of further fixing the
President with this notice, I refer to his own
admission in the annual message of Decembei
