1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
42d Costs.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
I shall attempt to proceed with the line of
precedents I began to name. When we were dis-
puting with Great Britain about our northeast-
ern boundary, I remember we arrayed some
military forces in that vicinity. When we
were engaged in a controversy with the same
Government on the northwestern boundary,
1 remember that the disputed territory was
taken possession of by the troops of the United
States without any formal declaration of war.
I have heard something of the bombardment
of Greytown by the Navy of the United States,
and I have never seen any declaration of war
to justify that act of hostility. That was done,
it is true, under a Democratic Administra-
tion.
Mr. SU MNER. And always condemned.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. I suppose the
honorable Senator will take exception to every
case I present, as each one of them will be in
conflict with his position. I knew that would
be true when I began, that his theory on this
subject is overruled by a long line of pointed
precedents, and, with great deference to his
feelings, I am presenting such as I can call
to mind on the spur of the moment for the
purpose of oveithrowing him. That is my
abject.
I have h^ard something of the bombard-
ment of the ports of Japan by the combined
Navy of the United States, France, and ling-
land, which, as I am informed by my honor-
able friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
was not condemned, and we took our share
of the indemnity thus secured from the Gov-
ernment of Japan, amounting, I believe, to
some §3,000,000, still, I am told, in the Treas-
ury of the United States; and yet there was
no formal declaration of war to justify it. I
have heard also, I think, of a naval engage-
ment in the waters of China by the combined
siaval forces of the United States, England,
and France, and our part of the proceeds of
the settlement of that controversy was duly
paid over to our Government; a part of it has
been distributed to American claimants, and
the remainder, now in the Treasury, has been
the subject of a good deal of reflection on the
part of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, during the preceding session of Con-
gress, in trying to devise some fit mode of
disposing of it. That engagement was not
preceded, as far as I have been informed, by
any declaration of war by the Congress of the
United States.
Now, how do you account for all these
acts of hostility, not threats, not diplomatic
dispatches merely, not a declaration that if
our rights shall be invaded we would defend
them, but actual war; not a war of words, but
a war made with armies and navies, taking
possession of disputed and hostile territory,
fighting pitched battles and bombarding cities ;
war made with guns and solid shot and shell,
where we compelled the vanquished to pay
indemnity, and put it into our Treasury, and
yet no declaration of war? How does it hap-
pen that these two Senators, in their zeal to
defend the Constitution of the United States,
can find but one case worthy of their logic,
their great learning, and their eloquence?
The honorable Senator from Missouri has
explained the reason. He tells us that the
Duke of Wellington, a famous British hero
who merited the applause of his countrymen
on account of his military achievements, was
a bad minister, ought to have been turned
out, and was turned out of a civil station by
the English people. The parallel he finds
here. The President of the United States,
Ulysses S. Grant, he tells us, has richly earned
all the military laurels that adorn his brow;
he deserves the applause of the American
Eeople, deserves to be covered with gold if
e desires it, deserves to be clothed in fine
raiment and to fare sumptuously every day,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 5.
deserves everything that heart could wish or
mind desire; but, in the opinion of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, he is not fit to
be President of the United States. This is the
grave offense, after all, committed by Presi-
dent Grant. He has offended the two Sen-
ators, grievously offended them. They desire
to so break down his administration and crip-
ple his power as to secure the nomination of
some other Republican candidate for the Pres-
idency and secure his election.
The people of the United States will not fail
to arrive at this conclusion. These Senators
do not desire to rob President Grant of any-
thing, not one iota of anything worth having,
except the confidence of the American peo-
ple. The confidence of the American people
in his patriotism, in his prudence, in his wis-
dom, in his ability, is what they desire to
wrest from his hands, that is all! So that
they shall be able, the one or the other, or
some friend whom they esteem more highly
for his civil attainments, to occupy the execu-
tive chair. If any one can read this long,
labored speech from beginning to end, and find
anything else in it, he will have a clearer head
and a more acute intellect than I possess.
I have not yet read the speech of the honor-
able Senator from Missouri. I may have
been somewhat dazed by his eloquence and
bewildered by his oratory. I will not trust
myself to answer him in detail without first
reading his speech; but if there is anything
else in it than that which he announced near
its close, any other object for its delivery, I
have failed to perceive it.
Now, I inquire of that honorable Senator if
he supposes the American people are so obtuse
as not to see through the flimsy gauze with
which he seeks to cover himself. He has had a
quarrel with the President of the United States.
A few postmasters in Missouri were appointed
without his support or approval 
Mr. SCHURZ rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield to the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I consider
this quite a serious charge. The Senator ought
to know me better than to suppose—at any
rate he ought to have more respect for the posi-
tion of a Senator than to say—that the appoint-
ment of a few postmasters would make the
least difference in my course one way or the
other. He knows very well that I am against
the system of patronage altogether, that I want
to be relieved of it, and do not care the snap
of my finger for all the custom-house officers
and postmasters in the world. I am afraid that
the Senator from Iowa judges my motives and
those of the Senator from Massachusetts, in
our public acts, by the motives of others.
Mr. HARLAN. Now, pray tell me, why
should you be afraid 
Mr. SCHURZ. This is the first time in my
life that a sinister motive has been imputed to
me, and it was here imputed in strong and
straight language, that because the President
appointed a few postmasters in Missouri who
were not to my liking I attacked the President
of the United States. I say that the charge of
the Senator from Iowa is absolutely unfounded;
that he must have very little respect for human
nature if he thinks that a man in the responsi-
ble position which he and I occupy on this
floor should be governed by motives as miser-
able as that.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. Mr. President,
the honorable Senator leaps to a conclusion
that I have not stated. I said the honorable
Senator had had a difference with the Presi-
dent of the United States, and I began to state
that the President had appointed a few post-
masters not to his liking. I had stated no con-
clusion. How did he so readily arrive at the
offensive conclusion, which seems to have been
in his own mind?
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, does the
Senator from Iowa pretend that the meaning
of this charge was not such as I have stated?
If he wants to crawl out of it, I will give him
the opportunity.
Mr. HARLAN. That is all very well. I
shall use 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa will suspend. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Missouri that to in-
timate to a Senator a desire to crawl out of a
statement is not parliamentary.
Mr. SCHURZ. I submit to the judgment
of the Chair, and withdraw the language.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. I prefer that
the Senator should use the language that
suits his own taste best. I had not charged
the honorable Senator with consciousness of
having been warped by any such considera-
tions. He drew that conclusion himself. He
leaped forward in advance of me. Without
the patience to wait till I drew my conclusion,
he drew a conclusion for himself, a conclu-
sion, I doubt not, that has been drawn long
since by a majority of the American people.
But I would not attribute to that honorable
Senator nor to any other member of this body
a consciousness of being influenced by any
such considerations. There is a rule of evi-
dence, however, I believe, that excludes an
interested party from testifying in a case at
issue, except with the consent of the opposing
party. I do not suppose that the honorable
Senator is any nearer infallible than other men
of equal culture, rank, and learning. I think
it barely possible that his judgment might be
warped a hair's breadth by a feeling of per-
sonal unkindness growing out of a sense of
personal injury without his being conscious of
it or feeling degraded by it.
This seems to have been the judgment at
least of the writers, the publicists, of the text-
books that are used by himself and his fellow-
members of the bar. They have drawn this
conclusion from the observation and experi-
ence of ages, and the tribunals of justice of the
civilized nations have acted on it as a settled
truth, that a man's judgment may be warped
by his interest or by his passions. And it was
for that purpose alone that I referred to the
personal relations of the honorable Senator
from Missouri and of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts with the President of the
United States. They have testified before the
Senate, rather than debated, if they will allow
me to make that statement without feeling any
disrespect for either of them. They have tes-
tified here with great eloquence, and given it
as their opinion that President Grant is a worse
man, more worthy of impeachment, than Andy
Johnsonbecausethey have found, aftera year's
perusal of documents, that he instructed some
naval officer to make a threat of the use of
force if our inchoate rights in the island of
San Domingo should be interfered with either
by rebels or by a foreign force.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, does not
the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Does not the Senator very
well know that I took these same grounds be-
fore the Senate as far back as April or May
last? In an elaborate spcech I developed the
case as I presented ittheday before yesterday,
and these very orders which are now commun-
icated to the public, I may say, were in my
hands and used by me in executive session.
I quoted them freely because they were com-
municated to the Senate in executive session
on my motion ; and it was knowing these
orders that made me feel that this whole San
