66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March- 29,
Sexate.
San Domingo-—Mr. Harlan.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Domingo business was very serious indeed, that
there was a plain, open infraction of the Con-
stitution of the United States as well as of
international law.
Mr. HARLAN. What is therejn that, Mr.
President, in conflict with my statement that
tbis was the fruit of nearly a year's research ?
That the major part of it had been used before
and elsewhere, perhaps more than once, I
have not called in question. In fact I might
have said, as has been mentioned on this floor
by others, that the major part of it did sound
exceedingly familiar to me $ but then the Sen-
ator can repeat a speech a second or a third
or a fourth time with sufficient skill to entrance
an audience even as dignified and learned as
the American Senate. Hence [ listened to
the repetition of that old speech with great
pleasure. It does not change the facts. And
now I come to the other vital point in this
arraignment. The honorable Senator seemed
to feel that his position was hardly tenable,
that possibly there might be some support in
international law for the defense of the coun-
try by the United States while the treaties
were pending. I will read from the honorable
Senator's speech the very words which he
delivered:
"But this story of a violated Constitution 13 not
yet complete. Even admitting somo romoto infin-
itesimal semblance of excuse or apology during tlic
pcnditney of tho treaty "—
He thinks that is barely possible, that there
was some inliiiitesimal excuse daring that
period!—
"Even admitting sorno remoto infinitesimal sem-
blance of excuse or apology duiing the pendency
of tho treaty, all of which I insist is absurd be-
yond Question, though not entirely impossible in
a quarter unused to constitutional questions and
heeding them little—'conceding that the * itssumpsit,'
inserted in tho trenty by the Secretary of Stato had
deceived the President into tho idea that ho pos-
sessed the kitisly prerogative ol declaring war at his
own ui<*ro motion—ami wishing to de.tl most gently
with .tn undoubted usurpation of tho kingly prerog-
ative t-o long :is the tfeeretaiy of Siato, sworn coun-
selor of the President, supohed the lot luula for the
usurpation, (and you will bear witness that I have
done nothim; but state the cji^o,) it is hard to hold
back when tho same usurpation is oponiy prolonged
altci tho rienato had rejected the treaty on which
the exercise of tho kingly prerogative was founded,
and vvhon the ' (tMumpnit' devised by the Secretary
of tftato h;id p&j-sed into tho limbo of things lost on
earth '' ^ ^ ^
"And yet during this intermediate period, when
there was no unratified treaty extant, tho same bel-
ligerent intervention has beon proceeding, the same
war-ships have boon girdling the island with thetr
Kims, and tho same naval support has beon continued
to tho usurpor Baez; all at groat cost to tho country
and by the diversion of our naval forces from other
places of duty, while tho Constitution has been dis-
missed out of sight like a discharged soldier."
Now for his proof. He says this belligerent,
conduct, this violence, this belligerent, inter-
position, which he declares to be war without
a deolaratiou by Congress, contiuued aftsr th®
80th of June, when he says the treaty was
rejected. What is the proof? I have it here
as stated by himself—
" Already you havo soon how this belligeront in-
tervention proceeded after the rejection of tho
treaty; how, on tho 21st of July, 1870, Commodore
Green reported"—
Reported what ?
"reported that 'a withdrawal of fho protection of
tbu United States, and of the pionpoct of annex-
ation at uniiii future time, would instautly lead to
a revolution headed by Cabral.'"
Is it ati act of war for the commander of a
war ship to notify his Government that if all
military support were withdrawn the Domin-
ican Government would be in danger of civil
revolution? Is that a dispatch from either the
State Department, or from the Navy Depart-
ment, or from the President directing this
naval officer to use force? Not a bit of it.
That is the first testimony. I read again :
" How on the 2Sth of August, 1ST0, Commander
Allen reported Baez as 'requesting the presence of
a vessel on the north side of the island on account
of ail intended invasion by Cabral.'"
What does tbat amount to? Baez, as this
naval officer reports to his Government, re-
quested the presence of a vessfel on another
side of the island. There is no evidence of
any order from this Government command-
ing its position to be moved, no evidence,
as far as the honorable Senator chooses to
state the testimony, that the vessel was moved.
The officer merely reports that the president of
that republic asked to have it done, and that
is all. That is the Senator's evidence of a
continuation of this violence, of this belliger-
ent intervention, of thia war.
But again s
"How at the same time the usurper cries out tbat
ho ' deems the presence of a ship of war in tho bay
of Manzanilla of immense importance.' "
Well, suppose he did ; this is not an order
from the Government, or any branch of it, to
send a ship to that port, nor has the Senator
favored the Senate with any evidence that the
ship was moved, or, if it was, that it was in
pursuauce of any order from the Govern-
ment.
But again :
" How, on the 3d of September, 1870, Commodore
Green reported that Baez ' feared an outbreak,' and
appealed to the commodore 'to bring somo of his
men who were at Ama.,' which the obligiug commo-
dore did."
That is the only act performed, so far as
thia testimony goes, by any officer of the
American Navy after the supposed rejection
of the treaty. He took on board of an Ameri-
can ship sixty-odd Dominican troops, and
landed them in their own country. That is
the only act, and there is no evidence here
that that was done in pursuauce of any order
from this Government.
But again :
"IIow, under dato of October 8,1870, the usurper,
after declaring tho necessity of a man-of-war at the
port of San Domingo, says that 'none will be more
convenient than the Yantic for tho facility of enter-
ing the river Ozama, owing to her size.'"
And yet the honorable Senator does not
furnish evidence that the ship was moved, that
she ever entered the harbor or the river, or, if
she did that any order to that effect ever
emanated from this Government. This closes
the evidence on this count on the honorable
Senator's indictment, that Baez said he would
be in danger if our forces should be withdrawn,
and that ho thought the presence of certain
armed ships at other points of the island would
be of great use to him I But, Mr. President,
if it were true that the ships had been moved,
what of it? There is one treaty yet pending
between this Government and the republic of
Dominica. I should divulge no confidence, I
apprehend, If I were to say that I learn from
the public press that the date for the exchange
of ratifications has passed ; but I need not in-
form either of these learned Senators, learned
in international law and in precedent, that
Governments frequently extend the time of
the ratifications of a treaty when that treaty
has not been rejected by either of the con-
tracting parties. So, tried by the light of pre-
cedent, that treaty is still pending. We leased
a bay, we paid down the rent for its use; and
now will any one learned in the law tell me
that the lessee has not a right to defend his
possession under a lease even if it involves
the necessity of defending the title of the
lessor?
Mr. SUMNER. Not if the lease has ex-
pired, which, in this case, was on the 29th day
of March, 1870.
Mr. HARLAN. So the Senator says; but
he seems to have failed to hear what I said
just now; and I am not astonished at this. Of
course his voice can be heard and his words
will be read probably where mine will not reach.
He knows well enough, I repeat, that it is not
an uncommon thing to extend tho date for the
exchange of ratifications of a treaty after the
period of ratification first fixed has expired.
There are examples enough in our own diplo-
matic history to silence the Senator if he should
call the truth of my statement in question.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if he does
not know that under that lease we are now in
possession of Samana bay?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; and the Amer-
ican flag is floating there.
Mr. MORTON. And has been ever sinca
the treaty was made.
Mr. HARLAN. And the President has been
defending our possessions in that island, as is-
his right and duty to do.
Mr. SUMNER. Have they?
Mr. SHERMAN. That lease was made in
pursuance of an appropriation by Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; with a pro-
vision for renewal.
Mr. HARLAN. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senators. Here was a lease made
in pursuance of a law covering an appropria-
tion to pay the rent, and the American Gov-
ernment, in possession under that lease, de-
fends its possession, or, rather, declares that
it will defend it if its rights shall be invaded.
That is all—that it will defend this possession
if any one, either within the Dominican repub-
lic or from abroad, should be hardy enough to
attempt to wrest it from our hands.
I have consumed more time, Mr. President,
than I intended. I shall occupy but a very few
minutes more, and that by recalling attention
to the purpose for which these resolutions have
been introduced, and the object these two Sen-
ators hope to achieve by the delivery of their
elaborate and carefully prepared speeches, as
stated by themselves. First, as I have before
recited, from the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, it is done " for the
sake of the American Navy." I have always
understood that soldiers and sailors obeyed
ordfjra. There is no necsssity for defending
them, in my opinion, on this floor. Have they
done anything beyond what they were directed
to do by their superiors? Has the honor of
these officers, or of the Navy as a whole, been
assailed by anybody at home or abroad? Is
there then a necessity for defending the Ameri-
can Navy in a speech of three or four hours'
length, supplemented by another Senator in a
speech of equal length ?
The next object seems to be, as stated by
the Senator from Massachusetts, "for the sake
of the Administration under which the Navy
acted." For the sake of the administration
of President Grant this arraignment has been
made, and he has been charged with being
guilty of offenses more grave than were com-
mitted by Andy Johnson, who was formally
arraigned by a vote of more than two thirds
of the members of the other branch of Con-
gress, and decided to be guilty by more than a
majority of this body. It ia for the defense of
this Administration, with President Grant at
its head ! President Grant might well exclaim,
"Save me from my friends and I will take care
of my enemies," if this is to be construed into
a friendly act in his behalf.
But more than this, he is charged with being
at the head of a Ku Ivlux organization mora
infamous than that which recklessly tramples
on liberty, life, and property within the limits
of the United States 
Mr. SUMNER. Quote the exact language ;
that is not the language.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have been
so unfortunate all my life as not to be able to
remember with ease mere words. I wish I
could, for then my speech would be more ele-
gant, and surely more attractive to my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts, but I never
have had either time or patience to cultivate the
talent of remembering words. I have some-
times sought to remember facts, ideas, and
events. This is all I have been attempting
to-day on this point. I have not perverted the
Senator's meaning, nor violated the purport
