304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
last, when he announces that " during the last
session of Congress a treaty for the annex-
ation of the Republic of St. Domingo failed to
receive the requisite two thirds of the Senate,"
and then, after denouncing the rejection as
"foliy," he proceeds as follows:
" My suggestion is tliat by joint resolution of tho
two Houses of Congress the .Executive be author-
ized to appoint a commission to negotiate a treaty with
the authorities of San Domingo for the acquisition of
that island, and that an appropriation be made to
defray the expenses of such commission. The ques-
tion may then be determined, either by the action
of the Senate upon tho treaty or the joint action of
the two Houses of Congress, upon a resolution of
annexation, as in the case of the acquisition of
Texas."
Thus by the open declaration of the Presi-
dent was the treaty rejected, while six months
after the rejection he asks for a commission to
negotiate a new treaty, and an appropriation to
defray the expenses of the commission; and
not pereeiving the inapplicability of the Texas
precedent, he proposes to do the deed by Joint
.Resolution of Congress. And yet during this
intermediate period, when there was no unrat-
ified treaty extant, the same belligerent inter-
vention has been proceeding, the same war-
ships have been girdling the island with their
guns, and the same naval support has been
continued to the usurper Baez; all at great cost
to the country and by the diversion of our naval
forces from other places of duty, while the
Constitution has been dismissed out of sight
like a discharged soldier.
Already you have seen how this belligerent
intervention proceeded after the rejection of
the treaty; how on the 21st J uly, 1870, Com-
modore Green reported that "a withdrawal
of-the protection of the United States and of
the prospect of annexation at some future time
would instantly lead to a revolution headed
by Cabral;" how on the 28th August, 1870,
Commander Allen reported Baez as ''request-
ing the presence of a vessel on the north side
ot the island on account of an intended inva-
sion by Cabral;" how at the same time the
usurper cries out that ho "deems the pres-
ence of a ship-of-war in the bay of Manzanillo
of immediate importance;" how on the 3d
September, 1870, Commodore Green reported
that Baez " feared an outbreak," and appealed
to the Commodore "to bring some of Ins men
which were at Azua," which the obliging Com-
modore did; how under date of October 8,
1870, the usurper, after declaring the necessity
ot a man-of-war at the port of St. Domingo,
says that " none would be more convenient
than the 1 antic for the facility of entering the
river Ozama, owing to her size;" and how again
on the same day the usurperwrites still another
letter "to reiterate the necessity of the vessels
now in that bay [Samana] coming to the south-
ern coast." All these things you have seen,
attesting constantly our belligerent interven-
tion and the maintenance of Baez in power by
our Navy, which became his body-guard and
omnipresent upholder, and all after the rejec-
tion oi the treaty. 1 leave them to your judg-
ment without one word of comment, reminding
you only that no President is entitled to sub-
stitute his kingly will fur the Constitution of
our country.
_ In curious confirmation of the first conclu-
sion from the official document, the letter of
Captain ietnple to Mr. Wade should not be
forgotten. lhis letter has found its way into
the papers, and if not genuine it ought to be.
It purports to be dated, Tennessee, Azua Bay,
* ebruary 24,1871. Here is the first paragraph :
"I understand that several of the gentlemen be-
iorijnns tfi the expedition are to start to-morrow
jvtiland for Port mi Prince. It may not have
JCI urred to these gentlemen that, by so doing, they
will viitually place themselves in tho position of
fpids; and, it they are taken byUabral's people, they
can be hung to the nearest tree by sentence of a
drum-head court-martial according to all the rules
Oi civilized warfare. For they belong to a nafionthat,
lUroug/t the ortlers of its Executive to the nasal vessels
Itpre, lias chosen to take part in the internal confLicts of
tins country they come directly from tho headquar-
ters oi Oabral's enemies; they aro without arms,
uniform, or authority of any kind, for being in a
hostile region. They are, in faot, spies. They go
expressly to learn everything connected with the
enemy's country, and their observations are in tended
for publication, and thus indireetly to be reported
back to President Baez. Surely Cabral would have
a right to prevent this if ho can."
It will be seen that the gallant captain does
not hesitate to recognize the existing rights of
Cabral under the Laws of War, and to warn
against any journey by members of the Com-
mission across the island to Hayti, as if taken
by Cabral's people they could be hung to the
nearest tree by sentence of drum-head court-
martial, "according to all the rules of civil-
ized warfare ;'' and the captain gives the rea-
son : " for they belong to a nation that, through
tho orders of its Executive to the naval vessels
here, has chosen to take part in the internal
conflicts of this country." Here is belligerent
intervention openly recognized by the gallant
captain, and without the authority of Congress.
If the gallant captain wrote the letter, he
showed himself a master of International Law
whom Senators might do well to follow. If
he did not write it, the instructive jest will at
least relieve the weariness of this discussion.
sommaey.
Mr. President, as I draw to a close, allow
me to repeat the very deep regret with which I
make this exposure. Most gladly would I
avoid it. Controversy, especially at my time
of life, has no attraction for me ; but I have
been reared in the school of duty, and, now
as of old, I cannot see wrong without trying to
arrest it. I plead now, as I have often pleaded
before, for Justice and Peace.
In the evidence adduced I have confined
myself carefully to public documents, not trav-
eling out of the record. Dispatches, naval
orders, naval reports—these are the unimpeach-
able authorities. And all these have been
officially communicated to the Senate, are
now printed by its order, accessible to all. On
this unanswerable and cumulative testimony,
where each part confirms the rest and the
whole has the harmony of truth, I present this
transgression. And here it is not I who speak,
but the testimony.
Thus stands the case. International Law
has been violated in two of its commanding
rules, one securing the Equality of Nations,
and the other providing against belligerent
intervention, while a distinctive fundamental
principle of the Constitution, by which the
President is deprived of a kingly prerogative,
is disregarded, and this very kingly preroga-
tive is asserted by the President. This is the
simplest statement. Looking still further at
the facts we see that all this great disobedience
has for its object the acquisition of an outlying
tropical island, with large promise of wealth,
and that, in carrying out this scheme, our Re-
public has forcibly maintained a usurper in
power that lie might sell his country, and has
dealt a blow at the independence of the Black
Republic of Hayti, which besides being a wrong
to that Republic was an insult to the African
race. And all this lias been done by kingly
prerogative alone, without the authority of an !
act of Congress. If such a transaction, many-
headed in wrong, can escape judgment, it is
difficult to see what securities remain. What
other sacred rule of International Lav/ may
not be violated? What other foreign nation
may not be struck at? What other belligerent
menace may not be hurled? What other kingly
prerogative may not be seized?
On another occasion 1 showed how these
wrongful proceedings had been sustained by
the President beyond all example, but in a
corresponding spirit. Never before has there
been such Presidential intervention in the
Senate as we have been constrained to witness.
Presidential visits to the Capitol, with appeals
to Senators, have been followed by assemblies
at the Executive Mansion, also with appeals to
Senators; and who can measure the pressure
of all kinds by himself or agents, especially
through the appointing power, all to secure the
consummation of this scheme? In harmony
with this effort was the Presidential message,
where, while ehargingthe Senate with "folly"
in rejecting the treaty, we are gravely assured
that by the proposed acquisition "our large
debt abroad is to be ultimately extinguished,"
thus making St. Domingo the pack-horse of our
vast load, or perhaps, copying Don Quixote
when he imposed upon the shoulders of Sancho
Panza the penitential stripes which belonged
to himself.
Then, responding to the belligerent menace
of his Admiral, the President makes a kindred
menace by proposing nothing less than the
acquisition of the "island of St. Domingo,"
thus adding the Black Republic to his scheme.
The innocent population there were startled.
Their minister hare protested. Nor is it un-
natural that it should be so. Suppose the
Queen of England, in her speech at the open-
ing of Parliament, had proposed in formal
terms the acquisition of the United States, or
suppose Louis Napoleon, in his speech at the
opening of the Chambers during the Mexican
War, while the French forces were in Mexico,
had coolly proposed the acquisition of that por-
tion of the United States adjoining Mexico and
stretching to the Atlantic, and, in supportof his
proposition, had set forth the productiveness
of the soil, the natural wealth that abounded
there, and wound up by announcing that out
of this might be paid the French debt abroad,
which was to be saddled upon the coveted ter-
ritory. Suppose such a proposition by Louis
Napoleon or by the English Queen, made in
formal speech to Chambers or Parliament,
what would have been the feeling in our coun-
try? Nor would that feeling have been dimin-
ished by the excuse that the offensive prop-
osition crept into tlie speech by accident.
Whether by accident or design, it would attest
small consideration for our national existence.
But the Haytians love their country as we love
ours—especially are they resolute for national
independence. All this is shown by the reports
which reach us now, even if their whole history
did not attest it.
The language of the President in charging
the Senate with " folly" was not according to
approved precedents. Clearly this is not a
proper term to be employed by one branch of
the Government with regard to another, least
of all by the President with regard to the Sen-
ate. Folly, sir 1 Was it folly when the Senate
refused to sanction proceedings by which the
Equal Rights of the Black Republic were
assailed? Was it folly, not to sanction hos-
tilities against the Black Republic without the
authority of Congress? Was it folly not to
sanction belligerent intervention in a foreign
country without the authority of Congress ?
W as it folly not to sanction a usurpation of the
War Powers under the Constitution ? Accord-
ing to tho President all this was folly in the
Senate. Lot the country judge.
Thus do we discern, whether on the coasts
of St. Domingo, or here at Washington, the
same determination with the same disregard
of great principles, as also the same reckless-
ness toward the people of Hayti who have never
injured us.
present duty,
Inview of these things the first subject of
inquiry is not soil, climate, productiveness,
and possibilities of wealth, but the exceptional
and abnormal proceedings of our own Gov-
ernment. This inquiry is essentially prelim-
inary in character. Before considering the
treaty or any question of acquisition, we must
at least put ourselves right as a nation ; nor do
I see how this can be done without retracing
our steps and consenting to act in subordina-
tion to International Law and the Constitution
of the United States.
I will ask the Senator from Vermont to talk
a little lower. [Mr. Edmunds was conferiing
with Mr. Carpenter near the seat of the latter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not talking at all i
it is the other man.
Mr. SUMNER paused.
