1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is suspending his remarks
until the rules shall be obeyed.
Mr. SUMNER. I will yield cheerfully to
other Senators if they wish to take the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means. 1
believe we are entitled under the rules to
confer privately, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
have the rule read if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts demands its observance. The Secre-
tary will read the second rule, and the Chair
will state to the Senator from Massachusetts
that he will be compelled to enforce it on all
Senators hereafter.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to the Chair that
my voice is growing very weak, and therefore I
claimed indulgence and courtesy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that Senators are iu the habit of con-
versing when other Senators are speaking, the
Senator from Massachusetts with the other
members of the body ; but, as the Senator
from Massachusetts has the second time called
attention to it, the Chair will have the rule
read, and will hereafter enforce it on all Sena-
tors impartially.
The Chief Clerk read the second rule as fol-
lows:
"2. No Senator shall speak to another, or other-
wise interrupt the business of the Senate, or read
any newspaper, while the Journals or public papers
are reading, or when any Senator is speaking in any
debate."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Where Sen-
ators have cunversed heretofore without rais-
ing their voices so as to be obnoxious to the
Senator upon the floor, the Chair has not felt
compelled to enforce this rule ; but he will, as
this has been again brought to his notice.
Mr. SUMNER. It was only that my voice
■was much worn and I have not strength to use
it as I had once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I begto apologize to my
friend from Massachusetts. 1 had not the
slightest intention or disposition to interrupt
him. Nothing gives me greater pleasure always
than to listen to my friend from Massachusetts
and the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Beside the essential equity
of such submission, and the moral dignity it
would confer upon the Republic, which rises
when it stoops to law, there are two other rea-
sons of irresistible force at this moment. I
need not remind you that the Senate is now
occupied in considering how to suppress law-
lessness within our own borders and to save
the African race from outrage. Surely our
efforts at home must be weakened by the
drama we are now playing abroad. Pray, sir,
with what face can we insist upon obedience
to law and respect for the African race, while
we are openly engaged in lawlessness on
the coasts of St. Domingo and outrage upon
the African race represented by the Black Re-
public? How can we expect to put down the
Ku Klux at the South, when we set in motion
another Ku Klux kindred in constant insub-
ordination to law and Constitution? Dilfering
in object the two are identical in this insubor-
dination. Oue strikes at national life and the
■other at individual life, while both strike at
the African race. One molests a people, the
other a community. Lawlessness is the com-
mon element. But-it is difficult to see how
we can condemn with proper, whole-hearted
reprobation, our own domestic Ku Klux with
its fearful outrages while the President puts
himself at the head of a powerful and costly Ku
Klux operating abroad in defiance of Interna-
tional Daw and the Constitution of the United
States. These are questions which I ask with
sorrow, and only in obedience to that truth
which is the requirement of this debate ; nor
should I do otherwise than fail in justice to
the occasion if I did not declare my unhesitat-
ing conviction, that, had the President been so
inspired as to bestow upon the protection of
{Southern Unionists, white and black, one half
bay, sir, one quarter of the time, money, zeal,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 20.
will, personal attention, personal effort, and
personal intercession, which he has bestowed
on his attempt to obtain half an island in the
Caribbean Sea, our Southern Ku Klux would
have existed in name only, while tranquillity
reigned everywhere within our borders.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts will suspend. The Chair
cannot consent that there shall be manifesta-
tions of approval or disapproval in the galle-
ries ; and he reprehends one as promptly as
the other. If they are repeated the Chair must
enforce the order of the Senate. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts will resume.
Mr. SUMNER. Another reason for retrac-
ing the false steps already taken will be found
in our duty to the African race, of whom there
are four millions within our borders, recog-
nized as equal before the law. To these new-
found fellow-citizens, once degraded and tram-
pled down, are we bound by every sentiment
of justice; nor can we see their race dishon-
ored anywhere, through our misconduct. IIow
vain are professions in their behalf, if we set
the example of outrage 1 ITow vain to expect
their sympathy and cooperation in tho support
of the National Government, if the President
by his own mere will, and in the plenitude of
kingly prerogative, can strike at the independ-
ence of the Black Republic, and degrade it in
the family of nations! All this is a thousand
times wrong. It is a thousand times impolitic
also, for it teaches the African race that they
are only victims for sacrifice.
Now, sir, as I desire tho suppression of the
Ku Klux, wherever it shows itself, and as I
seek the elevation of the African race, I insist
that the presidential scheme, which installs a
new form of Ku Klux on the coasts of St.
Domingo, and which at the same time insults
the African race, represented in tho Black He-
public, shall be arrested. I speak now against
that Ku Klux on the coast of St. Domingo of
which the President is the head, and I speak
also for the African race which the President
has trampled down. Is there any Senator in
earnest against the Ku Klux? Let him arrest
it on the coasts of St. Domingo. Is there any
Senator ready at all times to seek tho elevation
of the African race? Here is the occasion for
his best efforts.
On the question of acquisition I say noth-
ing to day, only alluding to certain points
involved. Sometimes it is insisted that emi-
grants will hurry in large numbers to this
tropical island when once annexed, and thus
swell its means; but this allegation forgets
that, according to the testimony of history,
peaceful emigration travels with the sun on
parallels of latitude, and not on parallels of
longitude, mainly following the isothermal
line and not turning off at right angles, whether
North or South. Sometimes it is insisted that
it will be better for the people of this island if
annexed to our Republic ; but this allegation
forgets the transcendent question, whether it
is better for them, better for the African race,
better for civilization, that the Black Republic
should be absorbed out of sight, instead of
being lostered into a successful example of
self-goverument for the redemption of the
race, not only on the Caribbean islands, but
on the continent of Africa. Then, again, arises
that other question, whether we will assume
the bloody hazards involved in this business,
as it has been pursued, with the alternative of
expenditures for war-ships and troops, caus-
ing most painful anxieties, while the land of
Toussaint L'Ouverture listens to the constant
whisper of independence. And there is still
that other question of debts and obligations,
acknowledged and unacknowledged, with an
immense claim by Hayti and an unsettled
boundary which I have already called a bloody
lawsuit.
Over all is that other question whether we
will begin a system, which, first fastening upon'
Dominica, must, according to the admission
of the plenipotentiary Fabens made to myself,
next take Hayti, and then iu succession tho
whole tropical groupe of the Caribbean sea,
so that we are now to determine if all the
Islands of the West Indies shall be a compo-
nent part of our Republic, helping to govern us,
while the African race is dispossessed of its
natural home in this hemisphere. Noquestion,
equal in magnitude, unless it be that of Slavery,
has arisen since the days of Washington.
These questions I-state only. Meanwhile to
my mind there is something better than bel-
ligerent intervention and-acts of .war with the
meuace of absorption at untold cost'of treas-
ure. It is a sincere and humane effort on our
part, in the spirit of peace, to reconcile Hayti
and Dominica, and to establish tranquillity
throughout the island. Let this be attempted
and our Republic will become an example,
worthy of its name and of the civilization
which it represents," while Republican Instit
tutions have new glory. The blessings of good
men will attend such an effort; nor can the
smile of Heaven be wanting.
And may we not justly expect the"President
to unite in such a measure of peuce and good-
will? He that ruletli his spirit is greater than
he that taketh a city, and so the President,
ruling his spirit in subjection to the humane
principles of International Law and the-Con-
stitution of his country, will be greater than
if he had taken all tho islands of the sea.
Mr. MORTON. Air. President, theSenator,
in conclusion, says that he did not intend in his
speech to argue the question of acquisition.
It' it was not bis purpose to argue the propriety
of annexing Domiuica, 1 would inquire what
was the object of this long, elaborate speech ?
The answer is for no other purpose than to
charge the President of the United States and
at least two members of his Cabinet with tho
commission of high crimes and misdemeanors.
He has presented a long and elaborate indict-
ment against the President, with many counts.
It would be impossible, without taking consid-
erable time, to attempt to follow him through
the great mass of details which he has presented
in his speech. 1 shall not attempt it, norjlo t
think it is necessary. 1 can say that the most
of it is not unfamiliar-to the Senate.
This speech, sir, is no surprise. Tho Sen-
ator told us last Friday that it was coming ;
and I will read from the Globe what he said,,:
"Now I am going to throw myself on tho indul-
gence of the Senate., X had hoped to address the
Senate on this question beforo tho last session of
Congress elosotl; but it may be known to my per-
sonal friends that I became unexpectedly ill, uuable
to appear in my placo or to take any part in public
business. Sineo then I have regained my health
slowly and not completely now."
Yes, Mr. President, we heard of this speech
at least eight weeks ago. It has been a long
time in preparation. The friends of the dis-
tinguished Senator were very free in stating
the character of this speech. I have no argu-
ment to make for or against the annexation
of San Domingo to day, or at this session.
When the commission was appointed to pro-
ceed to that island I agreed to suspend my
judgment until their report should be made.
My prepossessions had been strongly in favor
ot annexation. But there were many dis-
puted questions affirmed upon the one side
and denied upon the other, and it seemed to
be the opinion of Congress that the best way
to settle the question in Congress and in the
public mind was to send a -commission, com-
posed of able and distinguished gentlemen,
who should make their report to Congress and
the country upon the different questions con-
nected with the propriety of annexation.
I said, in the course of the debate on the
resolution providing for the appointment of that
commission that if that report was unfavor-
able I should drop the subject. I desired that
that report should go before Congress, and go
before the country, in order that the people of
this country might make up their opinion,upon
the subject, oneway oi the other, and in order
