SOB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
tion for the relief of certain officers of the
Army," approved July 26, 1866; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
william west.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a bill (H.
E. No. 305) for the relief of William West;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
execution of choctaw treaties.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
806) to carry into effect certain treaty stipu-
lations with the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
united states writs, etc.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 307) directing all writs and processes
issued from United States courts to be in the
name of "the people of the United States,"
and the forms of writs and pleadings, prac-
tice and procedure, in the several States to be
adopted in the courts of the United States held
■within the said States, respectively; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
equalization OS bounties.
Mr. NIBLACK presented a joint resolution
of the State of Indiana, m relation to the
equalization of bounties to soldiers and sea-
men of the war of the rebellion; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
land grants tor railroads.
Mr. NIBLACK also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the same State, in relation to grants of
public lands to railroad companies; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
homesteads.
. Mr. NIBLACK also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the same State, in reference to granting
homesteads to soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1861; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
john potts.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
308) for the relief of John Potts, chief clerk
of the War Department; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
james 0. p. burnside.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H.
H. No. 309) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to refund certain moneys to James
O. P. Burnside ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and, with the accompanying memo-
rial, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
survey jj'oit canal.
^r- king introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 43) providing for survey of route
for canal from the Mississippi river, near New
Orleans, to St. John's river, Florida, and the
Atlantic ocean; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
francis j. essig.
Mr. FINKBLNBURG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 310) granting a pension to the minor
children of Francis J. Essig, deceased ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
united states arsenal, dsarb0rn.
Mr. WALDRON presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan, asking from
Congress the grant of the United States arsenal
and grounds, at Dearborn, for a State arsenal
alSttmilitary purposes; wljich were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
construction of certain bridges.
Mr. COTTON introduced a bill (EL R. No.
311) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize the construction of certain bridges
and to establish them as post roads," approved
July 25, 1866; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
grant of lands to wisconsin.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
312) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of a breakwater, har-
bor, and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay,
in the county of Door, in said State, to connect
the waters of Green bay with Lake Michigan in
said State ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
anna annis.
Mr. SAWYER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 313) granting a pension to Anna Annis;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
methodist episcopal chorch.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
314) for the relief of the trustees of the Meth-
odist Episcopal church at Harper's Ferry, West
Y'rginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
abtjah dolly.
Mr. McGREW also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 315) for the relief of Abijah Dolly ; which
was read a first and second time, and with the
accompanying memorial referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
board oe education, bolivar township.
Mr. McGREW also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 316) for the relief of the board of edu-
cation of Bolivar township, Jefferson county,
West Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committse
of Claims.
nemaha valley railway.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 317)
granting lands to the Great Nemaha Valley,
Lincoln City, and Loupe Fork railway ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
territory of pembina.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 318) to establish the Territory of Pembina,
and to provide a temporary government there-
for ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order during this morning
hour is the call for resolutions, &c., to be pre-'
sented for consideration at the present time.
The call rests at the State of Vermont.
No resolutions being offered from the State
of Vermont, the State of Massachusetts was
called.
harbor of wareham, massachusetts.
Mr. BUFFINTON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Eetolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to cause to be made an examination and survey of
the harbor of Wareham, Massachusetts, with a view
to drcdginsr tho same and fitting it for a harbor of
refuge, and to report to this House upon the feasi-
bility and probable eost thereof.
order of business.
Mr. COX. Is this the call of States for res-
olutions ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. The State of New Hampshire has
not been called.
The SPEAKER. The State of New Hamp-
shire, which precedes on the list the State of
Vermont, where the call commenced to-day,
was called on the last day that States were
called for resolutions.
Mr. COX. The gentlemen from New Hamp-
shire had not then arrived. They ought to have
a chance. And my recollection is that the State
of New Hampshire was not reached on the last
call.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is that the State of New Hampshire was
reached. That is also the recollection of the
Clerk. Does the gentleman remember whether
the New Hampshire members were sworn ia
before Monday last ?
Mr. COX. They were not sworn in on Mon-
day, but I refer to the call on Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is quite confi-
dent that the State of New Hampshire was
called on last Monday.
Mr. HOLMAN. It occurred in this way.
The State of Maine was under call the last
thing, and just as the Chair called the State of
New Hampshire something else at that very
moment intervened, and no action could have
been had by any member from New Hampshire
if there had been any members here from that
State.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hibbard] was here at my seat wait-
ing to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair of course de-
sires to construe the rule with liberality to each
State, and will therefore call the State of New
Hampshire, although his recollection is that
the State was called on Monday last. Resolu-
tions are in order from the State of New
Hampshire.
tariff and revenue reform.
Mr. HIBBARD. I offer the following res-
olutions, upon which I call the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, first. That the financial policy which aim3
merely at a rapid extinguishment of the public debt
by perpetuating the burdens of taxation is inexpe-
dient and impolitic; and that the faith and credit
of the Government depend on the development of
the resources of the country and their relief from
inordinate taxation.
Second, That economy requires'that the annual
taxation should not exceed $250,000,000, including
interest, and 825,000,000 principal of the public debt.
Third, That the tariff should be so reformed as to
be a tax for revenuo only, and not for the protection
of olass interests at the general expense.
Fourth. That in case this session adjourns without
tie appointment of tho Ways and Means Committee
a special committee of seven be appointed to con-
sider and report upon the reform of the revenue, and
also report such bill or bills as will embody a revenue
tariff without discriminating in favor of particular
interests: and in ease said Committee of Ways and
Means be appointed at this session, that then said
Committee of Ways and Means shall perform tke
duties required by this resolution.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I wish to say to
the House that if the previous question be not
seconded I will move to refer the resolutions
to the Committee of Ways and Means when
appointed.
Mr. COX. I call for a division of the reso-
lutions.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the divis-
ion is not in order until the House determines
whether it will second the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The question was put upon seconding tho
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 56, noes 80.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hibbard, and
Mr. Blair of Michigan, were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN, Is it in order to move to
lay the resolutions on the table, so as to test
the sense of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending this
division.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 52, noes 83.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that the
