70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 28,
Ho. o? Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shellctbarger.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
liabilities of persons in the States, as between
these persons and the States, are directly pro-
vided for. Congress has by legislation affirm-
atively interfered to protect or to subject such
persons. In the case of the two clauses in
relation to fugitive slaves and fugitives from
justice, by a law passed early in the morning
of the iiepnblic's life, four years after the
Constitution was adopted, on 12th February,
1793, the Congress "enforced" the require-
ments by prescribing the methods of such
enforcement. In the other case also (see 6
United States Statutes-at-Large, 645) Congress
passed a law, in admitting Missouri, enacting
that the constitution of Missouri should "never
be construed to authorize the passage of any
law, and no law shall ever be passed in con-
formity thereto, by which any citizen of either
of the States of the Union shall be excluded
from the enjoyment of privileges or immunities
to which such citizens are entitled under the
Constitution of the United States."
Here is an express, direct law of Congress,
enacting, in so many words, that Missouri
should '' never pass'' any law by which any citi-
zen of the Union should be excluded from any
ofhis privileges 1 And yet we are told that, even
with the new provisions of the new amend-
ments, we cannot protect the privileges of
United States citizens in the States, even as
this bill does indirectly, though in 1821 Con-
gress could do it directly, and that even by
legislating out of existence part of the Missouri
constitution!
Thus, Mr. Speaker, by the unquestioned
judgmsnt of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and by the whole legislative and judi-
cial history of the Republic, I make out abso-
lutely, completely, and forever, the major pre-
mise of my reply. I repeat that premise, that
it is the duty of Congress to enforce by ap-
propriate legislation every provision of the
Constitution where legislation is needed to
secure the enforcement. My second proposi-
tion is that these three are each provisions of
the Constitution; first, all persons born or
naturalized in the United States, &c., are citi-
zens of'the [Jnit&d States; second, that no
State shall make or enforce any law abridging
their privileges and immunities; third, that
such States may not deny them equal protec-
tion of the laws.
And my conclusion from these is that Con-
gress may, by legislation, "appropriate," "en-
f'oice," to use the Supreme Court's own word in
Jones vs. Van Zatidl, which is also the word of
the fifth section of the fourteenth amendment,
these "privileges and immunities," sobythese
"provisions" to be protected, and hence, and
lastly, may pass this bill, which surely is " ap-
propriate" within the sense of that "wide
discretion " which, as stated by uniform author-
ity, (1 Story on Constitution, sec. 432,) Con-
gress has in the choice of measures for enforc-
ing its powers. But to this it is said in reply
this " spurges out the Stales." I reply again,
no. As to the citizenship of the States, as
distinguished from the United States, for both
are named in first section of the fourteenth
amendment, wherein the rights are different,
the States rule ; wherein they are identical the
powers for protection are concurrent in both
governments; but in case of conflict the Uni-
ted States laws are supreme. And, sir, this
is no new doctrine. I bring the whole subject
and state of our decision back to our minds
by a single extract from Moore vs. Illinois, (14
Howard, 20:)
"This court has decided in the case of Fox vs. Ohio
taut_a State may punish tho offense of uttering or
I-assiu* faUe coin as a cheat or fraud on its citizens ;
ftml in the case of the United States vs. M.irigold,
{'/Howard, 4o2,i that the United States may punish
the ;;i !:ic ;tx-t as ;;n offense against the United States."
And as in the case of uttering counterfeit
coin of the United States both Governments
may punish it, so here the constitutional amend-
ments have brought within the benign protec-
tion of the Constitution of the United States
these "fundamental" rights of American citi-
zenship, and Congress can protect them and
so can the States so far as they are identical.
What is your answer to that ? Why is not the
analogy complete ; why is it not unanswerable ?
Where is the provision in the Constitution of
the United States which gave to the States the
power of punishing the uttering of counterfeit
coin of the United States? Where is the pro-
vision that gave to the United States the power
of punishing the uttering of counterfeit coin
of the United States? Neither is to be found,
and yet by construction, by implication, both
exist.
I shall only allude to a single additional line
of legislation and adjudication upon a clause
of the Constitution closely analogous, in the
respects we are now considering, to this four-
teenth amendment. I want to call now par-
ticular attention to the exact words of the
clause of the Constitution to which I allude.
It is found in the last clause of the second
sectioa of the fourth article of the Constitu-
tion :
"No person held to service or labor in one State,
undor the laws thereof, escaping into another, shafl,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from sues service or labor, but shall be
delivered up on eiaim of the party to whom such
service or labor may bo due,"
Now, notice that this provision is in restraint
of the power of the States, just as the first
section of the fourteenth amendment is in its
last three clauses:
"No State shall make or enforce any law whioh
shall abridge tho privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
It is a prohibition upon States, a withhold-
ing of power from the States. So also exactly
is this clause, that—
"No person held to service or labor in one State,
under tho laws thereof, escaping into another shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged."
No express power is given to Congress to
return or make lawa for the return of the fugi-
tive. There is no express grant of power what-
ever found in the clause ; merely a negation
upon the power of the States, and an abstract
statement that the fugitive shall be delivered
upon claim, but by whom or on what law is
wholly unstated.
And yet every gentleman is entirely familiar
with the history of legislation in regard to this
clause of the Constitution. Why, sir, under
it you began, at the very beginning of your
Government, away back in 1793, and made an
action of debt maintainable in the courts of
the United States, carrying out this negative
provision of the Constitution. You went on
afterward, in 1850, and legislated a criminal
code; you made the harboring of a slave, you
made the refusal to return the slave, you made
any resistance to an officer in the execution of
United States process, you made ail these
criminal and indictable in the courts of the
United States, and all in enforcement of a pro-
vision purely negative as to the States, saying
their laws should not discharge the slave.
You did more ; you gave the civil action of
debt for the loss of the slave. You did every-
thing that is done by this bill or by any other
bill that has been proposed in either House of
Congress, so far as I know. And yet that
legislation,^ though I admit not approved by a
large portion of the people of this country,
stood for fifty years. It has stood affirmed,
from Prigg vs. Pennsylvania down through
the years, in every State of the Union except
one; affirmed in every court of the United
States; affirmed that upon that mere negation
upon the power of the States it was the right
of Congress to enforce its provisions by affirm-
ative law, both civil and criminal, in its rem-
edies.
And shall it be tolerated by a free people
now, that when this line of decisions, thus
unquestioned, and which stood as the law of
the land during all those years in which that
goblin, human slavery, chased us through our
legislative and judicial history, until it went
down in that sea of blood which it demanded
as its last great libation : shall it be endured now
that those decisions which were invoked and
sustained in favor of bondage shall be stricken
down when first called upon and invoked in
behalf of human rights and American citizen-
ship? No, Mr. Speaker, no; I appeal to them
as fixing the interpretation of the Constitution
in this regard and as authorizing affirmative
legislation in protection of the rights of citi-
zenship under Federal law, since now these
rights of citizenship are brought by the four-
teenth amendment, under the care of the Con-
stitution itself, as to all citizens, just as the old
Constitution, protected sueh of them as went
from one State to another, by the clause as to
their rights in the several States, and under
which Congress passed the law in ease of
Missouri I have cited.
I must not, therefore, be told, as an answer
to my argument, that there is no legislation
executing those other provisions of the Consti-
tution denying powers to the States, as, for
example, those providing that no State shall
make any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts or make treaties, and all those similar
prohibitions. The fact that there has been
no legislation upon those subjects,'as I have
already said, is simply because there has been
no need of any. The decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, striking down the
State laws which attempted to invade those
provisions of the Constitution, ended the State
legislation. But that would not do where
personal rights were invaded by the States.
Hence Congress has never hesitated to pro-
vide the necessary affirmative legislation to
enforce the personal rights which the Con-
stitution guaranties, as between persons in
the State and the State itself. There is the
distinction. In my mind our legislative and
judicial history renders our position wholly
impregaable. So long as your Constitution
continues to guaranty the rights of American
citizenship, so long you can "by law," to
adopt the language of the fifth section of the
fourteenth amendment, enforce these rights
of American citizenship.
Here, gentlemen, I leave the first and the
second sections of this bill. It does seem to me
in all fairness—and in discussing this question
I desire to rise above the partisan and to get
if possible upon that sublimer plane on which
the statesman is supposed to act when he is
legislating for a great country—in all candor,
it seems to me that there is no answer to the
position I have taken. I shall listen for an
answer with patience and respect, and with the
determination, if I discover myself to be in the
wrong, to retreat from the wrong speedily.
_ Mr. Speaker, I now come to the third sec-
tion. _ I will read it, so that I may get before
the minds of those who listen to me the exact
words, which are material to comprehend the
legal propositions which I desire to submit.
The section provides—
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in any
State shall so far obstruct or hinder the execution
of the laws thereof as to deprive any portion or class
of the people of such State of any of the rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities named in and secured by this
act, and the constituted authorities of sueh State—
Notice these words—
and the constituted authorities of such State shall
either be unable to, or shall, from any cause, fail ia
or refuse protection of the people in sueh rights,
and—
This also must happen—
and shall fail or neglect, through the proper author-
ities, to apply to the President of the United States
for aid iii that behalf, such facts shall be dtsemed a
