1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
42d Cong.... 1st Bess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
powers expressly granted by the people to their
Gc vernment. It has been said that these powers
ought to be construed strictly. But why ought they
to he so construed? Is there one sentence in the
Constitution which gives countenance to this rule?
In the last of the enumerated powers, that which
srr.jnts expressly the means for carrying all others
iot5 execution, Congress is allowed to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for that pur-
pose."
Considering the whole of article four, sec-
tion four, together, I do not hesitate to say that
a fair construction of it will authorize the Gov-
ernment to intervene in a State to suppress
domestic violence where the State authorities
cannot or, through complicity, will not apply
for such intervention. The mandate to guar-
anty to each State a republican form of govern-
ment, and to protectit, on application, against
domestic violence, will authorize such protec-
tion without the application where the neces-
sity arises, although the State authorities will-
fully refuse to apply for aid, and plainly intend
to allow one half "the people to destroy the
other haif.
If to this be added the argument drawn from
the fourteenth amendment, so eloquently put
by the chairman of the committee in opening
this discussion, I am sure there cannot be lett
much doubt upon this question.
And here again I must correct the gen-
tleman from Indiana. In his carefully pre-
pared and generally very candid speech he
says:
"The last provision in section one of the four-
teenth amendment is this:
"'Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws.'
" I do not need further to refer to this provision
than to say that it manifestly involves no grant of
power. It is simply declaratory of the preexisting
law of the country, the preexisting, fundamental,
constitutional law declared by a.ll the courts and
tribunals of the entire country."
If it be admitted that " the clause is simply
declaratory," it does not follow that it con-
tains no grant of power. Magna Charta con-
tains nothing that was not law before. Its
object was to give effect to the law, to cause
it to be observed. So in this instance, the
declaration was made to put the enforcement
of this universally recognized rule under the
especial guardianship of the United States,
to confer upon Congress the power and to lay
upon it the duty of carrying into practical effect
by legislation this beneficent maxim of the law.
It will prove one of the greatest safeguards in
the whole instrument.
These remarks apply to the third and fourth
sections of the bill, which constitute, in fact, the
gravamen of the whole measure. The fourth
section also defines what acts of disorder and
violence in a State, or part of a State, shall
constitute a rebellion againstthe United States.
This is done in strict accordance with the pre-
cedents. There can be no doubt that when
armed unlawful combinations are so numerous
and powerful as to be able by violence to over-
throw or set at defiance the authorities such
combinations may be treated as a rebellion,
and are in fact rebellion.
The act of 1792, "to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions," enacts that—
" Whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed in any
State by combinations too powerful to besuppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, it
shall be lawful for the President to call forth the
militia."
The proclamation of President George Wash-
ington of August 7, 1794, calling forth the
militia to suppress the whisky insurrection in
western Pennsylvania, recites at great length
the several insurrectionary acts which have
occasioned it, and fully sustains the view the
committee has taken in this fourth section.
The bill does not attempt to make that rebel-
lion which under the constitutional interpreta-
tion of the word would not be rebellion, but
only to recite the facts which constitute that
interpretation.
The second section is an attempt merely to
add definiteness to the existing sixth section
of the enforcement act, to which I have pre-
viously referred, and not to create a new class
of offenses. Whether it is successful in accom-
plishing this I am not certain, and hope we
may improve upon it before we are done with
the bill.
And now, sir, as to the general scope and
tendency of this measure. Ithas for its object
the securing to the people of the several States
the rights, privileges, and immunities which
pertain to them as citizens of the United States
under its Constitution and laws. These rights,
privileges, and immunities are recited in—I do
not think they were created by—the first sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution. They are fundamental in
all just, free government, and it is impossible
for us to stand by and permit them to be vio-
lated or denied. We cannot indulge much in
constitutional hair-splitting while citizens of
the United States are denied the right to live.
It will not do to be over particular as to the
matter of whose duty it is to protect the citi-
zens against armed bands of assassins wbo will
not wait for our decisions. It ought to be the
duty of both the State and the nation to do
this ; and if the State will not, the nation must.
It is said that these are great and dangerous
powers with which this bill proposes to invest
the President, and no doubt they are. But
they are necessary to the public safety, and
can you point us to any more safe repository
for these powers ? By his great office, and by
his character and responsibility as the repre-
sentative of the executive power of the whole
people, he is especially fitted for this great pur-
pose. All power which rests in the discretion
of an individual is liable to abuse, but it does
not, therefore, follow that under no circum-
stances shall such power be conferred upon any
one. The necessities of government often com-
pel us to confer upon the executive head of the
Government, for the time being, the most ample
discretionary powers. It has rarely, if ever,
happened that the President of the United
States has abused the confidence of Congress
and the people in such a case, and I do not
anticipate it now.
On the contrary, I believe that the mere
granting of these powers to the President will
remove the necessity for their exercise. When
once it is known that Congress is in earnest in
its determination to annihilate the inhuman
gangs who, under their infernal shibboleth of
a "white man's government," bring all gov-
ernment into contempt, the Klans will dissolve
and order will be restored. If, however, it
shall happen otherwise, and the unlawful and
disorderly proceedings continue, I trust the
President will not hesitate to employ every
power conferred upou him by law to arrest
and punish these lawless conspirators. The
country will sustain him in this course, and the
well-being of the nation demands it. Let us
not hesitate to put down insurrection and vio-
lence with the strong hand.
And now, sir, in the brief space remaining
to me, I will proceed to reply to some small
portion of the remarks which fell from the elo-
quent gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beuk.]
I certainly was somewhat surprised at the
speech with which the gentleman aiuused us.
I think the House had generally looked to
him to consider carefully the sections of this
bill and to show us wherein it was chargeable
with the enormities which he so freely heaped
upon it. In denunciation the gentleman cer-
tainly met the highest expectations of the
House. But as regards the argument, for
myself, I failed to see the force of it, if indeed
it should be called an argument at all.
The gentleman was most agreeable to our
friends on the other side of the House when
he was ridiculing the proofs which had been
adduced showing that great disorders exist in
the South. And in the spirit of wholesale
denunciation he told us that whoever had not
been a member of the Reconstruction Com-
mittee had no adequate idea of the resources
of a liar. I cannot believe. Mr. Speaker, that
the Reconstruction Committee had nothing
before it but lies. That it may have had some
false testimony may not be wonderful. But it
would have been very wonderful if it had not
developed the truth in some respect. But the
gentleman was not willing to admit that any-
thing not entirely false had been put in evi-
dence before that committee in regard to the
situation at the South. He and his friends
seem entirely too anxious to disbelieve the
evidence to be fair and impartial judges.
No doubt, sir, there is some exaggeration
about the reports that come from the southern
country ; but the exaggeration would not exist
if there were no facts. If there were no dis-
orders, I submit to the House, it would be
wholly impossible to manufacture an excite-
ment. It may be natural for men to get ex-
cited in cases where there are great disorders
and to overstate them, to magnify their im-
portance to some extent, and mislead those
more or less who do not witness the occur-
rences. But this does not occur where there
is no foundation at all for what is alleged. In
fact, after having expended all his eloquence
in turning into ridicule the whole of the evi-
dence going to show the lynchings and murder
in the South, the gentleman from Kentucky,
compelled by a seeming regard for truth,
turned round and admitted that there were
disorders and outrages there. And then he
told us that he would be as ready as any gen-
tleman to punish them in the most severe man-
ner. Ah, sir, we have had an abundance  f
that. From the time the rebellion began, down
to this very hour, Congress, and the country
also, have been full of these patriots who are
exceedingly ready to put down lawlessness
and rebellion, but never can find the power.
Their republicanism is of the " Bed" sort, that
relies upon terror and assassination as only a
legitimate exercise, after all, of the popular
will. There is no mistaking the difference be-
tween them and us in this respect. We appeal
to the law, and they to force. We respect the
rights of all men, they only of those who agree
with them.
They will always doubt the evidence that
organized lawlessness exists; and when proved
they will point you to the Constitution and tell
you that, however much they regret it, they
are totally unable to find the power to remedy
the evil.
The argument is old and threadbare, and I
was astonished to find the gentleman bringing
it here again. But after a little the gentleman
from Kentucky abandoned wholly the subject
of this bill and entered upon an indictment of
the Republican party generally, and particu-
larly of the high-tariff people. And he found
here, to the amazement, I think, of everybody,
the whole key to this bill, and not only to this
bill, but to all the bills that we have been pass-
ing all along for years past. He asserted that
because certain gentlemen would not vote for
pig iron and for my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] generally on the tariff, they
were hunted out of Congress for having sold
cadetships and the like. But I wonder at the
fatuity of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who in fact had nothing to do with it, that he
should have sent, as we all remember was the
fact, those persons who were to be so punished
and expelled from Congress before a com-
mittee, whose chairman was Hon. Johjt A.
Logan, now in the Senate, who, if I am not
mistaken, is not a very high protectionist, or
indeed any sort of a protectionist.
