1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
So that the resolution will read:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent res-
olution for a. joint committee ofinvestigationinto the
condition of the States lately in insurrection, and
the resolution now pending, instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that
will enable tile President and the courts of the Uni-
ted States to execute the laws in said States, and
thercpoit that may be made by the Committee on
the J udieiary on that subject, and any bill that may
be sent to the Senate from the House of Representa-
tives on the same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The question is
on proceeding to the consideration of this
amendment of the restrictive rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. This merely enlarges the
rule, so that we may consider not only any bill
upon the subject of the condition of the South
that may be reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, but any bill that the House of
Representatives may send us upon the same
subject. That is the whole scope of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Thei'e can be no neces-
sity in the world for that resolution, unless it
is intended to take up any bill that may come
from the House of Representatives and put it
through the Senate without a reference to a
committee. It would be no violation of the
order already adopted to refer a bill that should
come from the House to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and the Judiciary Committee could
report on that bill, and then, by the very terms
of the order adopted by the Senate, the report
of the committee would be the subject of con-
sideration in the Senate ; so that the whole
object of that amendment of the order is to
take up a House bill and put it through here
without its ever being considered in committee.
There can be no other purpose for any such
amendment.
Now, sir, I am opposed to any such thing.
Here, on one of the gravest questions of legis-
lation that can come before Congress, involv-
ing an inquiry into the constitutional powers
of the Government, and not only that, but an
inquiry into the policy of the Government in
order to bring about the reign of law, and
order, and peace, upon so great a subject as
this, we have a proposition here the object of
which must be, if it has any object at all, to
put through the Senate, without any consid-
eration or investigation by a committee, any
bill that may come from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. CONKLING. How would it be in
order to refer it under the rule? Because it
relates to one of the subjects mentioned in the
rule ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly it does. It
relates to that subject. It can be referred to
the Judiciary Committee, and when the Judi-
ciary Committee shall report upon it, then, by
the very terms of the order, that is a matter
for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. If a bill comes to us from the House
of Representatives on this subject, it cannot
be referred, under our rule, to any committee.
I ask the Chair if that is not so.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not read the rule
at all iu that way.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us have the opinion
of the Chair upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask to have it reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule and then will state the construc-
tion he has already given to it on previous
matters not involving any question in dispute.
The rule is as follows:
"Resolved, That the Senate wiU consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent res-
olution for a joint committee of investigation into
the condition of the States lately in insurrection,
and the resolution now pending instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that
will enable the President and the courts ot the Uni-
ted States to execute the laws in said States, and
tlio report that may be made by the Committee on
the Judiciary on that subject."
The Chair will stats that under the construc-
tion the Chair placed upon this resolution when
the joint resolution came from the House of
Representatives, giving the consent of Con-
gress to Professor Henry to accept the title
and the regalia of a royal Norwegian order,
the Chair stated, although the Senator from
California [Mr. Cassekly] objected to it upon
its merits, that under the rule adopted by the
Senate it could not be referred to a committee,
nor could it be considered in the Senate, be-
cause it was not included within these four
exceptions.
Mr. THURMAN. I agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No doubt the
Senator from Ohio would agree to that, and if
he will examine the text of the resolution he
will agree with the Chair in the other ruling,
that when it excludes positively all propositions
and their consideration, except the deficiency
bill, the resolution for a joint committee of
investigation, the resolution now pending in
the Senate instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report a bill or bills and the
report that may be made by the Senate com-
mittee on that subject, it does not include the
reference of any House bill on Ihe subject,
because it is not included in those four excep-
tions. That is the ruling that the Chair made
some days since, and he thinks there is no
question of its correctness.
Mr. THURMAN. With very great respect
for the Chair, and on questions relating to the
rules with absolute deference to the opinion
of the Chair, I must say that that is not my
reading of that order. What is it that the
order authorizes us to consider? Any report
of the Judiciary Committee upon "that sub-
ject.-" What is the " subject?" On the sub
ject, not of the particular resolution offered by
my colleague, but on the subject of the alleged
southern outrages; and if a bill comes from
the House upon that subject it may be referred
to that committee and may be reported upon,
as it seems to me. But if the contrary is the
ruling of the Chair and the opinion of the Sen-
ate, let this resolution be amended so that it
may read that such bills may be referred to
the Judiciary Committee and the report be
considered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am perfectly satisfied
with that.
Mr. THURMAN. What I desire to secure
is this: that you shall not take up one of these
bills and hold a caucus upon it, instead of its
being considered by a committee, and put it
through here by the dictates of a caucus,'and
not by the determination of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. A caucus would have
no effect.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
it would or not, from the specimens we have
seen of caucus-holding lately. The bottom
has so nearly fallen out of caucus several times
that I am not quite as much alarmed at caucus
now as I have been; but still, in the end cau-
cus triumphs I find. Though it has great
trouble and tribulation, yet, in the end, it tri-
umphs, I find, even in the Senate of^he United
States. Upon such a subject as this, which
every man admits to be of the utmost import-
ance in every point of view in which you can
consider it, and which ought to be considered
with the most elevated feelings of patriotism—
upon such a question as this I do insist that
there shall not be any gag imposed upon the
Senate by taking up a bill that comes from
the House of Representatives and, without
any investigation whatsoever by a committee,
forcing that bill through the Senate. I there-
fore ask my friend to amend his resolution so
that the bill, whatever it may be, that shall
come from the House of Representatives shall
go to a committee, and that the report of the
committee upon it may then be considered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not learned in the
Democratic caucuses, and I am not iu the
habit of telling what takes place in our own ;
but I can say what does not take place. I
have been in this body for twelve years, and
during that time I have always attended the
Republican caucus and have always stood by
its decisions, and never did I know any meas-
ure to be submitted to a Republican caucus,
and never did I know any attempt to bind the
party upon any measure. I presume that an
attempt to hold a caucus upon a measure like
this, with a view of binding those who partici-
pate m it to vote one way or the other, could
not receive the countenance of ten members
of the Republican party. Itis customary with
us, as it is with other parties, to meet and dis-
cuss a measure and to see if we can agree upon
anything, to see if a measure can be so modi-
fied that it will meet the approbation of a
majority of the body and a majority of the
Senate, but never to bind anybody upon it.
The Senator from Ohio must see that the
object which he has of referring any bill that
may come from the House of Representatives
to the Judiciary Committee, or to any other
committee, (for it does not follow that it will
go to the Judiciary Committee; it may go to
the select committee of which the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is chairman,)
can only be accomplished by passing my reso1
lution, and 1 for one have no desire that a
bill should be passed without a reference to a
committee, and everybody here knows that it
is impossible to pass a bill in the Senate with-
out full and thorough discussion. The attempt
would be futile, and would be discreditable to
any organization that should undertake it, and
I would be a party to no such arrangement.
The only object of this amendment which I
have offered is in the direction of the prompt
transaction of that business which we are re-
maining here to consider. I know very well
that my friend from Ohio does not think we
ought to take up this matter at all Perhaps
we ought not to do so; but it is perfectly well
settled that we are going to do it; and now I
desire—and I hope a majority of the Senate
will agree with me in the desire—that it shall
be transacted as promptly as is consistent with
its full, thorough, and proper discussion. That
is the object of this resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am
every day reminded of the old adage that one
is never too old to learn ; and I have just now
learned a fact that I never should have sus-
pected unless it was vouched for by such high
authority as the Senator from Rhode Island, and
that is,, that in the Republican caucuses nobody
is ever bound to the support of any measure.
Really, when I recollected how the majority sat
here for nineteen hours on the enforcement
bill, without ever speaking one word, and voted
just as steadily as ever troops maneuvered in
the field, and when I remembered precisely the
same thing on the naturalization bill, it did
seem to me that members sitting in caucus
did sometimes bind each other to the support
of particular measures. I am delighted, how-
ever, to learn that it is not so. I know that in
the old time it would have been considered an
insult to a Senator to attempt to bind him to
support a measure that he considered uncon-
stitutional or that his sound judgment taught
him was impolitic; and I am delighted to hear
that that is still the rule. I should never have
suspected it, however, from what I have seen
here.
The Senator says that he has no disposi-
tion whatsoever to prevent any bill that may
come from the House of Representatives being
referred to a committee and thoroughly dis'
cussed. If that is the case, there can be no ob-
jection to so amending his resolution that the
bill must take that course, and then nobody
will object to it.
One word more, and I have done, sir. The
Senator says that he supposes I do not wish
any investigation on this subject at this session.
Mr. ANTHONY. "Legislation," I said.
Mr. THURMAN. Any legislation on this
subject at this session. Why, sir, I say to him
that there is no member here who would be
more pleased to see the question of our con-
stitutional power on this subject, and after
