312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
March 28,
determining that gee the question of the policy
of any measure that shall be proposed, fairly,
intelligently, uprightly investigated in this body
than would I, and I ana willing to sit here until
June, if necessary, that there should be such
a fair investigation.
I believe that at this very moment our Con-
stitution is on trial more severely than it ever
has been. I believe that the question of our
institutions is on trial this day, or will be when
the House of Representatives shall assemble
and a certain report shall be there made. Our
Constitution then will be put upon the severest
trial it ever has undergone ; and I, for one,
■would be glad to see the intellect and the
patriotism of this Senate engaged in a thor-
ough, careful, impartial, conscientious inquiry
into the extent of our powers, the meauing of
our Constitution, and the jurisdiction that we
have over this subject. But I do not want,
Mr. President, this question to be determined
in a day in order that we may adjourn and run
off home a little the sooner for our own per-
sonal convenience. No, sir; if this question
is to be considered—the greatest question that
has been presented to Congress, I undertake
to say, since there was such a thing as a Con-
gress of the United States—let us consider it
fully, if we have to sit here till June to con-
Bid er it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution as I have
proposed to amend it puts a bill that may come
here from the House of Representatives on this
subject upon the same footing with every other
bill. It will go to a committee, as a matter of
course, unless the Senate shall otherwise order,
and the Senate can otherwise order by a bare
majority, whether it passes this amendment or
not; but unless this amendment is passed it
cannot be referred or taken up at all, except
by unanimous consent. I desire to take it out
of the exclusion of the order, and to leave it
precisely upon the footing with any other busi-
ness ; and so it is by this amendment. I hope
it will pass as I have offered it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has modified it, as he supposed the Senator
from Rhode Island would consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir. I said I had
no objection to its being referred, but I do
not wish to pas3 a resolution that a bill which
has not reached us and which may not reach
as, and of the character of which we have no
information, shall be referred to a particular
committee. We may desire to refer it to the
committee of which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is chairman, the special committee
on this subject, although it seems to me the
Committee on the Judiciary would be the
?roper committee, and, as at present advised,
would so vote ; but I am not willing to pass
an order that a bill which has not yet come to
n« from the House of Representatives, and
which may not come at all, shall go to a par-
ticular committee.
Mr. BAYARD. Why, then, refer in the res-
olution to such a measure at all, the existence
of which is so doubtful ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Because the same busi-
ness is referred to in the order ; but the busi-
ness is referred to in the order in only one
way. It may come before us in other ways;
and I should be quite willing to modify it still
farther and say " any bills offered by Senators
on this subject." Of course I should wish
them referred, as well as the House bill, if
any should come to us, to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
There is no cat at all under this meal, and I
think my friend from Ohio is quite too sus-
picious. I can account for it, perhaps, by
the singular delusion under which he labors,
that our caucuses are held for the purpose of
agreeing upon measures, and that thetwodaya
on which we sat out two bills, and during
"which we remained silent entranced by the
eloquence on the other side so that we really
could not open our moulhs omselves, were
owing to a decision of a caucus 1 While I shall
never disclose, I trust, what did take place in
a caucus, there can be no harm in saying that no
such vote was ever passed in a caucus at which I
was present. It is a very common thing—and
I intend to do it myself pretty soon if the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]_ will give me
his permission ; I should not do it without his
consent, and he is in charge of his own resolu-
tion—it is a very common thing for Senators
to go around and ask a quorum of the Senate
if they will stay here until a certain measure
passes. I shall expect to get the consent of
my friends on the other side when I propose
that the resolution of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] shall be disposed of some day.
Mr. THURMAN. It has been so much our
habit to stay here and make a quorum for you
that it will take us a long while to get out of
it, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island that
the question is on the motion to proceed to
the consideration of his amendment to the
restrictive rule, and debate has gone beyond
the limit allowed by the eleventh rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Chair allow me,
as the Senator from Ohio has alluded to the
minority staying here to form a quorum 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. On that subject I can
say, what I am very happy to state here, that
I think in all our deliberations of last session,
in the long sittings we had, in the difficulty of
making a quorum, the minority rendered their
full duty, and sometimes when, I am sorry to
say, we did not on our side; I mean in staying
here, not in the way they voted when they
stayed. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island. If agreed to, the proposition will then
be open for debate on its merits.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is debate in order on
the merits now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated to the Senator from Rhode Island, as
he did not desire to state to the Senator from
Ohio, who wa3 explaining the intent and mean-
ing of this amendment, that under the eleventh
rule debate on this motion is restricted and
cannot be on the merits of the proposition pro-
posed to be considered. The motion now is
to proceed to its consideration. After it shall
be taken up it will be open to debate and to
amendment. The question now is on the
motion of the Senator from Rhode Island, to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
proposed by him amendatory of the resolution
prescribing the order of business for this
session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
California proceeds I ask unanimous consent
of the SenSte to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Finance, merely that it be printed
and laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is legislative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but I ask unani-
mous consent to have it done. I do not ask
any action on the bill at this moment, but
simply that it belaid on the table and printed.
I may hereafter ask unanimous consent for its
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio ask that the bill be printed and
recommitted?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; simply that it
be printed and laid on the table.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 182)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to de-
termine the material, devices, &c., of stamps
required by the Saws relating to internal rev-
enue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to this bill being now reported from the
Committee on Finance?
Mr. CONKLING. For the time being I
object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary now
t'o report the resolution as it will stand if
amended as proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The Chief Clekk. The resolution agreed
to on the 22d instant, if amended as now pro-
posed, will read:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent res-
olution for a joint committee of investigation into
the condition of the States lately in insurrection,
and the resolution now pending instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that
will enable the President and the courts of the Uni-
ted States to execute the laws in said States, and
the report that may be made by the Committee on
the Judiciary on that subject, and any bill that may
be sent to the Senate from the House of Representative*
upon the same subject.
[The amendment proposed is the addition
of the words printed in italics.]
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield to the Senator from
Ohio?
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator has an
amendment, certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend at the
end of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island by adding these words:
"after the same shall have been referred to a
committee and reported upon."
Mr. SHERMAN. I for one would never,
under any circumstances, ¥ote for the amend-
ment of my colleague. I never would confess
that the Senate of the United States is not able
to pass a bill until after it is referred to a com-
mittee. That is the substance of it. It is
substantially a declaration that a committee of
this body is wiser than the Senate itself, and
that we will not act upon any bill until a com-
mittee report it to us.
Mr. THURMAN. What are committees for?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are for the purpose
of giving us information.- The committees are
subordinate elements of this body. They are
for the purpose of inquiring and collecting
facts and giving us their opinion, as well as
information. The opinions of committees are
entitled to great weight; and there is no com-
mittee of this body entitled to more weight
than the Committee on the Judiciary. But
suppose it should so happen that they cannot
agree, must we therefore say that we shall not
pass a bill which our consciences convince us
that it is necessary to pass, merely because they
may by possibility be unable to agree?
Why, sir, the whole object is accomplished
already. The Committee on the Judiciary are
charged now, at this moment, with this very
subject. I suppose they are meeting every day,
or considering this matter day by day, and that
within a day probably, after a week's incuba-
tion, they will be able to give us a bill and not
await the long action of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I presume, as a matter of course,
every member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has read everything that will be contained
in any of these bills, and thought over it, made
up his mind whether it is constitutional or not,
whether it is necessary or not; and at all events
since the passage of the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island, that sub-
ject was expressly referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary is informed by that resolution that we
shall await their action on the pending resolu-
tion ; we will not act on it until they report to
us a bill. While I am perfectly willing to wait
a long time on the Committee on the Judiciary,
I am not willing to say beforehand that we will
not pass any bill that is not sent to us by the
House of Representatives unless our Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will report it back to
us. That would be putting us in a very absurd
position.
