187.1.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
313
I have no doubt that if a bill comes to us
from the House of Representatives, as I hope
it will within the next few days, the Senate
may be able to take it up. Before that time,
I have no doubt, the Committee on the Judi-
ciary will be able to tell us whether or not they
can agree upon a bill, will be able to give us
such a bill as they can agree upon, will be able
to present us their views; and with the House
bill before us, we may either refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, or we may take
the dangerous alternative of considering it our-
selves. I certainly will not vote for a proposi-
tion that would compel us nolens volens to send
any bill passed by the House of Representa-
tives, after deliberation and debate, to a par-
ticular committee of this body.
Mr. THURMAN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] is entitled to the
floor. Does he yield to the Senator from
Ohio?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have yielded to every-
one. I do not object to yielding to the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend is very kind,
and I shall not trespass on his indulgence but
a moment. My colleague says that he will not
admit that the Senate is not as wise as any
committee of the Senate. Nobody asks him
to say that the Senate is not wiser than any
committee of the Senate; but committees are
necessary, otherwise they would not be consti-
tuted. And why are they necessary? Because
every Senator cannot investigate every sub-
ject for himself. There must be a committee
appointed to investigate particular subjects,
charged with that special duty; and hence we
have the long list of committees, constituted,
it is supposed, with reference to the peculiar
fitness of the members of "the committees
respectively, for the investigation of the sub-
jects that are referred to them, and hence you
have a Judiciary Committee, a committee com-
posed wholly of lawyers, and lawyers supposed
to be fit for the duty which they are to perform;
and as every member of the Senate cannot for
himself investigate every judicial or constitu-
tional or legal question that may come before
the Senate that committee is charged with the
duty of investigating such matters.
Looking at the experience that committee
has had in the Senate since I have been here,
I might say in reply to the remark of my col-
league that there is no committee whose opin-
ion is entitled to more weight in the Senate
than the Judiciary Committee, that there is
no committee whose opinions appear to have
less weight in this body, there is no commit-
tee that upon a pure legal question^ has been
so frequently overruled and its opinions set
at naught as the Committee on the Judiciary.
My friend, the Senator from Wisconsin near-
est me, [Mr. Carpenter,] although he said it
jocosely, said it, I think, seriously in his heart,
at the last session, that he thought the best
thing that could be done would be to abolish
the committee altogether.
But now, Mr. President, here is a question
that, as I said, requires investigation. It ought
to go to some committee. My amendment does
not propose that it shall be sent to any partic-
ular committee. It is the order offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island and adopted by the
Senate that designates the Judiciary Commit-
tee as that committee which shall have charge
of the subject.
Now, one word more. My colleague says that
the Judiciary Committee is already _ charged
with this subject, and he presumes it is in ses-
sion daily pondering over the subject. He is
really under a mistake. The resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island prescribing what
the Senate would consider refers nothing to
the committee 
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if there were not several bills
referred to it?
Mr. THURMAN. Several bills may have
been referred by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. Before unanimous consent
was required.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose they may have
Mr. CONKLING. The rule would cut
them off.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I was going
to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. Referred since.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care whether
referred before or since, the Senate cannot
consider them; the committee cannot report
upon them until the resolution of my colleague
comes to the committee. That is the order
as it now stands, so that the committee is
charged as yet with nothing that it can invest-
igate, nothing that it can report, and under
the order it cannot be charged with anything
until the resolution of my colleague shall have
been adopted; and it is not. for that committee
to anticipate what will be the vote upon that
resolution, or that it will be charged with any-
thing at all. It is not for it to anticipate and
for members of the committee to leave their
seats in the Senate when important business
is being transacted here, to go to the com-
mittee-room to consider this subject. No, sir,
if this subject is to be considered let it be
considered gravely, let it be considered delib-
erately, and I repeat once more, if it keeps
us here until June, let us have a thorough
investigation of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] who
introduced the original resolution, and now
introduces the present amendment to it, pro-
tests that there is no " cat in the meal." With
my idea of that Senator's character, with the
great respect which I have for him, not only
as a Senator but as a gentleman, I should
have been disposed to accept that declaration
of his but for one circumstance. That circum-
stance is the opposition made to the very fair,
obvious, and essential suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio who sits nearest to me, [Mr.
Thurman.] What was that suggestion? It
was simply this: that if the restrictive rule as
to business which we have adopted is now to
be opened to admit bills of a certain character
from the House of Representatives to be con-
sidered here, such bills should go through the
ordinary course of proceeding in the Senate.
They should go to the proper committee to be
considered there, and reported back in due
time. That is not only the ordinary course
■ of proceeding in the Senate, but it is a proper
course of proceeding. It is a course of pro-
ceeding sanctioned by the experience of legis-
lative bodies for at least three hundred years.
And now, sir, that course of proceeding is
resisted, and the Senator from Ohio who sits
nearest to the Chair [Mr. Sherman] seriously
undertakes to tell the Senate, by way of inform-
ation I suppose, (for I think it never before
could have occurred to anybody,) that the
amendment of his colleague would be a declar-
ation on the part of the Senate of its inability to
consider a bill without the aid of a committee.
It so happens that the Senate has at this
moment a long list of standing committees, of
special committees, and of joint committees.
Does the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
say they are each and all standing, special,
and joint declarations to the world that the
Senate is unable to consider and transact its
proper legislative business without the aid of
twenty-six standing committees, of four or five
special committees, of three or four joint com-
mittees ? Such is the information which the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has afforded
to the Senate this morning.
Sir, there is "a cat in the meal," and the
opposition that has been made to the very
proper and obvious suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] proves it. The
intention undoubtedly is, when a bill shall
come in from the other House which is favored
by the secret assemblages of the majority in
this body, to take it up and put it through in
the usual manner in which bills of the like
enormous character have been put through in
this body. Put through how? Pnt throagli
at a single sitting; put through in the day-time
and the night-time; put through by the ex-
haustion of the minority, utterly outnumbered
and worn out, after a session of nineteen or
twenty hours. Sir, that is not right; that is
not just; that is not becoming.
We have agreed to limit ourselves at the
present session to a single measure or class of
measures; we have agreed to sit here for that
purpose; and we have the whole session before
u's. Yet it is now sought, under the guise of
this amendment, to open the way for a proceed-
ing that never was intimated when the original
rule was adopted. Not only was it never in-
timated, but the assurances that were given all
around pointed in one direction—that there
should be full discussion here of any such
measure or measures.
Now, sir, a word or two as to the binding
effect of a Republican caucus on the Senate.
It was understood, and I have always sup-
posed correctly, that the original rule, as offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. An-
thony] and adopted here, was the product of
a caucus. I do not summon any Senator to
the witness-stand to disclose what took place
in caucus or whether there was a caucus or
not. It is not necessary. When I see some
forty gentlemen of one political faith in this
body, as we saw them on the last enforcement
bill, sitting here from twelve o'clock at noon
until two or three o'clock the next morning
without opening their mouths, voting always
one way, without a single dissenting voice,
against every amendment, even against an
amendment necessary to rescue a portion of
the bill from nonsense or suicidal contradic-
tion, it is very difficult for me to understand
how it can be correct to say that such a bill
and such a mode of " putting it through" was
not the result of a caucus. There may not
have been a technical caucus ; but I take it for
granted nobody will seriously contend that
there was not something just as bad :
"That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet."
So, a caucus by any other name will smell as
ill. Whether the caucus be held in a private
room with closed doors, or in the open Senate
by a private general agreement among the ma-
jority to take a particular course, it seems to
me in either case the evil is the same. That
is to say, Senators who are here to exercise
their judgment, their discretion, their sense of
constitutional obligations upon measures sub-
mitted to them, are barred from doing so and
surrender their free action absolutely.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
is not 
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Sen-
ator from California yield ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator decline to yield ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather go on. I
shall be through in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to be interrupted, and will
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps I did not under-
stand what the Senator desired. Does he wish
to ask a question ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I was going to
suggest to the Senator from California whether
all objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, who is a member of the Judiciary
Committee, is not removed by the fact that
there may be a minority report or a majority
report from the Judiciary Committee. I sup-
pose the Senate would hardly want to enter-
tain any bill that the Judiciary Committee
