1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
42d Coot.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organizations—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Kbps.
"War, and other laws now'in force applicable
111 case of rebellion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER rose.
ilr. WOOD. 1 cannot yield any further,
because my time will not permit.
Mi. SHELLABARGER. Combinations
must be so powerful and armed as to be able
to overthrow and defy the Government 
Mr. WOOD. And the only judge is to be
the President of the United States. There is
the essence of it, " that one-man power ;" that
this is to be ma.de a personal Government; that
that officer placed, with this enormous and stu-
pendous aggrega'.ion of power, is to be the sole
and exclusivejudgeof what constitutes a rebel-
lion, or what justifies the action authorized
under this bill. He may construe the assem-
bling of two or more men in a bar room fight
as constituting that condition of things as under
the bill would justify him in assuming that that
kind of "combination" or conspiracy or re-
bellion existed which warranted the full exer-
cise of all the power granted.
Now, sir, I say that in no portion of our
history lias any such power been delegated ;
in no free Government anywhere in the world
has any such power been delegated by the
people. Nor is there any despot for the past
century who would attempt to exercise it.
Napoleon, in the day of his imperial strength,
never attempted to exercise it; and even the
life of the present emperor of Russia, with all
his great personal authority, holding in his
hands not only the Church but the State, not
only the sword but the purse, whose subjects are
vassals, would not be safe for twenty-four hours
if he attempted to exercise the power now
proposed to be given to the present President
of the United States.
And, Mr. Speaker, in whose hands do we
propose to place this monstrous supremacy?
Is there anything in the military or civil his-
tory of the present President of the United
States which will justify our placing it in his
hands? Are his knowledge and estimate of our
institutions in keeping with the liberties of
our people ? Has he not recently told us what
is his idea of the Government of the United
States? Has he not recently sent a message
to Congress, in which he declared that the
present, German empire had a form of govern-
ment and a theory of political institutions very
like and quite similar to our own ; that in con-
sequence of this analogy he recommended the
raiding of the present American embassy to
Berlin to a full mission on the par or pay of
those to Prance and Great Britain?
I cannot see that the empire of Germany
has a Government similar to our own as stated
by the President. The unity of the German
States bore no analogy to the union of the
American States Each of the German States
was ruled by an hereditary prince, who had
relaxed none of the sovereign power which he
had derived fiom his ancestors. A vast em-
pire, with many petty rulers over small com-
munities, all governed by one grand head,
clothed with imperial and regal authority,
could not be likened to the American Union,
constituted and governed by a free and in-
dependent people through their own chosen
representatives. It was unfortunate for the
President that the queen of England in her
last message to Parliament took an opposite
view of the political character of the German
empire. Her Majesty congratulates her "lords
and gentlemen" on the establishment of that
Government, and refers to it as calculated to
establish more firmly the "European sys-
tem;" or, in other words, on the cieation of
an emperor out of King William, who rules
by " divine right," and not by the will of the
people, the threatened European popular rule.
We should not, however, be surprised at the
liking of the 1'iesident for imperial power..
He has already done more to establish it here
than either of his predecessors would have
dared to attempt. His administration thus
far had shown a disregard of the voice of the
people, and a desire to use the strong arm
of military authority upon the slightest pre-
text and with the least possible excuse. The
authority of the military chieftain- comprised
his idea of executive power. He did not
appreciate the difference between despotism
and republicanism; and this, doubtless, ac-
counted for his admiration of Germanic impe-
rialism, which subordinated political opinion
to the edicts of the State.
Is it to such a man, who has this conception of
our Government, that we are to intrust a power
like this? Shall we give it to a man who
deems it to be his right to exercise the war-
making power over peaceful communities, as
he did in New York and Philadelphia when
he sent the military there to overawe and sub-
due them, and to use the naval forces of the
United States to despoil a neighboring repub-
lic in the Caribbean sea? Is it into the hands
of such a man we are to place supreme au-
thority, who, since we have had experience of
his incumbency of office, has never shown the
least patriotic spirit, nor announced one single
principle of republican government, nor shown
a single conception of the Constitution of the
United States or the Government over which
he presides?
Now, Mr. Speaker, gjl this is proposed to
be justified by the condition of the southern
States and to be authorized by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. The condition of the southern States
is made the pretext upon which to delegate
this power to the President. What is the con-
dition of the southern States? How are we
to gather the facts as to the condition of the
southern States? What is the kind of data
which it is becoming the dignity of the Presi-
dent and the Congress of the United States to
accept as authority as to what really and in
fact is the condition of the southern States ?
Shall we take it from newspapers? Shall we
believe the excited and heated disappointed
men who come from that section of the Union?
Shall we take it for granted that the inflam-
matory statements of men who have personal
grievances or political disappointments are
true? Or shall we rather seek information in
that quarter in which and upon which we only
should act when we come to legislate with
reference to those States?
Now, sir, it is alleged that these outrages
occur; that security for life, person, and prop-
erty has disappeared from the South. Well,
sir, I will repeat what has been said by other
gentlemen upon this side of the House, that
we defend none of these alleged outrages. We
believe in the full execution of the law against
offenders of all kinds. And I for one will go
for the passage of any bill that can be framed
consistently with the power of Congress under
the Constitution to suppress violence any-
where. I will give to the President power to
enforce the laws of Congress for the collection
of the revenue and the safe carrying of the
mails. I will protect life and person. I will
go with the Republican party in Congress in
asking of the southern States a strict compli-
ance with the constitutional laws of Congress
and with the amendments made to the Consti-
tution within the last ten years. We defend no
outrage. We palliate no wrong. We do not
attempt or intend to protect those atrocities if
those atrocities have really been perpetrated.
But we do not intend that a falsehood shall be
imposed on the people of this country, that
an undue excitement shall be created, and that
in the midst of that excitement a gross wrong
inflicted on the rights of the American people.
I have taken some trouble to obtain the
documents which I hold in my hand, the mes-
sages of the Governors of the States Mtely in
rebellion, being the very last messages which
have been sent to the Legislatures of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama,
Georgia, Louisiana,Texas, Mississippi, Arkan-
sas, Tennessee, and Florida. In each of those
messages the conditiou of these several States
is referred to.
The GovernorofVirginia, Governor Walker,
says, in his message transmitted to the Legis-
lature December 7, 1870:
"Our people everywhere are adaptingthemselves
to the changed condition of affairs with a prompti-
tude, a wisdom,andmoderation worthy of all 1>I ■ISO.
In obedience to law, in the maintenance of oilier,
and the performance of aU the duties appertaining
to good citizenship, the people of Virginiachallenge
comparison with any State in the Union."
Governor Holden, of North Carolina, in his
message transmitted November 22,1870, says :
" The result of this action on the part of the Exec-
utive, in pursuance of the constitution and the laws,
has been in the highest degree fortunate and bene-
ficial. The power of the State government to protcet,
maintain, and perpetuate itself has been tested and
demonstrated. The secret organization which dis-
turbed the peace of society, which was sapping tho
foundations of the government, setting the law at
defianee, and inflicting manifold wrongs on ;< i irge
portion of our people, has been exposed and biuuen
up."
That is what is said by Governor Holden
of North Carolina, a Republican in politics.
This is the State whose condition the Senate
committee has recently investigated, and that
is a portion of the evidence which was before
the committee of the Senate when the North
Carolina case was investigated.
1 come now to the message of Governor
Scott, of South Carolina, also a Republican,
another of those States where it is alleged Ku
Klux outrages exist. Governor Scott says:
" Fellow-citizens, our State has made great pro-
gress in ail respects within the last two years. Two
years ago a large class of our people were a unit
almost in their avowed determination not to recog-
nize the validity of the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress, or of the governments established under them.
To-day these are all treated as accomplished f^cts,
by all classes of the community, so tar as puohc
utterances have any value, and vrc hare good reason
to believe that the number of persons who cherish
either the hope or the desire to disturb the existing
political relations (*f the people is very inconsid-
erable.
The Governor of Alabama, in his message
of January 24, 1871, says:
"In greeting your return to a resumption of your
legislative duties it affords me the highest gratifica-
tion in being permitted to congratulate you, and
through you the various constituencies you repre-
sent, upon the general good order and social tran-
quillity which prevail throughout our State."
The Governor of Georgia, (Bullock) in a let-
ter transmitted from the executive department
to sotne citizens of that State, in referring to
an election recently held there, uses this lan-
guage :
"The election held on the 20th, 21st, and 22ol of
December last, taken as a whole, was as near a
peaceful, fair, and unbiased expression of public
opinion and preference through the ballot-box as
it i> possible to have had m this State at this time.
"So far as my knowledge extends, there was not
a voting precinct in the State where votes wore
objected to, either by the managers or by partisan
leaders, on the ground that the persons offering 1o
vote werecojored. All parties and all citizens froeiy
concede the right of the black man to the ballot.
But it cannot, and 1 presume will not be denied
that in many oases improper and unlawful means
were exercised to compel the colored citizen to
cast ballots of a different character from those cast by
a majoiity of his race, and in opposition to his own
preference, but, the enthusiastic practice of various
devices to influence the votes ot citizens has been
notable, both m this country andabroad, ever since
tko elective franchise has been enjoyed; and we can-
not expect to prove an oxception to the natural
effect of partisan ambition for party success stimu-
lated by peisonal desire for official position. The
frroat contest in this and other southern States has
been to secure a universal admission of acquiescence
in the right of the colored man to vote, and this
seems to have been fully gained in Georgia. The
question of how or for whom the colored man shall
vote is secondary and local.
"I repeat, that the contest has been to secure
from the people of our State a universal admission
of or acquu-seeuce in the right of the colored man to
civil and political pnvileges, and, in the presence of
the late election, no sane man will deny that this
desirable rc&ult hafc been accomplished. To bo sure
