76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. of "Reps
Ku Klux Organizations—Mr. Wood.
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
there have been exceptional cases in parts of the
State where this right has not been fully accorded,
but the number is comparatively inconsiderable,
and should not be allowed to prejudice a judgment
in favor of the State 33 a whole."
Ifc is quite unnecessary to add that the Gov-
ernor of Georgia is one of the most rabid and
thorough Radical politicians of the South.
Everybody knows this.
Governor Warmoth, of Louisiana, also
Republican, is a message sent to the Legisla-
ture on the 11th of January. 1871, says:
"I cannot pass from thissubjoct to other details,
in justice, without calling your attention to thegen-
eral and peaceable acquiescence of our people in the
results of the reconstruction policy of the General
Government. Their acceptance of it as a finality
has been much more satisfactory in Louisiana than
in any other State in the South. This must be attrib-
uted to the patriotismand wisdom of our people, and
to thosefeatures of State policy which have led to this
great and desirable result. It has always been my
sincere conviction that it is safe to trust to the good
sense, the honor, andthesobersecond thought of the
people. This conviction has determined tuy course
on matters of State pol icy,"even in matters where I
was forced, for a short time, to differ from many of
iny political friends. The peaceable character of
the late election, and the favorable condition of
Louisiana, as compared with many other southern
States, have, I think, convinced both friends and
Iocs that I was right. I have refrained from all
severe and arbitrary measures, or recourse to mere
force, appealing on all occasions and in all locali-
ties 10 the justice and discretion of tho people them-
selves."
Governor Davis, in a message transmitted
to the Legislature of Texas 011 the 10th of
January, 1871, says:
"Since the last aunual message I had the honor
to send to your houses the work of reorganisation
of the State under the,now constitution and the laws
enacted by you m pursuance thereof, at your late
session, has been largely performed. Tho officers
for whom provision was made, and in the various
iudieiai districts judges and district attorneys, have
boon appointed, and those officers have proceeded to
tho performance of their duties. It gives ine pleas-
ure to state that the people have, 1 believe, gen-
erally seconded the officers in their efforts to reestab-
lish oidor, and that an improved condition of affairs
is Quito manifest^ It is too early to speak from prac-
tical experience in respect to tho working of many
of iho now features of our constitution and laws, but
such delects as hnvo been observed will bo pointed
out to you, and tho appropriate legislation asked to
remedy the same."
Governor Alcorn, of Mississippi, another
Ucpubhean, in a message transmitted to the
Legislature in February, 1871, says:
"The actual work of reconstruction began from
the moment at which the laws of the last session of
the Legislature took practical effect. That work of
doingar.d of undoing commenced at a time when the
Federal Government was engaged in that'taking
Htook' which embodios decennially the social and
material assets of the nation. The census of 1870
presents us, therefore, with a survey of the actual
ruin from which the work of rcconstructionhasgone
forward. To lay down specially the condition of
things at which your labors commenced, T have
made, during tho recess, elaborate inquiry into tho
social and economical facts of the State; and with
that view, have not only pressed into my service tho
sheets of thocensus deposited with the Secretary of
Stute, but have also collected additional facts by
circular interrogatories to the officers of the several
counties. I proceed now to submit to your consid-
eration, as a light for tho guidance of your deliber-
ations on the restoration of our social and material
rum. a distinct outline of not only the work to be
accomplished, but of the presence and operation of
n power which comes into action where it would
have been least expected, to carry out that work to
a triumphant consummation."
We have later intelligence from that State
in the following:
Exkcotive Office,
Jackson, Mississippi, March 17,1871.
iion. A. Ames, United State* Senate, and Gkorgb E.
Hakkis, J. L. Morpiiis, and L. w. Pjsrce, Mouse
of Jiepresentaiivcs, Washington, 1). C. :
E am informed that dispatches have been for-
warded to Washington derogating from the power of
this government to enforce the law. I desire to cor-
rect that misrepresentation, and to state that it finds
no justification in fact. Ariot occurred recently at
Meridian, but was promptly suppressed. The par-
ties are now undergoing legal investigation. Some
minor outrages have been committed 011 other points
of the Alabama border, in the night, by parties in
disguise.- My only difficulty in these cases is to dis-
cover the wrong-doers, but that overcome, as I
confidently hope ltwiii be, tins government is abun-
dantly powerful to make them fear the consequences
of their crimes. Save in these cases, Mississippi
presents an unbroken evidence of civil obedience
and order. j A ALCORN",
Governor.
Governor Clayton, of Arkansas, now a Re-
publican Senator of the United States, in a
message transmitted to the Legislature on the
2d of January, 1871, uses this language :
"You assemble here under very propitious circum-
stances. The past year has been one of great pros-
perity. The crops have been almost abundant, and
the season for gathering and securing them remark-
ably favorable. The spirit of public improvement
has awakened the liveliest interest among our peo-
ple, aoid, in many portions of the State, has given
substantial evidence of it by the inauguration and
rapid progress of important enterprises, which,
when completed, will bo of incalculable benefit to
theState. Ourpopulation has been largely increased
by a healthy immigration. The wealth of the State
has been augmented by the influx of capital from
the older States, which our superior advantages and
undeveloped resources have at length attracted to
us. Our State credit has been established; comity
and friendly relations exist between us and the other
States of the Union : our relations with the Federal
Government are harmonious and satisfactory 5 law
and order, peace and security, reign throughout our
borders. Under the beoign influence of our free in-
stitutions, and the faithful enforcement of the laws,
old feuds are rapidly dying out, old animosities are
being forgotten, and old prejudices eradicated.
In Tennessee it is further shown that every-
thing is peaceable, and that there are no Ku
Klux or other outrages. The Governor as-
serts this, and the following extract from a
published letter speaks for itself:
It is further charged that the people are banded to-
gether to resist tho law, that they encourage masked
marauders,and connive itt themurder of Union man
and negroes. They even attempt to cite cases of
murder and givo names of those murdered. That
there arc cases of violation of law here wo do not
deny; but they are not of more frequent occurrence
than in any other State of equal population. We
have taken occasion to examine the number of cases
of mob violence reported to the Executive of the
State, and know the truth of what we speak, and
we feel that we are fully sustained in the assertion
that fewer instances of such have occurred under
the administration of the present Executive than
during any period of timo of equal leugth during the
administration of Governor Brownlow. To show
how these mischief-makers are belabored for in-
stances to sustain their charges, one of tho cases of
murder cited by them as of recent occuironce was
in 18t)6, and another more than twelve months ago,
and both while Senator Brownlow was Governor of
the State. It is true there are bad men among us,
who steal, rob, and do acts of violence, without
regard to politioal opinions. That any considerable
portion of our people connive at such is a gross
slander upon a people who are orderly and strictly
law-abiding. As to the charge that the people en-
courage masked marauders, we know that the peo-
ple of all political phases condemn such, and that
if such ever existed it is now almost entirely sup-
pressed by condemnation of public sentiment. In
proof of this, although we bare traveled a great deal
over different parts of the State, wo have not seen a
masked man for more than twelve months.
What, then, can be the object and design in mak-
ing these falso andslanderous statements? We will
attempt briefly to explain. In the political andcivil
confusion that immediately succccded the close of
tho war many acts of malfeasance and peculation
in office, and frauds upon the State, were committed
by railroad rings, public officers, and Government
agents. The powers of the Government were almost
entirely subsidized to the interest of individuals, and
large fortunes mad© by few at the expense of the pub-
lic Treasury. In many instances indictments for
murder and other high crimes were dismissed without
a trial; and, in brief, all the agencies and resources
of the State government were used to the advantage
of the few and to tho injury of the many. The present
Legislature has attempted to institute investigation
of the acts and doings of such State officials as the
law authorizes and requires them tomake. Many of
these fear a fair and strict investigation of their offi-
cial acts. Hence the clamor that is raised by such, in
order to elude or prevent an investigation of their offi-
cial acts, and to excite the sympathy of those ahroad
who do not know oftheir misdoings and malversation
in office. They wish tomakegood men in other States
believe that they are martyrs to their political faith,
ar/d thus excite the sympathy of all lovers of the
Union, and cause places of profit to bo assigned them
by the President or Congress, after they have lost
the confidence and good opinion of a people whom
they have outraged and embarrassed by their malad-
ministration. Suoh men have plundered the State
treasury and wish to escape justice and an exposure
of their crimes.
D. B. THOMAS,
Speaker of the Senate.
W. O'N. PERKINS,
Speaker of the Home of Jiepresentatives.
It will thus be seen that the official evidence
given by the executive magistrates of the
States, whose condition is represented here to
be of that character that would justify this
legislation, does not justify it. Isolated cases
of outrage, that occur in all civized communi-
ties, cannot justify the statement that the con-
dition of things in the South is as has been
stated.
But this is not the only evidence we have of
the true condition of matters in the southern
States. I hold in my hand the Commercial
and Financial Chronicle, published in the city
of New York, which is accepted authority
among the bankers and the mercantile com-
munity of this country on all subjects of inter-
est to them. Under the head of u cotton,"
the date being Friday, March 24, 1871, I find
this remarkable statement:
"The total receipts of cotton since the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1870, are 3.24U.870 bales, against 2,35$,317
bales for the same period of 1869-70, showing an in-
crease since September 1, this year, of 882,553 bales."
The present crop is estimated at four million
bales, which, with the exception of one year,
is the largest ever produced. Tobacco, rice,
and the other staple products of the southern
States show that relatively the same great
production exists.
Now, I submit whether the very best evi-
dence as to the moral condition of a people
is not derived from their industry and thrift,
from the results of their labor and enterprise;
whether there can be any more conclusive
proof to an unprejudiced mind with regard to
the true condition of a people than the rela-
tive amount of their products. Such a state-
ment shows their industry; and where there is
industry there is no anarchy ; and where there
is no anarchy such a measure as this cannot be
justified. A measure of this kind cannot be
justified by any possible condition of things,
except, in the first place, a warrant in the Con-
stitution, and in the second instance, an anarch-
ical condition of things in that portion of the
country for which you have the right to legis-
late; a condition of things in which life, lib-
erty, and property aie insecure, in which
armed treason and revolt is in actual being
against the Federal authority. No other cir-
cumstance can furnish a pretext for measures
of the character proposed.
But, Mr. Speaker, let us assume that what
has been stated is all true. I will admit, for
the sake of argument, that all the allegations
about the southern States are true. I ask
members of the Republican party, who is re-
sponsible for it? I ask them to retrace the
legislation of Congress since 1865 and look at
the system of military dictation and congres-
sional reconstruction which has had absolute
control there since. I present a summary of
these acts.
The war closed April, 1865.
Proclamation to this effect subsequently.
Fourteenth amendment adopted by Con-
gress June 13,1866.
Proclamation of President declaring civil
authority restored August 20, 1866.
Southern States divided into military dis-
tricts March 2, 1867.
Orders of President to this effect, assigning
commanders, issued March 11, 12, 14, 1867.
Supplementary military act, March 23,1867.
Supplementary military act, July 19, 1867.
(See sec. 1.)
Supplementary military act, March 11,1868.
s Arkansas admitted June 12, 1868.
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, June 25, 1868.
Subsequent acts admitted Virginia, Missis-
sippi, and' Texas; January 28, 1870, Virginia
was turned over to the civil authorities; Feb-
ruary 28, 1870, Mississippi was turned over to
the civil authorities ; April 16, 1870, Texas
was turned over to the civil authorities.
At the passage of the original military recon-
struction act, enacted immediately after the
