1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BIS
measures of Congress, was referred to the Gen-
eral of the Army; and yet he, sir, is the man
who, the country is told by the Senator, is seek-
ing to trample under foot the colored race
of the world ! And when the question came
whether the credit and faith, and consequently
the honor, of the Republic should be preserved
by the payment of our debt in money, or should
be abandoned by adopting the illusion of pay-
ing one promise with another promise, he was
the bearer of the standard around which the
people gathered to preserve the honor of the
Republic, without the maintenance of which
the nation would not have been worth pre-
serving.
Mr. President, this is the man who, we are
told by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, is seek-
ing to subvert the Constitution of his country;
this is the man of whom it is more than hinted
that he seeks to assume kingly power; this is
the man who he charges (hat in dealing with a
feeble neighboring republic- is not only a Ku
Klux, but is the prince and king of the Ku
Klux Klan 1 If there is any point of disrespect
to " the powers that be," or to the leader of a
party that has honored and adulated the Sen-
ator, beyond that which this invective has
reached, I trust it may never be found.
Stripped of all vituperative adjective, what
is the accusation ? It is simply this: the
President of the United States, pending negoti-
ations with theexisting Government of'Domin-
ica for the annexation ofthat territory, if such
annexation should meet the approval of the
people of Dominica, sent a fleet to preserve
the peace between Hayti and Dominica. The
" moral efl'ect"—-a term which was ridiculed
yesterday—the moral effect of the presence of
our fleet was that which it was expected to be;
not a gun was fired, not a drop of blood was
shed, and peace was preserved. Hayti has
made no complaint, and will never know the
great wrong that she has suffered until the
speech of the Senator is sent to her. The
Senator, I am happy to say, stands alone in
his denunciation. 1 have heard the leaders of
the Democratic party condemn, as they have a
right to, Republican principles, and criticise
the Administration ; but I never heard one of
them speak with disrespect of that great gen-
eral who led the rank and file, consisting of
Republicans and Democrats" onto victory and
to the rescue of the Republic.
Wc are told by the Senator that he presented
this accusation by constraint; that it was a
painful duty. Let us see. This session of
Congress has been continued for the one and
only purpose of providing some remedy for
the outrages and disorders existing at the South.
By a vote of the Senate a rule was adopted
excluding all other business than that indi-
cated. By a message from the President of
the United States, received on Thursday last,
Congress was informed that he needed no
legislation on any other subject than in refer-
ence to the southern outrages. He told us in
effect that he desired no legislation on or con-
sideration of San Domingo at this session of
Congress.
It is well known to the country that the com-
mission sent by the Congress of the United
States to obtain the information which they
considered essential to forming a just judgment
as to the annexation of San Domingo were yes-
terday expected to be in this city, having ful-
filled their mission. All understand it to be
the will of Congress that this subject should
not be agitated until it can be considered intel-
ligently, after having received the information
sought. Now, under this state of facts, I ask
the Senator, where was the duty that led him
so painfully to precipitate this subject upon the
country?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator desire
an answer?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As the Senator
pleases.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome
eot in the chair.) Does the Senator from
New Jersey yield to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator puts a question
to me, and I answer him with all simplicity.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] has
already arraigned me for not having done it
sooner; the Senator from New Jersey now
arraigns me for not postponing it. I take
counsel of neither Senator. I took counsel
of my own heart, my own sense of duty. Feel-
ing that there was a system of lawlessness on
the coast of San Domingo under the direct
order of the President of the United States, I
felt it my duty to exhibit it to the Senate and
to the country. There are some cases where
exposure alone is enough, and I felt that this
was one of those cases. The American peo-
ple are just, and they cannot know what has
occurred without in some way applying the
remedy.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not see, Mr.
President, that the answer of the Senator
from Massachusetts changes the case in any
manner, or that he gives any reason whatever
for now hastening to press this subject upon
the country under the circumstances which I
have detailed, and it is fo me a matter of re-
gret that out of respect for the wishes of the
President, plainly expressed to the Senate, out
of respect for the judgment of Congress, man-
ifested by their sending the commission, and
out of regard to the true interests of the coun-
try, the Senator had not postponed the agita-
tion of this subject until that information was
obtained upon which alone a correct judgment
can be formed. But if the Senator proposed
to make an attack upon the proposals of the
Administration, and to set himself in direct
opposition, as he has, to a fair consideration
of this subject, I think it is a matter of con-
gratulation that he has not done so as chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I have not formed my judgment upon the
question of San Domingo. I am waiting to
ascertain the sense of the country, and regret
that the verdict to which I look should be dis-
turbed by the influence of the Senator, or that
any impressions and prejudices should be made
upon the public mind before the people have
the requisite information. It appears to me
that the Senator was afraid that the return of
the commission would justify the Administra-
tion, and therefore he would be obliged to draw
his charge. When the report ofthatcommission
is presented it will appear that the President
►is no Ahab. The scriptural simile of the Senator
was an unfortunate one. If I remember aright,
Ahab commanded Naboth to take the vineyard,
and he refused. Dominica asked the Presi-
dent to accept her territory, and he conseuted.
And, again, it was under Jewish law a sin for
Naboth to sell his inheritance ; but it is a vir-
tue for us to extend the blessings of our insti-
tutions and of Christianity. The case the Sen-
ator puts is a contrast, not a simile.
Mr. President, the truth is, that General
Grant in this matter has done no more than
he was bound to do. Without our going into
details, we know that for years the United
States has been considering the propriety of
having some military post in the Caribbean
sea. We know that negotiations were had in
reference to Cuba, a neighboring island, and
that a treaty was made for the purchase of St.
Thomas, an island much smaller and further
from our coast than is San Domingo. We
know that money was voted to enable the
President to effect a lease of Samana bay.
After this the offer was made to the President
for the annexation of Dominica. What should
he have done? If he had declined all nego-
tiation it would have been out of the power of
the people to exercise their will on this sub-
ject, because the President is the only possi-
ble medium of initiating negotiations with any
foreign Power. If he said, "Yes, we will en-
tertain and consider the subject," the people
have the privilege of adopting or rejecting
the offer which has been made by Dominica,
as they might deem proper.
There are many things that the people will
make inquiry about in relation to this subject.
They' will want to consider the experience of
other countries, to ascertain whether, for in-
stance, Holland finds the possession of Java
profitable and desirable; whether England
thinks that the islands of Jersey and Alder-
ney and Guernsey, in the channel, are valua-
ble to her, either as increasing her wealth or
as keeping France in cheek. They will con-
sider whether England acquires wealth from
her tropical possessions; whether the climate
of this island is salubrious, its soil like that of
Cuba, inexhaustible in its richness; whether,
while Spain has Cuba, and England has Ja-
maica and the Bahamas, at the mouth of the
Gulf, the United States should have a military
post on San Domingo for the protection of
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Texas ; whether the products of sugar and
coffee would improve our domestic commerce;
whether Samana bay extending as it does far
into the mainland, affords a commodious har-
bor. The people will want to know all about it,
and they will probably come to as wise a con-
clusion as the Senator from Massachusetts. I
am not prepared to say what conclusion the
people should come to ; but I am prepared to
say that the President has done right in giving
them the opportunity to accept the offer, if
such should be their desire. It would have
been arrogant for the President to have acted
differently.
We are told that the Administration is guilty
of a usurpation of power in sending vessels
of war to the waters of San Domingo while
negotiations were pending. That I deny ; and
I think a little consideration will satisfy any
unprejudiced mind that there is nothing in the
charge. The President of the United States
has the constitutionalright to initiate negotia-
tions with a foreign nation.
The power is inherent in his office. He is
the head and the Executive of the nation. He
alone can hold intercourse with other nations.
He must initiate negotiations, if they are in-
itiated by any one. Jefferson negotiated in 1803
with France the purchase of Louisiana, Mon-
roe in 1819 with Spain the purchase of Florida.
"Nobody denies this right in the President to
negotiate. If this be so, it must be admitted
that the Administration usurped no power by
sending a fleet to Samana bay pending the
negotiations. If the President possessed a
constitutional right to initiate negotiations, it
was the nation that was negotiating. The Pres-
ident is clothed with the nation's power, and
is bound to protect the nation's dignity. He
is bound to see that no other nation forcibly
interrupts or interferes with the negotiation.
If while protecting the nation's dignity war
should ensue, it would be a constitutional
war. In those nations where the Executive
is a sovereign he has the power not only to
negotiate, but to conclude treaties, to declare
war, to acquire territory by conquest or by
discovery; there is no restraint upon him
except that he is obliged to look to the people
for appropriations.
Our President cannot declare war; but if
while he is discharging his conslitutional duty
of taking care of the nation's dignity or inter-
ests war results from his action, it is a lawful
war. We have an illustration of that in our
own history. Texas was annexed in 184-5; its
western boundary wasundefined, Mexico insist-
ing that the boundary was the Nueces, which
empties into Corpus Christi bay; we contend-
ing that it was the Rio Grande. The Presi-
dent sent General Taylor to look after our
interests; war ensued, and existed for months
before there was any declaration of war by
Congress.
At the same time the President sent Com-
modore Sloat to the Pacific; he was stationed
at Mazatlan, the nearest point to the Rio
