78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. op Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Perry.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
proper and constitutional authorities of a State,
they do not and cannot see why the whole
people of the United States should suffer from
the neglect of Congress to look to the material
interests for the protection of the whole people.
Our taxpayers are ridden by oppressive
taxation, our mercantile marine is rottening at
our wharves, the American flag is seen no more
in foreign waters, our public credit is depre-
ciated, and the only constitutional currency
known to the country in Democratic times,
gold and silver, has vanished from the public
gaze, and we fear forever driven from view.
The informer and revenue spy is prowling
around our domicils, examining into all our
private, domestic, individual, and personal
affairs in order to hunt up "the pound of flesh"
which the Government seeks, to be given away
in subsidy schemes and to maintain the plun-
dering army of Black Republican hirelings.
The people wonder at all this. They had
been taught to believe that there were states-
men at the head of this Government, that there
were men here capable of grasping these great
political problems and working out the desti-
nies of the country just emerging from a civil
war, leaving us with an enormous public debt
and an oppressive system of internal and ex-
ternal taxation. Instead of this being done by
those in charge of public affairs, the great
interests of the country are neglected, while
the people are driven away from all their pur-
suits of life and have no hope, no recourse.
Ah, Mr. Speaker, pass your bill, but there
is a greater power than the military of the
land. There is a potential power of public
opinion ; there is the almighty voice of Amer-
ican freemen. I heard it yesterday in New
Hampshire; we shall hear it to-morrow in
Connecticut; we will then hear of it from
California. And then from Slate to State,
from north to south, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, it will be heard. The sober second
thought of the American people will come to
sweep the Goths and Vandals from the places
which know them now, but which will soon
know them no more forever.
Sir, 1 have in these feeble remarks attempted
to deal justly with this great subject. I feel
that a crisis is upon the country. I feel that,
after thirty years' public experience, in my last
days, I may see the last expiring throe of my
country if this bill is to become a law ; that a
silent revolution has gone over the American
people ; that our form of government itself
has been subverted ; that the theory of repub-
licanism, founded upon free public opinion, has
been forgotten ; that, prostrate to the will of
power, imperialism is to be created and to be
placed in the hands of the President of the
United States.
Sir, all 1 can say is that we shall make to it
the opposition which our consciences and our
oaths of office and our duty to the people of
the whole country demand, representing your
constituencies when you fail to do so, doing
our utmost for the defense of the Constitution
and of the rights of the American people.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. A. F. PERRY,
OF onto,
In the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(IL E. No. S20) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teeuth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. PBRllY, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Si'EiKEE: If the House will be so kind
as to give me its attention, I propose to direct
my observations chiefly to the legal aspects
of this bill. It will be necessary, however, to
bear in mind the condition of affairs on which
the provisions of this bill are predicated. Por-
tions of that part of the country lately in
rebellion are ranged by lawless bands of mis-
creants, wreaking violence upon defenseless
persons, unhindered and unpunished by the !
State authorities. The privileges and immun-
ities secured to a large class of citizens by
the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth articles
of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States are abridged. They are deprived
of life, liberty, and property without due pro-
cess of law. Their right to vote is abridged or
denied on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and the equal protec-
tion of the law is denied them.
Proof of the existence of this condition of
things is made to this House in the same way
that proof is generally made to legislative
bodies. Members of this House and of the
Senate, who have had opportunities to observe
and to know, state what they know. Many more
members of the House and of the Senate in-
form themselves by correspondence with per-
sons in that section of the country with whom
they are acquainted, and whose character
commands their confidence. Many more of
us have opportunities to inform ourselves by
conversation here at the capital with gentle-
men from that region whose bearing, manners,
and character give weight to their statements.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, my opportunities
for personal examination and inquiry have
been slight. But I have availed myself of
those slight opportunities with diligence, and
the result is to leave upon my mind a deep and
painful impression of the atrocity and frequency
of these outrages.
In addition to these means of information,
on the 23d day of this month the President of
the United States sent to us his message. Nor
is this state of affairs wholly incredible. We
all know that the result of the late civil war
was to overthrow and disorganize southera
society. Not only was their system of labor
destroyed by the emancipation of their slaves,
but their ruling class was disorganized by mil-
itary defeats and by loss of political power.
It is impossible to conceive a state of society
more perfectly disorganized than the southern
society as left by the war. If the former mas-
ters and the former slaves had been trans-
ported to another planet the outlook might
have been more strange, but in another
planet they might have renewed their old rela-
tions and have gone on in their old habits.
They found, indeed, in their country the same
southern soil, fructified by the same southern
sun. But here it was impossible that their
relations should be renewed ; and that impos-
sibility involved the further impossibility that
they should go on under their old constitutions
and their old laws or keep up their old habits
and their old maxims. There are machines
so contrived that, after running agiven distance
in one direction, they reverse their own motion
and run directly in the opposite direction. But
no means have yet been found by which the
operations of the human mind and affections
can be suddenly reversed.
A small part of that population, but the
worst part of it, banded themselves into felon-
ious conspiracies, which take advantage of
the unsettled condition of southern society to
commit assassinations, mutilations, and other
crimes. These bands are so much worse than
brigands, they include in their operations so
many worse features than brigandage, that it
would be eulogy to call them brigands. The
most intelligent and probable explanation of
motives imputes to them a rancorous and im-
placable discontent on account of the political
and civil rights conferred on colored people by
the constitutional amendments. Their oper-
ations are, therefore, directed chiefly against
blacks and against white people who by any
means attract attention as earnest friends of
the blacks.
The aim appears to be to put them und> r
fear, so that they will be silent when freemen
should speak, and will stayat home when free-
men should be at the polls ; or, failing in that,
to compel them to abandon citizenship in that
part of the country ; or, failing in that, to mur-
der and mutilate them, disperse their families,
burn their houses, and steal or destroy their
property. In carrying out these purposes,
neither mercy nor decency is observed. If
their main inspiration is hostility to the rights
given to the colored people under the thir-
teenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments,
it would extend to all who should befriend
them ; it would extend to the Republican party,
to whom the blacks owe emancipation, and to
whom alone they can look for sympathy and
protection.
For the same reason their help would be
given to the Democratic party. They would
be in fact organizations in aid of the Demo-
cratic party. And such is the understanding
in regard to their character. If they loved
the Democratic party before nothing has oc-
curred in this debate to make them love it less.
True, the existence of such gangs has not been
denied; the proof is too plentiful. They have
not been defended, for defense is impossible;
nor excused, for they have no excuse. They
have not been praised, because there is no liv-
ing thing on which praise can grow for trans-
actions so cowardly and abominable. But the
unfortunate history and attitude of the Demo-
cratic party draw to it, with or without consent,
the hopes of such creatures. Frequently the
most effective and enduring friendships spring
from unexpressed concord of dislikes, inter-
ests, and hopes.
Where these gangs of assassins show them-
selves the rest of the people look on, if not
with sympathy, at least with forbearance. The
boasted courage of the South is not courage in
their presence. Sheriffs, having eyes to see,
see not; judges, having ears to hear, hear not;
witnesses conceal the truth or falsify it; grand
and petit juries act as if they might be ac-
complices. In the presence of these gangs all
the apparatus and machinery of civil govern-
ment, all the processes of justice, skulk away
as if government and justice were crimes and
feared detection. Among the most dangerous
things an injured party can do is to appeal to
justice. Of the uncounted scores and hun-
dreds of atrocious mutilations and murders it
is credibly stated that not one has been pun-
ished. Such is a brief outline of the condi-
tion of things which we are called upon to
meet.
The statement of the President's message is
as follows:
"A condition of affairs now exists in some of the
States of the Union rendering life and property
insecure and the carrying of the mails and the col-
lection of the revenue dangerous. The proof that
such a eondition of a,ffairs exists in some localities
is now before the Senate. That the power to eorreot
these evils is beyond the control of State authoiitiea,
X do not doubt. That the power of the Executive of
the United States, acting within the limits of exist-
ing laws, is sufficient for present emergencies, is not
clear.
"Therefore, i urgently recommend such legisla-
tion as, in thejudgment of Congress, shall effectually
secure life, liberty, and property, and the enfoice-
ment of law, in ail parts of the United States."
This message was referred to a committee
of nine eminent and experienced members of
this body, who, alter a comparison of views
and examination of previous laws, have re-
ported this bill. Undoubtedly, Mr. Speaker,
the situation imposes on Congress a grave
responsibility. If we have no power to afford
an adequate remedy, then that fact, clearly
ascertained, will relieve Congress of the guilt
