1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31T
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I waive my
demand until the gentleman has made his
explanation.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. My explanation
is this. Mr. Speaker, the people of my city, of
St. Joseph, Missouri, have subscribed $500,000
to construct a bridge across the Missouri river.
The survey has already been made. An attempt
was made during the latter part of the last
Congress to get through a bill authorizing this
company to build the bridge, but it failed for
want of time. The engineer who made the
survey is making out his report, and unless
we can get this bill through we will lose the
spring and summer months in building this
bridge. It is a matter of importance to twenty-
five thousand of my people that this bridge bill
should pass. I ask, therefore, to have it put on
its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. WELLS. I object, unless my colleague
allows me to move an amendment to the bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I demand the
regular order of business.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, and
the morning hour begins at twenty minutes
past twelve o'clock. Reports are first in order
from the select Committee on the President's
southern outrages.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
am directed by the select committee to which
was referred the late message of the President
of the United States to report a bill (H. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time
and ordered to be printed.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section that any person who, under color of
any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, cus-
tom, or usage of any State, shall subject, or
cause to be subjected, any person within the
jurisdiction of the United States to the depri-
vation of any rights, privileges, or immunities
secured by the Constitution of the United
States, shall, any such law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, custom, or usage of the State to
the contrary notwithstanding, be liable to the
party injured in any action at law, suit in
equity, or other proper proceeding for redress,
such proceeding to be prosecuted in the several
district or circuit courts of the United States,
with and subject to the same rights of appeal,
review upon error, and other remedies provided
in like cases in such courts, under the provis-
ions of the act of the 9th of April, 1866, en-
titled "An act to protect all persons in the
United States in their civil rights, and to fur-
nish the means of their vindication," and the
other remedial laws of the United States which
are in their nature applicable in such cases.
The second section provides that if two or
more persons shall, within the limits of any
State, band, conspire, or combine together to
do any act in violation of the rights, privileges,
or immunities of any person, to which he is
entitled under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, which, committed within a place
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of
the United States, would, under any law of
the United States then in force, constitute the
crime of either murder, manslaughter, may-
hem, robbery, assault and battery, perjury,
subornation of perjury, criminal obstruction
of legal, process or resistance of officers in dis-
charge of official duty, arson, or larceny, and
if one or more of the parties to said conspir-
acy or combination shall do any act to effect
the object thereof, all the parties to or engaged
in said conspiracy or combination, whether
principals or accessories, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and upon conviction thereof
Bhall be liable to a penalty of not exceeding
$10,000, or to imprisonment not exceeding
ten years, or both, at the discretion of the
court; provided, that if anji party or parties
to such conspiracy or combination shall, in
furtherance of such common design, commit
the crime of murder, such party or parties so
guilty shall, upon conviction thereof, suffer
death ; and provided also, that any offense pun-
ishable under this act, begun in one judicial
district of the United States and completed in
another, maybedealt with,inquired of, tried,
determined, and punished in either district.
The third section provides that in all cases
where insurrection, domestic violence, unlaw-
ful combinations, or conspiracies in any State
shall so far obstruct or hinder the execution
of the laws thereof as to deprive any portion
or class of the people of such State of any of
the rights, privileges, or immunities named in
and secured by this act, and the constituted
authorities ofsueh State shall either be unable
to or shall from any cause fail in or refuse
protection of the people in such rights, and
shall fail or neglect, through the proper au-
thorities, to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts
shall be deemed a denial by such State of the
equal protection of the laws to which they are
entitled under the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;
and in all such eases it shall be lawful for the
President, and it shall be his duty, to take
such measures, by the employment of the
militia or the land and naval forces of the
United States, or of either, or by other means,
as he may deem necessary for the suppres-
sion ofsueh insurrection, domestic violence, or
combinations; and any person who shall be
arrested under the provisions of this and the
preceding section shall be delivered to the
marshal of the proper district, to be dealt with
according to law. The fourth section pro-
vides that whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the
preceding section of this act shall he organized
and armed, and so numerous and powerful as
to be able, by violence, to either overthrow or
set at defiance the constituted authorities of
such State, or when the constituted authorities
are in complicity with or shall connive at the
unlawful purposes ofsueh powerful and armed
combinations; and whenever, by reason of
either or all of the causes aforesaid, the con-
viction of such offenders and the preservation
of the public safety shall become in such dis-
trict impracticable, in every such case such
combinations shall be deemed a rebellion
against the Government of the United States,
and during the continuance of such rebel-
lion, and within the limits of the district which
shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits
to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States,
when in his judgment the public safety shall
require it, to suspend the privileges of the writ
of habeas corpus, and to declare and enforce,
subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and
other laws of the United States now in force
applicable in case of rebellion, martial law, to
the end that such rebellion maybe overthrown,
provided that the President shall first have
made proclamation, as now provided by law,
commanding such insurgents to disperse ; and
provided also, that the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not be in force after the 1st day of
June, 1872. The fifth and concluding section
provides that nothing herein contained shall
be construed to supersede or repeal any former
act or law except so far as the same may be
repugnant thereto; and any offenses heretofore
committed against the tenor of any former
act shall be prosecuted, and any proceeding
already commenced for the prosecution thereof
shall be continued and completed, the same as
if this act had not been passed, except so far
as the provisions of this act may go to sustain
and validate such proceedings.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
shall now ask, upon the motion which I,now
make to recommit the bill to the committee, so /
that general debate may proceed upon it, that *
the House shall come to an agreement that
for some reasonable time general debate upon
the bill, under the motion to recommit, and
when it will not be subject to amendment, may
proceed.
The SPEAKER. Pending the motion for
the engrossment and third reading, the gentle*,
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] enters a
motion to recommit the bill. The pending
motion is to recommit the bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I would suggest,
Mr. Speaker, that we might agree that general
debate on the motion to recommit might con-
tinue until, say next Friday, occupying the
entire time of the House.
The SPEAKER. The position of the bill
is such that it must occupy., the whole time of
the House.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Even in the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. Yes; it will occupy the
whole time of the House, unless some question
of higher privilege comes up to displace it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My suggestion
further is, that at the end of the time fixed for
general debate we shall then take up the bill
for amendment and consider it under some
arrangement for limited debate—say ten-min-
utes speeches; and that at the expiration of that
time we shall vote upon the bill.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. My colleague from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] speaks about an
''arrangement." I would like to ask if any
arrangement has been made while I was away 1
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am asking that
unanimous consent be now given that such an
arrangement as I have indicated be now made.
Mr. MORGAN. Does my colleague [Mr.
Van Trump] desire a longer time for general
debate under the hour rule than until next
Friday ?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. If the time is to be
limited until Friday we cannot have what
could properly be called general debate at all,
as some of us have no very great facilities for
getting the floor for debate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I only named
Friday, Mr. Speaker, in the expectation that
that limit would be considered to afford long
enough time. I do not suppose any of us
desire to stay here longer than is necessary.
Mr. MORGAN. I would suggest to the
chairman of the committee, inasmuch as I
think there is on this side of the House a gen-
eral disposition to participate in the debate,
that general debate on the bill continue during
this week.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That ia a very slight
extension of the time.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well; let us say
until Monday, or until Tuesday morning. More
time, so far as time is an elemeut in the case,
would probably be gained by the adoption of
that course than by fixing an earlier day.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It depends upon how
general is the desire of gentlemen to partici-
pate in the debate, whether the time even till
next Monday is enough. I do not know how
that may be, as I have been absent.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a suggestion?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that
there is no disposition on this side of the House
to discuss this bill merely for the purpose of
discussion or for the purpose of preventing
final action upon it. I would suggest, thBtg-
fore, that the gentleman shoulapermit this" -
general debate to be commenced and to run
along until what may be deemed in the esti-
mation of the House a reasonable period, so
as to give every opportunity and every facility
upon both sides of the House for full and free
discussion of the whole matter. In my judg-
ment the gentleman will reach a vote upon his
