S18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
bill much earlier by avoiding the fixing of a
particular period of time in which the debate
shall cease.
. Mr. SHELLABARGER. I like the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from New York with
this change, that we agree that, for example,
between now and next Friday the debate shall
proceed under the motion to recommit, so that
any member of the House who may not desire
to attend may know that during those days
he need not attend, as during them no votes
will be taken upon the bill, and that after that
general debate may go forward as long as it
may be the pleasure of the House that it shall
continue.
Mr. WOOD. I would remind the gentle-
man that to-day is Tuesday ; that Saturday is
really no day, so far as business in this House
is concerned. Thus, according to his arrange-
ment, general debate upon this bill would be
confined to Wednesday, Thursday, and Fri-
day. In our ordinary sessions, commencing at
twelve o'clock and ending at four, there would
be given an opportunity for only three or at the
most four speeches a day. The gentleman
will therefore see that it is entirely unwise,
certainly impolitic, if he desires to close this
session at an early period, to offer any oppo-
sition to the suggestion which I make.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb,] or any other gentleman, suggest
a day ou which, or rather prior to which, we
will not commence voting upon the bill ?
Mr. KERR. In response to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And also, if you
please, to name the day when we will vote
finally upon the bill.
Mr. KERR. I am not willing to take upon
myself any such responsibility. I think the
intrinsic importance of this bill is so great that
there should be placed upon the discussion of
it aa nearly as possible no limit at all, except
the discretion of gentlemen whose duty it is
to vote upon it. But I am willing to make
this suggestion: that the general debate, with-
out limitation or any suggestion as to the con-
duct thereof, shall be allowed to run through
this week ; and that on Monday next, or on
Saturday next, if the -House please, we may
then consider what further order we can be
able to make. I think, therefore, there ought
now to be no agreement 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the general debate
run till Monday.
Mr. KERR. Very well, until Monday next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Or, as a friend near me
suggests, until Tuesday.
Mr. KERR. I think there should be now
no agreement with regard to the time for term-
inating general debate. I think no agreement
would be satisfactory to us on this side which
would fix a limit to this discussion. It may
be that, when we shall have entered upon it we
may not want it to run as long as this week.
Leave that to be determined hereafter. The
House is not pressed with other business.
There are none of the ordinary reasons why
we should not now have the most liberal and
full debate on this bill.
And in this connection I desire to make an-
other suggestion, very material to any agree-
ment to which this side of the House may be
willing to consent. That is, that on this bill,
in view of all the circumstances of the coun-
try, we on this side of the House are entitled
to an equal division of the time.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman refers
to the Chair, the Chair will say that he gen-
erally gave an equal division of the time to
the side of the House to which the gentleman
belongs, even when they constituted but one
third of the House.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make no reflection
upon the conduct of the Chair, which has
been impartial in that respect.
The SPEAKER. If it bo left to the judg-
ment of the Chair, such division of the time
will be made.
Mr. KERR. I. want to have that under-
standing general on the part of members of
this House.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a single suggestion in furtherance of
the agreement he proposes?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say simply this,
that if we do make any agreement as to the
time for general debate, there are a great many
members who may desire to speak, but who
would not have an opportunity to do so if
what is very frequently done here should occur.
That is, if the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabargbr,] the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] or any other gentleman having
the floor, should at the expiration of his hour
ask to have his time extended, and should
take another hour, the same courtesy should
be extended to others, or injustice would be
done to some of us. Now, if we go into this
discussion under the hour rule, I want to have
it understood that no man shall have any ex-
tension of his time; I want to have that
understood in advance, so that no one can
take offense at the strict enforcement of the
rule ; that each one shall be entitled to his
hour and no more.
The SPEAKER. If that be the understand-
ing, the Chair will feel it his duty to decline to
entertain any request for extension of time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose that
will not prevent any one asking consent to
print additional remarks.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. As one member on this
side of the House, I am not now prepared to
enter into any distinct agreement. I concur
generally in remarks which have already been
made by gentlemen on this side of the House,
and think the better way for the gentleman
from Ohio, in view of what he has heard stated
on this floor and all around him, will be to
indicate some time before which he will not
call the previous question, and then let it be
understood that before that time there shall
be no vote taken upon the bill, leaving, as is
suggested to me, the question how long the
debate shall continue to be governed by the
temper of the House and the wishes of the
majority.
I make this suggestion for the reason espe-
cially that upon so important a matter as this,
one so entirely novel in its features, we cannot
foretell in the first place how many members
will want to speak upon it. In the next place,
I may frankly express a great curiosity on my
part to know how many gentlemen upon the
Republican side will act and talk and vote upon
this proposition. Until, therefore, I see some
developments upon both sides as to the temper
in which the discussion shall be conducted, and
the purposes which may be avowed as to the
legislation sought to be enacted by this bill,
I am not prepared to enter, so far as I am
personally concerned, into any distinct agree-
ment. Still, in all this matter, I shall be gov-
erned by the wishes of my friends around
me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire whether it is the purpose of the former
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Dawes,] or other gentlemen who exer-
cise a controlling influence upon the majority
of the House, to transact any other business at
this session than this bill?
Mr. DAWES. There is upon the Speaker^
table au important appropriation bill. I was'
proposing, if I could get the ear of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that that bill be not ex-
cluded from the consideration of the House;
that some time during the week we devote an
hour or so to its consideration.
A Member. It will take a good deal more
than an hour.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire, of course,
to interfere with any arrangement which the
gentleman from Ohio is very properly seeking
to make at this time. But without interfering,
if I can avoid it, with any such arrangement,
I desire at some-proper time to ask the House
to consider that appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will yield to me a, moment, I will
suggest that after we have discussed and sent
to the Senate the pending bill, assuming that
it will be passed by a majority of the House,
it will be a very good time, while the Senate
is discussing it and while we are waiting for
their legislation, to take up this appropriation
bill.
Several Members. That is true.
The SPEAKER. In order that members
may know precisely the parliamentary situa-
tion of this bill, the Chair will state that it is
regularly reported in the morning hour. As
members are aware, the morning hour, accord-
ing to the construction adopted by the Chair
during the last two years, runs through the
entire day unless some question of higher priv-
ilege interposes to cut it off. So that this bill,
upon a call for the regular order, will be in
order after the reading of the Journal every
day until disposed of, unless some question
of privilege should intervene, such as a report
from the Committee of Elections or a motion
to go into Committee of the Whole, which
motion would be in order at the expiration of
sixty minutes after the commencement of the
morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Or a motion to pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. Or a motion fo proceed
to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say that
if we are to consider that appropriation bill,
upon which the Senate has piled a mountain
of amendments, legislating and appropriating
for almost every conceivable thing, I hope we
shall not crowd it into the heel ot the session,
to be disposed of some night at midnight upon
the report of a committee of conference. Let
lis act upon that bill by daylight.
Mr. DAWES. I think there need be no
apprehension on that point. I am quite sure
the House will take time enough to consider
that appropriation bill. If, for instance, the
pending bill should go to the Senate, there
would be ample time, while it is being consid-
ered there, for the House to act upon the
amendments to that appropriation bill. If
there should not be, then upon a motion to go
to the Speaker's table, if a majority of the
House should sustain it, that appropriation
bill might be taken up at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that it
is possible the House will amend the appro-
priation bill so that it must go back to the
Senate in order to have its concurrence in any
amendments which may be sent there by the
House; and then we might be discussing this
bill whiie the Senate is acting upon the amend-
ments, which we make.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
will be in his seat and will see that the Treas-
ury is properly guarded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make these re-
marks because we have passed through a great
many jobs at midnight at the heel of a session.
Mr. DAWES. But not with the consent of
the gentleman from Illinois; and so long as
he remains in his seat he can have no mis-
givings that any such thing will occur in the
future.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There are
not fifty members of the House who know the
laws which were passed at the last night of
the session. There are not fifty members here
now who can name the laws which were then
