mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
are as scarce as gentlemen on the other side of
the House would have us believe. Let these
murderous clans disperse, and there can be no
excuse for interference. But in no event does
the bill authorize irresponsible power. The
argument from the other side of the House pre-
supposes a disposition on the part of the Pres-
ident to usurp power ; and it proceeds on the
assumption that a grant of power for a legit-
imate purpose, under circumstances specified
and limited, will be used under different cir-
cumstances for an illegitimate purpose. If it
should, the act will be without help or excuse
from this bill, and Congress will be without
blame.
But apprehensions of that nature become
extravagant and without weight when too often
and causelessly repeated. The conclusion of
honorable gentlemen on the other side of the
House would seem to be, that it is better to
allow State governments to be hindered, and
rights secured by the constitution and laws
of the United States to be overthrown, than
to trust the President with power to enforce
the laws.
Mr. Speaker, I have no eulogy to pronounce
upon the President. An ancient maxim for-
bids to estimate the fortunes of a man while
they are yet incomplete. His great services,
rendered to the Republic while at the head of
our armies, naturally drew to him the grateful
affections of the American people. It was on
their part an appropriate and graceful act to
honor him with the Chief Magistracy. If it
shall turn out to have been a mistake the fault
will not be theirs. The same reasons for pla-
cing him in that high station require that he
shall be kindly and fairly treated while he
remains in it. His ultimate fortunes depend
upon the wisdom and fidelity with which he
may perform its duties. If he shall prove him-
self wise and faithful, his name will shine in
history, one of the brightest in a constellation
of names as illustrious as any which have ap-
peared in the annals of time. If he shall seize
occasions for the exercise of illegitimate power
his name will be clouded. It will stand an
exception in that glorious galaxy of names
faithful to justice and liberty. The choice for
him is the choice between immortal glory and
immortal dishonor. But in no event can it
greatly affect the fortunes of his country. Let
us not be disquieted by uncharitable accusa-
tions and forebodings. The fortunes of Amer-
ica depend not on any man. Whoever shall
be untrue to law and liberty will be blown
away like chaff. Neither the President, by
himself, nor the Congress, by itself, nor the
President and the Congress combined, can
prostrate the liberties of the American people,
for the American people know what it is to
take care of themselves.
Enforcement or the Constitution and laws
of the United States an a the Rights of
the People.  
SPEECH OF HON. J". A. BINGHAM,
of onio,
In" the House op Representatives,
March 31, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. BINGHAM said:
Mr. Speaker: No man is equal to the task
of discussing, as it ought to be discussed, the
issue before this House within the limits of a
single hour. I scarcely hope that I shall have
done more than touch the hem of the garment
of the argument when my hour shall have
expired. But, sir, whatever I may fail to do,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 6.
the great people behind me will not fail to
supply. They, sir, constitute the tribunal
before whom this issue is on trial.
It is the old issue with which the people have
become familiar within the last ten years. It
presents itself, sir, this day only in another
form. In substance it is precisely the issue
which was presented ten years ago upon this
floor, and was discussed ably and exhaustively
upon this side of the House and upon that.
The question then, sir, and the question now,
is, whether it is competent for the Congress of
the United States, under the Constitution of
the United States, in pursuance of its provis-
ions, and in the exercise of the powers vested
by it " in the Government of the UnitedStates
or in any department or officer thereof," to
provide by law for the enforcement of the Con-
stitution, on behalf of the whole people, the
nation, and for the enforcement as well of the
Constitution on behalf of every individual cit-
izen of the Republic in every State and Terri-
tory of the Union to the extent of the rights
guarantied to him by the Constitution.
Until this issue was raised, in 1860-G1, the
constitutional power of Congress to provide
for the common defense and the enforcement
of the Constitution and laws of the United
States had not been seriously questioned in
this House. Now, as then, this power, essen-
tial to the nation's life and the safety of the
people, is here challenged. It amazes me that,
after all that has transpired in this country for
the final settlement of this very question, gen-
tlemen on either side of the House would dare
to open it again. It has been settled by your
courts of justice; it has been settled by the
repeated action of your Congress within the
last ten years; it has been settled by the peo-
ple themselves, by the ballot and by battle,
by laws and by arms; and from their decision
thus made there cannot rightfully lie an appeal.
And yet gentlemen substantially again open
this question to-day.
The question as presented here and now
may be stated thus: is it competent for Con-
gress to provide by law for the better enforce-
ment of the Constitution and laws of the
United States and the better security of the
life, liberty, and property of the citizens of
the United States in the several States of the
Union ? The Constitution is not self-executing,
therefore laws must be enacted by Congress
for the due execution of all the powers vested
by the Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or in any department or any
officer thereof. No man can successfully deny
the power of Congress so to legislate, for it
is^expressly provided in the Constitution that
" Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution" the powers therein ex-
pressly granted to Congress, "and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the UnitedStates, or in any depart-
ment or officer thereof.''
My honorable friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] discussed this question, upon the Con-
stitution as it was and not upon the Constitu-
tion as it is. In the progress of his remarks
the gentleman [Mr. Kerr] did disclose to this
House and to the country the fact that under
the Constitution as it was, it always was com-
petent for the Congress of the United States,
by law, to enforce every affirmative grant of
power and every express negative limitation
imposed by the Constitution upon the States.
The great case from which the gentleman read
in 6 Wheaton, pages 375-447, (Cohens vs. Vir-
ginia,) is a judicial ruling that clearly, dis-
tinctly, and beyond all question, to the extent
of all the affirmative grants of power in the
Constitution, and of all the express negative
limitations of power imposed by the Constitu-
tion upon the States, it is competent for Con-
gress to legislate. From the opinion in this
case, delivered by Marshall, C. .T_, I read the
following:
"America lias chosen to be. in many respects and
to many purposes, a na tion; and for all these pur-
poses, her Government is complete: to all these ob-
jects^ it is competent. The people have declared
that in tha exercise of all powers given for these ob-
jects it is supreme. It can, then, in effecting these
objects, legitimately control all individuals or gov-
ernments within the American territory. The con-
stitution and laws of a Stato, so far as they are
repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, are absolutely void. Theso States are
constituent parts of the United States. They are
members of one great empire." (6 Wheat., p. 414.)
Mr. Speaker, I have not the time to read
from that opinion further. I will state, how-
ever, to the House that in this opinion, scarcely
second in importance to any of the opinions
that emanated from that matchless Chief Jus-
tice whose full-orbed intellect for thirty years
illumined the jurisprudence of his country,
you will find incorporated the words of Ham-
ilton, who was second to no man in gifts of
mind and second to no man in the service
which he rendered to the people of his own day
and to the millions who have come after him in
framing the Constitution of the United States.
Marshall incorporates the words of Hamilton
with approval, words in which Hamilton,
while the Constitution was on trial for adop-
tion or rejection before all the people of the
States, referring to the dual system of govern-
ment, national government, and State govern-
ments, and the judicial powers of each for the
ad mini strati on of the laws of the Union, de-
clared "that the national and State systems
are to be regarded as one whole," and that
"the courts of the latter [the States] will, of
course, be national auxiliaries to the execu-
tion of all the laws of the Union."
The States exercise their judicial power
under the Constitution, and in subordination
to the Constitution, and subject to the express
limitations of the Constitution, but for the
purpose of aiding its enforcement, notof break-
ing it. The Constitution declares—
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under
the authority of the United States, shall be the su<-
preme law of the land: and the judges in every State
shall be bound thereby, anything in the constitu-
tion or laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing."
By the legislation of the First Congress,
passed by the votss of many of the eminent
men who framed the Constitution, then mem-
bers of Congress, and approved by Washing-
ton, the power was given to the humblest cit-
izen aggrieved by the final decision of State
courts against his guarantied rights under the
Constitution and laws of the United States, to
bring the same for review and reversal before
the Supreme Court of the United States,'and
thereby set aside the usurpations of a State.
The judiciary act of 1789 asserts this power
of the Government of the United States fully
and expressly.
The act of 1789, the validity and constitu-
tionality of which has never been challenged
by a respectable court in America, ought to
have satisfied gentlemen that it is too late to
raise the question they are raising here to-day,
the power of Congress to provide by law for
the enforcement of the powers vested by the
Constitution in the Government of the United
States, both against individuals and States, as
Marshall expressed it. I desire to read, merely
for the purpose of recalling the recollection of
the members of the House to its provisions,
from the twenty-fifth section of that act, under
which the case of Cohens vs. Virginia, to which
the honorable gentlemen from Indiana [Mr.
Kebr] referred, came into the Supreme Court
of the United States for review. That section
is as follows :
"A final judgment or decree in any suit, in the
