82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bingham.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
highest court of law or equity of a State in which
a decision in the suit could be had, where is drawn
in question the validity of a treaty or statute of, or
an authority exorcised under the United States, and
the decision is against their validity; or where is
drawn in question the validity of a statute of, or
an authority exercised under any State, on the
ground of their being repugnant to the Constitu-
tion, treaties, or laws of the United States, and the
decision is in favor of such, their validity; or where
is drawn in question tho construction of any clau.se
of the Constitution, or of a treaty, or statute of, or
commission held under the United States, and the
decision is against the title, right, privilege, 01- ex-
emption specially set up or claimed by either party,
under such clause of the said Constitution, treaty,
statute, or commission, may be reexamined and re-
versed or affirmed in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States upon a writ of error, the citation being
signed bytheChief Justice, or judgeorchaneellorof
the court rendering or passing the judgment or de-
oree complained of, or by a justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the same manner and
under the same regulations; and the writ shall have
the same effect as if the judgment or decree com-
plained of had been rendered or passed in a circuit
court; and the proceeding upon the reversal shall
also bethesame, exceptthat theSupreme Court, in-
stead of remanding the cause for a final decision, as
before provided, may, at their discretion, if the case
shall have been once remanded before, proceed to a
final decision of the same, and award execution.
But no other error shall be assigned or regarded
as a ground of refusal in any such case, as afore-
said, than such as appears on the face of the record,
&o.—1 Brightly., p. 259, 260.
Notwithstanding the express grant of power
in the Constitution, and the rulings of Marshall,
and this legislation of the First Congress, gen-
tlemen still aver that Congress cannot consti-
tutionally make laws to enforce the rights of
the nation against either States or unlawful
combinations of men. I answer that the power
to suppress.combinations to obstruct the exe-
cution of the laws of the United States, was
asserted under the administration of Washing-
ton by the Congress'of the United States,
and with his approval. I refer now to the act
of 1795, which brings in question the discre-
tion in the Executive of which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] so loudly com-
plained. The act of 1795 provided—
"That when ever theUnited States shall be invaded,
orbe in immiuent danger of invasion.'' &c., '*itshall
bo lawful for the President of the United States to
call forth such number of the militia of the State or
States as he may judge neccssary to repel such inva-
sion, and to issue his orders for that purpose to such
ofticor or officers of tho militia as he may think
proper."
In the second section of this act it is further
provided:
"Whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed in any
State by combinations two powerful to besuppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or bv
the powers vosted in the marshals by this act, it shall
bo lawful for the President of the United States to
call forth tho militia of such State, or of any other
Stat.o or States, as may be necessary to suppress such
combinations and to cause tho laws to be duly exe-
cuted, and the use of the militia so to bo called forth
may be continued, if necessary, until the expiration
of thirty days after the commencement of the then
next session of Congress."
i11 the third section it is provided that—
" Whenever it may be necessary, in the judgment
of the I3resident, to use the military force hereby
directed to be called forth, the President shall forth-
with, by proclamation, command such insurgents to
disperse, and retire peaccablv to their respective
abodes, withm a limited time."
Then, again, in a further provision of that act,
which I shall not stop to read, it is provided
that the militia being called out, under the
discretion of the President, "and employed in
the service of the United States, shall for the
time being be subject to the same Rules and
Articles of War as tho troops of the United
States," and liable, therefore, to trial and pun-
ishment and execution, even to death, by mil-
itary commission or court-martial. " When-
ever in the judgment of the President it is
necessary," says this act, approved by Wash-
ington and never challenged until these con-
troversies arose in these latter days, to which
I have referred, by any patriot anywhere in the
nation, all the arms-bearing population of the
United States, at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, might be called and coerced into the
service of the nation, and neither habeas corpus
nor any other civil process known either to
the State tribunals of justice or to the national
civil tribunals of justice could interfere in the
premises.
In support of what I have just said I refer
in passing to the ruling made in 12 Wheaton,
page 19, by the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the case of Martin vs. Mott, in which
it was decided that the President is the exclu-
sive and final'judge whether the exigency con-
templated by the law has arisen; a decision the
legal soundness of which has never to this day
been authoritatively questioned.
What becomes, sir, in the light of this early
legislation, this contemporaneous exposition
of the Constitution, of that outcry of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] about
discretion confided to the President being
usurpation ? I can well understand the sig-
nificance of an unlimited discretion in a mon-
archy, where, by the constitution of the State,
the king can do no wrong, and no man may
challenge his decree, which awes a prostrate
and defenseless people into submission. But
I do not understand what significance is to be
attached to this clamor of the gentleman from
New York about discretion being vested in a
President of the United States by the people's
laws, when the President is but the servant
of the people, created by the breath of their
power.
Mr. WOOD. You would make him their
master.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, the gentleman thinks
that the people are not capable of being their
own masters, that the servant may be greater
than liis lord 1 The significance of the gen-
tleman's last remark, if there is any possible
significance in it, (and I say this with all re-
spect,) is that the system of civil polity known
as tho Constitution of the United States is
a failure, that the people are incapable of
self government. The gentleman, I perceive,
inclines to absolute power in a single hand 1
Discretionary power in a President is danger-
ous to the people who intrustitto him as their
more servant 1 The people cannot all assem-
ble at the Capitol. The people cannot in per-
son exercise the powers by them expressly del-
egated to their agents. If their agents abuse
the trust the people are not without remedy.
They can bring to trial and judgment either
a recusant President or a recusant Congress.
" Discretion dangerous to the people!"
Why, sir, the gentleman strikes at the essen-
tial features of your Constitution. The largest
discretion under the Constitution of the United
States is vested in a Congress, consisting of a
Senate and House of Representatives, in which
body the honorable gentleman himself holds a
distinguished place. Consider the discretion
which is vested in Congress. If anything is to
be proved by the gentleman's outcry, if indeed
discretionary power is dangerous to the public
liberty, the people, enlightened by tho gentle-
man, should reform their Constitution and strip
Congress of all discretionary power. That Con-
gress is left to exercise all its great powers
at discretion is undoubted. The Congress of
the Dnited States, under the Constitution, is
invested with power to determine, in their dis-
ci etion, the issues of life and death to the
people of the Republic.
By the Constitution of the country you have
the discretion, when, in your judgment it is
needful and proper, to declare war. In pur-
suance of the exercise of that power you have
the other great power to pass your conscrip-
tion act, when, in your judgment, you deem
it needful; to drag from his home every man
capable of bearing arms in the Republic, to
subject him to the perils of the march or the
greater perils of the battle, and also to the
despotism, as the gentleman calls it, of mar-
tial or military law. After you have declared
war, after you have summoned the whole able-
bodied population of the country to the field,
you have granted to you expressly the further
power to provide by law, to turn out of their
homes the wives and children whom your citi-
zens may have left behind and quarter your
soldiers upon the hearthstone. Who trembles
at the magnitude of this power ?
The people are equal to the task of redress-
ing all wrongs which may be inflicted upon
them either by President or by Congress. If
the President violate the discretionary powers
vested in him the people by their Represent-
atives summon him to the bar of the Senate
to answer for high crimes and misdemean-
ors, and on conviction sot only depose him
from his great office, but make him as one
dead among living men, by pronouncing their
irrevocable decree, from which there is no
pardon on this side of the grave, that never
again shall he hold office of trust, honor, or
profit, in the United States.
As for the members of this House, if they
be false to their trust they must answer every
second year at the bar of public opinion, and
an offended, betrayed, and outraged people,
having the power, know how to make such
betrayers of their rights and their interests
powerless for all the future. The gentleman
cannot trust discretionary power to the Presi-
dent! The people grant discretionary power
to the President, they trust and confide in
him, and have reason to believe that he will
faithfully do his duty.
Additional to this legislation of 1795, Mr.
Speaker, is the act of 1861, which declares in
express words that whenever, in the judgment
of the President, there are unlawful obstruc-
tions, combinations, or assemblages of persons
against the authority of the United States too
powerful to be restrained or controlled by
ordinary judicial process, it shall be lawful for
the President to employ the Army, the Navy,
and the militia of all the States to enforce the
faithful execution of the laws of the United
States. (2 Brightley, 191.) The President's
power under these acts does not wait on the
call of States, or Legislatures, or Governors.
The President acts upon his own judgmentand
discretion under the law. I agree with the
suggestion of my honorable and learned friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridgb,] that the pro-
vision of the Constitution as to the protection
of the States against invasion and insurrection,
upon the call of their Legislature or their Gov-
ernor, is in full force; but it in no wise touches
this power of providing by law for the protec-
tion of all the guarantied rights of the people,
under the Constitution of the United States,
without asking any favor of the Legislature or
the Governor of any State.
Mr. Speaker, having said this much on .this
subject, I refer to the bill under consideration
to say, that I do not propose now to discuss
the provisions of the bill in detail. The bill
incorporates in general the provisions, adapt-
ing them, however, to the existing condition
of things, which have been law from the found-
ation of the Government, and to which I have
referred. There may be provisions in the bill
pending which are not necessary or proper. I f
there be, I shall ask the privilege, and I have
no doubt it will be accorded to me, to attempt
to amend by the favor of the Hoi^e.
Of the general power of Congress to legislate
for the better enforcement of all the powers
vested by the Constitution in the Government
of the United States, and for the better pro-
tection of the people in the rights thereby
guarantied to them against States and combin-
ations of individuals, I have no doubt, for
the reason that it is a closed question, abso-
lutely closed 
