1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
Answer. Yes, sir; if ho could get you in as a wit-
ness you had to swear him out, let you be swearing
a lie or not. If you swore against him, why you
might just as well be a-traveling at onct.
Question. You mean by that you would bo in dan-
gerof your hfe from tho order?
Answer, Yes, sir.
Question. Anything-about getting on the jury?
Annotr. Yes, fair; if we could get on the jury we
could save him, do what you please.
Question. No matter what the proof?
Answer. Yes. sir; you could not bring proof
enough to convict.
The following testimony of Caswell Holt, a
poor and ignorant, but honest and conscien-
tious negro, who was twice visited by the Ku
Klux, will show the manner in which these
outrages are executed:
By the Chairman:
Question. Were the&e men disguised ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question How ?
Antioer. They all had long white robes on, all of
them, loose gowns, and caps on their heads with three
horns. I went to my house; my wife said, "What
did they do to you?" I said, "Don't talk to me;
they pretty nigh killed me." She kept on at me, and
asked me what they said and did to ine. At last she
said. " Must I go down to the house for Mr. Holt? "
I told her, " Yes,youmay godown thereand tell him
to come up; I want to see hiui." I could neither sit,
lie down, nor stand; I was up and down all night,
trying to get some case some way.
Question. To what extent was your back injured?
Answer. It was cut all to pieces; and my wife
pulled a sphnterout of me here [puttinghis hand on
his right hip] as Ions? as my finger, from one of the
sticks they hit me with.
Question. Now go on and tell us about the time
when you were visited again,
Annoer. It went on in that way until the crop was
gathered again; it was about two weeks before Christ-
mas. I had done gathered the crop and sowed a
little wheat on the place. I was going to move the
next week. I would have? left the week before they
shot me, but there was a little road they wanted to
cut out lroin Gun Creek to Company Shops, and I
went there on Saturday and worked on that. I had
been chopping very hard, and came home that night
and laid down on the bed. The boys were nil up
there that night. The dog broke out after I laid
down. There was a hole in the walls of the house;
it was a log house; and the boys peeped out and
said, "Here, pap, tue Ku Klux are all around -the
house." I said, "They aie?" Tney said, "yes."
By this time they were at the door, and said,44 Open
the door." They struck against the doorwith a stick,
or something—bang against the door. I said,'* No,
sir; I don't openmy door forno man, unless ho tells
me who he is and what he wants." He said, 44 God
damn you, open the door." I thoughtwhen he come
that way be wouldn't get me to open it, sure. I
said, "No, sir." He said, "Strikealightbefore you
open it." I said, " I've nothing to make a light of,
and if I had I wouldn't do it, and I won't open the
door." I thou went to the door ; it was a little thin
poplar door, about three Quarter inch plank. I stood
at the door. My biggest boy was standing a little
piece off fiorn me. There was an ax sitting there,
and I picked it up and went to roach it to him, so
that it they should break in we would hurt some of
them betore they did too much mischief. I had a
bowie-knife in my hand, standing thereat the door.
I was standing there as close as I am now to this
table. They said, 44 Open the door." I said I
shouldn't doit. Then one said, "Blow his brains
out." Just as he said that thoy all fired through the
door, just red-hot, just flaming red when they came
through. I didn't taink it was but one crack; but
they said they shot a half a dozen times or more. I
clapped my hand on here [placing his hand ou his
breast] and said, "There, they've shot me." My
boy knew where there were some loose planks in
the floor. He jerked up two of them, and they all
run through under the house—all the biggest of
them; all but the three little girls I had.
Question. What occurred afterward?
Answer. The next morning I sent for the doctor
to come and takeout the balls, Dr. Montgomery. He
came and took out the balls, and told them they had
better move me to Graham, if I was to be moved, or
else they wouldn't move me at all- That evening
they carried me to Graham, and got me there oust
at night. . , % . o
Question. How many balls aid they fire into you.
Answer. [The witness indicated where lie had been
shot—in both arms and in his phest.j There were
live balls, and two shot.
Question. What has been the effect of such pro-
ceedings upon the colored people of that county;
do they feel safe?
Answer. They don't feelsafe there at all, I can tell
you that; and a greatmanv of them havetaken the
notion to leave; they could hardly stay about there.
They wauted to run them all offbccause the principal
part of them voted the Radical ticket.
By Mr. Nye: , ,
Question. Wanted to run all off who voted the
Radical ticket.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you hear that said ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I heard it talked, and I saw
them try it. They tried to turn me from voting the
Republican ticket: but I did'nt turn, and that is
what they shot me for I reckon. That is the ease
every election that has been there. Ihey have been
42d Cong. 1st Sess.— No. 21.
trying to get us to vote the Conservative ticket;
some thsy "would get to vote it, and some they
wouldn't.
Question. Were those that would not vote the Con-
servative ticket the ones that had these outrages
committed on them?
Answer. Yes. sir. Yon never saw one bothered at
all that voted tho Conservative ticket.
Can any one, Mr. Speaker, contemplate these
disclosures without surprise and well-founded
alarm? Yet, sir, the Democratic party have
from the first denied, and then palliated and
excused these outrages. In Tennessee and
other southern States the laws which had been
passed by Republican Legislatures to suppress
and punish the Ku Klux were repealed as soon
as the Democratic party came into power. The
relation of the Democracy to this order is pre-
cisely that of the receiver of stolen property to
the thief. The murder of leading .Repub-
licans, terrifying the colored population, and
putting whole neighborhoods in fear so that
the Ku Klux can control an election, is her-
alded as a Democratic victory.
For the purpose of showing that it is well
understood where these outrages are com-
mitted that the Democratic party is willing and
anxious to receive the benefits of murder and
rapine, I cite the testimony of W. P. Bynam,
the solicitor of the ninth judicial district of
North Carolina, found on page 54 of the Sen-
ate report:
Question. Do the political parties divide in their
sentiments in regard to tho outrages committed by
this organization, or do those of tnesame political
party- differ with each other in regard to them ?
Give us the true state of feeling on that subject.
Answer. I thinkthellepublican party, as a party,
are universally opposed to these klans: they are
regarded by thein as confined to the Democratic
part}', or the Conservative party, as it is called there.
* * * The difficulty with me has been
thatl apprehend they are tacitly countenanced by
tho Conservative party, who are willing to derive
the benefits that may result from their operations.
We may as well concede, Mr. Speaker, that
if this system of violence is to continue in the
South the Democratic party will secure the
ascendency. If political opponents can be
marked for slaughter by secret bands of cow-
ardly assassins who ride forth with impunity to
execute the decrees upon the unarmed and
defenseless, it will be fatal alike to the Repub-
lican party and civil liberty. But, sir, we may
well ask where this will end. How long will
it be before the Tammany Hall Democracy,
who are now furnishing arms to the Ivu Klux
of the South to murder southern Republicans,
will introduce this new element of Democratic
success into northern politics?
The report, Mr. Speaker, to which I have
referred • shows over one hundred and fifty
authenticated cases where persons have either
been murdered, brutally beaten, or driven
away at the peril of their lives. And the same
deplorable state of things exists in South Car-
olina, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Texas. Jails have been
broken open, the officers of the law killed
while attempting to discbarge their sworn duty,
and the criminals turned loose upon the com-
munity. Revenue officers and mail agents of
the United States haveinsome instances been
murdered, and in others driven away from
their posts. But a few days ago, over a hun-
dred Alabama Ku Klux made a raid upon
Meridian, Mississippi, and carried off their
victims for execution. A meeting of the citi-
zens was called to protest against these out-
rages. The Ku Klux became alarmed. At
their instigation warrants were issued for the
arrest of peaceable and well-disposed negroes
upon the charge of '' using seditious language.''
When the court convened they again assembled
in force, and commenced the work ot death.
Judge Bramlette, the presiding magistrate,
was shot and the scene closed by driving the
Republican mayor out of the city. I copy
the following statement of the exiled mayor
from the New York Tribune:
Tho Ku Klux will endeavor to make the people
of the North believe that Judge Bramlette was
killed by a negro. They may make some believe it.
I3ut X do not believe that any of the arrested negroes
had any weapon other than a pocket-knife, as I «i
present at th§ trial for some time and sat close to
the accused, and saw none. But in a direct line from
the sheriff's office door to the main hall there eat
one of those negroes; and X believe, although X saw
not the shooting, that one or many of the ICu Klux,
in carrying out their design, shot Judge Bramlette.
After the negro was shot he jumped out of the two-
story window; after which he was killed. George
Dennis, colored, was shot in the court-room, after
which he was thrown from the two-story window on
to the brick pavement below, and asthatdidnotkill
him, they then cut his throat. Atterthey had killed
J. A. Moore they went and burned his house; and so
they continued their hellish barbarities. They sur-
rounded my brother's house. They were ail armed
with double-barreled shot-guns, and, as I was told,
two hundred in number-
Many good eitizens of Meridian plead for me. as
well as many in theKu Klux columns, who were in
them, not from choico but from necessity. They
appointed committeoaftercommitf.ee to wait upon
me and to inform mo that I must leave by ten
o'clock next day. Their principal commanders vis-
ited mo. X wanted to know the whys and wherefores,
but they said they came not to argue any question of
right; the verdict had been rendered. They treated
me respectfully, but said that their ultimatum was
that I must take a northern-bound train. Iyieldod.
At about half past twelve o'clock at night perhaps
three hundred came and escorted mo to the cars.
Some difficulties and dangers presented, themselves,
bat X got here in safety.
I am much a sufferer in pain and feeling; but 1
believe that the State of Mississippi is able to indem-
nify me. Let me urge the necessity of having mar-
tial law proclaimed through every southern State.
The soldiery to be sent there should bo quartered on
the rebels. Leniency will not do. Gratitude they
have none, Reciprocation of favors they never
dream of.
TO. STUKGES.
New Yop.i:, March 15,1871.
The Democracy have eagerly seized upon a
telegram of Governor Alcorn for the purpose
of concealing the enormity of this affair. But,
sit, a careful analysis of that remarkable dis-
patch will furnish conclusive evidence of all tjie
weakness, imbecility, and indifference of the
State authorities which has ever been charged.
Governor Alcorn says, "A riot occurred re-
cently at Meridian, but was promptly sup-
pressed." What is this statement worth in
face of the facts that there were two riots,
and neither suppressed until the rioters had
accomplished their murderous designs? The
Governor continues: "Some minor outrages
have been committed on other points of the
Alabama border in the night by parties in dis-
guise.'' The murderof Union people all along
the Alabama border is termed "minor out-
rages. '' When, a few years ago, Martin Koszta,
a Hungarian refugee, who had deSlared liis
intention to become a citizen of the United
States, was seized upon foreign territory by an-
Austrian press-gang, our Government exhib-
ited her glory and greatness by demanding his
release,even attheriskof war. Batatthisday,
with the lessons of the rebellion before us, the
Union people of the South are murdered morn-
ing, noon, and night; and when we propose
to legislate in their behalf, we are told by gen-
tlemen on the other side of this House that
Congress has no power under the Constitu-
tion to protect the lives of the citizens of the
Republic. Hear this humane Governor of
Mississippi a little further: "My only diffi-
culty," he says, "in these cases is to discover
the wrong-doers." Here is a confession of
the whole case. It presents tlie singular spec-
tacle of a Governor of a State apologizing
for the murder of American citizens and ac-
knowledging his inability to even discover the
offenders.
The whole South, Mr. Speaker, is rapidly
drifting into a state of anarchy and bloodshed,
which renders the worst Government on the
face of the earth respectable by way of 6om-
parison. There is no security for life, person,
or property. The State authorities and local
courts are unable or unwilling to check the
evil or punish the criminals. It is not a ques-
tion of power or numbers. If the cowardly
miscreants who conceal theirerimes by hideous
disguises, the dark pall of night and the darker
pall of perjury, would give the loyal people of
the South an open field and a fair fight they
would protect themselves. But, sir,^ the Ku
Klux system is ingeniously devised for the
