84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIOHAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
So. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bingham.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
man to me, why did you change the amend-
ment of February, 1866 ? Sir, I sat at the feet
of one who, though departed this life, still
lives among us in his immortal spirit, and still
speaks to us from the reports of the highest
judicial tribunal on earth, which he so long
adorned as the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States. I took counsel,
sir, of that great man, John Marshall, fore-
most of all the judges, in the hope that by .his
guidance, the amendment might be so framed
that in all the hereafter, it might be accepted
by the historian of the American Constitution
and her Magna Charta "as the keystone of
American liberty."
I answer the gentleman, how I came to
change the form of February to the words now
in the first section of the fourteenth article of
amendment, as they stand, and I trust will
forever stand, in the Constitution of my coun-
try. I had read—and that is what induced me
to attempt to impose by constitutional amend-
ments new limitations upon the power of the
States—the great decision of Marshall in Bar-
ron vs. the Mayor and City Council of Balti-
more, wherein the Chief Justice said, in obedi-
ence to his official oath and the Constitution
as it then was:
" The amendments [to the Constitution] contain no
expression indicating an intention to apply them to
the State governments. This court cannot so apply
them.7 Peters, p. 250.
In this case the city had taken private prop-
erty for public use, without compensation as
alleged, and there was no redress for the wrong
in the Supreme Court of the United States;
and only for this reason, the first eight amend-
ments were not limitations on the power of
the States.
And so afterward, in the case of the Lessee
of Livingston vs. Moore and others, (7 Peters,
652,) the court ruled, "it is now settled that
the amendments [to the Constitution] do not
extend to the States." They were but limita-
tions upon Congress. Jefferson well said of
the first eight articles of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, they consti-
tute the American Bill of Bights. Those amend-
ments secured the citizens against any depri-
vation of any essential rights of person by any
act of Congress, and among other things
thereby they were secured in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects against unreason-
able searches and seizures, in the inviolability
of their homes in times of peace, by declaring
that no soldier shall in time of peace be quar-
tered in any house without the consent of the
owner. They secured trial by jury ; they secured
the right to be informed of the nature and cause
of accusations which might in any case be
made against them ; they secured compulsory
process for witnesses, and to be heard in defense
by counsel. They secured, in short, all the
rights dear to the American citizen. And yet
it was decided, and rightfully, that these amend-
ments, defining and protecting the rights of
men and citizens, were only limitations on the
power of Congress, not on the power of the
States.
In reexamining that case of Barron, Mr.
Speaker, after my struggle in the House in
February, 1866, to which the gentleman has
alltaded, I noted and apprehended as I never
did before, certain words in that opinion of
Marshall. Referring to the first eight articles
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the Chief Justice said: "Had the
framers of these amendments intended thera
to be limitations on the powers of the State
governments they would have imitated the
iramers of the original Constitution, and have
expressed that intention." Barron vs. The
Mayor, &c., 7 Peters, 250.
Acting upon this suggestion I did imitate the
framers of the original Constitution. As they
had said "no State shall emit bills of credit,
pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law,
or law impairing the obligations of contracts
imitating their example and imitating it to the
letter, I prepared the provision of the first sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment as it stands
in the Constitution, as follows:
"No StateBhall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of the
citizens of the United States, nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
I hope the gentleman now knows why I
changed the form of the amendment of Feb-
ruary, I860.
Mr. Speaker, that the scope and meaning
of the limitations imposed by the first section,
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
may be more fully understood, permit me to
say that the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States, as contradistin-
guished from citizens of a State, are chiefly
defined in the first eight amendments to the
Constitution of the United States. Those eight
amendments are as follows:
Article I.
Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the freo exercise
thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of
the press, or the right of tho people peaceably to
assemble, and to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances.
Article II.
A well-regulated militia being necessary to the
security of a freo State, the right of tho people to
keep and. bear arms shaLl not be infringed.
Article III.
No soldier shall, in time of peace, be quartered
in any house, without the consent of the owner, nor
in time of war, but in the manner to be prescribed
bylaW' Article IV.
The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papors, and effects, against unreason-
able searches and soizures, shall not be violated, and
no warrant shall issue but upon probable cause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
describing the placo to be searched and the porsons
or things to be seized.
Article V.
No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in oases aris-
ing in tho land or naval forces, or in the militia,
when in actual service in time of war or publio
danger; nor shall any person be subject for thesamo
offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb,
nor shall bo compelled on any criminal case to bo
a witness against himsolt, nor be deprivod of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law;
nor shall private property be taken for public use
without just compensation.
Article VI.
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and publio trial, by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crimeshall have been committed, which district shall
have been previously ascertained by law, and to be
informed of tho naturo and cause of the accusation ;
to be confronted with the witnesses against him ; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in
his favor; and to have tho assistance of counsel for
his defense.
Article VII.
In suits at common law, where the value in con-
troversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of
trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by
jury shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of
the United States, than according to the rules of
the common law.
Article VIII.
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor exces-
sive fine:-; imposed, nor cruel and unusual punish-
ments inflicted.
These eight articles I have shown never
" were limitations upon the power of the States,
until made so by the fourteenth amendment.
The words of that amendment, "no State shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States," are an express prohibition
upon every State of the Union, which may be
enforced under existing laws of Congress, and
such other laws for their better enforcement
as Congress may make.
Mr. Speaker, that decision in the fourth of
Washington's Circuit Court Reports, to which
my learned colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] has
referred is only a construction of the second
section, fourth article of the original Constitu-
tion, to wit, "The citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States." In that case
the court only held that in civil rights the
State could not refuse to extend to citizens of
other States the same general rights secured
to its own.
In the case of The U nited States vs. Primrose,
Mr. Webster said that—
"For the purposes of trade, it is evidently not in
the power of any State to impose any hinderance or
embarrassment, &e., upon citizens of other States,
or to place them, on coming there, upon a different
footing from her own citizens.1'—6 Webster's Works,
112.
' Tl e learned Justice Story declared that—
" The intention of the clause 0 the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in tho several States,') was to confer
on the citizens of each State a general citizenship,
and communicated all the privileges and immunities
which a citizen of tho same State would be entitled
to under the same circumstances." — Story on the
Constitution, vol. 2, page 605.
Is it not clear that other and different priv-
ileges and immunities than those to which a
citizen of a State was entitled are secured by
the provision of the fourteenth article, that no
Slate shall abridge the privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States, which are
defined in the eight articles of amendment, and
which were not limitations on the power of the
States before the fourteenth amendment made
them limitations?
Sir, before the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment, the State could deny to any citi-
zen the right of trial by jury, and it was done.
Before that the State could abridge the free-
dom of the press, and it was so done in half of
the States of the Union. Before that a State,
as in the case of the State of Illinois, could
make it a crime punishable by fine and impris-
onment for any citizen within her limits, in
obedience to the injunction of our divine Mas-
ter, to help a slave who was ready to perish j
to give him shelter, oifbreak with him his crust
of bread. The validity of that State restriction
upon the rights of conscience and the duty of
life was affirmed, to the shame and disgrace of
America, in the Supreme Court of the United
States; but nevertheless affirmed in obedience
to the requirements of the Constitution. (14
Howard, 19-20. Moore vs. The People.)
Under the Constitution as it is, not as it was,
and by force of the fourteenth amendment, no
State hereafter can imitate the bad example
of Illinois, to which I have referred, nor can
any State ever repeat the example of Georgia
and send men to the penitentiary, as did that
State, for teaching the Indian to read the les-
sons of the New Testament, to know that new
evangel, "The pure in heart shall see God."
Mr. Speaker, this House may safely follow
the example of the makers of the Constitu-
tion and the builders of the Republic, by pass-
ing laws for enforcing all the privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States,
as guarantied by the amended Constitution
and expressly enumerated in the Constitution.
Do gentlemen say that by so legislating we
would strike down the rights of the State?
God forbid. I believe our dual system of
government essential to our national exist-
ence. That Constitution which Washington
so aptly said made us one people, is essential
to our nationality and essential to the pro-
tection of the rights of all the people at home
and abroad. The State governments are also
essential to the local administration of the
law, which makes it omnipresent, visible to
every man within the vast extent of the Re-
public, in every place, whether by the wayside
or by the fireside, restraining him by its ter-
rors from the wrong, and protecting him by its
power, in the right.
wfhn is there here to say that any State ever
