322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
express purpose of enabling a few bad men to
intimidate the masses of the people, to avoid
any conflict with the military power, and to
control the State'coarts and local authorities
by perjury and fraud.
It is an extraordinary combination to com-
mit crime, and requires extraordinary legisla-
tion (or its suppression. What that legislation
shall be imposes a grave responsibility upon
Congress. It is a fundamental principle of
law that while the citizen owes allegiance to
the Government he has a right to expect and
demand protection for life, person, and prop-
erty. But we are not compelled to rest upon
this inherent and undeniable right to protect
our own citizens. The Constitution of the
United States contains an express grant of
power coupled with an imperative injunction
for its exercise. The first section of the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution provides that no State shall ''deny
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws."
When thousands of murders and outrages
have been committed in the southern States
and not a single offender brought to justice,
when the State courts are notoriously power-
less to protect life, person, and property, and
when violence and lawlessness are universally
prevalent, the denial of the equal protection of
the laws is too clear to admit of question or
controversy. Full force and effect is there-
fore given to section five, which declares that
"Congress shall have power to enforce by
appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article." The authority thusconferred is sub-
ject to no restrictions or limitations. It is for
Congress in its discretion to determine what
legislation is appropriate, and its decision is
binding upon every other department of the
Government. The inquiry, if any arises, is
not what Congress may do, but what it may
not do.
It is certain that under this provision of the
Constitution Congress has power to declare
martial law in the insurrectionary districts, to
fully investigate these outrages, and to provide
for their trial and punishment in the United
States courts where perjury in the jury-boxand
on the witness-stand can be guarded against,
and where the military power can be called
upon to aid in the enforcement of tho laws.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the wisdom of
enlightened statesmanship can prescribe a
1 remedy for any crime which the ingenuity of
bad men can invent, and that a failure on our
part to provide "appropriate legislation" for
the fearful disorders which prevail throughout
the South would be an admission, false in fact
and disgraceful in character, that our crim-
inal law is a mockery and our Government a
failure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question being pat, the motion was
agreed to.
Pending the adjournment,
withdrawal of tapers.
Mr. McHENRY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House, papers in the following cases:
John Bruce, Frank Box, James E. Dickey,
C. T. Delong, Henry Johnson, M. L. Broad-
well, John L. McGee, William L. Nourse,
Mary Scott, James F. Ware, C. A. Webster,
Caleb Walton, Newton Smith, Isaac N. Webb,
W. R. Brier.
ezra kipp.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of-the House the papers in the case of
Ezra Kipp.
william wehle.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from tha files of the House the papers in the
case of William Wehle.
george l. gillespie.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was also given to with-
draw from the files of the House the papers in
the case of George L. Gillespie.
leave op absence.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence during the remainder
of this week.
Mr. TUTHILL, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for two weeks.
south carolina representation.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the certificate of elec-
tion of Lucius Wimbush as Congressman-at-
large from the State of South Carolina; and
the same was referred to the Committee of
Elections.
contested election morris ts. iiandley.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House testimony in the
contested-election case of Norris vs. Handley,
third congressional district of Alabama ; and
the same was referred to the Committee of
Elections.
blackfeet indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a
resolution of the House of March 15, 1871, in
reference to the charges made by the late agent
for the Blackfeet Indians, in the Territory of
Montana, against the superintendent of Indian
affairs for said Territory ; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, when appointed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined, and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (8. No. 100) to reestablish the office
of surveyor at Eastport, Maine.
leave of absence.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, asked
and obtained leave of absence from March 20
to April 5, both days inclusive.
change of ship's name.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, for consideration at this
time, to which there will be no objection, I
think, and which will not take five minute3 to
dispose of.
TheSPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objection to its present consideration
will be in order.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the name of
the ship William F. Storer, of which Charles
H. Marshall & Co., of the city of New York,
are the agents and ship's husband, to that of
Hamilton Fish, and to grant to said vessel a
register under the said name of Hamilton Fish,
and provides that said vessel shall be exempt
from any additional tonnage dues in conse-
quence of such change of name.
Mr. WHEELER. This bill has the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to say that
during the two years that I served on the Com-
mittee on Commerce that committee steadily
declined in every case to sanction legislation
of this character.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the consideration of this bill at this
time?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I am not objecting
to the consideration of the bill, for I suppose
it, is already before the Hou^e. I merely de-
sire to state that for the safety of passengers,
as well as of shippers of freight, the Commit-
tee on Commerce has for two years steadily
adhered to the policy of not allowing th e names
of vessels to be changed, so that passengers
may not get upon old craft under new names,
and shippers may not ship their goods upon
old craft under new names.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
Senate will not act upon any legislation of this
character at this session, even if we send it to
them.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to this bill ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I made the motion to
adjourn, which motion was put to a vote of
the House. I do not object to this bill, but I
understand the Senate will not act on it if we
pass it.
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion to
adjourn the House, by a viva voce vote,
agreed to it. If no further count be asked,
the motion will be considered as agreed to.
No further count was asked ; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CONGER: A petition to establish
certain post routes in the counties of Oakland
and Lapierre, in the State of Michigan.
By Mr. COX: The petition of J. D. Hen-
derson and others, citizens of Little Falls, New
York, referring to an outrage on a colored
citizen, representing that Governor Hoffman
is a Democrat, and might pardon ; and asking
for a regiment of United States troops, and a
proper bill to be passed without reference to
the Constitution, &c.
By Mr. KE TCHAM : A memorial of the
New York county council of the Union League
of America, asking Congress to so amend the
law as to provide for the election of presi-
dential electors and members of Congress on
a uniform day throughout the United States;
also, that in canvassing the votes, ballots for
these officers be first counted.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The memorial of Rich-
ard K. Kuhn, heir and for co-heirs of Peter
Kuhn, deceased, of Philadelphia, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations committed prior
to the year 1802.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Com-
modore Junius Boyle, United States Navy,
praying for compensation due his late father
for services as Acting Secretary of the Navy.
My Mr. PECK: The petition of Phill H.
Bayes, H. T. Brigham, and 84 others, soldiers
and citizens of Fulton county, Ohio, asking
that a law be passed giving each soldier, sailor,
or marine, who served in the late rebellion one
hundred and sixty acres of land without actual
settlement. Also, an act giving to each hon-
orably-discharged soldier, sailor, or marine
bounty at the rate of ยง8 33J per month from
date of enlistment until discharged.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of John
Cartwright and others, members of the bar of
Meigs county, Ohio, asking that said county be
included in the middle judicial district of Ohio
when constituted.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of George
W. Bradford and others, of Monroe county,
Michigan, asking that a grant of one hundred
and sixty acres of land be made to each soldiet
of the late war, and that bounties be equalized.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 29,1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings waj
read.
Mr. POMEROY. -I noticed by the reading
of the Journal that a petition was presented
yesterday which purports to have been signed
in 1823, almost fifty years ago. I ask whether
the presumption is not that those men are
dead, and whether dead men can petition.
