824
THE' COFG-feSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
consin, [Mr. Howe,] seven in all. The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] goes on to say :
"These seven Senators took all the various bills
in a committee-room of this body, and step by step
they analyzed them."
In another part of tho debate the Senator
says in his emphatic way:
% "Mr. President, that bill was framed by a Repub-
lican caucus. It was reported to the Senate, and
was passed here at four o'clock on the morning: of
the 15th or 16th of February, 1867. I have giren its
history and tho circumstances under which it was
Says the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] of this great measure of the military
reconstruction of the South:
/'This whole subject was practically taken for the
time from the jurisdiction of the Senate into a
caucus of the Republican party."
Then, after stating that by that caucusit was
referred to a committee, he says:
"In that committee this reconstruction bill was
debated and matured, sentence by sentence, word
for word."
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] says,
strongly:
, "Mr. President, that bill was framed by a Repub-
lican caucus.'1
Now, sir, how can it be said with accuracy
by the Senator from Rhode Island, or by any
other Senator, that " never did I know any
measure"—of course I understand any meas-
ure of genera] legislation by that language—
" to be submitted to a Republican caucus, and
never did I know any attempt to bind the party
upon any measure?"
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator read
■what follows, which qualifies it?
Mr. CASSERLY. I had it all read once.
If the Senator wishes me to do so, I will read
it again.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not care about its
being read, but I specially said that measures
were considered in caucus. I specially stated
that.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no doubt that
measures are considered in caucus; but the
point is whether the caucus binds the con-
sciences of Senators in their action in the
open Senate. _ . i
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the question. I
Mr. CASSEllLY. That is the point. I j
did not suppose that at this day it was a ques-
tion. Idid not imagine that atthisday after all
that, has taken place for the last twelve years,
such a question would be seriously made. For
what did the Republican Senators go into
caucus on the military reconstruction bill ? To
come out and vote as they thought before, to
adhere to their previous opinions? Nothing
of the sort. The history of the military recon-
struction bill shows that that is not the object
or the effect ofa caucus ; that it is not the un-
derstanding. Then, as now, the honorable men
who go into such a caucus regard themselves
as bound by its results. They did so regard
themselves.^ It was that caucus, held during
ihe night ol the 14th and the morning hours of
the loth of February, 1867, which passed that
bill in the Senate. The bill could not have
been passed except for that caucus. You may
call it by any name you please. Any Senator I
,may apply what salve he chooses to his OWE1 j
sell respect. He may say that Republican !
caucus was merely a meeting for considera- j
tion, and that others are the same. No, sir :
H is not so, and every man knows it. The
caucusot I' ebruary, 1867, was a caucus to com-
pel milted and harmonious party action, to
compel it by bringing to bear the majority rule,
whip la all dissentients.
The case in hand proves it. Here was a
question, the greatest, the gravest, the most
'• < lUmentul that had arisen up to that time. '
On such a question thirteen Senators, per-
haps fourteen, differed from fifteen. By one,
or at the most two votes, that great measure
was imposed upon those thirteen men; im-
posed upon a majority of the Senate ; and by
means of that caucus, by means of that fmpo-
sition, by means of the moral coercion of that
private and secret assemblage, and in no man-
ner otherwise, that bill became a law. A man
has only to study the debate of the 10th of
February, 1870, to see that it was perfectly
well understood that without the caucus the
bill never could have become a law. There
was no pretense, during that memorable debate
of the 10th of February, 1870, that the cau-
cus was merely an open, free conference, in
which no man was bound, and every man was
at liberty to adhere to his own conscientious
opinions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
California oblige nre, as I have just come in,
by referring to the page of the Globe where the
remarks he is quoting are to be found?
Mr. CASSERLY. They begin on page 1177,
February 10, 1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thank you.
Mr. CASSERLY. I had everything read in
full just as I found it here before the coming in
of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmoxds.]
Why, sir, in all the debate of February 10,
1870, it was understood, just as I have stated,
that the Republican Senators were bound by
the caucus. The Senator from Massachusetts
so understood it when he said:
" Senators who were here at that time remember
well that this whole subject was practically taken for
the time from the jurisdiction of tho Senate into a
caucus of the Republican party."
So he understood it when he said :
"In that committee this reconstruction bill was
adopted and matured, sentence by sentence, word for
word."
So the Senator from Ohio nearest to the
Chair [Mr. Sherman] understood that caucus
when he said:
"Mr. President, that bill was framed by a Eepub-
lican caucus."
Does all that mean a meeting merely for
consideration? In that caucus there were
thirteen Senators who voted against the bill.
How many of them voted against it in the Sen-
ate? Did any number of them? If one so voted
I should like to hear it? Did one? If one did
not, it shows how they all understood it that
were in the caucus; that they understood the
caucus was binding, and that they were, one
and all, held to abide the decision of the ma-
jority. That is all there is of it, sir. It is all
summed up in that. The action of the minor-
ity in the Senate proves that they felt them-
selves bound, and that proves my case. Argue
and split hairs as you will, to this conclusion
must you come at last.
Further to show that all this, and nothing
but this, was fully understood in the debate
of February 10, 1870, I ask to have read a
portion of the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thdrman.] They show that he
viewed the caucus and its doings precisely as
I am now stating them, and that he reproached
the majority for so gross an abuse. Yet no
man of the majority denied what he said. No
Senator then denied that the caucus bound,
and bound absolutely, the votes in the Senate
of all who were present at the caucus.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
.".Tho reconstruction acts in their scope, considered
with reference to tho frame, form, and constitufion
ot our Government, are the most important that ever
were p.issed by an American Congress, raising the
most profound questions about our Government and
the constitutional rights of the States and the peo-
ple: and this history that has been spoken here to-
day snows tbatthey were resolved upon, that shape
andtorm, and purpose was given to them not in the
open ben ate of the United States, not by that con-
stitutional body that ought to decide such ques-
tions but m the secrct recesses of a party caucus—a
strange revelation, Senators, in the history of your
country!"
_ No man of any side of polities in the Senate
in that debate, and no man of any side in the
internal controversy that agitated the majority
here at that time, intimated anything to the
contrary of what I now contend. It was not
then suggested by any one that the caucus was
merely a. free conference for the interchange
ot views without binding any one. No, sir j
nothing of the kind was thought of. Expressly
impliedly, and by silence undei accusation by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tiior.man,] the
binding effect of the caucus was declared
throughout that debate.
I cannot speakfrom any personal knowledge
as to the previous practice of the great polit-
ical parties which divided the country before
the Republican paity obtained the reins of
power. Upon inquiry I have understood that
it never wa3 suggested, until tho Republican
rule in this country, that upon great measures
those especially which involve constitutional
questions, a caucus should bind theconsciences
of Senators. I have gathered up a mass of
testimony upon the point, and it is all one way,
that upon ail such measures the consciences
aud the course of Senators were left free before
the accession to power of the Radical party.
How different was the case with the caucus
which had its doings brought to light, for the
first time, so far as I am aware, in the debate
of February 10 of last year? As all the facts
show, that caucus did bind the consciences of
Senators. It was Called for that purpose, and
no other. It was called because it was fully
ascertained from the debate in the Senate that
there could be no agreement among the Sen-
ators of the majority here as the re.-ult of open
discussion in the Senate. Why, then, have a
caucus, except by the vote ofa majority there,
arrived at in secret, to bind the Senators whom
debate and discussion in the Senate had failed
to convince?
I care not what may be the fine drawn dis-
tinctions or theories of Senators now. The
world knows that of the thirteen or fourteen
Senators of that caucus who were voted down
by the fifteen who made the majority, not one
left the caucus that weary morning, before day,
the same free man he was when he entered it.
No, sir, not one.
It anything could add to what seems to me
the enormity ot the proceeding, it is found iu
the fact that the caucus which accomplished
results so tremendous in their magnitude and
in their consequences contained but twenty-
eight or twenty nine Senators. Upon the vital
point in controversy the vote in the caucus
was fifteen to thirteen or fifteen to fourteen.
At all events, there wer.e less than thirty Sen-
ators in it; less than a quorum ; and of those
thirty, fifteen men, by their votes coercing the
other thirteen, fastened upon the country the
military reconstruction bill. As the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] says :
Mr. President, that bill was framed ia a Repub-
lican caucus."
'"Framed" by fifteen men, carried by fifteen
men over the heads and against the judgment,
the conscience, and the votes of thirteen men.
As so framed by fifteen men, it passed tliia
body and became a law.
No, sir, it will not do to deny the binding
power of a Republican caucus of the Senate.
Almost daily do we not hear discussions in the
Senate as to whether a particular measure is
according to the caucus or not? Do we not
see from day today Senators vote for or against
ameasure, or refrain from voting at all, because
they do not wish to appear to violate the decrees
of caucus ?
Why is all this if the caucus be theharmless,
innocent thing which it is now represented to
be, leaving every Senator free and unlettered
to vote according to his conscientious judg-
ment? I should be glad indeed if Ihe domin-
ant party iu this body, which has so much
power i'or good as well as for evil, would see
the propriety and the necessity of abstaining
from_ forcing the conscience of its own mem-
bers iu a private caucus upon mt asuivsof gen-
eral const quence, niuch more upon measures
of constitui iunul importance. Aud, sir, if tins
discussion of the subject shall in any degree,
however slight, tend to draw the a'.'.«-iition of
the Senatois here to this great evil, 1 thail feel
ior one that it has not takeu place in vain.
