rsn:]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
42d Cong....1st Bess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Storm.
Ho. 03? Reps.
of offenses of which Congress may take cog-
nizance, and we say that they cannot construe
the first section of the fourteenth article of
amendment to deny the States the right to pun-
ish other crimes under other circumstances,
and within other certain territorial limits.
Article one, section eight, last clause, says:
*' Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive
legislation in all cases whatsoever over such district
(not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession
of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of governmentof the United States,
and to exercise like authority over all places pur-
chased by the consent of the Legislature of the State
in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dook-yards, and all other need-
ful buildings."
Look at the limitation of authority. Sir, it
would strike one as remarkable, after reading
that expression, that even Congress for several
years before the judiciary act was passed, be-
fore, I believe, it was ever contemplated that
this particular District should be the seat of
government, was so anxious to confine and
circumscribe the limits of the great power which
the wisdom of our forefathers saw springing up.
Article three, section two, provides:
"The-judicial power shall extend to all cases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made or which
shall be made under their authority, to all cases
attesting embassadors," &c.
Going on to mention several crimes of which
the United States courts may take cognizance.
In connection with that I would mention this
remarkable fact, which I think has not been
introduced in this discussion so far: there is
but one clause in the Constitution which gives
the Federal Government jurisdiction over eases
arising between citizens of the same State, and
that is the clause which I have just read. It
is there stated, and the reason is given for
giving jurisdiction in the particular case. It
is where citizens of the same State claim iands
underthe grants of different States; forit would
be dangerous to justice in such a question to
leave its determination to the courts of either
of the States making the grant. They would
be subject to great temptations arising from
bias or prejudice; and, if justly decided, their
judgment in all cases where it would be against
the claimant of the other State would be ob-
noxious to the charge of partiality. This is the
only case provided for under the Constitution,
and the reason is apparent. No such reason
applies in the case of the bill before us; and
the reason ceasing, the law ceases also.
In connection with this let us see what the
act for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States says. Act of April 30, 1790,
section three, says—
"That if any person or persons shall, within any
fort, arsenal, dock-yard, magazine, or in any other
place or district of country under the sole and
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, commit
the crime of willful murder, such person or persons,
on being thereof convicted shall suffer death," &c.
The eighth section is to the same purpose.
This act passed at the second session of
the First Congress, and aids us in giving the
true construction to the Constitution. These
acts must all be construed pari passu. Now,
this is what the law says on that question, what
the Constitution guaranties in this case; and
what lawyer would risk his reputation by say-
ing they are not an eternal barrier to the pas-
sage of the proposed bill?
But we are not left to simply what the Con-
stitution says or what it does not say on that
question. We have the declaration of the
Supreme Court in this case. And I say that
one case quoted, covering this point, uutil it
is controverted or until a different authority
be set up to overthrow it, must stand forever.
This very question was before the court in the
case of Cohens vs. Virginia. The case was
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham ;] but he simply gave those portions
of the decision of Chief Justice Marshall which
suited the end he then had in view. But the
points to which I call attention are, I think,
of more importance, and are as follows:
"Connected with the power to legislate within the
District [of Columbia] is a similar power in forts,
arsenals, dock-yards, &c. Congress has a right to
punish murder in i fort or other place within its
exclusive jurisdiction but no general right to pun-
ish murder committed within any of the States."
* * * * "So, in the same act, [the act of
1790,] section six, a person who, having knowledge
of the commission of murder or other felony on the
high seas, or within any fort, arsenal, dock-yard, mag-
azine, or other place or districtof country within the
sole and exclusive jurisdiction of theUnited States,
shall conceal the same, &c., shall be adjudged guilty
of misprision of felony. It is elearthat Congress can-
not punish felonies generally, and of consequence
cannot punish misprision of felony. It is equally
elearthat a State Legislature, the State of Maryland,
for example, cannot punish those who in another
State conceal a felony committed iu Maryland."
All that the eloquent gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] said to day of Chief Justice
Marshall we on this side cordially indorse.
We say that we have in support of our posi-
tion the authority of his great name, and that
the legislation proposed in this bill has not his
sanction, is not supported by the case which
the gentleman from Ohio cited.
But, as I before remarked, it may be said
that since this decision has been made, and
laws passed in accordance with it, an import-
ant amendment to the Constitution has been
adopted. I agree that the fourteenth amend-
ment is important; but its importance does
not consist in either the first or the last clause,
but in the intermediate ones. The fact is that
when this amendment was under consideration
in the House but little was said upon the ques-
tion of jurisdiction of the Federal courts in
cases of this kind, because the attention of the
country was then called to the fact that the
effort was then being made to change the basis
of representation, to disfranchise large bodies
of people, and questions relating to the public
debt, &c. Sir, if the views now announced
by gentlemen on the other side of the House
had then been promulgated, that amendment
would never have been ratified. If the mon-
strous doctrine now set up as resulting from
the provisions of that fourteenth amendment
had then even been hinted at, that amendment
would have received an emphatic rejection at
the hands of the people.
But, sir, I say that the first clause of the four-
teenth amendment enacted nothing new. As
the gentleman from Ohio himself said, it was
simply the civil rights bill reenacted through
superabundant caution. The first clause of the
fourteenth amendment, in view of the previous
provisions of the Constitution and the decis-
ions of the courts under those provisions, was
merely a piece of tautology, adopted from
superabundant caution. The privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States
had already been secured by article four, sec-
tion two, clause one of the Constitution, which
provides that " the citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all the privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens in the several States." Judge
Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, second volume, page 527, had said, long
before the adoption or agitation of this con-
stitutional amendment, that "the citizen of
each State is, ipso facto, a citizen of the United
States."
Again, the protection of citizens against the
deprivation of life, liberty, or property, with-
out due process of law, was provided for in the
fifth amendment, which declares that no per-
son shall "be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law." I admit
that this provision wasintended as a limitation
upon the powers of the Federal Government;
yet, being but a reaffirmation of the principles
of the common law, inhibiting what was per se
wrong, it was, like the doctrine that person
shall not be put twice in jeopardy of life or
limb for the same offense, an inhibition upon
the States. ■ This being the case, nothing new
was enacted, and no new interpretation was
required.
The power of Congress to enforce the four-
teenth article by appropriate legislation does
not give any new right or change the ordinary
rule of interpretation, for even that has not
the merit of originality. The Constitution
already contained an equivalent provision. By
the last clause of section eight of article one
of the Constitution Congress was empowered—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and a,U other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States."
It had even been decided, in the case of
McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland, that this
would have been the rule of interpretation in
the absence of such an express provision. In
other words, the power to enforce by appro-
priate legislation all the provisions of the Con-
stitution was necessarily implied in that instru-
ment. Hence, it seems to me clear that the first
and last clauses of the fourteenth amendment
enacted nothing new. It took no ground which
had not been already covered by the decisions
made prior to the adoption of that amendment.
I submit, therefore, that the right of Con-
gress to pass such a bill as this is not found in
the Constitution, but, on the contrary, is de-
nied by that instrument. It provides that "no
State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law." Now,
we say—and here is the point where we differ
in the discussion of this question—that the
"due process of law" contemplated by this
provision is the "process of law" of the
States, not the "process of law" of the Uni-
ted States; because if it meant the "prooess
of law" of the United States we would be in-
volved in this absurdity, that it commanded
the State to perform a duty and then took
away.the power to perform it. The jurisdic-
tion spoken of in that clause certainly is not
the jurisdiction of the United States, but the
jurisdiction of the State itself.
The right to pass this law is not found in
our Constitution! It is not found in the con-
temporaneous exposition of the Constitution,
as embodied in the adjudicated cases of the
Supreme Court and in the acts of Congress.
Some have said Congress has this power by
legal intendment and implication. Story, (vol-
ume 2, page ISO,) speaking of implied powers,
says :
"They neither enlarge any powers specifically
granted, nor are they a grant of any new power to
Congress."
Mr. Kelley finds the power in the preamble.
Hear what Story says :
"And here we must guard ourselves against an
error which is too often allowed to creep into the
discussions upon this subject. The preamble never
can be resorted to to enlarge the powers confided to
the General Government or any of its departments.
It cannot confer any power per a?; it can never
amount by implication to an enlargement of any
power expressly given. It can never be the legiti-
mate source of implied powers."
The necessity for such legislation has noth-
ing to do with the question, for it is not
alleged that the necessity exists in most of the
States for any such legislation. Story says
(volume 2, page 139) that—
" The degree in which a. measure is necessary can
never be a test of the legal right to adopt it."
It is a great wrong that certain persons
should be disturbed in their rights from causes
difficult to be reached; but it would be an
infinitely greater wrong to strike down our
Constitution, which protects forty millions of
people.
The history of the Republican party is one
of repeated violations ot the Constitution. It
has had but one object, and it has pursued that
with great tenacity of purpose : the centraliza-
tion of all power in the Federal Government.
