326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
though it was, as far as reply was concerned,
on the last enforcement bill, was one which
might have been listened to with benefit.
It is an extraordinary thing, and is a very
significant feature in the history of this body,
when a Senator so intelligent, so upright, of
a lone so satisfactory in other respects, finds a
cause for congratulation in the power of a
Senator to refrain from listening to a debate
upon grave questions or from answering what
is said. The very essence of a body of this
kind is that discussion shall be had and heard.
Without that there can be no just judgment.
Nothing was ever finer than the truth utterred
by the old writer , " He who decides without
hearing, though he may decide rightly, does
not decide justly." It did not need the great
mime of Francis Bacon, who adopted that
truth years after it was uttered, to make it
one of the axioms of humanity; and it is
impossible for any Senator seriously to con-
tend in this body or out of it that it is not a
flagrant disregard of the constitutional obliga-
tions which bind us all here, for Senators to
refuse to listen to a serious debate, in good
faith, upon great constitutional questions, or to
sit in Silence and omit to bring forward any
arguments pro or con in reference to a measure
involving such questions.
it is not necessary for me to refer to what
the Senator from Massachusetts who last spoke
said as to the character for sobriety of men
in former Senates. The sobriety question or
the temperance question, as the country well
knows, is a hobby with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and like most men who are pos-
sessed of a single idea, he sees infractions of
his creed where a less prejudiced person would
fail to see any. Iam sure, for the honor of the
American Senate, it must be that the Senator
is grossly exaggerating the facts when he
speaks of any considerable number of Senators
lying around here upon the floor during a
debate, and so incapacitated from attending to
business that the majority were obliged to
adjourn without a vote. I am sure that must be
an exaggeration. I trust it was said rather for
t b<; purpose of lending a certain embellishment
to what remarks he had to make than as the
assertion of a fact. Besides, it is just possible
that so Severe a moralist as he is on the sub-
ject ot temperance miglitregard that as drutik-
ennpss in which ordinary persons would fail
to see anything more than a good-natured
genial disposition in the after-dinner hours.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say, in a very
few words, why I think the Senate ought not to
agree to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. They ought not to agree to
it, because it is a reversal of all the rules that
have prevailed in the Senate from the organ-
ization of the Seriate to this present time. By
the rule of the Senate, in the morning hour it
becomes the duty of the Presiding Officer to
take the bills from the House and lay them
before the Senate for disposition. That dis-
position is according to the will of the Senate.
J here is 110 rule, there never was a rule on
the subject. Now, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
J hl'rmaX'] proposes an amendment which pro-
ViQes that the Senate shall tiotacton a certain
measute until it shall have been referred Inn
intiR the Senate as it never was limited' and
fixing a precise rule which varies the whole
practice of the Senate from the day of its
organization to the present time. For that
  I think it,ought not to be adopted; but
any bill the House of Representatives may
send us should come hereto be dealtwith pre-
cisely like every other bill, subject to the will
of the majority of the Senate.
Mr. TiiUR.VlAN. It is a sufficient answer
to my friend from Maine to say that this whole
proceeding is abnormal. The proposition of
the Senator from Rhode Island which has been
adopted by the Senate, although it may have
one or two precedents in its favor, is not a
thing to be found in the ancient usages of the
Senate at all. We are here, however, upon a
question of the order of business. We have
made an order in relation to the business of
the Senate. That order it, is proposed to mod-
ify, or to extend the subjects which may be
considered by the Senate. When that is done,
when it is a question relating to the order of
business, I should like to know why it is that
we may not insist that a measure shall go be-
fore a committee before it is acted upon in the
Senate. Suppose that the Senate has always
reserved the right to itself, proceeding in the
ordinary course of legislation, to act upon a
bill without referring it to a committee, cer-
tainly that is no answer to my proposition,
because we are not proceeding in the ordinary
way of legislation. We propose to proceed in
an extraordinary way, to cut off the right of
any Senator even to introduce a bill without
unanimous consent, to prevent any bill that
is introduced from being read a second time
except by unanimous consent, to prevent its
being referred to a committee except by
unanimous consent; in a word, to overthrow
all the rules and all the usages of the Senate.
When that is done, when we are in this
abnormal condition, when we are making a
sort of compact as to what shall be done at
this session of the Senate, what is the objec-
tion to having some safeguard? What is the
objection to having it resolved upon by the
Senate that this great question shall not be
taken up and examined by the Senate until it
has first been examined by a committee? I
see no force whatsoever in what my friend from
Maine says as to the usage of the Senate. We
are not proceeding according to the ancient
usage and practice of the Senate at all. It is,
as 1 have said, an abnormal proceeding, and
my proposition is no more abnormal than is
the original proposition itself.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will allow
me to say that the precedent is older than the
term of service of two thirds of the Senators
in this body.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know bow that
is. I do not think it can be found that this is
any ancient usage of the Senate at all; but I
see that the morning hour has expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the resolutions submitted by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] on which the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. ScHtraz] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. If Senators do not desire
to debate it further, I should like to have the
vote taken on the resolution which has been
before us.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly, I will yield if a
vote can be taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to take up
time with it now, if it is to be debated further,
but I suppose the debate is closed, and I should
be glad if we could take a vote upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. There will be several
amendments offered to this amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; then I shall
not ask it; but I wish to give notice, so as not
to seem discourteous to any one who may take
the floor after the Senator from Missouri has
concluded, that I shall ask the Senate to
resume the consideration of this resolution
and lay aside the pending resolution.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to allow me to present a resolution.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of
additional legislation for the protection of emi-
grants in this country ; which was ordered to
lie 011 the table, and be printed.
Mi-. THURMAN presented a memorial of
women of the United States, remonstrating
against female suffrage ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to give notice
that on Friday next, after the morning hour,
I shall ask the- Senate to go into executive
session, to take up treaties which were left
unfinished at the last session.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered. That E. C. Morrison, of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, have leave to withdraw his petition and papers
from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That J. It. Bigelow, of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, haveleave to withdraw his petition and papers
from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to the claimant to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers in
the olaim of George W. Anderson.
Mr. PRATT. I also ask that Horace Clough,
a petitioner for a pension, be allowed to with-
draw his papers from the files of the Senate,
and that they be re-referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that that is not in accordance with the
rule. The Senator from Indiana now asks
that a petitioner for a pension may have leave
to withdraw his papers from the files of the
Senate, to be referred to the Committee on
Pensions. That is initiating legislation, and
the Chair would regard it as inhibited by the
rule.
Mr. PRATT. I ask unanimous consent to
have the order made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks unanimous consent that this peti-
tioner may have leave to withdraw his papers,
and that the same may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. Is there objection ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not want to object,
but what is the use of referring them when
there can be no action whatever at this ses-
sion? This is merely beginning legislation. It
will be the duty of the committee at the end
of the session to report the papers back to the
Senate, and they will have to be referred again
at the next session. I think the Senator had
better not ask to have them referred, but have
them laid on the table.
Mr. PRATT. Some of the committees per-
haps can work during this session as well as
not, and I dare say they might mature some
of these measures, and possibly agree upon
reports in some of these cases.
Mr. ANTHONY. Whatever the committees
do will terminate with the session without any
final action, unless we change the order under
which we are acting, and at the next session
there may be new committees. At all events,
all these subjects will have to be reinvestigated.
If the committee desire to investigate matters
informally, they can do it without a reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island objects.
SURVEY OF ETOWAH RIVER.
Mr. HILL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a resolution with a
view to its adoption. When the Senate shall
hear it, I think there will be no objection to it.
The resolution is as follows:
Jiesolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested to cause the engineer department
ot the United States to extend the survey ot the
Etowah river (already ordered) so as to embrace
estimates for a canal connecting said river with the
Ocmulgee river, with a view to opening a direct and
unobstructed water communication between the
waters of the Mississippi river and the Atlantic
ocean, and to report to the Senate.
I will state that the appropriation for this
work has already been made, but that in the
bill there is an omission to carry the work
further than the Etowah river. The canal is
to connect the waters of the Tennessee, and
thereby of the Mississippi, with the waters of
the Ocmulgee river in the State of Georgia ;
