§8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr, JDuke,
42d Cong 1st Sess.
L
It lias sought to increase its patronage—now
large beyond precedent—so that, by its power
merely this party could be kept in office. Here-
tofore post office and custom-house patron-
age has been considered great in connection
with the Army and Navy. But by means of
the internal revenue system a swarm of new
officers—
" Thick as autumnal leaves that strew the brooks
In Vallombrosa "—
eating out the substance of the people, are
scattered throughout every congressional dis-
trict and throughout every county of the United
States.
The Federal Government has taken under
its care the entire banking system of the coun-
try, atremandouspower; and in its pernicious
influences it is not to be compared to that mon-
ster strangled to death by Jackson. The Gov-
ernment has assumed the control of the agri-
cultural interests of the country, and has made
its bureau the almoner of seeds and plants.
It has also attempted to control the educa-
tional interests of the country. The air is
now ringing with appeals from Republican
centers for a great national university, in which
the sons of leading politicians are to be edu-
cated at the expense of the nation; and in
return for this act of gratitude on the part of
their Government they propose to serve her
by filling all the offices, from minister pleni-
potentiary down to a departmental clerkship.
They have interfered with the domestic con-
cerns and reserved rights of the States in ways
innumerable, among which the assertion that
the Federal Government shall say who shall
and who shall not exercise the right of suf-
frage, and prescribing qualification for the
voters, and enforcing that qualification with
the Army and Navy.
Under recent legislation the courts havebeen
deprived of much of their power, and thus the
process is going silently but surely on. Power
is stealing from the many to the few, from the
States to the Federal Government; and today
the party of consolidation is asking us to take
the last step, I believe, in this career of usurpa-
tion. They ask us to take away from the local
courts of the States their entire criminal and
civil jurisdiction, because, under the broad de-
scription of "rights" craftily superadded to
the terms "privileges and immunities," are
comprehended all the things cf which courts
can take cognizance. Under the head "rights"
and the deprivation of rights, that is " wrongs,''
Blackstone treats the whole science of common
law. Under another provision of the bill the
right is given to the Executive to invade a
State; and that, too, when there is no inva-
sion, and uninvited by either the Executive or
the Legislature of the State for the suppres-
sion of domestic violence. It was said, when
the discussion of the Constitution was under
consideration, that the United States could not
interfere with the domestic troubles of the
States unless invited to interfere.
This bill also allows the Exesutive to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, which the Con-
stitution says shallnotbe suspended, exceptin
cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety
may require it. These two circumstances must
concur; there must be an invasion or rebel-
lion; and then the public safety must require
it even before it can be done. But here we
place thegreatest privilege of which as Anglo-
Saxons we can boast at the mercy of the Presi-
dent of the United States. Thus the central
power is absorbing all the reserved rights of
the States. The banking and many of the
large railroad interests are at its command;
the educational and agricultural interests of
the country are under its control to a great
extent; the question of suffrage and the quali-
fications of electors are under its influence and
po<*er. And now what little power is left this
bill proposes to-day to take away or place at
the disposal of the President of the United
States.*
What is the occasion for offering this bill at
this time? The condition of the South? What
is it? In the spring of 1865 the rebel forces
were defeated. Congress shortly afterward
required that these rebel States should abolish
slavery, declare their pretended acts of seces-
sion null and void, and the debt contracted
on account of such rebellion null and void
also. Three bitter pills! Yet they were taken !
Slavery was abolished in the South Carolina
Legislature with only two dissenting voices,
a greater unanimity than could have b°cn
obtained in Massachusetts herself; that is not
all. Congress jast about this time imposed a
heavy duty, contrary to the Constitution, upon
her leading staple product; then cantoned
out her whole territory into military districts,
filled with soldiers, who superintended the
registration of voters, were present at the
polls, while grave constitutional questions were
being submitted to the people.
After the ratification by the people, Con-
gress used its supervising poweroverthese con-
stitutions until Thaddeus Stevens pronounced
them "republican in form." I know the at-
tempts were many until they did correspond
to the grand ideaiofthe " Great Commoner."
The present Legislatures of the South were
elected under these constitutions, the most
important principles of which are embodied in
the Constitution of the United States, and
which can never be taken away. The colored
man has all his rights guarantied to hitn,
and he is now represented in this Congress.
Have I not a right to ask from the other side
of this House, what more do you want? Where
is this thing to end? Are you not protected?
Is not the great body of the mast influential
people of the South deprived of their most
important rights; and has not this House
refused to restore them to those rights?
No ; it is not the condition of the South that
calls for this legislation, but of the North. I
say itin all sincerity and honesty, thathadnot
the President made war on Senator Sumner
and met with defeat, and had it not been for
the New Hampshire elections, we would not
have heard of this bill. I know and acknowl-
edge the influence of the gentleman from
Massachusetts with the Administration, but
he could not induce the President to adopt his
Ku Klux bill no more than he could his war
policy with England. The gentleman has been
largely connected with the politics and man-
agement of both parties in this country. He
scented the difficulties of his party when they
were yet in thedistance. With that prescience
which makes rats desert a sinking ship, on
the 4th of July last, in Connecticut, lie told his
party that they must get on some new hobby
if they wished to succeed.
Then it was war with England, on the prin-
ciples of Senator Sumner's speech on the Ala-
bama claims. But the people were too tired
of war to adopt his plan. But war the gentle-
man will have, and if he cannot fight England,
he will fight the helpless and prostrate South.
The pretext for this is the alleged Ku Klux
outrages. I say pretext, for that is all it is.
We do not deny the fact that such outrages do
exist. And, from the brief summary of the
treatment 1 have shown on the part of the
North toward the South, is it strange ? While
I believe when the historian writes the. history
of the present time he will justify the conduct
of the South—we on this side of the House do
not, but simply explain it.
Would you accuse Macaulay with sympathy
for Irish rebels, because in explainineg the
difficulties in Ireland he condemned the system
of absenteeism which was robbing the Irish
tenantry to enrich the English landlord ? Or
because he condemned the policy which taxed
the Roman Catholic to support the estab-
lished Church? No, you could not; neither
can you do so here. We show you the evils
you are inflicting on the South. Wc show
you the evils resulting from your policy, and,
like wise men, you ought to desist from enact-
ing laws which breed nothing but crimes and
evils, if the statements made concerning the
South be the truth.
And right here, can we not learn a lesson
from the history of Ireland? The oppression
of Ireland was persevered in by the English
Government for centuries. For ages the cry
went up from the oppressed people for relief
from liarsh and unjust laws. Her patriots
and defenders were imprisoned; they suffered
death upon the gallows, or banished as con-
victs to the dark forests of Tasmania. It
was but recently that the English Govern-
ment attempted a better way of dealing with
the Irish people; but recently has she learned
that the mild sway of just and benign laws
is more potent than standing armies. But
the act of grace- and concession has come too
late to Ireland. Her heart has become set
like flint against any appeal now. If what
England has done within the last two years
had been done at the beginning of the present
century, Fenianism, like a ghost, would not I
raise its horrid head to the terror of English 1
statesmen. It hangs like a cloud upon the J
hopes of that nation. In case of a foreign war, •[
she cannot rely upon that nation whose soldiers i
won for the Iron Duke his glory, and of whom
he was justly proud.
Shall we repeat this folly in regard to 'the*
South? They sinned, but most grievously'
have they answered for it. They were honest!
in their convictions, I believe, and fought],
bravely to maintain them; but their offense®
were nevertheless pardonable. They fought!
for their "peculiarinstitutions;" buttheslav®
is now a freeman, invested with all his rights!,
while the master has lost his to a great extent!
and is now represented in this Hall and in thfe
Legislatures of the States by his former slavd.
Death has been active, especially among thje
leaders of the rebellion. Most of them are In
their graves. Others, broken in spirit, ruin fed
in fortune, their hopes crushed, have sunk'en
into obscurity; and the balance of them wdilk
like Pariahs, the land of their birth. \
Is it not time to see what kindness migpt
do? If God dealt with us as we deal with the
rebels what would become of us? If a father
dealt so with an erring child what would be-
come of the home circle ? Let us labor for the
good time coming, when peace shall wave its
everlasting green over our beloved land ; when
the bitter memories of eur recent inglorious
war shall be obliterated, and the fond recol-
lections of our united achievements of former
and better days make us a free, happy, and
united people.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. Ii. T. W. DUKE,
of virginia,
In the Hodse of Representatives,
April 3, 1871.
The House having under consideration tho bill
(II. It. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of tho
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes—
Mr. DUKE said :
Mr, Speaker : Representing as I do in part
one of the States which in our revolutionary
struggle gave as much of her blood and treas-
ure as any other to achieve the independ-
ence of the then British colonies, one of the
thirteen States which in the year 1787 framed
through their delegates the Constitution of
the United States—that Constitution which
has affixed to it, over the signature of George
