1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
and this is to correct an omission in the bill.
What I desire by the passage of this resolu-
tion is that the object of Congress in having
this survey made shall not be defeated, since
the appropriation is already made for the pur-
pose ; but that it shall be extended from one
of the proposed termini to the other. I read
from the river and harbor bill of the last
session:
"For examination and survey of the Etowah
river, from its mouth up to Cartersville, Georgia."
And that is to connect with the waters of
the Ocmulgee river, and the proposed canal
which this survey includes would be defeated
entirely unless it went on to the other tprm-
inus, to wit, the Ocmulgee river. Under this
resolution, if the Senate will allow it to be
adopted, the whole scheme of survey will be
carried out for which the appropriation is
made. It does not propose to increase any
appropriation, nor to involve any additional
legislation, but merely to effectuate what has
been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that this legislation would probably require
more than a Senate resolution, that it would
require a bill; but the Senator from Georgia
asks unanimous consent that the Senate con-
sider at the present time the resolution which
Mr. POMEROY. I think it interferes with
onr rule.
Mr. HILL. I do not think so. It does not
propose to appropriate anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be open to objection after it shall have
been reported from the desk. The Secretary
will report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas object to it?
Mr. HILL. I hope not. The appropria-
tion is made in the general act making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certaiu public works, &c., approved
March 3,1871, and this merely calls fora report
back to us at the next session of Congress, or
at some time. It makes no additional appro-
priation. It merely provides that the surveyor
may carry out the object, which is a pure omis-
sion in the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. If the appropriation is
made the Secretary of War can order this
survey at his discretion. If he does not want
to do it, I do not want to direct him to do it.
I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas objects.
business of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer for adoption the
following resolution:
Besolved, That the resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate on tho22d instant, limiting the legislation of the
present session to certain measures therein specified,
be, 'and the same is hereby, rescinded.
Let it lie on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie on the table.
employment of navy at san domingo.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolutions submitted by Mr. sumner, re-
garding the employment of the Navy of the
United States on the coast of San Domingo
during the pendency of negotiations for the
acquisition of part of that island.
Mr. SCHURZ resumed and concluded the
speech he began yesterday. It will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. HARLAN obtained the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Iowa to yield to me for a few minutes until I
can make a correction.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri let me have the books that he read from
yesterday?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in the course
of the few remarks which I made to the Sen-
ate on the day before yesterday I referred very
briefly to the fact that while negotiations were
pending for the annexation of Texas in 1844
our Government had notified Mexico that she
would not be permitted to invade Texas during
the pendency of those negotiations, had notified
Mexico in substance that she would resist the
invasion while that treaty was pending or while
the question was undisposed of. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] denied this state-
ment. He said that Tyler and Calhoun begged
leave to be excused from the company of the
President of the United States upon that occa-
sion ; that all that had been done was to expos-
tulate with the Government of Mexico, and to
notify her that we should regard it as offensive;
that we made no threat of war and committed
ourselves to no hostilities against Mexico. I
undertook when this statement was made last
night to correct it, but I was quite overwhelmed
with the rapidity and the strength of the declar-
ations of the Senator from Missouri. He com-
mented upon it at great length, and renewed
the comment this morning. I simply ask the
attention of the Senate now for the purpose of
showing who is right in this matter.
The dispatch from Mr. Calhoun to our min-
ister in Mexico was a very long one, occupying
some ten or twelve pages of the book before
me. I will not trespass upon the time of the
Senate by reading that dispatch. The one sent
by our minister to the Mexican Government
is also a very lengthy one. I state the sub-
stance of both these dispatches to be a declar-
ation that we would at once resist any invasion
on the part of Mexico while those negotiations
were pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will pause for a moment. The Chair
requests Senators to suspend conversation on
the floor, and persons in the gallery to abstain
from conversation.
Mr. MORTON. I will read an extract from
the dispatch of Mr. Shannon to the Mexican
Government. He says:
"It is in that light the United States regard her,
and in that they had the right to invite her to re-
new the proposition for annexation, ahd to treat
with her for admission into the Union, without giving
any just offense to Mexico, or violating any obliga-
tion, by treaty or otherwise, between us and her.
"Nor will our honor any more than our welfare
and safety permit annexation to be defeated by an
invasion of Texas, while the question is pending. If
Mexico has thought proper to take offense, it is the
United States who invited a renewal of the propo-
sition, and not Texas, who accepted the invita-
tion.who should be held responsible; and we, as the
responsible party, cannot, without implicating our
honor, permitanother to suffer in our place. Enter-
taining these views, our honor and interests being
both involved, Mexico will make a great mistake
it she supposes that the President can regard with
indifference the renewal of the war which she has
proclaimed against Texas."
And, in conclusion, he says:
" Such are the views entertained by the President
of the United States in regard to the proposed in-
vasion, whiiethe question of annexation is pending,
and of the barbarous and bloody manner in which
it is proclaimed it will be conducted: and, in con-
formity to his instructions, the undersigned hereby
solemnly protests against both, as highly injurious
and offensive to the United States."
As I stated yesterday, the whole tenor of the
dispatch is a declaration of immediate hostil-
ities, or resistance to any invasion of Texas by
Mexico, and such is the tenor of the dispatch
of Mr. Calhoun. The Senator from Massachu-
setts in his speech read an extract from Mr.
Benton's Thirty Years' View, showing that
that was the understanding entertained at the
time in regard to this dispatch of Mr. Calhoun.
Now I will call the attention of the Senate
again to the clause which the Senator from
Massachusetts read. Mr. Benton, it will be
remembered, was the political enemy of Mr.
Calhoun, and especially was he the enemy of
the acquisition of Texas.
Mr. President, I will not undertake to speak
unless order is preserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to state that the
Senators in the rear of me [referring to
Messrs. Sciierz and Sumner] are so much
occupied with their affairs that it is totally
impossible for me to hear my friend from Indi-
ana. I hope it is not necessary to call upon
the Chair on every occasion to do it, because
I know the Chair is desirous of having .silence
observed which is necessary for business on
both sides.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
twice requested Senators to suspend conversa-
tion in obedience to the second rule.
Mr. MORTON. Here is what Mr. Benton
said in regard to that matter:
"And that no circumstance of contradiction or
folly should be wanting to crown this plot of crime
and imbecility, it so happened that on the same day
that our new Secretary here was giving his written
assumpsit to lend the Army and Navy to fight Mex-
ico while we were at peace with her, the agent
Murphy was communicating to the Texan Govern-
ment. in Texas, the refusal of Mr. Tyler, through
Mr. Nelson, to do so, because of .its unconstitu-
tionality."
Again, Mr. Benton said:
"The engagement to fight Mexico for Texas,
while we were at peace with Mexico, was to make
war with Mexico 1 A piece of business which be-
longed to Congress and should have been referred to
them, and which, on the contrary, was concealed
from them, though in session and present."
Mr. Benton was holding much the samelan-
guage that has been held on this floor ; but I
refer to it to show that my construction of these
dispatches was correct. I was met last night
by the Senator from Missouri with Mr. Nel-
son's dispatch. This dispatch is dated March
11, 1844, in which Mr. Nelson used the lan-
guage that was read:
"The employment of the Army or Navy against a
foreign Power, with which the United States are at
peace, is not within the competency of the Presi-
dent: and while he is not indisposed, as a measure
of prudent precaution andas preliminary to the pro-
posed negotiation, to concentrate in the Gulf of
Mexico and on the southern borders of the United
States a naval and military force to be directed to
the defense of the inhabitants and territory of Texas
at a proper time, he cannot permit the authorities
of that. Government or yourself to labor under the
misapprehension that ho has power to employ them
at the period indicated by your stipulations."
The Senator read that as an .answer to my
statement. He did not state what he ought
to have stated, that that dispatch was sent on
the 11th of March, 1844, just one month and
a day before the treaty had been signed. The
treaty was signed on the 12th of April follow-
ing, and this dispatch was sent before it was
sigued, or it was known that it would be signed ;
but the Senator read it as being an answer to
my statement. Now, I will read an extract
from Yoakum's History of Texas, volume two,
page 4'26. It is giving the history of annexa-
tion:
"On the second point, Mr. Van Zandt inquired of
Mr. Upshur confidentially"—
Mr. Upshur was at that time Secretary of
State, but was shortly afterward killed upon
a gun-boat on the Potomac by the explosion
of a gun, and Mr. Calhoun took his place, I
think, on the 4th or 5th of April following—
" On the second point Mr. Van Zandt inquired of
Mr. Upshur confidentially whether, after the treaty
was signed and before it was ratified, the President
of the United States would order a military and
naval force to the proper points on the Gulf of Mex-
ico sufficient to protect Texas from foreign aggres-
sion. In reply, he was directed to assure the Gov-
ernment of Texas that the moment the treaty was
signed President Tyler would send a naval squadron
upon the Galf and a military force to the Texan
borders, to act as circumstances should require; and,
furthermore, the United States would then say to
Mexico: 'You must in nowise disturb or molest
Texas.'"
The treaty was not ratified until the 9th or
10th of June following, and this answer was
given before the treaty was signed.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator if
there is any authority there for acts of war? In
the statement as the Senator read it there cer-
tainly is no sanction of belligerent intervention
or acts of war. If there is anything more in
the text tending to establish acts of war or
intervention, following that statement, I should
like to have the Senator read it.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, what
was the sense in saying that you must in no
wise disturb or molest Texas as soon as the
