90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
Ho. of "Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Duhe.
42b Cong.... 1st Sess
or disparage others retained by the people,"
and the latter that "the powers not delegated
to the Dnited States by the Constitution nor
prohibited by it to the States are reserved to the
States, respectively, or to the people," mean-
ing thereby, beyond all question, to the peo-
ple of the States, and not to the people of the
United States collectively.
And just here I should like to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he knows
when and where this tenth amendment had
its origin. I will tell him, sir. If he will
examine the ratification of the Constitution
by Massachusetts he will find these words :
"And it istheopinion of this convention that cer-
tain amendments and alterations in the said Con-
stitution would remove the fears and quiet the
apprehensions of many of the good people of this
Commonwealth and more effectually guard against
an undue administration of the Federal Govern-
ment; the Convention do thereforerecommendthat
the following alterations and provisions be intro-
duced into the said Constitution."
Now, sir, what were the causes of the
" fears" and apprehensions of thegood people
of Massachusetts? The Grst was thefear that
the General Government would claim powers
not delegated. And here is the amendment
proposed, which was subtantially adopted :
V'I. That it explicitly declare that all powers not
expressly delegated by the aforesaid Constitution
are reserved to the several States, to be by them
exercised."
Now, let us analyze this. First, the powers
granted are only those expressly delegated,
and those not delegated are reserved, not to
the Slates collectively, but to the States sev-
erally. This, sir, was the language of Massa-
chusetts. In those days Massachusetts had
statesmen, such men as Samuel Adams, Fisher
Ames, Rufus King, Theophilus Parsons, James
Bowdoin, and John Haucoek. But, sir, the
great fear of these great men was that the sov-
ereignty of the States would bo destroyed.
Fisher Ames said:
"The Somitorrf will represent the sovereignty of
the States; the Representatives aro to represent the
people."
Again he says:
"It is necessary to premise that no argument
Against the now plan ha? made a deeper impression
than this: that it will produco-a consolidation of
the States. This is an effect which all good men will
deprecate.'' * * * * "The State gov-
ernments are essential parts of the system, and the
def'onseof this article is drawn from its tendency to
their preservation. The Senators represent thesov-
ereignty ot the States; they are in the quality of
embassadors ot the States, and it will not oe denied
that some permanoncy in their office is necessary to
a discharge of their duty. Now, if they wore chosen
yearly, how could they perform thoir trusts ? If
they would be brought by that means more imme-
diately under the influence of the people, then they
will represent the State Legislatures less and become
the representatives of individuals. This belongs to
the other House.
"The absurdity of this and its repugnancy to the
Federal principles of the Constitution will appear
more fully by supposing that they are to be chosen
by the people at large. ThisWould totalis obliterate
the Federal teatures of the Constitution. What
would becomo of the State governments, and on
whom would devolve the duty of defending them
against tho encroachments of tho Federal (govern-
ment? A consolidation of tho States would ensue
which, it is conceded, would subvert the new Consti-
tution, and against which this very article, bo much
condemned, is our bebt security. Too much provis-
ion cannot bo made against a consolidation. The
State governments represent the wishes and feelings
and local interests of the people. They are the safe-
guard and ornament of tho Constitution. They will
protract the period of our liberties"—
He seems even then to have foreseen that
our liberties would be destroyed by centraliza-
tion—
"and will bo the natural avengers of our violated
rights."'
Thus spoke Fisher Ames. Had I spoken
thus no doubt the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would have cried "treason!" "treason!"
But, if the language of Fisher Ames be trea-
son to a Massachusetts man, then "make the
most of it."
Sir, this whole idea of deriving grants of
power from the preamble arises from a total
misapprehension of the very meaning of the
word "preamble." The grant of a power can
never be presumedfrom apreamble. A pream-
ble is only intended, and can only be used to,
limit, define, and explain the powers granted
in the body of the Constitution or law under
consideration. Worcester defines apreamble :
"the introduction of a bill or act, setting forth
its intent and the circumstances which occa-
sioned its passage." Webster defines it to be
"the introductory part of astatute which states
the reason and intent of the law."
In view of the recent legislation of Con-
gress, and that which is proposed in the future,
well might it be said, in the language of Ed-
mund Burke, the greatest of English states-
men, when referring to. the preamble to the
act relating to American taxation, " Never
did a people suffer so much from the empty
words of a preamble."
I propose now to inquire into the nature and
extent of the evidence against my State. But,
sir, before doing so, I must be permitted to
say that no one is more opposed to mob faw
than I am. It has been my fortune for several
years to have been connected, in an humble
way, with the administration of the criminal
law in my State. And I have always repro-
bated and denounced, with my whole heart
and with whatever little ability I posessed,
mob law in all forms and under every aspect.
I have deprecated and denounced it as calcu-
lated to destroy all the safeguards of society
and to produce those very evils which it pro-
fessed to check. Sir, mob law whether exer-
cised by the Ku Klux of the South, the regu-
lators of the West, or the strikers at the
North, should be discountenanced, denounced,
and opposed by all good citizens. But, sir,
there is a mob law which is even worse than
that of individuals or combinations of men.
It is the mob law of the caucus, which seeks
to compel men to support measures which
their judgments do not approve and their con-
sciences must condemn. Have you, sir, and
gentlemen on your side of the House, never
seen attempts made to enforce this species of
mob law ?
But, sir, "in this lowest deep" there is a
lower deep "still threatening." There is a
mob law, infinitely worse, vastly more danger-
ous, and more powerful than these; it is the
mob law of legislators in a Government of
limited powers, and with a written constitu-
tion, who, by specious arguments and flimsy
pretexts excuse themselves for overstepping
the plain boundaries of the warrant of attor-
ney which they hold from the people, and who
seek to destroy the palladium of our liberties,
the Constitution of the United States, by strik-
ing down every barrier interposed by that
instrument to the encroachments of unlimited
power.
And now, sir, I ask gentlemen on the other
side of the House, where is the evidence
against us, where are your witnesses, who are
they, and when and where did they testify?
Is this evidence to be found in the late mes-
sage of the President, sent in under Senator
Morton's "drag-net" resolution? I have
carefully read that message, and find no " out-
rage" reported in Virginia since December
29, 1866. Is it in the evidence taken by the
Senate committee? Not at all, sir. For in
that I find no reference to Virginia. Was it
taken before the Reconstruction Committee
of the last Congress? I learn from members
of that committee that no evidence was taken
before them in regard to Virginia. I beg gen-
tlemen to tell us from whence it comes. Is
it to be found in affidavits which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] carries in
his pocket? Then, sir, in the name of justice
I demand that they be produced. Let us know
at least the names of the witnesses who testify
in secret against us. But, sir, I am too fast,
for I can hardly suppose that the gentlemau
would use affidavits after what he said in a late
debate. I quote him from the Congressional
Globe:
" While upon this point let me tell gentlemen of
this House that there is nothing so dangerous as
trying men by affidavits. If I should produce my
bundle of affidavits, and these statements were taken
to be true, there are some gentlemen who have
spoken on this subject who would be hanged with-
out judgo or jury. [Laughter.] When men are tried
on evidence of this kind, when their characters are
to be traduced, their fair famedestroyed, tbeirrights
swept away, upon ex parte affidavits produced by
Government officials, sworn to by their underlings.
God save the Republic 1 Under such a procedure no
man would be safe. Under these circumstances no
one opposes him."
It may be, however, that "the case being
altered alters the case that when affidavits
are used against those whom he seeks to
defend "they are trifles light as air," but
when used against those whom he seeks to
crush, they " are confirmation strong as proof
of Holy Writ." Sir, we are told that in
the time of the republic of Venice it was fre-
quently the case that he who desired to crush
his enemy dropped an anonymous communi-
cation into the mouth of the " Lion of St.
Mark's" accusing of treason, and the victim
was arrested, tried by masked judges, con-
demned, and hurried across the Bridge of Sighs
to his doom. But, sir, it was left tor the ad-
vanced Republicans of the present age to arrive
at that sublime perfection of justice which
enables them to outlaw States upon the evi-
dence found in " a memorandum, without sig-
nature, left at the War Department."
I suppose, however, we are to be condemned
upon the secret whisperings of those im maculate
patriots and great statesmen, the carpet bag-
gers and scalawags; and just here let me say
that the people of the North are mistaken in
supposing that we apply the term "carpet-
bagger " to all who come among us from the
North. Sir, the northern men who come South
with a bona fid,e intention of remaining with
us and sharing our fortunes, whether they be
Democrats or Republicans, are always wel-
come. We want them to come and settle among
us, purchase our lands and employ their sur-
plus capital in developing our vast resources,
which are now lying idle for the want of that
capital. And, sir, we desire them to exercise
all of their personal, civil, and political rights
in accordance with their own judgments and
consciences. If they act like gentlemen they
are treated as such; if they act otherwise they
are let alone severely.
Now, what is a "carpet-bagger?" He is
one who in most cases has left " his country
for his country's good." He comes down to
plunder us. When he comes into our State,
instead of addressing himself to the noble task
of harmonizing the two races, he does every-
thing in his power to excite their hostility. He
uses whatever of cunning and whatever of
malice he has (and he has a large supply of
both) in prejudicing the colored people against
the whites. He prowls through the country,
and proclaims to them that the whites are their
enemies, and if they get into power they will
reduce them to slavery. In this way he attempts
to work upon the passions and inflames the
prejudices of the colored people, and seeks to
subject them to a political slavery as complete
as ever was their personal slavery.
Sir, I have seen a large audience of colored
people listening attentively to a Conservative
speaker, who was addressing himself to their
reason, and suddenly one of these creatures,
who had been hanging about, observing that
some impression was being made, would give
some secret sign, and the audience almost to a
man would melt away. He does this that he
may be lifted into office on the broad shoulders
of the colored people. This '' carpet-bagger"
is also of an enterprising turn of mind, and
he soon engages in manufactures. His work-
