828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
treaty is signed, what was the sense in saying
we will send the Army and Navy there to pro-
tect Texas if it could not bo done until after
Congress met the next winter and had made
a declaration of war? That is a most violent
and strained construction. That was not the
construction that Mr. Benton gave to it, which
the Senator read himself.
Mr. SUMNER. Was it not coincident with
the letter of Mr. Seward with regard to the
French troops in Mexico? Did it not come
iirthe category of those dispatches, so many
of which have been written by our Government
and by all Governments, where a strong oppo-
sition is expressed to a proposed course of
another Government with a declaration that
sirch a course will be regarded by our Govern-
ment as unfriendly in character? I wish to
call the attention of the Senator, if he will allow
me, to the difference between th'at and the sum-
mary orders from our Government directed to
our Navy to sink and capture Haytian ships,
aud then to the visit of oar admiral to the
executive mansion, and there from the win-
dows pointing out to his large cannon in the
harbor and menacing their thunders against
the Hayt.ian capital. There is the point.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, that is the point;
and that is just the point that is answered over-
whelmingly by the authority which I read.
What was the point? Mexico was threaten-
ing to invade Texas if she dared to treat with
ns; she had proclaimed that; and Texas in-
quired first, "'If we sign the treaty will you
protect us from that time?" That was the
question. I will read it again. I will have
no mistake about it. I have been contra
dieted here and overwhelmed in a manner
that was not very respectful last night on this
very point.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator yield to
me a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator confounds two
things, which are very different from one
another. One is a diplomatic threat and the
other is a military order. That is what the
whole controversy is about. There are a great
many diplomatic threats in our history. They
. were abundant against France while the French
were in Mexico; but we were very far irom
sending down war-ships to intercept every
Fieuch transport that might laud French troops
011 Mexican soil.
Mr. MOltTON. That is a distinction with-
out a difference. What is the question that is
asked? It might be some time before the treaty
could be ratified. Texas knew that; and what
was she to do in the mean time, she inquires.
the second point Mr. Van Zandt inquired of
Mr. Upshur, confidentially,whether, after tuetreaty
was signed, and before it was ratified, the President
of the United States wouid order a military and
naval force to the proper point on the Gulf ol Mex-
ico sufficient to protect Texas from foreign aggres-
sion."
This was nota military order; but theques-
tion was, " Willyou protect us now and at once
if we sign a treaty." That is the question.
"In reply he was directed to assure the Govern-
ment of Texas that the moment the treaty was signed
i resident lyler would send a naval squadron upon
the (*uli and a military force to the Texan borders,
to act as circumstances should require; and further-
more, the United States would then say to Mexico,
you must in no wise disturb or molest Texas."
Here was tne solemn promise given to the
republic of Lexas, " the moment you sign the
treaty, andbefore it is ratified, you shall be
protected." The argument of Mr. Calhoun is
very full; and although it has been said that he
is not good authority, (and he is not on the
question of State rights, but very bad author-
ity,) lie was a very able man, and his spirit is
to-day the very soul of the Democratic'party.
His argument in that dispatch is unanswerable;
and that was that we had such an inchoate
right that we would not permit Texas to bo
invaded while these negotiations were pending.
Mr. President, there is 110 escape from this
whatever. It cannot be distinguished away in
the manner that has been attempted. I will
read a little further from what Mr. Benton
said, to show that Mr. Benton was not drawing
any hair-breadth distinction for the purpose of
escaping from what was the obvious sense of
the policy then adopted ; and I will remark
that, although I was then a very young man,
I can remember it as a part of the contempo-
raneous history of the time, that much was said
about the position that our Government had
assumed in regard to Mexico for the purpose,
it was said, of bringing Texas into this Union.
I did not read this before, bat Mr. Benton, in
his Thirty Years' View, as quoted by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts himself, says:
"As to secretly lending the Army and Navy of the
United States to Texas to fight Mexico while we
were at peace with her, it would be a crime against
God and man and our own Constitution, for which
heads might be brought to the block, if Presidents
and their Secretaries, like constitutional kings and
ministers, should bo held capitally responsible for
capital crimes."
Senator Benton then talked much as -the
Senator from Massachusetts talks now. He
understood that the President had pledged
the Government of the United States to resist
Mexico, if she attempted the invasion of that
republic while those negotiations were pending.
Now, sir, I come to the dispatch of Mr. Cal-
houn—a short dispatch, and a subsequent one ;
and mark you, this is dated the 11th day of
April, the day before the treaty was signed,
and it is in reply to Mr. Van Zandt and Mr.
Henderson. Mr. Calhoun says :
" Washington', April 11,1841."—
The trealy being signed the next day—■
"Gentlemen: The letter addressed by Mr. Van
Zandt to the late Secretary of State, Mr. Upshur, to
which you have called my attention, dated Wash-
ington, 17th of January, 1814, has been laid before
the President of the United States.
" In reply to it I amdirected by thePresident to say
that the Secretary of the Navy has been instructed
to order a strong naval force to concentrate in the
Gulf of Mexico, to meet any emergency"—
"An emergency;" something that might hap-
pen suddenly ; not something that might hap-
pen at the end of twelve months after Con-
gress had been called together; but they were
placed there to meet an emergency—
"and that similar orders have been issued by the
Secretary of War to move the disposable military
forces on oursouthwesternfrontierforthesame pur-
pose. Should the exigency arise to which you refer
in your note to Mr. Upshur, I am further directed
by the President to say that, during the pendency of
the treaty of annexation, he would deem it his duty
to use ail the means laced with in his power by
the Constitution to protect Texas from all foreign
invasion."
Mr. SUMNER. <' By the Constitution ?''
Mr. MORTON. Certainly, by the Consti-
tution. What did they understand from that?
They understood that the Army and Navy were
under the command of the President of the
United States by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from
Indiana assert that because the President is
the constitutional commander of the Army and
Navy he can use the Army and Navy as he
pleases, under the Constitution?
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no, sir; I do not under-
stand any such thing. It was the plain declar-
ation here in advance of the signing of that
treaty "If you sign it, the President will use
all the power placed in his hands by the Con-
stitution to protect you." Now, take that in
connection with what has gone before, and can
anybody doubt?
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says that the
words "under the Constitution" cau mean but
one thing; that the President by the Consti-
tution was made the chief of the Army and
Navy, and therefore ho must conclude, if his
argument is to hear upon this subject at all,
that the President as the chief of the Army
and Navy under the Constitution can use the
Army and Navy as he pleases.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator cannot escape
from his position by this kind of reasoning,
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not want to.
Mr. MORTON. What is 1 lie purpose, I ask
again. Texas is inquiring, " Will the President,
protect us under this treaty after it has been
signed?" And thePresident says, through the
Secretary of State, "I will protect you against
a sudden emergency; I will send the Anny ami
the Navy there, and I will use all the means
in my power under the Constitution to protect
you;" and he does not' say that Congress——
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mf. SCHURZ. There are the orders issued
to the Navy and to the Army. It might justly
be supposed that the orders issued to the Army
and the Navy are an expression of the inten-
tion of the Government in promising that pro-
tection under the Constitution. Now, will the
Senator be kind enough to show me where the
orders issued to the Army and Navy went so
far as to order naval and military command-
ers to sink and capture ships and to invade
foreign territory?
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will allow
me to go on, I will answer the question. What
does Senator Benton complain of here, as
quoted by the Senator fiom Massachusetts?
He said that the President had secretly pledged
Texas to make war 011 Mexico. This is the
pledge given to Texas directly, that the Pres-
ident will protect her if she signs that treaty.
The President says '• I will use all the means
placed within my power by the Constitution."
Heroes not say '■ If Congress declares war;"
he does not say "If Congress authorizes me
to do so," That would defeat the very pur-
pose. That makes nonsense of the whole thing.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator,
are not all parties supposed to know the Con-
stitution of the United States which soleimily
declares that Congress alone can declare war?
Texas must have known it; Mexico 11104 have
known it. They were obliged to take notice
of the Constitution of the United States ; and
when Mr. Calhoun said that he should act
only by constitutional measures, it was by war,
if war came, through Congress, and through
Congress alone, not through the President.
Mr. MORTON. It is true that everybody
is bound to know the law; but when you take
this whole note together, you take it as a pait
of the history, as apart of the question put on
the part of Texas; you take the actual situ-
ation. What Mr. Calhoun meant to say was
that the President would use all the power that
he had for the purpose of protecting Texas
while those negotiations were pending. Ao-
cording to the construction put upon it by
the Senator from Massachusetts, it ought to
read in this way: "I am further directed by
the President to say that during the treaty of
annexation he will deein it his duty to use all
the means placed in his power by the Con-
stitution after Congress shall have declared
power, or authorized him to use the means
for that purpose." That would have left the
condition. How did he know Congress would
do it? How did Texas know Congress would
do it ? Texas was asking for immediate pro-
tection ; Mexico had already proclaimed war
against Texas if she signed that treaty; and
here is the positive assurance given that if
Texas then signed the treaiy tue President
would use the whole power of the Army and
the Navy for the purpose of protecting Texas
until the question was settled.
Now, Mr. President, I simply advise the
Seuator from Missouri, before he undertakes to
read a lecture again, to be sure that he isrighi.
"Be sure you are right, and then go ahead.
But the Senator has contradicted me and over-
whelmed me with repeated contradictions, and
here are the documents right in the face of the
book that he read from.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me a moment?
