1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The documents prove ex-
actly what I have asserted. The documents
prove that here there was a diplomatic threat;
that there, in the case of San Domingo, there
were orders to use the Army and the Navy.
If the Senator does not understand (he differ-
ence between a diplomatic threat and a direct
order to use the military and naval forces of
the United States, then I despair of roa&ing it
clear to him.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, that is all
very well; but what does it amount to? What
does it answer? Why is the direct promise
made to Texas by the Secretary of State, and
in fact by two Secretaries of State, first by
Judge Upshur, and then by John 0. Calhoun,
that as soon as that treaty is signed the Presi-
dent will protect Texas ? It was so understood
at tho time; it was so understood by Mr. Ben-
ton ; and it is beyond the ingenuity or the
power of the Senator to change it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator be kind
enough to let me have those documents once
more?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know if all this
goes into my speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa is entitled to the floor ; he yielded to the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I am through, unless the
Senator from Missouri has something further
to say in reply to me.
Mr. SCHURZ. Here is a note addressed
by Mr. Murphy to Mr. Jones, who was secre-
tary of State of the republic of Texas. • In
that dispatch Mr. Murphy promises Mr. Jones,
as secretary of State of the republic of Texas,
in the name of the Government of the United
States, that during the pendency of the treaty
Texas will in every way be protected.
Mr. MORTON. What is the date of that
dispatch ?
Mr. SCHURZ. May 15, 1844.
Mr. MORTON. Find that dispatch.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 do not know exactly
whether it is May; but it is some day along
there. No ; I see it is February 14, 1844.
Mr. MORTON. That was long before the
treaty was signed. The treaty was signed on
the 12th of April.
Mr. SCHURZ. Here is a dispatch from
ili-. Nelson to Mr. Murphy while the treaty
was being negotiated. When was the treaty
signed?
Mr. MORTON. On the 12th of April, 1844.
Mr. SCHURZ. Here is a message from
President Polk, and also a diplomatic dispatch
from Mr. Buchanan, a good deal younger than
the others.
Mr. MORTON. I have said all 1 desire to
say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is entitled to the floor.
The Chair thinks it due to the Senate to state
that he has received, as the Presiding Officer
of this body, a letter from General Cabral in
regard to a statement made on the floor by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr..Sumner.]
Mr. MORTON. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ General Cabral
not being a citizen of the United States, the
Chair did not see fit to submit it to the Senate,
but he has submitted it to the inspection of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think it ought to
be read here.
Mr. SUMNER. I should be very glad to
have it rf ad ; but if it is read 
Mr MORTON. I hope it will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is read, I think the
petition I presented the other day should be
read also, Irom the many exileJ Dominicans
suffering from the tyranny and power of Baez.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For the same
reason that the Chair ruled upon that occasion,
the Chair has stated to the Senate merely the
fact that this letter had been sent to him, but
he did not deem himself at liberty to sufcmit
it to the Senate; but he did submit it to the
Senator from Massachusetts to see what Gen-
eral Cabral had written. The Senator from
Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARLAN proceeded to address the
Senate in a speech which will be published
in the Appendix. He concluded by moving
to lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me an opportunity of being heard in
reply.
Several Senators. Question! Question 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that the resolutions lie on the table.
Does be insist on the motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senator 
Mr. HARLAN. I must insist on the mo-
tion. The honorable Senator has been heard
all the way through my speech. I have not
objected to his presenting any question, and I
have attempted to answer all he has put.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows 
Mr._ CONKLING and Mr. EDMUNDS.
Question ! Question!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable, if the Senator from Iowa insists
upon it; and he does, and has resumed his seat.
The question must be decided by the Senate.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, that the resolutions of the Senator
from Massachusetts lie on the table.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; let us have the yeas
and nays by all means.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that
the resolutions of the Senator from Massachu-
setts do lie oa the table, and the Secretary will
Qall the roll.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the name
of Mr. Ames, who answered in the affirmative.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President -
Question! Question!
I ask consent to put one
"Nor']
I object.
I want to know if there
ever was a case in the Senate before where the
mover of a resolution 
Mr. CONKLING. ' I must object.
/The VICE PRESIDENT. The rules pro-
hibit debate on this motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is' not in order. .Objec-
tion has been made by several Senators to any
debate, and the roll-call has commenced and
the Senator from Mississippi has answered to
his name.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not know but that
the Senator 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate of any
kind.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not know 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is aware of the rule, and the
Chair trusts he will not inflict on the Chair
the painful dutv of reminding him of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I did not know
but that the Senator from Iowa might with-
draw the motion when 
Mr. CONKLING. I object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheCbairasked
the Senator from Iowa expressly whether he
would withdraw the motion, and lie said he
would not. He said this to the Chair in the
hearing of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The roll-call will be resumed.
The Chief Clerk proceeded with the call of
the roll.
Mr. BAYARD, (when his name was called.)
I have agreed to pair with the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.] If he were
here he would vote ''yea," and I should vote
"nay."
Several Senators.
Mr. THURMAN.
question. [''No!"
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. THURMAN.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
the "result was announced—yeas 39, nays 16 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony,Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron. Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Origin, Edmunds, Ferry of'Mich-
lgan, Freiinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Morton, Hye.Osborn, I'omeroy, Pool, Pratt, llamsey,
Rice, Snwyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull,
West, Windom. and Wright—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair. Casserly, Cooper, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of
Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Patterson, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
and Tharman—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine,Morrill of Vermont, Soott,
Spencer, Tipton, Vickers, and Wilson—15.
So it was ordered that the resolutions lie on
the table.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 130) to reestablish the
office of surveyor at Eastport. Maine ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
protection of life, istc., at this south.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed again to the consideration of the
resolution offered by me the other day instruct-
ing the Committee on the Judiciary to report
a bill for the suppression of disorder in the
South.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. The resolution of the
Senator from Ohio being before the Senate, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and thirty-six minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 29, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
locks for distiller iks, etc.
Mr. McIIENRY. I ask unanimous consent
to have considered at the present time a res-
olution which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved. That tho Secretary of tho Treasury
cause this House to be informed of tho necessity for
the order made by the Commissioner of Interna!
Revenue on this 16th of February, 1S71, requiring a
change to bo made in the locks used in the distill-
eries and bonded warehouses; and also, how many
changes have been made in locks for distilleries
during the last two years, find tho cost of each lock,
and the name of the patentee, if patented, and the
probable number required to supply ali the distill-
eries and bonded warehouses in the United States.
Mr. McGREW. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
seven minutes past twelve o'clock. The first
business in order is tho consideration of House
bill No. 320, to enforce the provisions ot the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, in a govern-
ment ot delegated powers, clearly defined by
a written constitution, it matters little what
may be the name of tiie party in power, pro-
vided it administers the government in con-
formity with the fundamental law. But a party
which assumes powers not granted, no matter
what may be its name, is a party of usurpa-
tion. The party to day in power calls itself
''Republican;'' and yet its President, its
leader in the Senate, and its master, if not its
leader in this House, were but a few years
ago proud of the appellation of Democrats.
