92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[April 3.
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Duke.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
explain why it was that he has interpolated
these words.
The next point to which I wish to call the
attention of the House is, that the several dis-
trict or circuit courts of the United States
shall have jurisdiction of these offenses, with-
out any regard whatever to the locality in
which the offense may have been committed.
An offense committed in Texas, may be tried
in Maine, and vice versa. Now, sir, is not
this monstrous? It is not, however, quite as
bad as some of the provisions of the bin of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, for in that
it was provided, among other things, that if
certain offenses should not be punished by the
State courts the county shouldbe assessed with
double damages, and then it prohibited the
State courts from punishingthese very offenses.
I have not time to examine the second and
third sections of thisbill, but 1 come directly to
the fourth, which authorizes the President, at
his mere will and pleasure, to suspend that great
muniment of Anglo-Saxon liberty, the writ of
habeas corpus, to declare martial law, and, of
course, try by courts-martial and military com-
missions, and finally, on his own motion, to de-
clare and make war upon any portion of the
.people of the United States. And the party
proposing to confer upon the President these
unlimited powers calls itself a Republican
party, and professes to do this in order " to
guaranty a republican form of government
to the States I" The paper is not improved by
the guarantee. And first., sir, as to the suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus^ in which
connection I call the attention of the House to
what is said by Justice Story upon that sub-
ject. I refer you to 3 Story, Constitutional
Law, pages 200-209. In speaking of this writ
he says;
"It is, therefore. justly osteerned the great bul-
wark of personal liberty, since it is the appropriate
remedy to ascertain whether any person is right-
fully in confinement or not, and the cause of his
confinement; and if no sufficient ground of deten-
tion appears tho party is entitled to his immediate
discharge. This writ is most boneficially construed,
and is applied to every cose of illegal restraint,
whatever it may be; for every restraint upon a
man's liberty is, in the eyo of tho law, an imprison-
ment, wherever may be tho place, or whatever may
be the manner, in which the restraint is effected."
Mr. Justice Blackstone has remarked with
great force that—
" To bereave a man of life, or by violence to con-
fiscate his estate without accusation or trial, would
be so gross and notorious an act of despotism as
must at once convey the alarm of tyranny through-
out the whole kingdom. But confinement of the
person by secretly hurrying him to jail, where his
sufferings are unknown or forgotten, is a less pub-
lic, a loss Btnking, and therefore a more dangerous
engine of arbitrary force."
Story proceeds:
"In England the benefit of it was often eluded
prior to tho reign of Charles II, and especially dur-
ing tho reign of Charles I. These pitiful evasions
gave rise to the famous habeas corpus (act of 31 Car.
2, c. 2,) which has -been frequently considered as
another Magna Charta in that kingdom, and has
reduccd the general method of proceedings on these
writs to tho true standard of law and liberty. That
statute has been, in substance, incorporated into the
jurisprudence of.every State in the Union; and the
right to it has been secured in most, if not m all. of
the State constitutions by a provision similar to that
existing in the Constitution of the United States.
It is notwithout reason, therefore, that the common
law was deemed by our anoestors a part of the law
of the land, brought with them upon their immigra-
tion, so far as it was suited to their circumstances,
since it affords the amplest protection for their
rights and personal liberty. Congress have vested
in tho courts of the United States full authority to
issue this great writ in cases falling properly within
the jurisdiction of the national Government."
He further says:
"As it has frequently happened in foreign coun-
tries, and oven in England, that the writ has upon
various pretexts and occasions been suspended,
whereby persons apprehended upon suspicion have
suffered a long imprisonment, sometimes from design
and sometimes because they were forgotten, the right
to suspend it is expressly confined to cases of rebel-
lion or invasion, where the public safety may require
it. A very just and wholesome restraint, which cuts
down at a biowafruitful means of oppression, capa-
ble of beint? abused in bad times to the worst of
purposes. Hitherto no suspension of the writ has
ever been authorized by Congress since the establish-
ment of tho Constitution. It would seem, as the
power is given to Congress to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus in cases of rebellion or invasion, that
the right to judge whether exigency had arisen must
exclusively belong to that body."
Now, sir, it will be observed that this great
writ can only be suspended in two cases, to wit,
in case of rebellion or invasion, and not even
then unless the public (not party) safety shall
require it. And to whom is the power given
to suspend this writ? To Congress, who alone
have the u right to judge whether exigency"
had arisen. And yet in this bill you have del-
egated this power to the Executive. He holds
the purse and the sword, and you give him the
unlimited use of them, and in addition to this
you propose to surrender to him a portion at
least of the law-making power, which, by the
Constitution, is plainly delegated to Congress,
and which we have no right to delegate to
others 5 for it is a maxim of law, as old as tho
Roman civil code, that u delegatus non potest
delegare." Again, the writ of habeas corpus
can only be suspended in cases of rebellion
or invasion. Now, it is not pretended that
there is any invasion} but we are told there
is " rebellion," and m order to arrive at this
result certain acts are construed to be rebel-
lion, and thus in place of a constructive trea-
son" we have " constructive rebellion." Now,
let us examine a little into your '' constructive
rebellion."
Will the author of the bill please answer me
this question: " Can there be rebellion without
treason?" I suppose he will be compelled to
answer " 110." Then, sir, when the President
declares a State or parts of a State to be in
rebellion, and arrests men for that offense,
must you not try them for treason; or do you
propose to charge them with one offense and
convict them of another? Suppose you airaign
for treason 5 then, sir, I confront you with the
third section of the third article of the Con-
stitution which declares that—
"Treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them or in adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
Truly-
But—
"Xour ways may be dark,"
"Your tricks will be vain."
Is it because of the difficulty presented by
this third section of the third article that you
empower the President to declare and enforce
martial law, with its concomitants of trials
by courts-martial and military commissions
which are " organized to convict?"
And in this connection I must again refer
the House to what is said by Justice Story
(vol. 3, pages G07-670) in regard to treason:
"The third section of the third article is as fol-
lows : 'Treason against the United States shall con-
sist only in levying war against them or in adhering
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No
person shall bo convicted of treason unless on the
testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or
on confession in open court/ "
"In times of high political excitement"—
And he might have added, in cases of great
party emergency—
" acts of a very subordinate nature are often, by
popular prejudices, as well as by royal resentment,
magnified into this ruinous importance. It is, there-
fore, of very great importance that its true n ature and
limits should be exactly ascertained; and Montes-
quieu was so sensible of it that he has not scrupled
to declare that if tho crime of treason be indeterm-
inate, that alone is sufficient to make any Govern-
ment degenerate into arbitrary power. The history
of England itselfisfull of melancholy instruction on
this subject.
"By the ancient common law it was left very
much to discretion to determine what acts were and
were net treason; and the judges of those tiine3,
holding ofiico at the pleasure of the Crown, became
but too pften instruments m its hands of foul injus-
tice. At the instance of tyrannical princes they
had abundant opportunities to create constructive
treasons; that is, by forced and arbitrary construc-
tions, to raise offenses into the guilt and punishment
of treason which were notsuspected to be such. Tho
grievance of these constructive treasons was so
enormous, and so often weighed down the innocent
and the patriotic, that it was found necessary, as
early as the reign of Edward III, for Parliament to
interfere and arrest it, by declaring and defining all
the different branches of treason. This statute has
ever since remained the pole-star of English juris-
prudence upon this subject. And although, upon
temporary emergencies and in arbitrary reigns since
that period, other treasons have been created, tho
sober sense of the nation has generally abrogated
them or reduced their power within narrow limits.
"Nor have republics been exempt from violence
and tyranny of a similar character. The Federalist
has justly remarked that new-fangled and artificial
treasons have been the great engines by which vio-
lent factions, the natural offspring of free Govern-
ments, have usually wreaked their alternate malig-
nity on each other.
" It was under the influence of these admonitions,
furnished by history and human experience, that
the Convention deemed it necessary to interpose an
impassable barrier against arbitrary constructions,
either by the courts or by Congress, upon the crime
of treason. It confines it to two species: first, the
levying of war against the United States; and sec-
ondly, adhering to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort. In so doing, they have adopted the
very words of the statute of treason of Edward III;
and thus by implication, in order to cut off at one©
all chances of arbitrary constructions, they have
recognized the well-settled interpretation of these
phrases in the administration of criminal law, whieh
has prevailed for ages.
'1 Fortunately, hitherto but few cases have occurred
in the United States in which it has been necessary
for the courts of justice to act upon this important
subject. But whenever they have arisen the judges
have uniformly adherred to the established doc-
trines, even when executive influence has exerted
itself with no small zeal to procure convictions. On
one occasion only has the consideration of the ques-
tion come before the Supreme Court; and we shall
conclude what we have to say on this subj cct with a
short extract from the opinion delivered upon that
occasion:
"'To constitute that specific crime for which the
prisoners now before the court have been committed,
war must be actually levied against the United
States. However flagitious may be the crime of con-
spiring to subvert by force the Government of our
country such conspiracy is not treason.
"' To conspire to levy war, and actually to levy war,
are distinct offenses. The first must be brought into
open action by the assemblage of men for a purpose
treasonable in itself, or th6 fact of levying war can-
not have been committed. So far has this principle
been carricd that, in a Case reported by Ventris and
mentioned in some modern treatises on criminal
law, it has been determined that the actual enlist-
ment of men to serve against the Government does
not amount to levying war. It is true, that in that
case the soldiers enlisted were to serve without
the realm, but they were enlisted within it, and if
the enlistment for a treasonable purpose could
amount to levying war then war had been actually
levied.'"
It will be observed from these extracts that
it was found necessary in England, as early
as the reign of Edward III, for Parliament
to interfere and arrest the evil growing out of
the assertion of this doctrine of constructive
treason; and our fathers, well knowing that the
governing power was always striving to enlarge
the number of treasonable offenses, conceived
that they had erected an impassable barrier
to this tendency of rulers by confining trea-
son to two species, and only two. Little did
they suppose that some of their descendants
would at a single bound overleap this barrier
by the invention of constructive rebellion.
Again, the President is authorized to declare
and enforce martial law, and in this connec-
tion I will quote what is said by Chief Justice
Hale, " clarum et venerabile nomenupon the
subject of martial law:
"Eut touching the business of martial law these
things are to be observed :
" J''ir8t. That in truth and reality it is not a law, but
something indulged, rather than allowed, as a law.
The majesty of government, order, and discipline in
an-army is that only which can give those laws a
countenance.
"Secondly. This indulged law was only to extend
to members of the army or to those of the opposite
army, and never was so much indulged as intended
to be executed or exercised upon others. For others
who had not listed under the army had no color
or reason to be bound by military constitutions
applicable only to the army, whereof they wore not
parts: but they were to be ordered and governed
according to the laws to which they were subject,
though itwere a time of war.
" Thirdly. That tho exercise of martial law, where-
by any person should lose his life, or members, or
liberty, may not be permitted in time of peace when
the king's courts arc open for all persons to receive
justice according to the laws of the land."
