94
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
His Excellency Gilbert C. Walker,
Governor of Virginia :
In obedience to a telegraphic order from the hon-
orable the Secretary of War, I have this day recalled
the detachment of troops sent by me to the Taylor
farm to protect the sheriff of Norfolk county.
william e. barry.
I have cause to believe that this withdrawal of the
aid of the military forces of the United States will
render the execution of the process of the courts
more difficul t and will tend to bloodshed, for reasons
heretofore forwarded to tho President. Please advise
me why the late order from your Department and
the order of the department commander have been
modified or rescinded. Whether tfte aid of the Uni-
ted States forces can be restored to the sheriff. If
go, please cause it to be done at onee.
An immediate answer by telegram is requested, in
view of the emergency of the case.
O. C. WALKER, Governor.
To this dispatch I received the next day tho fol-
lowing reply:  
Washinoton, June 22,18/0.
His Excellency Governor G. C. Walker :
Your dispatch of this date has been submitted to
the President, and I am directed by tho Secretary
of War to say that the order withdrawing the troops
will be adhered to. j) TOWNSEND.
Adjutant General.
If such things are " done in the green tree,
what shall be done in the dry," should this bill
become a law?
I have thus, as one of the Representatives of
my State, presented the law and the testimony.
I have endeavored to do so in a manner be-
coming this great question. If I have quoted
largely from the expounders of the Constitu-
tion from the State of Massachusetts it is be-
cause, as has been said by the author of this
bill, the question goes to the foundations of our
institutions, and, he might have added, seeks
to undermine them.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, history teaches
us that the enemies of freedom have ever made
civil strife and tumult the pretext for destroy-
ing the liberties of the people. This is illus-
trated all along the track of ancient and mod-
ern history. I will cite a few examples.
Sulla, returning from the suppression of a
revolt in Greece, encountered in civil war the
followers of Marins, and after their overthrow,
became dictator and absolute master of Rome.
Julius Caesar, crowned with laurels, fresh from
his victories over rebellious Gaul, crossed the
Rubicon, scattered the armies of Pompey, and,
while rejecting the title and crown of king,
assumed all the attributes of emperor of Rome.
In France, the revolt of the Huguenots was
soon followed by the murder of Coligny and
the massacre of St. Bartholomew; and the peo-
ple, harassed by civil discord, submitted to
the absolute rule of the Louises. The dead
calm of despotism was preferred to civil strife.
And again, the suppression of the revolt in La
Vendue was quickly followed by the reign of
terror; and that was soon succeeded by the
consulate and empire of the first Napoleon.
I trust our rulers do not intend to imitate these
examples. If they do, then, sir, I desire to
call their attention' to one bright exception
to the dark picture which I have drawn.
I refer you to that country from which we
have drawn oar language and most of our
institutions and laws. However we may dis-
pute over the Alabama claims, or tho fishery
question, I hope the day is far distant when
We shall cease to remember that our ancestors
were the countrymen of Shakspeare and Mil-
ton, Newton and Locke, Blackstone and Hale,
Sidney and Hampden. In England, while re-
volt, rebellion, and civil strife may for a short
time have been followed by repression, yet in
the end the result has always been an advance
in the direction of freedom ; and to day, if the
British Parliament were to confer upon the
queen's ministers the powers which it is now
proposed to confer upon our republican Pres-
ident there would be a revolution in less than
twenty four hours.
Sir, I still have faith in the Anglo-Saxon
blood of the Ajnerican people. So soon as the
mists of prejudice and the clouds of passion,
engendered by the late war, shall have passed
away, they will discover that those whom they
had placed as " sentinels upon the outer walls "
of freedom, while signaling to them an imagin-
ary foe upon the far-off southern horzion, and
warning them against dangers which do not
exist, have themselves been busily engaged in
sapping and mining the very foundations of
the citadel of their liberties, the Constitution
of the United States. And when the people
shall discover this there will come up to these
Halls a voice of condemnation so loud and
deep that it may well be taken for the "voice
of God."
Sir, this storm of popular indignation has
already swept over the distant prairies of Mis-
souri. You may hear, too, its angry mutterings
along the blue mountains of Pennsylvania in
the warning voice of her Republican Governor.
And but the other day it shook the granite
hills of New Hampshire to their very base;
and the political graves in which the party in
power fondly hoped they had forever buried
the friends of the Constitution, have opened
and have given up, not dead men's dry bones,
but active, living men, who are now in our
midst 1
To the faithful shepherds, who have watched
during the long, dark night of a nation's agony,
there has at length appeared the bright morn-
ing star in the east, which heralds the approach
of the glorious dawn of peace and joy and
deliverance. But when Ilerod, the king, and
his high priests heard these things they were
exceeding wroth, and sent forth and sought to
slay the innocents.
Protection of life, etc., at the Soutli.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. STEVENSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Senate of tiie United States,
March 30, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution of Mr. Sherman, to protect the life, property,
&c., of the people of the South—
Mr. STEVENSON said:
Mr. President: I listened with interest
to the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] a few days ago in his defense of the
Postmaster General touching the suspension
of the mail in Kentucky. I assume that every
fact which could justify that official in the
exercise of so arbitrary an act of power has
been placed before the Senate. If the defense
cannot be sustained it is from no want of
ability or zeal in the advocate, but results
from the utter weakness of the cause which
the Senator's party allegiance requires him to
uphold.
As the suspension of the mail continues,
and a large portion of the people of Kentucky
are still without postal facilities, I propose
briefly to review the grounds upon which the
honorable Senator from Indiana has placed the
defense of the Postmaster General. At the
risk of being tedious, I recall the facts. An
attempted outrage by some unknown man was
committed upon one Gibson, a colored mail
agent, on the 26th of January, 1871, at Notth
Benson, in Shelby county, Kentucky. The mail
was not suspended until the 3d of March, 1871.
The only person who witnessed the occurrence
that has been introduced is H. C. Hodges, the
postmaster at North Benson; and I would here
inquire of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
who seems to be thoroughly posted on this sub-
ject, whether H. C. Hodges, whose affidavit I
read, and about whom we had a discussion the
other day, is not, and was not on the 20th of
January, 1871, postmaster at North Benson?
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, lam
inclined to think not, though I do not know.
In the Blue Book the name of the postmaster
is put down as G. A. Hodges, I believe, while
this man signs his name "H. C. Hodges."
In the statement read by the honorable Sen-
ator in his first remarks this man subscribes
himself as '• local mail agent and depot mas- -
ter,"notas postmaster. I inferred, from the
way in which he subscribed himself to the
statement read by the honorable Senator, that
he was not postmaster; but he may be; and
the name given in the Blue Book is different,
perhaps a brother or some relative of the same
name; I do not know. But if he signs him-
self correctly in the statement read by the
Senator, he is not postmaster.
Mr. STEVENSON. My information is that
he is the postmaster.
Mr. MORTON. He may be.
Mr. STEVENSON. As the Postmaster
General had furnished the honorable Senator
from Indiana with all the papers relative to
this transaction, I presumed he could promptly
have informed me of the fact whether Hodges
was postmaster or not. Be that as it may, the
only proof that has been introduced touching
this alleged outrage on the 26th of January is
by this man Hodges. His statement is, that—
"Before the train approached North Benson, four
men arrived at the depot and dismounted. When
the train was seventy-five yards from thestation the
stoutest man of the party stapped out on the plat-
form and drew a Colt's Navy revolver, saying he
intended to kill the negro mail agent. I begged him
to desist and called on some gentlemen to disarm
him. His own friends camo around him and took
his pistol from him. When the train was even with
the platform, and running veiy slow, the man, still
bent on assaulting the negro, j umped into the mail
car alone and attempted to drag the mail agent out;
but tho train moving otf very quick, he was frus-
trated, and jumped Irom the train after it was in
motion."
I should be glad to hear if the honorable
Senator from Indiana knows of any other
proof that the Postmaster General has received
touching this attempted outrage. If not, a per-
tinent question arises, which 1 propound : how
comes it that the Postmaster General in his
letter to Mr. Speaker Blaine, on the 11th of
March, 1871, undertakes to give a coloring'
and false glare to this outrage which his own
appointee does not sustain and his testimony
does not substantiate? The Postmaster Gen-
eral says that—
" The agent referred to, whose name is William H.
Gibson, returning on the 26th January, 1871, from
Lexington to Louisville, when the train halted at
North Benson, found a number of men assembled
at the station, one of whom, a large and powerful
man, violently entered the mail car, struck the
agent a tremendous blow in the face, and endeav-
ored to drag him out of the car, crying, ' We'll kill
you! come out! come out!' A struggle ensued,
during which the train started and the assailant
leaped out, and a number of shots were fired at tho
train."
Where does the Postmaster General get his
authority for the statement that a number of
shots were fired at the train ? I beg the Sen-
ator from Indiana to tell the Senate, if he can,
where Mr. Creswell gets the authority for his
statement that this man hallooed out " We'll
kill you, we'll kill you?" Look at the state-
ment of Hodges, who witnessed the occur-
rence, and who is the only witness who has
testified on the subject, and see how absolutely
variant from, and bow completely it contra-
dicts, the incidents of the outrage as detailed
by the Postmaster General.
There is not a tittle of evidence that Gibson
received a blow, not a word of proof that shots
were fired at the train, save that Hodges does
say that after the train had moved off one
man—not the assailant, who had given up his
pistol—fired a solitary shot in the air. And yet
an official of this Government, in a public let-
'ter to the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives; undertakes to asseverate, in detailing
this alleged outrage, that shots were fired at this
train and that this colored mail agent, Gibson,
received a violent blow in the face. Was there
ever a more direct and palpable variance
