1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
from the Government his obligation to alle-
giance is gone.
The preamble to our Constitution also, Mr.
Speaker, in no doubtful language declares the
same principle. I have heard it stated by
able and clear-headed men that the framers
of the Constitution assumed that the State
governments would secure to the citizens these
fundamental civil rights, and that it was not
their purpose to deal with them in forming
the national Union, that that Union was for
purposes of commerce. Now let the Consti-
stitution itself answer:
' "Wo, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
tense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ordjin and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America."
Now I concede that the preamble to the
Constitution contains no grant of power; it
authorizes Congress to secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity only
by the means which the Constitution itself
provides ; but, sir, in construing the powers
affirmatively granted, you must do it remem-
bering the preamble sets forth what those
powers were intended to accomplish, and any
limitation of those powers short of that accom-
plishment is contradicted by the preamble
itself. We ordain and establish this Consti-
tution, say the fathers, in order thereby that
justice may be established, in order thereby
that the general welfare may be promoted, in
order thereby that the blessings of liberty may
be secured to ourselves and our posterity.
Now who shall dare so limit the powers con-
ferred by that instrument as to say that under
it any lesser authority exists which may estab-
lish injustice, which may promote the welfare
of a class at the expense of the rest of the peo-
ple, or which may deprive ottrselves or our
posterity of the blessings of liberty.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to the consider-
ation of the body of the instrument. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. ShellaBargek] said
yesterday that we were entering upon an un-
explored field, and that is true. The reason
is manifest. For the first seventy years after
the adoption of the Constitution every attempt
to carry out logically and give logical exposi-
tion of any provision for the maintenance of
civil liberty was met at once by the frowning
black wall of slavery. The moment any states-
man or any jurist asserted the general princi-
ples of the right to life, liberty, and property,
or the fundamental rights of mankind, he was
met by one large section of the country with
the objection, how is this logic to affect our
slaves? And for thatreason these powersforthe
first seventy years have been like a bandaged
limb, unused and stiff. Now, when we have
stricken out this one illogical contradiction of
every principle contained in our Constitution,
and when instead of it we have inserted the
great and sublime principles of the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments, now,
when we have taken this new departure in the
Constitution, which is to bind this Republic
for hundreds and thousands of years we fondly
hope, which shall bind it when it shall have
spread over the continent, and, in good time,
over the islands of the sea, are we to bind this
great people by the habits of construction which
existed during the first seventy years of this
country, when this contradiction to all of these
principles existed in one partof this Republic?
Now, Mr. Speaker, taking a general vew of
the instrument, what do we find there? The
powers given to Congress by the Constitu-
tion may be classed under two general heaiis:
powers given for the protection of commerce,
powers given for the protection and preser-
vation of the fundamental civil rights of man.
The object of the Constitution of the United
States is twofold:
First. To concentrate the strength of the
whole people and provjde for a uniform ex
pression of its will, for the protection and regu-
lation of commercial intercourse, domestic and
foreign.
Second. To secure the blessings of liberty
and promote the general welfare by prohibit-
ing the States from doing what is inconsistent
with civil liberty, and compelling them to do
what is essential to its maintenance.
To secure the first object are given the
powers of war, peace, treaty, money, bank-
ruptcy, the post office, administration of justice
in causes admiralty and maritime, and be-
tween States or their citizens, and those of
other States or foreign countries, and punish-
ment of offenses by sea. To accomplish the
second are inserted the various restrictions on
State legislation, to be enforced by the national
judiciary; the great power of guarantying to
every State a republican form of government,
and the power to enforce by appropriate legis-
lation the three new constitutional provisions
which secure personal freedom, equality before
the law, equality of political power to all men
born or naturalized within the United States..
With these exceptions, the regulation of
commerce and the great subjects that pertain
thereto, of foreign intercourse, with the attend-
ant powers of war, peace, and treaties, the
denial to the States of the power to do any
act inconsistent with republican equality, the
compulsion of the States by national authority
to do all things necessary to its maintenance,
all powers of Government are reserved to the
States. For all purposes of commerce and
foreign intercourse, a republic, a unit, speak-
ing with one voice; for all purposes of domestic
government, many republics, various, diverse,
free to seek their own welfare, to make their
own laws, to regulate their own institutions in
their own way, only by an irresistible central
power prohibited from doing wrong and con-
strained to do right in those things wh'ch are
essential to republican liberty. That is the
American Constitution.
One observation I may here properly make.
The protection of commerce may seem to
occcupy the most space in the Constitution.
Sir William Blackstone makes precisely the
same observation in regard to the English law.
Afterenumerating a few simple comprehensive
provisions for the benefit of human rights and
the numerous ones for the benefit of property
and commerce, he says :
"These will take up a great space in any code of
laws, and lienee may appear to be more attended
to, though in reality they are not, than the rights
oi the former kind."
But the very simplicity and comprehensive-
ness of the provisions of our Constitution for
the protection of personal liberty and civil
rights show the superior care which our fathers
had for the latter. They provide that Con-
gress shall guaranty to the States a repub-
lican form of government, and it shall have
power to pass all laws necessary to carry into
effectall the powers granted by the instrument.
They did not say—as in the case of the
enumeration of the powers necessary for the
protection of commerce, " Congress may
declare martial law in certain cases." And
why? Because when the case arose the infer-
ence would have been that in such cases there
would have been no other remedy. They did
not say that Congress might establish certain
special tribunals when necessary, for then the
inference would have been that this was the
only method of protecting civil rights. But
they gave the broad power to Congress to
guaranty a republican form of government,
leaving Congress to judge of the necessity and
determine the method of its exercise.
And in this connection I desire to cite the
solemn words of Chief Justice Marshall, in
his great judgment in the case of McCulloch
against Maryland. He says :
"Also never forget that it is a Constitution you
are interpreting."
It is not a deed. It ia not a will. It is not
a limited power. But when you interpret the
Constitution of the United States you are
declaring the extent, of the vitality, of the liv-
ing power of a nation, of a being with life,
with strength, with health, with immortality.
And the first law of your interpretation must
be, of course, that which makes for the health
and life of the nation, whose powers you are
declaring.
I desire now to call attention very briefly to
the effect of the great clause, which happily
we have had little occasion to discuss, making
it the duty of the United States to guaranty to
every State a republican form of government.
This is sometimes discussed as if it were the
form, and not the substance, we were to guar-
anty. Gentlemen say to us: " Why, the States
of the South have constitutions republican in
form ; their Representatives are chosen by their
whole people ; they have a judiciary, they have
provision ample and perfect in form for the
protection of every civil right."
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not a form that we are
instructed to guaranty. It is not only a foi m,
but a form in force as a government, operating,
ruling, carrying into effect, securing, estab-
lishing the great rights under which the people
to whom it applies are to be governed.
Now, there may be a government perfect in
form of republicanism as any government
which the wit of man can devise ; still it may
fail to be a republican form of government.
Take the State of South Carolina for exam'ple.
In that State by the last census, I believe, more
than three fifths of the entire population were
negroes. In that State, 1 suppose, consider-
ably more than three fifths of the entire popu-
lation are Republicans. Now, suppose that
in that State, with its constitution providing
for trial by jury, providing an independent
judiciary, providing for equality of civil rights,
providing for the right to vote and to hold office
of every citizen, there should be a conspiracy
upon the part of a certain portion of the people
that by intimidation, by murder, by outrage,
this majority of the people dare not exercise
those rights which their State constitution
undertakes to declare for them. Suppose that
by that conspiracy, secret but understood, ex-
ecuting its purposes with a certainty more com-
plete and more terrible than ever attended due
process of law in a civil community, every
person who dared to lift, his voice in opposition
to the sentiment of this conspiracy found his
life and his property insecure. Suppose that
conspiracy takes possession of the jury-box,
and under its rule no one of the majority of
that Slate can gain his case on whatever evi-
dence, and no one associated with the con-
spiracy will lose his case against his Repub-
lican neighbor, whatever may be the evidence.
Suppose, further, that the constitution of the
State all the time declaring that there shall be
punishment of crime, to a particular class of
citizens there is no criminal remedy enforced
for any crime committed upon them. Is that
form of government on paper, enrolled on
parchment, truly a form of government? Has
Congress performed its constitutional duty
when it has guarantied to the people of South
Carolina the writing down on parchment, the
printing between covers of sheepskin, a con-
stitution declaring the rights of those people ?
Not at all. It must be a government, and a
government in force; not a government, ad-
ministered by a conspiracy nnder the pretense
and under the form of republican security.
In that case I claim that the power of Con-
gress to inteivene is complete and ampie. The
form of government is not in force, it is not
the binding operative rule under which the
citizens live, but another rule of civil conduct
has usntped its place.
But I may be asked, how do you distinguish
the right to interfere in a case like this irotu
the right to interfere in any case where there
may be an impeifection in the administration
of jusiice or incomplete security for human
rights? Sir, criminals escape punishment in
Massachusetts, in Vermont. A railroad com-
pany does not stand a fair chance for an
