96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
day after this alleged assault, the excitement
was cooling down, and no sane man doubts
that on the following day it had entirely dis-
appeared. This is proved by the fact that
no indignity was offered Gibson from the 26th
January to 3d March, when the mail transport-
ation ceased. It is proved further by the fact
that a colored mail agent, from Eminence to
New Castle, in Henry, carried the mail for
months, perhaps years, and still carriesit with-
out interruption. What the state of feeling
against Gibson is now I do not know. If any
excitement exists it has been engendered by
this most intolerable act of oppression toward
the people of central Kentucky.
And here, Mr. President, I desire to make
a personal explanation.
Daring the running debate in the Senate on
the 18th, in alluding to this assault upon Gibson,
I had occasion to say
"The Federal courts, the Federal officers knew,
who this man was who attempted this outrage. He
did not live there; his politics are not disclosed.
Why did not the Federal authorities arrest him for
an aggression upon a Federal agency ? It was a
crime. It was an interference with a mail route.
The Federal court had jurisdiction. Why was lie not
arrested? Why was he not iadicted? Why was he
not tried? Then the world would have known what
his politics were."
These utterances have been misconstrued
by the United States district attorney in Ken-
tucky, who supposed that I intended to reflect
upon the official integrity of the Federal judi-
cial officers of Kentucky. Nothing was fur-
ther from my purpose. If the language is
susceptible properly of such a construction I
promptly disavow it.
I had no purpose, i  referring to the fact that
the assailant of Gibson was known to the Fed-
eral judicial officers in Kentucky, to impugn the
personal or official conduct of any of those gen-
tlemen. I have been upon the kindest terms
■with them all, and bear willing testimony to
their faithful and fearless discharge of official
duty. I had no personal knowledge that the
Federal officials knew who the man was that
assaulted Gibson. I had seen a positive state-
ment to that effect in one or more of the Ken-
tucky papers, and I did not doubt its truth.
My argument was intended simply to show that
if the Federal authorities, with the United
States soldiers at their back, failed to arrest
and bring this offender to trial, the Senator
from Indiana had no right to charge the State
authorities in Kentucky with indorsing Ku
Klux outrages because they were unable to
arrest and bring the perpetrators.to trial. I
had supposed that the mail agent, with the Fed-
eral soldiers at his command, could, if he had
been informed who the assailant was, have
promptly arrested him and brought him to trial.
The Commercial, which is a Republican
paper, edited by a gallant gentleman whose
testimony I shall invoke again before I get
through, it now appears, first contained the
statement, which I originally saw in the Ledger,
that the names of the parties who made the
assault oil the mail agent at North Benson were
in possession of the United States authorities
prior to the 7th March.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator refer to
the Louisville Commercial?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir; I am refer-
ring to the Louisville Commercial of the 7th
of March. I read, however, from the Louis-
ville Daily Ledger of the 28th instant, which
contains the paragraph I am about to read as
appearing in the Louisville Commercial of the
former date:
"In the latter's [Commercial's] issue of Maroh 7,
replying to our confident assertion that themen who
assailed Gibson would be found to be Radicals,
appeared the following paragraph:
' 'The Ledger is informed that the names of the
parties who made the assault on the mail agent at
North Benson have been in possession of the United
States authorities for some time. If the Ledger is
certain they are Radicals, and will undertake to
capture them, a commission as deputy marshal will
be issued to the most active of its staff.'"
The statement, therefore, made by me the
other day, that this assailant was known to the
Federal authorities, is corroborated by the
editor of the Republican paper. Still, Mr.
President, I am glad to disavow, as I now do,
that I had the slightest purpose, in my reference
to this affair, to reflect upon the judicial officers
of the United States in Kentucky, and I do so
in despite of the splenetic card of the United
States district attorney in Kentucky.
Mr. President, the Postmaster General pre-
fers to deprive a portion of the Kentucky peo-
ple of their postal privileges, which they are
heavily taxed to support, rather than transfer
this colored mail agent to some other route.
He seems determined to persevere in his course,
neither to remove Gibson nor place a guard
upon the train. As my honorable colleague
said this morning, the proof that Gibson was
in 110 danger is found in the fact, cited by the
honorable Senator fgom Indiana, that he was
the mail agent upon the Lebanon route for
many months without a guard, and was never
interrupted. Why not replace him there ?
The power to stop the mail, although the
law does confide it in extreme and extraordin-
ary cases to the Postmaster General, should
be-exercised with extreme delicacy. It was
never intended to become a weapon of party
warfare. If during the war, and if now amid
the Indian troubles on our western frontier,
the mails are safely transported, is it not pre-
posterous for the Postmaster General to stand
before the American people, whether Repub-
licans or Democrats, and say that in conse-
quence of an isolated attempt in January last by
one man to strike at, to pull out, or an attempt
to otherwise injure a mail agent, the Post-
master General is justified a month afterward
in suspending the mail? Does the Postmaster
General expect to allay excitement by such a
proceeding?
I think it was Lord Bacon who said " better
remove the cause of popular irritation and
disturbance, where it exists, than to attempt
by force and violence to extinguish it." If
the Postmaster General would act as Post-
masters General in former times, and recog-
nize the maxim, that official duty was higher
than party allegiance, he would have removed
Gibson long ago and put him on another
route.
Mr. President, I felt that it was my duty to
review Mr. Creswell's defense as made by the
honorable Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question, if it does not inter-
rupt him ?
Mr." STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator whether
the Legislature of Kentucky, in response to
either of his messages, passed any bill or law
with a view t.o carry out his wishes as ex-
pressed in' his messages, and to secure the
protection of life and property in Kentucky j
whether any action was had in pursuance of
his recommendations ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I regret to say that
they did not do so while I was in the execu-
tive chair.
Mr. MORTON. Have they since T
"Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think they
have. But how does that justify the Post-
master General? Allow me to tell the Senator
from Indiana that in my judgment they might
have passed such a law but for the attempt by
certain Federal officials to dragoon them into
it. The letter from the postmaster at Lex-
ington to the Postmaster General, saying
" Stop the mails" in order to coerce the Legis-
lature to the performance of official duty, would
rarely evoke from any Legislature of freemen
benign and wise legislation. Sir, all legisla-
tive assemblies are human; they are creatures
of passion and impulse, and subject to mortal
frailty. They will do their whole duty, unless
attempted to be coerced to it by the domination
of centralized power. I regret as much as the
honorable Senator that certain enactments were
not passed ; for I knew then) as I know now,
that the failure of the Legislature to pass them
would afford new ground with the Senator and
his friends for assault upon and invectives
against Kentucky. The only trouble is, her
polities do not suit my honorable friend from
Indiana.
The Senator from Indiana and the Senator
from Ohio both seemed to intimate that the
positions assumed by me in the Senate were
not in harmony with recommendations made
by me while Governor for the suppressing of
lawlessness in Kentucky. It is not so. In
ev^ry suggestion which I felt it my duty to
urge upon the Legislature for the suppressing
of violence and the prompt detection and pun-
ishment of the lawless disturbers of the public
peace I said then, what I say now, that it was
equally unjust and pernicious to ascribe to
political causes or to party combinations dis-
orders which received the condemnation of
good men of all parties and the countenance
and apology, however indirect, of none.
Mr. President, I should probably have taken
no part in the debate upon the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio, if that gentleman had not
proclaimed to the Senate and the world " that
a state of horror existed in Kentucky, un-
equaled almost by any of the late rebel States,
and that organized bands of desperate bad men,
composed chiefly of confederate soldiers and
Democrats, had been organized for political
purposes, and were committing murder and
rapine throughout the Commonwealth. To
have remained silent under so unjust and false
an aspersion upon the character of the Ken-
tucky people would have been to prove myself
recreant to my trust, especially when I was
persuaded that speeches containing such mon-
strous perversion of the actual condition of
affairs in Kentucky were to be scattered broad-
cast over the North and East, to enlist party
animosity and engender prejudice against that
Commonwealth.
Whatever the extent of disorder and vio-
lence committed by bad men in Kentucky, it
cannot be truthfully asserted that such lawless-
ness was the result of any pplitical or party
organization of any sort. Every violation of
the law has been promptly denounced by good
men of all parties alike, and by none more
strongly ana persistently than by the Demo-
cratic officials and leading confederate officers
and soldiers, whether in or out of office.
I did say in this debate that during my ad-
ministration not more than half a dozen acta
of Ku Klux outrages had come to my knowl-
edge. I used the term ''half dozen" in an
approximate sense, to convey my belief that,
whether more or less, such outrages were in-
considerable in number, and these confined to
special localities in three or four counties of
the State. In this connection allow me to say
to the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] that in that estimate I did not mean
to include certain disorders which occurred
during the earlier period of my administration
by an organization styled Regulators.
Upon the close of the war, and as a necessary
outgrowth of it, many disorders occurred.
Crime and frequent acts of individual outrage
in certain counties marked the demoraliza-
tion which history'attests to be the legitimate
sequence of all war. Many of the offenders by
whom these outrages were committed wero
acquitted and escaped punishment. To check
this increase of crime, and to rid the community
ofthese bad men, a sort of vigilance committee,
composed, as it was then rumored, of citizens
of high character, was organized in certain
counties of the State, who undertook to examine
into the facts Of every disorder and to execute
their judgment summarily upon the offender
