1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Stevenson.
Senate.
•without trial. The death of several persons at
th} hands of the Regulators aroused a spirit
of ravenge and retaliation with friends of the
slain, and reciprocal acts of violence occurred.
It was to put down these violations of law, and
suppress both organizations, that I twice called
out the militia. So far from failing in my pur-
pose, as the honorable Senator from Indiana
intimated, I assure him the effort was entirely
successful. The Regulators and their oppo-
nents both disbanded, and I believe for more
than two years a Regulator has not been heard
of. Similar organizations had existed in other
States, especially iu California and in Indiana,
without eliciting the anathemas now hurled so
unsparingly at Kentuckj'.
More recently an organization designated as
the Ku Klux have committed certain outrages
to which 1 have already had occasion to refer,
and upon which the Senator from Indiana has
commented.
I deeply regret that a solitary instance of
violence or lawlessness has occurred in Ken-
tucky. My official action when connected with
the State government attests my condemnation
of it. My opinions have not altered an iot.a.
I am as ready now as then to urge and invoke
every legal State enactment for its suppression.
But I cannot and will not sit silently in this
Chamber and hear partisan clamor exaggerate
these offenses and paint a picture of wholesale
murder, rapine, and violence as now existing
in Kentucky without a prompt contradiction
of its truth, still less without exposing the fal-
lacy that these excesses are committed by Dem-
ocrats and confederates, as a political organiza-
tion for party ends. The Senators from Ohio
and Indiana have been imposed on in this
respect. It is enough that bad men will com-
bine to commit acts of lawlessness, and thereby
bring discredit upon Kentucky, without exag-
gerating their number or falsely charging upon
the .Democracy of that State any affiliation or
sympathy with violence or disorder anywhere.
It is a strange anomaly to hear the two distin-
guished Senators, in support of their indict-
ment against the Democracy of Kentucky,
charging it with Ku Klux violence, reading the
editorials oi'Democratic papers, the charges of
Democratic judges, the messages of a Demo-
cratic Governor, condemning in the strongest
terms the Ku Klux organization and invok-
ing popular indignation and the extreme penal-
ties of the law for the prompt punishment of its
excesses and crimes. I have no personal
knowledge of the number who constitute the
organization by which acts of violence have
been committed in Kentucky. I have never
believed, nor do I now believe, that they
exceed one hundred men, perhaps not fifty.
They are, as I have learned, confined to cer-
tain localities in four or five counties. But
the sparseness of their numbers does not les-
sen the necessity of putting them down. Judges
Pryoranct Bruce, in their addresses to the grand
jury, reflected faithfully the popular sentiment
of nineteen twentieths of the people of Ken-
tucky.
The charge of the honorable Senator of
Ohio that confederates constitute a large por-
tion of the Ku Klux organization in Kentucky
is disproved by a gentlemen who edits the
Louisville Commercial, a Republican paper,
quoted by me previously in another connec-
tion. That paper says:
" Mr. Sherman, in his speech in the Senate in ref-
erence to outrages in tbo South, undoubtedly did
injustice to one class of the southern people. lhe
ex-confederate soldiersare not, as aelass, chargoablo
with the lawlessness so rampant in many quarters.
On the contrary, as a class, tbey havo been the most
ordeily and most liberal and ready in their acquies-
cence m the new order of things of any class thatsym-
pathized with the secession movement. In any case
wtiere men professing to be ex-oonfederate soldiers
have been lound complicated in Ku Klux riots we
believe an investigation will show that they were
guerrillas or skulkers, deserters or inlesters of hos-
pital camps and baggage trains, and never brave
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 7.
men who faced their duty steadily in the ranks in
battle and on the march. If Mr. Sherman could
succeed in enlisting heartily in the effort to secure
peace and oHer those confederate soldiers who were
the greatest impediments to reconstruction while
war lasted, there would be less trouble in disposing
of the skulking scoundrels, who were never in our
way during the war and who need now the atten-
tion of the hangman rather than of the soldier."
I am sure the Senator would not intention-
ally malign any one. Yet the language of his
resolution does the greatest injustice to a large
class of noble men, who have returned from
the disasters of battle with their honor spotless
and peerless, and who in spite of their polit-
ical ostracism are doing all in their power
in upholding the peace and developing the
resources of the entire country.
Mr. President, during the opening speech
of the Senator from Ohio upon his resolution
he took occasion in arraigning the southern
States for Ku Klux outrages to speak in in-
dignant terms of the killing of Crane by Yer-
ger in the State of Mississippi. I know
nothing of the facts of that case, and mean to
express no opinion. It may have been what
the Senator from Ohio says it was, murder.
But still it was an individual killing, resulting
from a personal renconter, hundreds of which
daily occur in Indiana, in Ohio, and almost
eyery State in the Union. Whatever the grade
of the offense, whether murder or manslaugh-
ter, the Senator knows that the State and not
the Federal courts have jurisdiction over it.
I was therefore at a loss to know why the cita-
tion of an isolated assault should have beeu so
prominently cited by the Senator. In reply to
this I stated that, if crimes of that sort jus-
tified inquisitorial investigating committees, I
thought it would appear that three times more
crime was committed in Cincinnati during a
year than in Kentucky. It was not an apology
for violence anywhere, nor was it so intended.
But if personal assaults and renconters be-
tween individuals, like that of Yerger and
Crane, constitute proof of kukluxism in Mis-
sissippi, in Kentucky, or in the South, ill the
estimation of the Senator from Ohio, then I
proposed to show, by his own standard, that
three times more crime was committed in Cin-
cinnati than in Kentucky.
The Cincinnati Commercial of the 21st
March last contains the annual report of James
L. Ruffin, in Cincinnati, for the year ending
February 28, 1871. It shows 6,857 offenses
against persons and the public peace, and 937
offenses against propeity; making the total
7,794 offenses during the past year. This
would seem fully to vindicate my statement as
originally made. If one isolated case of kill-
ing be proof of Ku Klux outrages in the re-
cently reconstructed State of Mississippi, what
will the Senator say to the amount of crime
committed in Cincinnati during the past year?
I do not cite this official record of crime in
Cincinnati to detract from the high character
of Ohio as a moral,-enterprising, rich, orderly
Commonwealth ; but merely as a just offset to
the argument of her Senator that isolated eases
of individual crime are proof of kukluxism.
If this be true, Ohio will have to be looked
after.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask him a question V
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Can the Senator make
any statement or read any authority to show-
that in any case a person charged with crime
in Ohio is not arrested as soon as possible,
and tried and found guilty by a jury in the
ordinary course? There is one penitentiary
near Cincinnati. We all know that the great
body of crime in our communities is committed
in the large cities. Cincinnati furnishes. I
believe, nearly one third of the inmates of that
penitentiary. That is true because it is a large
city, and we know that more crimes are com-
mitted there generally than in the rural places.
But I think the Senator from Kentucky will be
unable to quote any authority to show that any
offense committed in Ohio is not promptly
tried and the criminal convicted in due course
of law. s
Mr. STEVENSON. I think I can cite the
Senator to several cases in Cincinnati of kill-
ing where the parties have been arrested, tried,
and acquitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nodoubtofit.
_Mr. STEVENSON. I think if tlie Senator
will remember he can recall some very lead-
ing cases where manslaughter and other most
atrocious assaults have occurred in Ohio in
which the parties have been acquitted. And
was that not precisely Yerger's case? Has he
not been tried? Is he not now in the custody
of the law? Why, then, cite this particular
individual case in Mississippi; and need I cite
Indiana, where the Regulators have hung men
on two or three occasions and went unpunished ?
It does seem to me that Senators will have to
look nearer home before they scatter broad-
cast such incendiary tirades against the South
merely to rekindle the expiring embers of a
sectional contest which the unity, prosperity,
and harmony of the country sternly demands
should be extinguished forever.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to state to the
Senator the understanding I have of the differ-
ence between the cases iu Ohio and in Ken-
tucky. In Ohio the ordinary crimes are com-
mitted that are committed in all the States,
but they are crimes which are not stamped by
the peculiar circumstances of those of which
we complain. in Kentucky they have the
ordinary crimes, and I presume they are pun-
ished as well there as they are anywhere else;
but, in addition to those ordinary crimes in
Kentucky, they have these peculiar crimes,
and outrages of which complaint is made.
They are in addition to the others. Kentucky
has her full share, as Indiana and Ohio have,
of the ordinary crimes; but in addition to
them, what is charged is that in Kentucky and
other States there is a class of crimes over
and beyond those, stamped by peculiar circum-
stances, which it is alleged are not punished.
That is the difference.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand the dif-
ference. So far as the punishment of indi-
vidual cases of alleged crime like that of Yerger.
cited by the Senator from Ohio, is concerned,
it is admitted to be as well punished in Ken-
tucky as in other localities, if that be so, why
did the honorable Senatdr from Ouio cite an
isolated individual case of personal injury ? I
have not denied that a small band of unknown
men have committed outrages iu Kentucky,
who have so far escaped punishment. But
does this justify a tirade against the dominant
party of the State as countenancing such ex-
cesses and violence, especially with the docu-
mentary evidence cited by the Senator himself
of the action of two Democratic newspapers,
two Democratic judges, and a Democratic Gov-
ernor in the suppression of these disorders.
Does not the Senator know of unlawful com-
binations in Indiana, which have, on several
occasions, taken life in utter disregard of law,
and yet escaped punishment? Does he not
know of disorders iu Massachusetts and other
large States, where riots constantly occur in
the contests of labor against capital, m which
life and property both sometimes pay the for
feit, and yet where the lawless escape?
The existence of violence in one State is, I
admit, no justification for failing to suppress
it in another. But I do insist that it is some-
what unjust and illiberal to Kentucky that her
population should be denounced as criminal
violators of the personal and property rights
of a political minority because a secret and
