1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33 5
lhe majority of the people in every State are
not likely to desire to secure their own rights.
It is, whether a majority of the people in every
State are sure to be so attached to the princi-
ples of civil freedom and civil justice as to be
as much desirous of preserving the liberties
of others as their own, as to insure that under
no temptation of party spirit, under no politi-
cal excitement, under no jealousy of race or
caste, will the majority either in numbers or
strength in any State seek to deprive the re-
mainder of the population of their civil rights.
Now, what has been our experience in this
matter? In many States of this Union, ever
since thev came into existence as part of the
Union, all rights, civil, political, and personal,
have been denied to one part of their popula-
tion. So far was there from being any tendency
to correct this evil under the operation of ex-
isting State constitutions, that the civil right
of discussing temperately the rightfulness or
expediency of this state of things and the
political right of voting to put an end to it
was also denied, with penalty of banishment
or death to any person of the dominant race
whose sense of public duty might so incline
him. It is true this penalty was not. expressed
in terms on the statute-books: but it was
executed by the mob with a certainty far
more complete and terrible than attends upon
due process of law under any American admin-
istration. More than this; when it was found
that the association under the General Gov-
ernment with other States where attachment
to civil liberty prevailed endangered this state
of things, the people of these States sought
to destroy the nation itself rather than run
the risk that in the remote future the indirect
influence of this association might overthrow
the tyranny they had established. The prin-
cipal danger that menaces us to-day is from
the effort within the States to deprive consid-
erable numbers of persons of the civil and
equal rights which the General Government
is endeavoring to secure to them.
The history of the Indian tribes within our
jurisdiction is an instructive lesson. Itis a his-
tory of violence, injustice, bloodshed, rapine,
committed often under the direct authority of
the States. Whatever resistance, feeble and
impotent as it has been, has been made to
all this has been by the United States. In
the famous case of the Georgia Indians, the
judiciary of the nation went to the extreme of
its power in protecting the rights of the weak
and defenseless. On the other hand, but two
instances in our history occur to me where
there has been a direct exercise of national
authority against civil liberty and in the inter-
est of despotism. The first is the fugitive slave
bill. The other, the attempt by the adminis-
tration of Buchanan to force a pro-slavery
constitution upon the reluctant people of
Kansas.
The first, it is proper to remark, was not
an attempt to force upon any State institu-
tions or laws for the regulation of internal
concern, but an attempt to prevent a particu-
lar class of persons subjected to a degrading
oppression by local laws from escaping from
this oppression into other and freer portions
of the country. But both were signal fail-
ures, short lived and impotent attempts, whose
only effect was to rouse the indignation of the
nation and create a public sentiment which
in the end brought about the destruction of
slavery itself. On the other hand, the great
Northwest was saved from slavery by the
national power against the earnest remon-
strances of its early settlers. If it had not
been for the benignant interposition of the
national authority against the local desire
to establish despotism, those great States
of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Wis
consin would have been to day slave-holding
States.
The great judgment in Dartmouth College
vs. Woodward has secured against local inter-
ference the countless trust-funds devised by
their donors to purposes of education, charity,
and religion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that, until a
majority of the whole people shall have become
indifferent to the principles of civil liberty,
there will be no serious and permanent dan-
ger of encroachments by the national power
upon that of the States for the purpose of sub-
verting their liberties. Such encroachments
must be concurred in by the House, Senate,
and President.
Such concurrence can hardly be anticipated
unless a majority of the people in a majority
of the States shall desire its perpetration and
be prepared, for its accomplishment, to over-
ride and defy the resistance of the national
judiciary. When that state of things is reached
all constitutional barriers will, of course, have
become useless and impotent. But it is said
that the exercise of a particular political
power soon becomes habitual and attract-
ive, that if the national Government is to de-
termine when the preservation of civil liberty
requires its interference in State concerns, it
will be continually tempted to find pretexts
for such interference, which, first resorted to
on grave occasions, will be used in cases of
less magnitude, until at last the whole of the
reserved powers of the States will be destroyed.
But a little consideration will, 1 think, dem-
onstrate that these fears are futile. There is
greater danger to liberty in a single act of per-
manent oppression incorporated into the law
anywhere under the States of this Republic
than that the vast majority of the people will
interfere for the destruction of local interests.
Powers of local legislation can never be con-
veniently wielded at the center, and this incon-
venience will prevent the central Government
from permanently desiring them. Such an
assumption will always be unpopular, always
will be resisted by the party out of power, and
always be resisted by the majority in the State
in question, whose good will the party in power
will desire to conciliate. Hundreds of men
are interested in administering State powers
where one is clothed with national office, and
it will be the interest of the former to main-
tain and augment the powers on which their
own dignity and authority depends. Gentle-
men talk as if the States were something for-
eign to the nation. The majority of the Amer-
ican people is the majority also in the States.
The reserved rights of the States can never be
invaded unless that majority shall be indifferent
to the obligations of duty or the value of civil
liberty. When that time comes of course all
discussion of constitutional power or constitu-
tional restraint will be idle. Until that time
comes the duty of defending their own civil
rights will best be lodged in the last resort,
in the supremest and most august authority
known among men, the great American people.
Now this measure, in conformity with the
cautious advice of the President, will, I trust,
be short-lived. I look upon this painful ne-
cessity with as much dislike as any gentle-
man can on the Democratic side of the House.
The difference between our friends on that
side of the House and this, is this: they de-
sire to have arbitrary, irresponsible, irresist-
ible power lodged, not in the President of
the United States, not in the representatives
of the people—I will not say they desire it, but
the logical result of their argument would
accomplish it—but in irresponsible, ignorant
ruffians, who travel at midnight and separate
with the morning sun.
That is the difference. While they fear the
exercise of power in the day-light by the Pres-
ident of the United States, the constitutional
reponsible servant of the people, and by the
representatives of the people, they would
leave undisturbed at midnight, in the dark-
ness, these demons of the mask, to exercise
their terrible powers for the destruction of the
lives and desolation of the homes of innocent,
unoffending American citizens.
But I hope and trust this necessary measure
of relief will be short-lived. The permanent
remedy for the evils at the South is deeper and
milder. There is one panacea, only one;
that is, general education. The key to these
difficulties is the key of the school house.
Among the fundamental civil rights of the
citizen is, by logical necessity, included the
right to receive a full, free, ample education
from the Government, in the administration
of which it is his right and his duty to take
an intelligent part. We neglect our plain duty
so long as we fail to secure such provision.
If this policy had been adopted in 1865 we
should have had to day a generation of young
men who would have grown up all over the
South under its influence. If that policy had
been adopted in 1869, when President Grant
came into power, we should have had already
a peaceful, quiet influence pervading all those
disorderly communities. It may not be—I
believe it is not—too late now. And if our
friends on the other side will but strike hands
with us in endeavoring to hold out to these
disturbed, unhappy, discontented brethren of
ours at the South the blessings and advantages
of this benignant policy they may be assured
that they will receive the support of erary lover
of his country at the North.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, informed the House that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. U. No. 29) changed
to an act (II. 11. No. 285) to authorize the
commissioners to revise the statutes to print
their reports; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 31) granting
the right to erect a monument to Professor
Morse on a Government reservation.
enforcement of eocrikentii amendment.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WHITTHOIiNE. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has announced certain political axioms which
meet my hearty approbation ; and I trust I
shall find him, with those of his political asso-
ciates who believe in their truth, foil owing them
to their logical conclusions. The first was that
the Declaration of Independence was the great
beacon-light in the formation and institution
of our peculiar Government, and he asserted
that liberty, equality, and I believe fraternity,
was the corner-stone on which our Govern-
ment rested. I have to say to the gentleman
that for the people whom I represent upon this
floor 1 claim that and nothing more. And I
trust before I shall have done that I shall be
able to demonstrate that the offense of that
people "hath this extent, no more.'" And
again, Mr. Speaker, when he asked with whom
are our liberties safe if not with the majority
of the people, I grant his proposition, and I
ask him and his friends to cooperate wiili me
as a delegate of the people in preventing our
liberty passing from the hands of the majority
into the hands of a feeble man.
We are entering upon the consideration of
questions which are to affect, by the solution
wegive^them, the weal or woe of the people
ol the United States, now and in all time to
come. I trust what I may say upon this occa-
sion inay not tend to the prejudice of the people
I love and with whose adverse fortune I am
now and have been identified in times past; a
people brave, honest, and who are joint inher-
itors with you of the great rights of persona!
liberty and free government, the work of our
common fathers, and whose only desire is that
these may be perpetuated and secured as an
inheritance for their children. I would do in-
justice to the common sense of this House and
