1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
Whenitis remembered what immense losses
were occasioned by the war in live stock, are
not these figures marvelous?
Export of agricultural products in 1869:
The total from all the States was S389,674,987
The total from the eleven States, as per
statement taken irom agricultural report
of 18u9   246.452.10S
Over one half and nearly two thirds.
I read you now from a commercial writer,
and the same honest testimony is borne by
every commercial and financial writer:
" The groat improvement of the country since the
close of the war has taken place chiefly in the south-
ern Stsites. < Wifh every industrial interest entirely
piostrated in 1S&5, the first efforts of tho people to
impiove their condition were m the highest degree
discouraging. During 18o6 and 1807 the crops both
of cotton and grain were to a very great extent fail-
ures. The frccdmen were not disposed to work for
hue, demanded excessivo wages, and too often ren-
dered poor services. In 1S68 there was an improve-
ment. The harvest was so abundant as to furnish
the people with cheap food and with a large surplus
lor the luturc and for export, whilo tho snlo ot tho
exports of that yeur in tho form ot cotton, grain,
sugar, tobacco, and naval stores amounted to an
aggiegatc oi at least $300,000,000 in currency. Such
an-suit has brought to the people of tho South a
large degree ot strength and prosperity. It has
jestored tho broken lines of railway communication
and id creating new ones. It is cntiehihg the soil
and increasing the quality and quantity of the great
staple per acre through tho use of fertilizers and
improved tools. This evidence of tho capacity of
tho country to repair its wasto and extend its pro-
duction is highly satisfactory."
Population in the eleven States, increase,
from tables before me estimated eight hundred
thousand, showing, loo, the per centage of
increase in the negro population. Look at
these astounding results, and remember that
not six years have yet elapsed since these places
were desert places, and this people were deso-
lated, bankrupted, utterly impoverished, with a
destruction of property amouuting to nearly, or
quite, three billion dollars, and answer me, if
those who would make you believe that the
South is one continued scene of murder and
rapine, that there u the dance of blood" is
nightly held, are not false witnesses. Yet, not-
withstanding all this, notwithstanding the pro-
testations and proof of our best men, you arc
told that evils exist beyond the power of the
State governments to control, and are called
upon to grant to the President still more extra-
ordinary power than those now vested in him
by law. Sir, what States have failed to con-
trol the evils existing in their borders? In
whose hands are these State Governments?
In the hands of the Democrats ? In the hands
of late rebels? No, sir. The truth being that
they are in the hands of the Republican party,
whose chief authorities bear testimony against
the allegations made against them and this
people.
The Governor of North Carolina, before
himself demoralized, says:
" These persons have been sorely punished for tbeir
aots of rebellion. Even if disposed to thwart tho
action of the Federal or State (joverninents, they
are powerless to do so. They aro chafed by the re-
flection that their former slaves can hold office while
they are excluded, and this reflection magnified in
their minds iuto tho belief that tho national Gov-
ernment is disposed to pursue and punish them sim-
ply because they had taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States before they en-
gaged in rebellion, while the obligation to support
that instrument was equally binding upon all and
thousands upon thousands who never took that
oath, but who were as deeply and as bitterly immersed
in the rebellion as they were were not banned or ex-
cluded. The nation can afford to be magnanimous
after nine years of rebellion and strife and civil dis-
cord and social disruption and bitterness. A very
large majority of tho people of North Carolina long
for peace and harmony and good will and security
for life and property."
Note that he says a very large majority, and
he speaks then aud what is the truth now ?
Alabama—Governor Lindsay reports peace,
quiet, and the supremacy of law and order.
Georgia—To the same purport was Gov-
ernor Bullock's letter in the fall of 1870.
Mississippi—To the same effect was Gov-
ernor Alcorn's letter, recently read in this
House.
Tennessee—To the same effect are the offi-
cial messages and declarations of Governor
Senter.
42d Cong. 1st Skss.—No. 22.
Arkansas—Prom this State there is no com-
plaint, nor from
Texas—That the State authorities are inad-
equate to the duties before them.
Virginia—She stands unchallenged; but
alone from
South Carolina—Why this State? Is it be-
cause in having organized a negro militia, in
having disarmed the white man, in having
plundered and robbed him through odious,
unjust, and unequallaws—and yet her Senator
says there is peace within her borders—i3 it
because they have thus violated the common-
sense lessons to be found in a report of a dis-
tinguished officer of the United States Army,
who was then a representative'of the people,
the philosophy and truth of which exist, to-
day ? I read from the letter of him whom
success in the last war stamped as one of the
great captains of the age. i read from Gen-
eral Grant:
"I am satisfied the im.-a of thinking men of the
South accept the prcsoiitMUiation of attains ill good
faith. Thequestionswhich huvo hitherto divided tho
sontimonts of tho pooplo of tho two sections, shivery
and Statu rights, or the right of a Stale to soeedo
from the Union, thoy regard aa having boon settled
iorever by tho hit-best tribunal, of arms, that mini
can rosort to, 1 was pleased to learn from tho load-
ing men whom I mot that tlicy not only accepted
tho decision arrived at ns final, but now that tho
smoke of battlo has cleared away and tunc lias boon
Kivcn lor reflection, that this decision has boon a
lortuilato one for tho wholo country, thoy receiving
the like bonefits from it with those who opposed them
in tho field unci in the council, four years of war,
during which tho law was executed only at tho point
of tho bayonet throughout, the States in rebellion,
have lolt tho peoplo possibly in that condition not
to yield that ready obedience to civil authority tho
American pooplo havo gonofally boon in tho habit
of yielding." * * * + * * *
"Tho good of tho country requires that a forco bo
kept in tho iatorior whero thero arc many freed men.
Elsewhere in the southern States than lit forts on
tho sea coast 110 forco is necessary. Tho soldiers
should all bo whito troops. Tho reasons torthis aro
obvioua, without mentioning many of thom. Tho
prosonco of black troops, lately slaves, demoralizes
labor both by their advico and furnishing in their
camps a resort for tho frocdmcn for long distances
around. White troops generally excito no opposi-
tion, and thoreforo a smaller number of them can
maintain older in a given district. Colored troops
must bo kept in bodies sutlicient to defend them-
selves. It is not the thinking man who would do
violence toward any class ol ti oops sent among thom
by the General Uovcrnniont,, but tho ignorant in
some places might; and the late slave, too, who
might bo imbued with the idea that tho property
of his lato masLor should by right belong to him, at
least should have 110 protection from tho colorod
soldier. There is no danger of a collision being
brought on by such causes.
"My observations load me to tho conclusion that
tho citizens ol tho southern States aro anxious to
return to solf-government within the Union aa soon
as possible; that whilo reconstructing they want
and roquiroprotection from tho Uovornmont; that,
they think, is required of tho Government, and is
not humiliating to them ascitizons; and if such a
course was pointed out thoy would pursuo it in good
faith. It is to bo regretted thorecannot boa greater
commingling at this time between tho citizens of the
two sections, and particularly of those intrusted
with the law-making power.
But, sir, understand me. I willingly pay
tribute to the loyalty of the negroes, as a mass,
to their masters, during the war; they were
faithful and true, and 1 believe, sir, it would
have been better for them, for you, for us, and
the great interests of the country, if political
trickery had not undertaken to manipulate
them, appealing to their vilest passions in order
to advance corrupt ends and purposes.
The whole country in the state of peace ; no
more disorder in the South than in the North ;
no more of murder, no more of arson, no more
of robbery, no more of larceny, no more of
outrages committed by persons in disguise;
yet this people, presenting all the physical
evidences that go to make up a peaceful, indus-
trious population, observant of law and order,
are to be stricken down, deprived of the due
administration of justice in the destruction
of their local and convenient tribunals, and
deprived of the great safeguards of personal
liberty. States aud Commonwealths are to be
destroyed for mere local disturbances or occa-
sional personal trespasses upon the complaint
of single individuals or upon the humor of
one man or the power of a cabal. All this,
in face of their earnest prayer for peace, their
earnest protestations and practical manifest-
ations of obedieuee to law and order.
" Oh 1 bloodiest picture in tho book of time
Sarmatia fell! unwept without a crime."
Shall another write this of my beloved South ?
May 1 not turn to the great commercial inter-
ests, to whose riches we so largely contribute,
to the great body of the agricultural and
mechanical laborers, whose burdens we share
and lighten, in the payment of the expenses
of the Government, to the noble and just, to
whom we lay bare our past lives and present
motives, the ptirit.yand sincerity of which make
us akin, to array themselves against measures
proposed which threaten so much of woe, not
only to us, but to tlieni.
What is the practical measure proposed, Mr.
Speaker? Let us turn for a moment to the
bill, in my humble judgment, it is violative
of the Constitution, is revolutionary in that it
strikes down local State governments and their
authorities, changes the form of government,
and consolidates the whole political power of
the Government, and is destructive of the
great principles of civil liberty at> attempted
to be secured by constitutional law.
It will bo noted that by tho first section
suits may be instituted without regard to
amount or character ol claim by any person
within the limits of the United States who con-
ceives that he has been deprived of any right,
privilege, or immunity secured him by the Con-
stitution of tlie United States, under color of
any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, cus-
tom, or usage of any Stale. That is to say,
that if apohcc officer of the city of Richmond
or New York should find a drunken negro or
whito man upon the streets with loaded pistol
flourishing it, &c.,and by virtue of any ordin-
ance, law, or usage, either of city or State, he
takes it away, the officer may be sued, because
tho right to bear arms is secured by the Con-
stitution, and such suit brought in distant aud
expensive tribunals. Other instances and illus-
trations might bo given showing that, beyond
tlie view of the invasion of the local rights of
the State, it is in its machinery and pro-
ceeding a denial to the defendant of his right
to justice without sole denial or delay. But,
sir, whilo theseetion eomesclothed in honeyed
phrases, is it not apparent that in tho motive
that dictated it and in the agents that are ex-
pected to use it petty annoyance is intended,
such annoyance as shall provoke violence !
To say the least of it, it is a strange, unusual,
and hitherto unknown proceeding, aud if
acted upon will be productive of expense and
annoyance withoutany compensation whatever.
In regard to the second section of the bill,
it is inquired, what rights, privileges, and im-
munities are meant. If father aud son agree
or combine together to punish a supposed or
actual trespasser by a simple assault and bat-
tery, is not this, under the bill, a violation of
the rights of tho person, and as such made a
felony? Was not the argument of the gentle-
man from Ohio to the effect that life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness were the rights
that it was the duty of Congress to protect?
If so, where is the limit of the power of Con-
gress over the life, liberty, and property of the
eitizens of the State? And, under the liberal
construction of the Constitution claimed by
that gentleman, are not all of the functions of
the States, in this regard, subordinated to the
discretion of Congress ?
The third section confers extraordinary
powers upon the President of the United
States in all cases " where insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combinations, or con-
spiracies shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws in any State as to deprive
any portion—what portion ? One or two or
three?—or class of the people of such State of
any of the rights, privileges, or immunities"
named in said bill. Again the question ia
asked, What right; to what extent ? And the
constituted authorities shall either be unable
