1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
ings as T understand it. I am a native of the
State of North Carolina, and all my ancestors
before me, from the time whereof the memory
ot man runneth not to the contrary, have been
natives of that State. All that I have, all that
1 hope for, is connected with the interests of
the southern' people, and especially the State
of North Carolina. Whatever of prejudice
may attach to that section of the country I
imbibed in my earliest infancy, and lam more
or less under the influence of that prejudice
now, as I am willing to admit. But, sir, there
are questions which with me have always over-
ridden any local prejudices, which have always
had a greater influence with me than anything
of a merely local nature.
Mr. President, the question before the Sen-
ate now is one that involves the peace of the
country as well as its material prosperity. It
is one as to which evsry person who lives in
the southern country and who has an interest
in the southern people must feel deeply and
keenly and must be extremely solicitous about.
The condition of things there was not brought
about entirely by our own people, though they
were the occasion of it. Perhaps in many
respects the condition is a natural one, per-
haps in most respects it is one that might have
been foreseen; but whether it could have been
in advance provided against is altogether a
different question.
The real question is whether the reconstruc-
tion policy of Congress, which was adopted
after the close of war and announced as neces-
sary to the future peace and security of this
nation, shall be carried into practical effect,
or whether it shall practically be nullified by
local violence. And, sir, what is that policy ?
It is embraced in the fourteenth amendment.
It is that the colored people who have been
recently emancipated shall be put upon apolit-
ical and civil equality with the white race, and
that they shall have the full enjoyment of all
the rights which appertain to American citizen-
ship and be protected in the enjoyment of those
rights by the laws of the country.
Mr. President, it is not wonderful that there
should be resistance in a community composed
as that is to any such policy as this. I knew
when it was adopted that it was not going to
be carried into practical effect without a strug-
gle. I knew when it was announced as a
necessity for the future peace and security of
the United States that the nation had upon its
hands, if it meant to do what it professed to
do, a task of no small magnitude. But, sir,
I confess that I did not suppose at that time
that it was likely to eventuate in what it now
appears to be likely to eventuate in.
If the Government of the United States
means to have the fourteenth amendment,
winch embraces, as I understand it, the whole
reconstruction policy in substance, practically
executed, the time has come when the Gov-
ernment must say so, or the Government must
remove the bone of contention and abandon
that policy in order that they may see what
those people will then do. I take it, from all
that I hear, from all that I see, and from all
the intimations that are thrown out around
me, that the Government of the United States
means to adhere to its policy and to put it
into practical operation. The question then
arises, how shall that be accomplished? What
will the Government do to accomplish it ?
There are two modes of proceeding. It may
undertake to give practical operation andeffect
to the laws and Constitution of the country
through the courts of the nation, as the State
governments first undertake to operate in
executing their laws, through their courts, or
it may resort to the military power to carry
into practical effect and operation its Constitu-
tion, its laws, and its policy. But in my judg-
ment, a resort to military power, that is, to
martial law, should be always avoided, if there
be any other means to accomplish the result
that the good and peace of the nation may
require to be accomplished.
A few days ago 1 appealed to the Senate in
a short address, in which I intimated that from
the present signs of the times, not only in my
section of the country, but in the capital and
in my intercourse with those who are high in
authority in this Government, I feared that if
eight months were suffered to elapse and the
present state of things go on it would become
infinitely worse, and by the time we assembled
here next December there would be upon us
such a state of things and such a development
of facts as to produce the conviction that no
mode of proceeding would be efficient short
of military power. I feared that the southern
States would be reterritorialized; and hence
I urged that there should be no adjournment
until there had been tried more moderate
measures, in order that there might be an
eight-months effort to prevent what I feared
would be upon our hands next December.
I know that the fear of martial law will
have a repressing effect upon the organizations
which, whatever may be paid to the contrary,
exist with a purpose to prevent the practical
execution of the fourteenth amendment and
of the reconstruction policy of Congress. I
believe that the fear of martial law hanging
over those communities would have a repress-
ing effect, and that it would be auxiliary in a
great degree to the efficiency of the operations
of the court, provided Congress now puts power
in the courts to act in the mean time with effi-
ciency and effect.
I shall not, in the course of the remarks
which I purpose to submit to the Senate, un-
dertake to refer in detail to the crimes and
outrages which are of so horrid a character,
and which have been proved to have occurred.
It is a most ungracious task to me even to
refer to them. They have been committed in
part by men whom I represent; but not by
the people of North Carolina, as I hear it
intimated and almost charged upon this floor.
No, sir; the people of North Carolina are not
the .criminals, and I defend them against the
charge. That is one of the main reasons why
I was glad to see the investigating committee
raised. Why, sir, the newspapers of the coun-
try teem with outrages of such a horrid char-
acter as to disgrace the communities in which
they occur. It is said that there has been
exaggeration as to these outrages. Perhaps
there has been. I will not speak of that now;
but it was enough that it was charged and
believed by the great body of the American
people that lawlessness and disorder and crime
went unpunished through the State in which
I reside, as well as many of the States south
of ns. The investigating committee has but
in part performed its duty, and to but a very
small extent have they done it for the want
of time; but, sir, they have shown enough to
exonerate the people of North Carolina from
any complicity in thisthing. They have shown
that these outrages are committed by organ-
izations. They have fixed the odium and
reproach where it properly belongs. If the
people of that State could have their voice
expressed, they would condemn them.
Mr. President, the position which I have
occupied in this body has made me the recipi-
ent continually for the last two years of letters
and information from those whom [ represent,
detailing a state of things constantly on the
increase, and so horrible and threatening as
to produce an effect on me that I cannot de-
scribe. Mail after mail, letter after Setter,
public print after public print, have borne to
me the same story.
Sir, I know the temper of the southern
people. I know what led to the rebellion. I
know what fanaticism induced that people to
contend until they were absolutely subjugated ;
before they would consent to any terms at all;
which mad, extreme contention brought deso-
lation and ruin, as every man now knows. I
know with what feelings they received the ab-
olition of slavery, the being deprived of their
property by the Government of the United
States. I know what impression was made
upon them by the recollections of a war which
they believed was an unholy one, and unjustly
waged against them, in which they lost their
sons and their brothers and their fathers, con-
tending for what most of them believed to be
right. I know with what feelings they received
the reconstruction policy of Congress. I do
not mean the whole people or even a majority
of the people, but I mean those who are con-
ducting this lawlessness now. Knowing that,
and knowing the insidious encouragement,
which was but a continuation of what had ex-
isted for the whole fifteen years of my polit-
ical life from another section of the country,
I could well judge what it was likely to culmin-
ate in when I was informed by letter after let-
ter of what was going on. I only wonder that
there is not now before the Senate a worse
condition of things than those who have spoken
most harshly here have represented it to be.
I mention this to show how my mind has
been fixed on the subject. Sir, the future is
still dark. There is no expedient other than
the positive and determined demonstration of
the Government of the United States that it
means to execute its policy against local vio-
lence, or the abandonment of the policy alto-
gether. That is the whole case.
Ba!, Mr. President, that is not all nor is it
one half of what a southern man, with all his
interests and all his associations and all his
hopes wrapped up in that section, must feel
when he looks at this question. There are
matters of local concern which should be most
seriously and anxiously considered by him.
In the first place, is the disgrace to the people
of the State. The combinations, Ku Klux or
whatever you may call them, which have com-
mitted these outrages have disgraced my State
in the eyes of the nation-, tiiey have shocked
and outraged humanity, and they have become
so extensive that the world looks on and adds
its reproach. It is a reproach not only to lis,
but to the Government of the country, to the
American name, and to American insiitutions.
But, sir, apart from this, another effect upon
the people of the State, upon that whole sec-
tion of the country, upon our material interests,
is worthy of very groat consideration. It has
driven capital and enterprise from us ; it has
prevented immigration ; it has kept us in the
condition of desolation and ruin and poverty
to which we were reduced by the prolonga-
tion of a hopeless and insane struggle to the
point of absolute subjugation. It has done
more than that. It has made men feel inse-
cure, indisposed to labor, uncertain that the
fruits of their labor can be enjoyed by them-
selves and preserved for their children. It has
paralyzed every energy that, put into opera-
tion, would go to make up the common wealth
of the country and to add to its prosperity and
happiness.
But, sir, there is another thing which may
not strike Senators so forcibly, but it strikes
us, which has been in part realized, but not to
any very great extent, and yet it is most threat-
ening in iis chaiacter. I have reference to
retaliation. It has been said that the colored
people in the southern States behaved remark-
ably well during the war, that they stayed upon
the plantations and labored for the support of
the southern armies, and there were no insur-
rections, there was no murdering of women and
children, there were none of those horrors
wluch many anticipated. They behaved them-
selves. I bear testimony to it here as I have
everywhere. They behaved better than any-
body else on either side, and very much better.
