1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over.
order of business.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the proposed amendment of the Sen-
ator from Khode Island to the restrictive
rule.
Mr. HILL. I inquire whether there will be
any opportunity after that to introduce a res-
olution. or whether we have dispensed with
the morning hour entirelv?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has not been dispensed with. TheX)hair
called lor Senate resolutions ; there were none
received at that time, and .afterward the Sen-
ator from Kentucky offered one, which was
laid over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Are resolutions from States
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were in
order un^er the head of petitions.
Mr. SUMNER. Shall 1 have the honor of
presenting some from Massachusetts at this
time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Petitions have
been called ; and the Senate is now consider-
ing the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
any morning business that does not cffeate
debate.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair some
resolutions from the State of Massachusetts,
which I ask to have read, printed, and laid on
the table.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
In the year 1871.
Resolutions iu favor of the ship-builders of the
United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, That wq re-
spectfully but urgently request the Congress of the
Unite}! States to give immediate relief to the ship-
building intcrestof thecountry, by passingsuch laws
as, in the words of PresidentGrant'sIastannual mes-
sage, " will secure American shipping on the high seas
and American ship-building at home "
Resolved, That the Legislature of Massachusetts
are opposed to sending millions of dollars out of the
country to purchase ships built by foreign artisans,
to be sailed under the American flag, while ships
can be built in theUnited States by our own citizens,
? nd mainly of American materials, provided an
amount equal to the duties on iron and other mate-
lials used in the construction of said ships is granted
to the builders by an act of Congress.
Resolved, That we gladly acknowledge the great
assistance rendered by our mercantile marine to our
gallant Navy in making the blockade of our south-
ern eon«t effective during the late civil war, and
warding foreign recognition of the southern confed-
eracy; and also its invaluable service in bringing to
a successful termination the maritime war between
the United States and England in 1812; thus clearly
illustrating the importance of a mercantile marine,
built by American citizens and navigated by Amer-
ican seamen, as a means of national dofen«e.
Resolved, That the closing up of our ship-yards
and marine engine shops, for want of encourage-
ment, and the great length of time it would take to
reorganize and equip them in case of war, together
with the fact that our ship-building talent is fast
disappearing for want of employment, are considei -
ations which furnish just cause of alarm.
Resolved, That the policy of Great Britain, our
great naval and commercial rival, m omitting to
tax the materials which enter into the construction
of ships, and tho fact also that she has built in pri-
vate yards four fifths of the iron ships now in her
navy, should suggest to the Government of theUni-
ted States the great economy and advantage of
adopting by appropriate legislation a similar policy
in this country, in order to sustain at the least pos-
sible cost to the national Treasury an efficient aux-
iliary to the Navy, and to augment the national
wealth by developing a branch of industry which
fill maritime nations have found it necessary to
foster.
Resolved, Thai the people of Massachusetts will
rejuice in the return of the day when our commerce
f-ball again prosper on every sea and when the flag
of our commercial marine shall again lead the world.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent
to each member of Congress from this State.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed,
and lie ou the table.
4Ir. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a resolution which has been passed by
the Legislature of the State of Kansas, in which
they represent that as early as 1862, under
orders which were received there from Hon.
James H. Lane, who was appointed a recruit-
ing commissioner for the district of Kansas, a
large number of colored soldiers were recruited,
but the Government did not accept them for
some time, and both the officers and men were
sustained without rations from the Govern-
ment; and, as the Legislature think, the Gov-
ernment of the United States should pay the
expenses of these men from the time they were
recruited up to the date of theirbeing mustered
into the service. This memorial represents
that that pay is due from the Government of
the United States to those soldiers and officers
from the time they were recruited up to the
time they were mustered in. I move that the
resolution be printed, and laid on the table
fo  the present.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That David Eultz, of Staunton, Virginia,
be allowed to withdraw from the files of tho Senate
his memorial and accompanying papers.
SURVEY Of ETOWAII 1UVBK.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous
consent of the Senate for the introduction and
adoption of the resolution I had the honor to
present yesterday. I understand that there
will be no objection made to it. I ask for the
reading of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia asks unanimous consent for the intro-
duction and adoption of the resolution sub-
mitted by him yesterday, to which there was
then objection. It will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
JResolved, That the Secretary of War bo, and ho is
hereby, requested to cause the engineer department
of the United States to extend the survey of the
Etowah river (already ordered) so as to embrace
estimates for a canal connecting said river with the
Ocmulgee river, with a view to opening a direct and
unobstructed water communication between the
waters of the Mississippi river and tho Atlantic
ocean, and to report to the Senate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. HILL. I will remark to the Senate that
I hold in my hand the act of March 3, 1871,
making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works
on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes,
and in that act occurs the following passage:
"For a survey beginning at or near Guntersvillc,
on the Tennessee river, to the head-waters of tho
Warrior and Coosa rivers, in Alabama, with the
view of determining the practicability of uniting
the waters of the Tennessee river with the waters of
the Warrior or 6oosa river for the purposes of navi-
gation, and estimates for necessary locks and dams
to extend tho navigation on said river to the last-
named place; for examination and survey of tho
Etowah river, from its mouth up to Cartersville,
Georgia."
The object of the resolution is to extend
it from Cartersville, Georgia, on the Etowah
river to the Ocmulgee river, where the canal
is proposed. It makes no appropriation of
any public money or of anything else, but au-
thorizes the surveyors to continue the work to
that point. I ask consent of the Senate for its
adoption. This is considered a work of very
great importance, not only to Tennesseeans,
but to Alabamians and Georgians.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none. The question
is on the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORTON. I ask leave, without having
given previous notice, to introduce a bill, that
it may be read, laid on the table, and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
refused to grant leave to introduce bills, even
to be laid on the table ; but the Chair will pro-
pound the request to the Senate, of course.
The Senator from Indiana asks unanimous
consent, without previous notice, to introduce
a bill, to be laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. Does it relate to the sub-
ject of the Ku Klux?
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be
reported.
Mr. MORTON. I only want it printed.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the proposed
bill as follows:
^ A bill to encourage immigration to tho United
States, to regulate the carriage of European immi-
grant passengers in steamships and other vessels,
and for their better protection before, upon, and
after arriving at the ports of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would the granting of
unanimous consent to the introduction of a
bill in this way supersede the rule as to its
being acted upon afterwards?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not;
but a number of Senators desire to introduce
bills to be laid on the table, and of course the
precedent will be followed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I have no objec-
tion, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from.
California objects.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I desire 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia andanumberof qtherSenators
intimated to the Chair that they desired to
introduce bills, but the objection of the Sen-
ator from California is to any relaxation of the
rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do that so as not to
seem invidious iu objecting to any particular
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understood, and other Senators have pre-
viously said the same thing.
business of tub session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendment of Mr. Anthokx to the restrictive
rule.
The amendment was, at the end of the reso-
lution prescribing the legislative business of
the Senate during the present session of Con-
gress, to insert the following:
And any bill that may be sent to the Senate from
the House of Representatives on the same subject.
So that the resolution will read :
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at tho
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent
resolution for a joint committee of investigation
into the condition of the States lately in insurrec-
tion, and the resolution now pending, instructing
the Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill or
bills thnt will enable the President and the courts
of the United States to execute the laws in said
States, and the report that may be made by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on that subject, and any bill
that may be sent to the Senate from the House of
Representatives on the same subject.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Thcrmas, to add:
After the same shall have been referred to a com-
mittee and leportcd upon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I desire to say a few words on the proposition
now before the Senate, and I will premise my
remarks by reading a short extract from the
speech made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
There is no man who can deny but what there
are a great many disorders committed in the
southern States, in violation of the laws of the
States mostly, a.nd sometimes in violation of
the laws of Congress.
We all remember the speech, the fervid and
able speech, made by my honorable frieud from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] A stranger, who had
not read the evidence that had .been taken by
the committee that was charged with the in-
vestigation of the general subject, would have
listened with horror to hisspeech. A stranger
would have thought from the speech of the hon-
orable Senator that these outrages were perpe-
