1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
any fair means could have been induced to
turn their backs upon a measure that was to
secure to them their rights and their liberties?
They were of necessity naturally, I suppose
any man will say properly, in accordance with
every dictate of human nature and everything
that might be expected of man, in favor of the
reconstruction policy of Congress. It was ap-
parent to all that the colored vote would be a
unit. Was it proper to make the white vote a
unit on the other side?
That was the practical question. Men arose
and said it should be so. I did not think so.
I did not think so for various reasons. The
white vote was a unit upon the other side! It
was in majority in my State of from sixty to
seventy thousand. Should the whole white pop-
ulation oppose a measure when we knew that
the colored people were for it with the Gov-
ernment of the United States to back them ?
Could that seem good policy to a man who
loved his State, who loved its peace, and who
desired its prosperity in the future? I have
no complaint of men who took other views ;
but I submit to every candid man, was it not
the part of a patriot, of a sensible man, of oue
who took a common-sense view, and not a mad,
frenzied, partisan, sectional view of the situ-
ation, was it not the true policy for parties to
be divided upon some other line than that of
color alone?
I might take a broader view. If a man felt
any love for his country at large, if he felt
anything for the peace and prosperity of the
nation, if he loved the flag of his country, he
must have deprecated the drawing of party
lines upon the distinction of color. Suppose
there had been the line of color drawn between
the parties, does anyone doubt the condition
of things that would have resulted? There
would have been the white men arrayed on
one side against the rights of the colored man
and the colored men arrayed on the other side
with the United States to back them. There
would have been a majority of the voters of
North Carolina against the reconstruction
policy of Congress.
Every man who knew the temper, the rais
ing, and the prejudices of that people must
have seen that there was danger in the contest
that, was about to be waged to put into prae
tical operation these measures. No man could
have been considered a false or a frenzied
prophet had he predicted the very violence
that has already occurred ; had he predicted
that there would be an interference of the
United States Government to carry out its
laws, to carry out a clause of its Constitution.
If there had been this line drawn between the
whites and the blacks, I ask what would have
been the condition, or, if it were drawn now,
what would now be the condition, of the south
ern States in case of the interference by the
military force of the United States to enforce
the fourteenth amendment ?
Mr. President, I can hardly talk about this
matter as earnestly as I feel. Think of the
armies of the United States sent down to en-
force the laws of the country and to carry out
its Constitution, with all the black men on one
side, and the Army aiding them and support-
ing them in their rights, they believing that
there was an effort being made by the white
people to reduce them to slavery! Can any
man doubt the scenes that mast necessarily
follow ? Why, sir, the occurrences of the rebel-
lion would tame down into mere insignificance
in comparison to what we should witness in
every neighborhood, in every household in all
that southern country. It was to avoid this in
the future, as well as from a sense of the innate
right and justice of the reconstruction acts in
their great liberty features, that a large num-
ber of the most intelligent and highly respect-
able white men of North Carolina went into a
movement M orgaaize a .Republican party and
to undertake to carry out in good faith the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
Sir, the battle was pitched, with the colored
men and some thirty odd thousand white men
on one side, and the large body of the white
men on the other; and we then went deliber-
ately into the contest. It is not ended yet, and
it is not likely to be ended soon. Those who
have been waging a contest against the four-
teenth amendmentand its execution stand upon
the one side. They are Democrats. Those
who wish it carried out, or whether they wish
it or not are laboring in good faith, in accord-
ance with the will of the Government, to put
it into practical effect, are upon the other side,
and they are Republicans.
But, sir, Congress only up to this time had
said the fourteenth amendment should be en-
forced. It was only Congress that had said so.
The year 1868 arrived when there was to be a
presidential election, and an appeal to the peo-
ple of the country to say whetherthey indorsed
that policy of Congress, whetherthe great Amer-
ican people meant to carry out in good faith
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
and of the reconstruction policy, or whether
armies should be sent down at the point of
the bayonet to undo what armies had done,
and to " disperse the carpet-bag govern-
ments." That was the question submitted.
The Democratic party placed itself upon the
platform of violence as we understood it.
They put their candidates in the field pledged
that the Army should go down and by violence
disperse the carpet bag-governments and
undo what had been done up to that time.
You may be sure, sir, that when the great
Democratic party of the North planted itself
upon that platform and appealed to the people
there was some encouragement given to those
who were opposed to the policy of the govern-
ments at the South. You may call them
rebels, you may call them by what name you
please, the opponents of the reconstruction
measures, and the opponents of the acceptance
of the terms which had been proposed by this
nation to us as a subjugated people, were
encouraged to an extent that every Senator
can very well appreciate by the fact that the
great Democratic party of the nation had
planted themselves upon a platform which
announced that they were to be overturned and
not carried out, that there was to be a disper-
sion by the Army. I should have regretted to
have seen, as a consequence, the success of
the Democracy in the struggle of 18G8, the
sending down of armies for any such purpose.
Then should I have seen the colored people
in the southern States, not laboring to support
those who were to rivet the chains of slavery
upon them, but I should have seen them rising
up in every locality and asserting their rights
by violence, by force—I fear, sir, by crimes at
the very contemplation of which the human
heart stands appalled.
If there was a lover of the South who could
take a calm and not a partisan and frenzied
view of the subject, he must have seen in very
proposition further ruin, further desolation,
further bloodshed from the execution of the
proposition contained in the platform of that
party. Every Republican found in that con-
test the same old appliances—denunciation,
abuse, slander, villification, social and busi-
ness proscription, the assertion that he was a
traitor to his section—the same old appliances,
coupled with an assurance that the great De-
mocracy of the North were standing at the
back of the opponents of the reconstruction
policy; and a comparison was drawn between
southern men and northern Democrats of a
most invidious character to those who sup-
ported what they believed to be right and
proper. I saw it then as I had seen it before,
and as I see it now. It is the same old tale,
the same old appliance,
But, sir, the presidential election resulted
not in the election of Democratic candidates,
but in the triumph of the Republican party,
and in the indorsement of the reconstruction
policy. The nation in its might at the ballot-
bos spoke. They spoke to me ; they spoke to
every southern man ; they spoke to the negro.
The nation said, that article in our Constitu-
tion shall stand; the clause which says that
Congress may enforce it by any legislation
which it may deem appropriate—and what is
appropriate depends upon any exigency that
those who resist it may raise—shall stand.
That was the decision of the American people.
I did whatever I could to aid in getting such a
decision, because i knew that whatever of
wrong, whatever of mistake, whatever of bad
policy there was originally in the reconstruc-
tion acts, they bad already been enforced to a
point when to go back was ruin to my section,
was bloodshed and disaster. To go back
then was something that no man who loved
his country and resided in a southern State
could, in my judgment, have thought of other-
wise than with horror. I mean no imputation
upon men who thought otherwise. Many men
are, unconsciously sometimes, and sometimes
consciously, influenced against right and rea-
son by their party feelings, and more still by
their sectional feelings, and more still by sec-
tional feelings lashed into fury and fire by a
training of fifteen years uuder skillful leaders
and by the terrible events of an unfortunate
and unsuccessful war. I do not desire to see
that aroused again.
Now, Mr. President, I come more particu-
larly to the question at issue. Was it won-
derful that people who were thus under sec-
tional and party prejudice, who believed, as
the Senator from Kentucky yesterday said,
that they had been badly treated and outraged
by the Government of the United States, who
had been assured of the support of a large
party in the North—was it wonderful that they
should have undertaken to substitute local vio-
lence in the place of the violence that was
threatened on a larger .and a national scale
by tbe platform of the party which they bad
supported in the presidential contest? The
Ku Klux organization in the South grew out
of this contest, and that is at the bottom of the
whole of it. Those men have undertaken to
do with the scourge, the halter, and the dag-
ger what they understood their party to pro-
pose to do with the bayonet; and they have
believed that they were sustained by their
party in doing so, North and South.
lhat is the secret of this whole affair. The
question that is now upon this nation is,
whether it will permit local violence to be
substituted in tbe place of the Constitution
and laws of this country? And if the nation
does not mean to prevent it, if the nation does
not mean to have the amendment enforced, in
common humanity I want the nation to say
so. Do not deceive the colored men longer.
Do not longer deceive those white men who
have been standing up to the Government and
standing up to the rights of all American cit-
izens as declared in the fourteenth amend-
ment. Bat, sir, if the Government of the
United States means to abandon its policy, is
ought to look well to the consequences that
must follow. I shall not go into them. 1 am
not arguing that question; but 1 warn Sen-
ators that they may look well to the conse-
quences that are to come.
If the Democrats do not mean to nullify the
fourteenth amendment, if they do not mean in
good faith to oppose the political and civil ele-
vation of the colored race to equal rights with
the whites, if they do not believe they have the
power to do it, I would appeal to them not to
urge forward southern men to ruin and destruc-
tion by holding out any such hopes. What do
they propose? Who of tUe North in good
