106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI
[March 31,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
faith wil. tell me that, they mean practically to
annul, to prevent being put into operation,
the fourteenth amendment and the reconstruc-
tion policy of Congress? If they do, I should
like to know how it is to be done. If this con-
test is to be waged to the sacrifice of the peace
and the prosperity and the security of the coun-
try, I wish to know upon what ground there is
a reasonable hope of the success of such a
contest. If I can be assured that there is rea-
sonable hope, and that in the hour of danger,
■when it is man to man and life for life, they
are to stand manfully by and give support,
then I will say that it is possible that they
have good faith in all they are doing, and
that there is some reason why southern men
should by violence carry on the contest in the
manner they are doing.
But, sir, if there be no such hope, and if
forcible support is not pledged, I must pro-
nounce it madness, I must pronounce it unfair,
cruel, that it should be longer held out to a
people that have already suffered so much. I
must protest against my section and my peo-
ple being longer made the mere foot-ball of
party. In this I know no party, I care for no
party, I know no interest, 1 know no measure,
i want peace and security and law and order.
I want enterprise and capital and prosperity
for the South. I want liberty and jusiice where
I reside and for the people whom I represent.
Why, sir, parties are nothing; men are noth-
ing. I would sink everything I have and every-
thing I hope for, politically or otherwise, to
insure the future peace and security of my
country.
But, sir, what is proposed ? If the fourteenth
amendment is not to be executed, what is to
be the condition of the colored people in the
southern States? It they are not to have equal
rights with white men, if they are not to be
secure from outrage and wrong, from scourg-
ing and murder and assassination in the exer-
cise of their rights, what is to become of them?
It is idle to say that a man has a right on the
statute book or in the Constitution if he dare
not exercise it. It is deception to boast that
America has freed her slaves if she denies to
them the enjoyment of that freedom. It is an
empty boast that you have struck the shackles
from lour millions of people if worse shackles
are thereby put upon them. Do not say that
you have freed them, for freedom may be a
very different thing 111 one section from what
it is in another. No, sir; it will amount to
this, that you have not freed the slaves of the
South; you have taken them from under the
protecting hand of interested masters and
made them the victims of every villain and
ruffian that chooses to outrage them.
There may bea lingering hope ; I have heard
it. I know what was supposed, at the close of
the war, before Congress and the nation had
spoken on the subject, was likely to be the
condition of the colored people atter emanci-
pation. It was supposed that they were igno-
rant, and very truiy supposed so; that they
weie hardly capable of self government,. It
was supposed then that they might be parceled
out among the land-owners and former slave-
owners of the country in something of the pro-
portion of the slaves lost by them respectively.
1 believe that all the slaveholders of the South
have lists of the slaves they lost. It was sup-
posed that these freedmen might, at some time,
be apportioned out and made appendages to
the plantations. I do not mean that the same
slaves that a man once owned were expected
to be returned to him. What I have sug-
gested as being contemplated at one time might
now be done by the application of force. Is
it proposed to do it? If they were made attach-
ments to the various plantations and divided
up by police regulations, under which they
would not be allowed to go from one planta-
tion to utiother or tolft toltSfetiiigs, there ivould
be no trouble in controlling them. They could
be controlled as well and even by the same
means as when they were controlled as slaves.
Is that proposed? If not that, then what is
proposed? They have now become an ele-
ment that must be considered, if for nothing
else, from the fact that in certain events they
may become dangerous and destructive.
1 understood the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] to give a slight intimation of
what was proposed by his party; I do not
know whether he spoke by authority of his
party, but his declaration rang upon my ears,
and I read it afterward. He said, "Why not
leave these colored men free to go back under
the control of their natural leaders who have
been kind to them?" I may not use his exact
language, but that is the substance of his
remark. Is that a plank in the Democratic
platform? Is that what we are to understand
as being the object of all this? Is that to be
the issue in 1872? If it is, let us know it.
"Left free to go back." What does "go
back" mean? It may have to some ears a
most unpleasant ring of old slavery. " Go
back under the control." What sort of con-
trol? They were " under the control of their
natural leaders" before the war. 1 will not
believe that the Senator means that. But
what sort of control does he mean? I will be
liberal enough to believe that he means only
political control. The context would seem to
point to that as his meaning; but I do not
like the expression " go back." But he says
" leave them free." That is the saving clause.
But, sir, "free to go back." The Ku Klux
will show with what freedom they exercise the
right " to go back under the control of their
natural leaders."
Do you imagine that any freedman having
tasted the sweets of liberty would go back
under the control of anybody, political or
otherwise, if he had the exercise of the rights
of a freeman in making his choice ? " Free to
go back." Sir, they are free to go back now.
Who keeps them from it ? Is there any southern
man who will drive a colored man from his
plantation if he proposes to go there and work
for nothing, or small wages, and behave him-
self? Suppose a colored man goes to a plant-
ation anywhere in the South and says to the
owner, " I wish to go back ; I want to be under
your control;" do you suppose he is going to be
kicked off the plantation? He is free to go
back now ; but he does not choose to go back,
nor will he submit to go back as long as he has
a hope of preventing it.
But, Mr. President, allow me to examine
this proposition, as I understand it to be the
main point in the Democratic platform, a little
further. " Go back under the control of their
natural leaders;" and pray, who are their
" natural leaders?" 1 do not propose to refer
to them as those men in the main who led the
South country into rebellion, and for whose un-
wise, not to say wicked, act in that regard we
have suffered all the calamities that have fol-
lowed—the bloodshed, the ruin, the poverty,
the disaster, the commotion. Who are "the
naturalleaders," that they should have control
now, not only of the persons of those who were
formerly their slaves, but the votes of their
former slaves? "Let them go back under the
control of their natural leaders," and I im-
agine those "naturalleaders" will not quarrel
with the fifteenth amendment. The land own-
ers and old slave-owners of the South will not
quarrel with the fifteenth amendment if in the
place ot casting one vote, as they formerly did,
they can march their hundred colored men
whom they have under their control to the bal-
lot box and cast one hundred votes. But who
arethe "naturalleaders," and I ask what have
they done for the material prosperity and glory
• of that southern country for the last "fifty years?
LocilS: at 01ii5, Illinois; Ittdiatid j look at tlie
North, all over it, and see the glory and mate-
rial wealth that have been achieved there. See
in this time how new States.have sprung up
out of the wilderness. And is there any mail
who loves the South but feels, if not ashamed,
at least mortified at the contrast? What have
we got of railroads, of manufactures, of school-
houses, of churches, of cities, of commerce?
These "natural leaders" had wealth; they
had intelligence; they had education; they
had the benefit of the labor of these very men
whom it is now proposed to put back under
their control; they had political power, fall
swing and sway; even upon the floor of the
American Senate they wielded the scepter with
a strong hand ; and what did they do for North
Carolina? Let the condition of North Carolina
in 1800 tell what they had done up to that time.
1 will not turn to the darker picture and point
to our condition now. The proposition is
nothing less than to put labor under the con-
trol of capital.
Who are the laboring men of the South?
Have they not an interest in the common
welfare? Have they not an interest in the
country? They were born there; they were
brought up there ; they are attached to the
soil. Whatever is to the advantage of that sec-
tion is for their advantage. They are the bone
and sinew of the country. It is labor upon
which our institutions must rest. It is not
upon capital and upon political management
that we can rely for the glory or the safety of
this great nation. 1 would not put labor under
the control of capital anywhere. If disaster
should come, how would it be? "Those who
owned wealth could fly to another place more
congenial or more safe for them to live ; but
the laboring men of the South, white or col-
ored, cannot flee. We have white laboring
men there as well as colored ; the great bulk
of the population were not slave-owners; the
great bulk of the white men of that population
are not land-owners beyond just enough Hud
to attend with their own hands or with the aid
of their wives and children.
They must stand and take whatever comes.
If war, if bloodshed, if murder, if Ku Klux
outrage, if lawlessness and disaster and rapine
come, they with their wives and little ones
must stand by their cabins and suffer all the
consequences, while the "natural leaders" can
flee and seek asylums elsewhere. Sir, are they
to be put under the control of " natural lead-
ers," to be bandied about as a mere foot ball
of ambition and party? If that be the propo-
sition, I protest against it.
Before the war there was not a unity of
interest betweeu the slave-owners and what
were called the poorer whites of the South ;
but there was power enough in the upper
classes to keep down the poor whites—some-
times by denunciation and abuse, sometimes
by influence, by money, by taking advantage
of their necessities.
And now, sir, what is the proposition? Take
the three classes, the colored men, the labor-
ing white men, and the capitalists or the land-
owners of the South, and what is the proposi-
tion? It is to let the colored men "go back
under the control of their natural leaders."
But what becomes of the laboring white men?
Formerly many of them voted with the old
Whig leaders, who were opposed to sectional-
ism. They did keep up something ot'a contest,
though unsuccessful, because these " natural
leaders" then had only one vote each. They
could not vote their slaves however much they
might have used the product of the labor of
their slaves to influence the elections. But
now it is proposed to put the colored men
who were formerly slaves under the control
of the "natural leaders," so that when they
come to the ballot box each may bring from
his plantation its human stock to vote down
tW ldbbi'ihf hite theft of tfte Sbuth,
