344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
trated wholly by one party, by rebels that had
been in the service of secession, exclusively
upon Union men and largely uoon defenseless
negroes. He never uave dreamed that
the same d'sclo-lt^-es and evidence of which my
honorable friend was speaking contained a
narrative of the outrages of such wretches as
Holden and Kirk and Bergen.
My honorable friend refrained from any de-
nunciation, any condemnation of those mis-
creants ; and yet when the honorable Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] took occasion
to present the expose made by the evidence
on the other side, it appeared that there were
such wrong and outrages perpetrated by those
three men as have rarely occurred in the Uni-
ted States. Think of a Governor of a State
employing in its military service such tools
and miscreants as Kirk and Bergen, and they
seizing peaceable, quiet, inoffensive citizens,
and hanging them up by the neck and tortur-
ing them until life was almost extinct, and
scourging them, and repeating that process!
And with that tale of outrages and horror veri-
fied by witnesses, upon oath before the Senator
from Ohio, he, in making his disclosures of
the wrongs and outrages committed in North
Carolina and of the condition of society in
the State of North Carolina, did not take any
notice of them !
Why, Mr. President, it was proposed as an
amendment to one of these resolutions that
the committee, as it proceeded to take evi-
dence, should give its "results" to the coun-
try for publication in the newspapers. The
honorable Senator from Ohio gave the "re-
sults" of the investigation that had taken
place in one of our committee rooms; and is
a wandering, itinerant committee that may be
raised and charged with this subject to be
authorized by a vote of the Senate of the
United States to make publications of such
results as the honorable Senator from Ohio
arrived at in the s eeeh which he made upon
the whole of the evidence that had been taken
by this committee of the Senate? No, Mr.
President.
The Radical party in periods of every two
years gets into a great spasm in Congress.
The State elections for the year are about
coming off, and as one of their grand move-
ments in the general campaign, to use a west-
ern phrase, they get up a hullabaloo in both
Houses of Congress about the condition of the
southern States and the outrages there upon
the loyal whites and upon negroes; and that
is about the chief staple of their electioneering
capital. We are now witnessing in the Senate
of the United States the periodical outbreak
of this spasm that is raging in the Radical
party in Congress. Now, Mr. President, I
proceed to read one or two extracts—they
shall be short—from the speech of my honor-
able friend Iroru Ohio :
" When I say that such bands exist in Virginia"—
This was after the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Lewis] had denied that any such bands
or organizations or outrages existed in Vir-
ginia, and after his colleague [Mr. Johnston]
had made a similar statement. Air. Lewis
had said:
"I wish to make that correction here in the Senate
boc.iuouot ii unsreporcof remarks made by me else-
whure, '
Then the Senator from Ohio proceeded :
. "Mr. Siiekman. When I say that such bands exist
m \ lrgini.i, it will bo tunc enough to correct me. I
intend that every statement I make this day shall be
absolutely and strictly true. I said eleven States:
and m Kentucky thetois astate of horror uaequalcd
niino^i by any of the late rebel States/'
The honorable Senator proceeded with his
it-marks and had various papers and docu-
ments read, among them an extract from the
Louisville Courier Journal, and charges made
by the circuit judges in the State of Kentucky.
As introductory to the reading of the charge
of Judge Pryor, the honorable Senator said:
"As another evidence of the condition of society
in Kentucky, and to place if on testimony that is so
clear that my friends from Kentucky will see that I
have not gathered up shrods of testimony,I wish to
have read the charge of Judge Pryor to a grand j ury
in that State. I am assured that J udge Pryor is not
only a Democrat, but is conceded to be one of the
ablest judges of the State of Kentucky/'
That is all true. He is an able man. He
was a candidate for the office of judge during
the war. He was a Union man. He was
against secession and secessionists, but he did
not subscribe to the dictates of the military
power in the State; and what was the conse-
quenceof his great dereliction in that respect?
The military authorities of Kentucky, headed
by such a man as General Palmer, had his
name striken from the poll and would not per-
mit him to run as a candidate for the office of
judge ; yea, more than that, they made sush
demonstrations against him as to force him,
I believe, to fly from his State and hfs coun-
try into her Majesty's dominions in Canada.
When the storm of war had blown over, and
there was a little security and liberty in the
State, my friend, Judge Pryor, returned and
was elected by acclamation of the people of
his district, with little or no opposition. That
is a specimen of the outrage and military tyr-
anny of this country toward an able and peace-
ful and loyal citizen of the United States who
gave the charge to the grand jury in one of his
courts which the honorable Senator caused to
be read. After it had been read the honor-
able Senator continued:
" Now, Mr. President, take the statement made
by the Louisville Courier-Journal and the statement
made by Judge Prvor in connection, and I will ask
whether oven m Kentucky there is not a stato of
society that is unrivaled anywhere elso.and whother
this is not proof conclusive of it?"
That is tho distinct and emphatic position
of my honorable friend in relation to the con-
dition of things in Kentucky. Mr. President,
I am a Kentuckian by birth. I profess to
understand and to represent the political opin-
ions and sentiments and tho moral sentiments
of my people generally on this floor. The uni-
versal, at least the general sentiment 111 the
State of Kentucky is, and always has been,
"the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce-
ment of the laws''—law, order, and liberty.
There are no people of any State in this Union
who are more deeply and widely imbued with
those noble sentiments than are the people of
Kentucky.
Sir, the people of Kentucky have had pecu-
liar wrong and aggravation done to them by
the Government of the United States and by
the Congress of the United States. In 1860
there were 225,483 slaves in the State of Ken-
tucky. I may say in passing that I was a slave-
holder myself. The war came on, without
cause, originating in a wicked, selfish ambi
tion. There was great resistance to the legit-
imate and constitutional power of the Govern-
ment at the beginning of that war. The able
and sagacious man who was then in the pres-
idential chair saw the dangers of the coming
storm, and his noble and patriotic object was
to gather all the strength he could on the part
of the Government to resist its impending
force. He issued his proclamation. His Sec-
retary of State, Mr. Seward, sent his letters of
instruction to our embassadors at the Court of
Paris and at the Court of St. James. What
was their proclamation ' What was the posi-
tion of constitutional law and justice and
policy upon which they planted themselves?
It was this : the war on the part of the United
States is waged simply to put down rebellion,
unauthorized resistance to the Constitution,
laws, and authorities of the United States ; so
soon as that is done the war will cease; the
States and their governments, and their insti-
tutions and things generally will be restored as
they were before the war. Yea, sir, two or
three days after the battle of Bull Run, what
was called the Crittenden resolution was in-
troduced, and these pledges were there made
again in the most solemn form, and received
the almost unanimous vote of both Houses
of Congress, including that of my friend, the
Senator from the State of Ohio.
I was an interested observer of the course
of events in the origin of this difficulty in Ken-
tucky, and I here avow to the Senate that until
the policy of Congress in relation to the libera-
tion of the slaves was demonstrated by the
introduction of a bill into the Senate for the
purpose of liberating the slaves in the District
of Columbia I never heard a solitary voice in
the State of Kentucky in favor of secession.
Afterward there grew up a great and powerful
party in that State in favor of secession. That
party was originated by the perfidy of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to the people of
Kentucky, and by the violation of its plighted
faith fb that State and to the country in relation
to the principles upon which the war should
be carried on and concluded.
Sir, that was not all. Our Governor, Rob-
inson, with a former Senator from that State,
Mr. Dixon, visited this city, and they received
from the President of the United States, Mr.
Lincoln, his definite, deliberate, emphatic
pledge that no attempt should be made to
enlist slaves in Kentucky without the consent
of the authorities of that State. In defiance
of that pledge, they went on recruiting slaves
into the Army of the United States.
Whatthen did they do ? The march of wrong
and usurpation is always gradual. It is on-
ward, but it is gradual, slow, and stealthy.
Too great a bound might produce too great a
shoSfc, and therefore the steps are short and
frequent, and sometimes weak. To prevent a
recoil of public feeling in the State of Ken-
tucky by the enlistment of negroes the Con-
gress of the United States passed an act which,
according to my recollection, received the vote
of my honorable friend from Ohio, that for
every slave that enlisted in the Army of ihe
United States his owner should be entitled to
$300 of bounty. That measure was passed,
and is now upon the statute-book, but has
never been enforced.
After that law had passed, I offered prop-
ositions at successive sessions to appropriate
$10,000,000 to the owners of slaves in Ken-
tucky to pay this $300 bounty upon each negro
soldier. 'At one session it passed as a section
in an appropriation bill, that the money should
be paid to the owners, and a commission was
sent to Kentucky and organized with a view
to take proof of who were the owners and
whether the slaves enlisted were respectively
worth the sum of $300. While that commis-
sion was in operation both in Kentucky and in
Maryland, I believe, the Senate, regardless of
their constitutional obligation not to take pri-
vate properly for public use without just com-
pensation, regardless of all the claims of jus-
tice, of their own plighted faith, twice solemnly
made in the form of legislation, passed a law
suspending the payment of those bounties to
owners of slaves; and I believe my honorable
friend from Ohio voted for that suspension.
In that I may do him injustice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say that I always
voted to pay those claims. I always thought
that that $300 bounty ought to have been paid
to the loyal owners of slaves in the loyal States,
and I have always so voted; and 1 have the
impression that a majority of the Senate always
voted for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. A majority of
the Senate voted to make the appropriation
and then voted to suspend the appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] started it, and I
think the Senate always supported it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. They could not
have done so, because the payment agreed to
under an appropriation bill was,suspended by
a joint resolution of Congress; and that is a
resolution which, according to my recollec-
tion, my honorable friend voted for also. In
that 1 may do him injustice. If so, I am sorry
for it.
Mr. BLAIR. It was suspended by tho
