1871.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
unauthorized order of the Secretary of War.
The Secretary of War took it upon himself to
suspend the order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes; and, Mr.
President, a more lawless dictator never was
in power than that same Secretary of War. If
he had in his lifetime had justice dealt out to
liim for his crimes he would have been hung
a thousand times for murder, and he would
have been putin the penitentiary ten thousand
times for lesser crimes.
Now, Mr. President, I am not done with the
recotd of my frieud from Ohio. Here came
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion——■
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted for that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. My honorable
friend says he voted for that. What does that
fourteenth amendment contain ? A clause that
no dollar shall ever be paid, either by the States
or the General Government, in consequence of
any claim for negroes. Now, I appeal to the
Senate, if my State, under the force and effect
of this system of legislation which I have thus
briefly traced, had not cause of complaint of
the General Government.
If the General Government had waged the
war with a view to the restoration of the Con-
stitution, and of the rights and liberties which
it secured and was intended to secure 10 the
American people, that dreadful and bloody
conflict would have come to a much more rapid
and successful issue. I admit that in time of
war, and especially in civil war, and so gJVeat
a civil war as ours was, where the balance hung
trembling through so many years and amid
the doubtful issues of so many bloody battles,
a large share of unauthorized, irregular, and
unconstitutional power became a necessity of
the Government, and it was unavoidable. Bat
then I assume the position that, so soon as the
war closed by the suppression of the rebellion
and the surrender of every man in arms, it was,
and always should be, the duty of the Govern-
ment to come within the strict lines and pale
of the Constitution and the laws. Sir, ihat
has uot been done. The rebellion when it was
first made was not only a crime bat a great
mistake and a great folly. It was contem-
plated by the people of Kentucky with almost
universal reprobation and horror. That the
rebellion afterward enlisted numerous friends
in Kentucky and everywhere else among its
original opponents resulted from the abuse
of power by the Government of the United
States, its utter disregard of the Constitution,
of constitutional rights, and of the liberties
of the people after the war had finally culmin
ated. If the part of statesmanship—consti-
tutional statesmanship—and wisdom hau been
played from the time Lee and Johnston sur-
rendered their armies onward, in good faith
and with reasonable intelligence, there would
not now be a ripple upon the face of the Uni-
ted States, upon the great ocean of American
public sentiment. Everything would be calm
and peaceful and serene as a rippleless stream.
It was this course of outrage, this course of
wrong, this course of systematic and reckless
and daring violation of the Constitution and
its great principles on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States and of Congress,
that redeemed the rebellion from the utter dis-
grace and reprobation in which it had fallen,
and raised it to the little respect which now it
has in the country.
Yes, Mr. President, the rebellion was com-
menced without any just cause, without any
adequate cause. Those who entered into it
had no sufficient justification, no sufficient
apology. But in the progress of the rebellion,
and up to the passage of the last reconstruc-
tion laws, the southern States had a hundred-
fold more cause to resist their own Govern-
ment and to strike it down to the dust, than
our fathers in the revolutionary war had to
rebel against King George.
But, Mr. President, I proceed. I have said
that my State, in the main, is devoted to the
Constitution, to law. to social order ; and I
have seen no facts disclosed in this discussion
that impugn to any considerable degree that
position. Let us examine it a little.
In the course of the last three years I can
bring to my recollection only from twelve to
fifteen cases ot that violence and bloody crime
which the honorable Senator from Ohio and
also the honorable Senator from Indiana have
so justly denounced in the whole State of Ken-
tucky. The first instance within my recollec-
tion since the war occurred in the county of
Lewis to which my honorable'colleague alluded
in his remarks some days ago. There were
some desperate criminals who invaded the
humble cottage of a free negro and murdered
him. Ajudge of the State of Kentucky im-
mediately proceeded against them to have
them arrested and brought to trial for murder.
If he had been left in the exercise of his au-
thority, as he ought to have been, those mur-
derers, I am sure, would have been long since
brought to trial, condemned, and executed.
But as it was they were seized and taken from
the State authorities under an act of Congress,
taken about one hundred and fifty miles from
their place of residence to Louisville, and they
were there put on trial in the Federal court.
I happened to be in the city of Louisville and
in the Federal court about two years ago when
those men were under trial. They were tried
before Judge Ballard. The jury found them
guilty, as they could not have done otherwise
under his charge. They were sentenced to be
executed. From that judgment of execution,
as I am informed, an appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court of the Uniied States, and is
now pending. That these red-handed midnight
murderers have not already been punished and
hung according to the law results from the
officious and unconstitutional interference of
Congress and of the United States authorities
with the administration of justice in our State.
Sir——
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask my
frieud from Kentucky as to the truth of a
statement which I see published in a Ken-
tucky paper. Since the colloquy I had with
his colleague the other day quite a number of
Kentucky papers have been sent to me from
different parts of the State, and I remember
an allegation made in one of the papers which
states explicitly that of all the crimes—and
they are said to be much more numerous in
these papers than I supposed—of all the crimes
committed there no crime against a colored
man by a white man has been punished except
in two cases, and they were little cases that
were carried to the United States courts under
the law referred to now by the Senator; and
they were the only two cases where white men
were punished or there was any prospect of
punishment or any danger of punishment for
outrages on negroes. The point I wish to get
at is this: it is said the reason is that any
olfeuse may be committed upon a negro by a
white man, and a negro cannot testify in any
case against a white man, so that the only way
by which any conviction can be had in Ken-
tucky in those cases is in the United States
courts, because the United States courts en-
force the United States laws by which negroes
may testify.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will answer
the honorable Senator.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will my colleagueallow
me to say to the Senator from Ohio that in my
remarks the other day I cited the case of a con-
viction in a State court where two men were
now in the penitentiary for a small felony com-
mitted upon two negroes? I stated that upon
the authority of Hon. Edward Crossland, late
a circuit judge, who presided at the trial, who
was by me, and who" is now a member of the
House of Representatives, and which convic-
tion, as he informed me, took place in the
county of Graves.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The .VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] instruct-
ing the Committee 011 the Judiciary is before
the Senate, being the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. The morning hour has
been taken up with my resolution nominally ;
but we had the general Ku Klux discussion
upon it. 1 should like to have the vote of the
Senate upon that resolution, disposing of it
one way or the other. And if there be 110
other mode of reaching it, I move to lay on
the table the pending resolution ; and, if that
motion prevails, when the resolution which I
offered is disposed of, I shall then move to
resume the consideration of the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio upon which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, of course, will have the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Sena-
tor from Kentucky is perfectly willing to let
the vote be taken on the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island, so that he retains
the floor on my resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then there will be 110
difficulty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky reserves the right to the floor,
upon the resolution of the Senator from Ohio,
to continue his remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. To resume not
the threads but the crumbs of my discourse on
that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Ohio is informally passed
over, no objection to that course being made;
and the question before the Senate is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thu&manJ to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island [Mr. AnthonyJ to the
restrictive rule limiting the business of this
session.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to say
anything more 011 this matter except to express
the hope that the Senator from Rhode island
will withdraw his objection to the amendment
I have offered and let that be adopted, and
the n his amendment will be agreed to at once
without any trouble or difficulty.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 cannot, do that. I have
no objection to the object which the Senator
from Ohio seeks to accomplish ; but I do not
think we ought to pass an order that the Sen-
ate will not act upon a certain measure until
it has been referred to a committee and that
committee has reported. Perhaps the com-
mittee will never report. It would change the
entire rule of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom Ohio
to the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator Irotn
Rhode Island to the restrictive rule limiting
the business of this session.
The amendment was agreed to. The res-
olution as thus amended is as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent
resolution for a joint committee of investigation
into the condition ot the States lately in insurrec-
tion, and the resolution now pending instructing the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills
that will enable the President and the courts ot tho
United States to execute the laws in said Stales, and
tho report that may be made by the Committee on
the Judiciary on that subject, and any bill that may
be sent to the Senate from the House of Represent-
atives on the same subject.
MESSAGE FltOM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheusoK, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 220) authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint commissioners to examine
