1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
42d Gong....1st Sbss.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
Bat. Mr. President, I am not done with this
question in its bearings, because I wish the
great North to understand it, if that be the
proposition that is submitted to us. I have
been told, and I subscribe to the doctrine and
I will stand by it and none other, that what-
ever measure is adopted for the southern States
shall have equal application to the North—no
favoritism here. If I may be allowed to use
a homely phrase, "Let all be fed out of the
same spoon." If you are to pass criminal laws
against, Ku Klux, let them be of general appli-
cation. If you are to authorize the President
to declare martial law or to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus in a section of country
where the civil law is put at defiance by armed
mobs, where the Constitution and laws of the
United States are trampled under foot, apply
it to Massachusetts, if Massachusetts presents
the same condition of affairs. Let it go where
ever you find enough bad men to override the
good men in a community. I imagine that
Massachusetts will not complain. Sir, let it
be of general application; and if you put labor
back under the control of capital at the South,
I insist that you shall do likewise at the North.
But, sir, suppose it is not carried to that'
extreme, what will the laboring men of the
North say to this? Suppose they are not put
under the control of capital, and this Demo-
cratic eccentricity, if I may so call it, be applied
only to the southern States; and suppose that
from one of the northern States, from New
York, if you please, the laboring men send to
the other House of Congress a Representative
elected by them over the candidate of capital.
He has a voice there ; he has one vote. Will
those men be satisfied that the vote of their
Representative lie balanced by a Representa-
tive from the South who comes at the behest
of the natural leaders" by the votes of the
colored men Dut back under their control? I
hearol tne course wnich was pursued by south-
ern men, before the war, in the councils of the
nation. They then cast but one vote each.
Let the colored men "go back under their
control'' and they will come with tenfold power
here, and it may be in the interests of the
Democratic party still. ,
Mr. President, I do protest that such a policy
could not be carried out iu the southern States
except at the sacrifice of peace and order and
of all the best interests ot the country. It is
an absurdity and an impossibility. It cannot
be put into practical effect, and will not be
allowed. Then, sir, I am thrown back on the
question I started with. What is to be done?
Does the nation mean to carry out the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution? Does
it mtan to put it into practical effect or not?
It is resisted by violence. There is a determ-
ination in certain quarters that it shall not be
put into practical effect.
Now, sir, if the Senate will bear with me,
what was the proper course to be pursued
when it was ascertained that there were in the
southern States organizations of men bound
together by solemn oaths to substitute local vio-
lence in the place of the reconstruction pol-
icy of Congress, and to subvert law and order
in widely extended localities? Allow me to
examine what these organizations are. That
they are strong in North Carolina is proved
by all the witnesses. How strong, I cannot
tell. One witness says forty thousand, another
says sixty thousand. Both these witnesses,
and all the witnesses that testify as to the
number, are members of the Klan.
It has beiome impossible for the local au-
thorities to contend against it, and they have
failed entirely. What is the organization, and
what are its purposes ? Take the oath and
read it; but its practices are worse, if possible,
than the purposes announced in the terms of
its organization. I will not go into details in,
tecouming the farious oufctagea that have Been
committed. I feel that it cannot be expected
of me to do so. At any rate, it would be a
most unpleasant task before the American
Senate. I am mortified enough at the exist-
ence of such a condition of affairs in my State.
It is in evidence that, in order to carry out
their purpose, they meet in camps and vote
upon the fate of this or that man who has
offended them. They thus bring a stigma
upon the very system of American institutions
by deliberately putting to vote whether a cer-
tain man who is obnoxious to the organization
shall be assassinated or scourged, or other
crime committed.
Such proceedings cannot be confounded with
ordinary cases of outrage and crime. Mem-
bers of the Union League, it is said, commit
crimes. I know they do. Members of churches
commit crimes. There is no organization the
individual members of which do not commit
crimes. But the distinction is that here crime
is committed in pursuance of the order of the
organization, and under its decree, aud the
whole power of that organization, no matter
what it may be, forty thousand or sixty thou-
sand, is pledged to protect from punishment
those who execute us orders. There is no
possibility of getting a conviction, as it would
seem from experience. I find that it is as-
serted that there have been some convictions;
but I have never known one. If there has
ever been one in my State it is an exception,
and exceptions prove rules. I have never
known one. I have known Ku Klux to be
convicted; that is, I have heard of such
things; but not convicted for perpetrating a
crime of the character that has brought such
disgrace upon that State, not when they go in
bands in disguise under their officers, and
burn school-houses, and scourge women and
men, and hang aud assassinate. None of that
has ever been successfully prosecuted in a
court of justice in North Carolina.
Now, Mr. President, who compose this
organization? A Senator became rather in-
dignant, when it was said that the Ku Klux
was composed of Democrats. Well, sir, it
would be a very strange thing to be said in
North Carolina that a Republican belonged to
the organization. I do not know how it may
be in some of the other southern States. I
cannot speak for them ; but I believe that after
all that has been said in regard to my State
the condition of things there is no worse, if
indeed it is as bad, as in Georgia, and Alabama
and other places ; and when the investigating
committee proceeds with its labors I have
no doubt there will be a very full confirm-
ation of the opinion I now express. It would
be a strange thing if it were asserted that any
Republican in North Carolina belonged to the
Ku Klux organization. I have never heard
it charged. I have never heard that the Dem-
ocratic papers, so full of slanders, slanders
upon q.11 opponents, ever said that a Repub-
lican belonged to the Ku Klux organization.
All the Democrats cannot be members of it,
all the Democrats are not members of it, nor
do all the Democrats approve it; but it has
been justly and truly said that every member
of the Ku Klux Klan is a Democrat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator
whether the negroes that were spoken of by
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson]
yesterday, who took out a negro man and
whipped him for voting the Democratic ticket,
were Democrats, or whether they were not
members of the Republican party ?
Mr. POOL. The same occured in the county
of Orange, where six negroes, seeing that the
white Democratic Ku Klux could put on dis-
guises and could kill and murder, concluded
that (hey iriighfc jjut 6ti the Settle diSgtiiSeS atltt
imitate the Ku Klux, and so they proceeded to
commit their depredations.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator if
those to whom I referred did not avow their
determination to whip that negro because he
had voted the Democratic ticket?
Mr. POOL. Well, sir, they were following
a very bad example, both in putting on the
disguise and committing the outrage, and in
doing it for the purpose that the Senator indi-
cates. But they found themselves in the peni-
tentiary speedily, and when they were put on
trial you saw no Ku Klux organization come
to their hi.jp. They were the bogus Ku Rlux.
But I will tell the Senator iu all seriousness
that the society of the South is endangered
by these Klans, because bad men will under-
take to imitate them and put on disguises and
do deeds of outrage. But I was saying that
all the Democrats could not be members of
the Ku Klux Klan. I see Democrats on this
floor who could not be members of it. They
would not be admitted. If they have ever be-
longed to the Grand Army of the Republic they
could not be admitted. A man has to swear
before he can get into the Klan that he does not
belong to the Grand Army of the Republic.
Now, sir, I will suppose that a good, sound
Democrat, who avows and advocates the broad
doctrine that colored men should be left free
to go back under the control of their " natu-
ral leaders," should ask to be admitted to
one of the Klans. They would say to him,
" We act upon your principles ; you are right
politically ; you are all sound in doctrine ; but
if you are a member of the Grand Army of
the Republic we cannot admit you here."
Nor could he be admitted if a member of the
Union League, although I confess a Democrat
cannot be a member of the Union League if
it be what gentlemen who belong to it have
represented to me. The Union League is a
national organization.
Mr. SHERMAN. Could a man who acqui-
esced in the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments be admitted?
Mr. POOL. No, sir. I was going to say
if the Union League is what it is represented
to me, a national organization for the purpose
of carrying out the reconstruction policy of
Congress, for the purpose of enforcing the
fourteenth amendment 
Mr. VICKERS. Are they not all sworn to
vote the Republican ticket?
Mr. POOL. 1 do not know. The honor-
able Senator from Florida [Mr. OsbornJ tells
me that is not in the oath. But if a mem-
ber of the Union League were to apply to
become a member of the Ku Klux Klan and
were to say, "I renounce all that, and I am
going to vote the Democratic ticket hereafter
and act with you men," he could not be
admitted ; they would not take him in. If a
man belonged to the Heroes of America, which
was an organization in the southern States
during the war composed of Union men, how-
ever much of a Democrat he may be now, and
hundreds of thorn are now the most violent
of the Democrats of the South, he would not
be allowed admission. There are other men
who are not allowed admission.
What does all this mean? Those who belong
to these Union associations are not allowed
to join the Klan, even if they are Democrats.
Why? It means that this is not only a Dem-
ocratic organization, but it is an organization
of those who are in hostility to the Union and
the laws and the Constitution of the.country,
I do not believe Senators will insist that any
others than Democrats belong to it when they
have heard the oath, which no man disputes,
produced in evidence before at ieastone court
in my State last summer, and before the com-
mittee here. A man has to swear—
"That you will oppose all Radicals and negroes
la tfli theif pBtitifcai dfesisna."—
