346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
and report upon the Sutro tunnel, in the
State of Nevada ; and
A bill (S. No. 29fi) granting fi, pension to
Phoebe So'field, widow of Lewis Solield.
• presidential approval.
A message from the President of the U nited
States, by Mr. Horace Porteb, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed an act (S. No. 130) to
reestablish the office of surveyor at Eastport,
Maine.
promotion of life, etc , at til 12 sootii.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] upon
which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
is entitled to the floor to continue his remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, with the leave of
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] I will
repeat my question. I recall now, that it is
the Louisville Commercial which makes the
general statement to which I just now referred.
After quoting the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] about
there being two cases where white men in
Kentucky were punished for offenses against
negroes, it proceeded to state that those two
cases were tried in the United States courts,
and then repeated that there were no other
cases m the State of Kentucky where white
men had been punished for crimes upon ne-
groes, although the article undertook to recite
a number of murders that appeared to be of a
very atrocious character, and said that there
were no cases that had occurred in the State
courts of white men being punished. It gave
as a reason the enforcement by the State of
Kentucky of her old law in regard to negro
testimony. I am sorry 1 have not the paper
before me.
Mr. 3TEVENSON. I saw the Commercial
and I saw the statement to which the honor-
able Senator alludes, and that was the reason
that 1 proposed to give my authority for my
statement. It is my pleasure here in the Sen-
ate to state that I made that statement upon
the authority of Judge Crossland, the judge
who presided, and who was then the circuit
judge of the county of Graves, where this con-
viction took place. He is now a member of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will now
resume. My honorable colleague, having so
recently come from the administration of the
chief executive office of the State of Kentucky,
is much more familiar with the facts which
were the subject of the colloquy between the
honorable Senator from Ohio and myself than
1 am, and with the course of crime and its
punishment in the State of Kentucky than I
am. J will remark to my honorable friend from
Ohio that he is speaking of a case wholly differ-
ent and very distant from that which Judge
Crossi.and spoke of. The theater of those
crimes was selected by him: one was in the
extreme northeastern part of the State of Ken-
tucky, and the other in the extreme southwest-
ern part, at least four hundred miles apart, or
something in that neighborhood. But I pro-
ceed.
Mr. President, in the course of a long prac-
tice in the courts, X have seen a great many
negroes, free and slave, in court both as defend-
ants and as plaintiffs; and I never saw a negro
in court, free or slave, as a plaintiff or as a
defendant, that had anything like a good case
in Kentucky, that he did not have the entire
sympathies of the court-house with the excep-
tion of his adversary and his adversary's coun-
sel. As long ago almost as I can remember,
a farmer of fortune, of substantial wealth,
whipped a negro, cruelly, inhumanly, in the
county of Clarke, so that the negro died. He
was indicted for murder; he was convicted of
manslaughter, and as long ago as about sixty
years he was sent to the penitentiary and
served out his term.
Of all countries where slavery ever existed,
with a mingled population of white and black,
where the black population was enslaved, and
a very small portion of it enjoying freedom
from slavery, there never was a community
where there was more disposition to protect
and to secure every right to the negro, justly,
liberally, and with magnanimity, than in the
State of Kentucky. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Ohio that as far as my informa-
tion extends in relation to the recent history
of the two races in that State, I believe that a
dozen, I am certain that fifteen cases of vio-
lence and crime, on the part of white men to
the negro race in the State of Kentucky, would
cover the whole number from the time of this
murder in the county of Lewis. I know of
but one lawless band which has appeared, and
that was at Stamping Ground, in the State of
Kentucky, north of the Kentucky river. I
have heard of some instances of outrage com-
mitted at Stamping Ground. I have heard
of one that was perpetrated at Mr. Harrison
Blanton's, a mile or two below Frankfort. I
have heard of one that was committed in the
town of Frankfort. I have heard that during
the late session of the Legislature there was a
body of armed men disguised who rode into
Frankfort, and who beguiled the keeper of the
prison, got the key from him, and liberated a
man charged there with a crime upon a negro.
Mr. President, there is no man who con-
demns these actsof violation of law, of outrage
and murder, more decidedly than I do. But
even this state of things has some excuse in the
State of Kentucky, and that, excuse is because
of the systematic practice of the Radical party
to foster and encourage hostility and conflict
between the two races. Sir, there never has
been a time in the State of Kentucky when
free negroes were not entitled under the law
to all their civil rights. They could acquire
property, real and personal; they could make
wills; their property descended to their chil-
dren; they could contract marriage. It was
trespass to invade their rights, as it was tres-
pass to invade the rights of a white man ; it
was felony to take their life, as it was felony
to take the life of a white man; but they were
always excluded from giving evidence in the
courts. I admit that this exclusion is a wrong;
it is a wrong to the negro ; it is a wrong to the
white man. This exclusion never would have
existed if the negro had not been in a state
of slavery. If that race had been free in the
State of Kentucky from the origin of onr State
our laws never would have made any such ex
elusion. It was because they were slaves, and
because the slave was subject to the dominion
and will of his master, that as a matter of pub-
lic policy the negro was excluded from giving
testimony. But I concede that so soon as the
negro became free the reason for the exclu-
sion ceased, and it is not only a matter of
right to him, but it is a matter of right to the
white man, to every man who has a contro-
versy in court about which a negro knows any-
thing, that the party in court should have the
benefit of the negro's knowledge, where he has
capacity to give his evidence.
I have no doubt that our Legislature will
come to establish that law of evidence. The
Legislature have been obstinate, I admit, in
refusing it; but the good sense, the sense of
justice and of sound policy on the part of our
people, will force them to do so. I admit, Mr.
President, that our Legislature have not passed
laws sufficiently vigorous and sti-ingentto meet
these cases of disguised bands. But our peo-
ple are coming to that, and they will elect
members to a Legislature that will pass the
necessary laws to meet the exigencies of our
State under this extraordinary condition of
i things. Why, Mr. President, it is experience
| and the wants of society that teach what laws
are necessary, and laws must be framed and
enacted according to the exigencies and the
demands of society. I admit that disguised men
are occasionally going over the State of Ken-
tucky in the hour of night, and that under their
disguises they commit many atrocious deeds.
I say that they ought to be met and put down,
but that Congress has no authority to under-
take to do that office; that it belongs to the
States under the Federal Constitution and
under their reserved rights; that they are the
proper powerito do that; and if left to the
States it will be done more peacefully, more
effectually, more in accordance with the prin-
ciple of the Federal and State constitutions,
than if Congress attempts irregularly and by
usurped power to undertake the control of the
subject.
Sir, when I return to my home I intend to
suggest these provisions to our penal laws,
that any man, whether he be by himself or
with others, who masks or disguises himself,
so that his identity cannot be perceived, and
who arms himself with a deadly weapon, and
goes in that disguise armed with a deadly
weapon to perform an unlawful act of force,
shall be guilty of a felony and shall be pun-
ished as a felon. Nay, more; I would add
another provision to such a law, that where a
man with such a disguise on was in the act of
doing an unlawful deed with force it should
be excusable homicide to slay him.
These are the sentiments that I speak to the
Senate; they are the sentiments that I would
speak to the people of the State of Kentucky,
to its Legislature  
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I will say to my
frien.d from Kentucky that if some such law as
that which he has just indicated were enacted
in the different States, and fairly enforced, I
would never advocate any. authority in the
Government of the United Stales to interpose.
The trouble is, first to get a Legislature to pass
such a law against public sentiment, and next
to'get a State to enforce such a law against its
own citizens. There is the trouble.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have two or
three objections to the view of the honorable
Senator. The first is that Congress has no
constitutional power whatever to pass such a
law. The second is that if Congress did pass
such a law it would be as impotent to execute
it, and more so, than the State authorities and
the State courts. In the third place, in view
of the state of society existing in Kentucky
after the termination of the great civil war, aud
after the people were deprived, without author-
ity of the Constitution, by a usurped power
of Congress, of a thousand millions of their
property, though there had been a pledge to
them, a positive, reiterated pledge to them, by
Congress, by the Executive, by the members
of the Cabinet, that the war was waged only
to put down armed rebellion, and not to
invade the States or their governments or
their institutions or their property; and after
again they were pledged the payment of
$10,000,000 for their property twice over, and
you put a repudiation of this pledge in an
amendment, a pretended and surreptitious
amendment of the Constitution; I say -as to a
people thus outraged, as have been the people
of Kentucky by their own Government, against
all its professions of good faith, it is not strange
that disorder should exist to some extent in
that State, and that it should take time and
reflection and sober reason to bring the people
of the State to their correction ; and that is the
only corrective.
But, Mr. President, I will proceed further.
Here comes up the case of Gibson and the
Postmaster General. The Postmaster General
has a history, and I am acquainted with some
of its main points. At the beginning of the
war he was a secessionist, and at a public
meeting in his district he presented to that
meeting a series of secession resolutions. They
have been published in the public prints, and
they have been read several times in the Sen-
ate. He soon discovered that that card would
not win in Maryland, and he changed his front.
From a secessionist he became an extreme
Union man, and from the defamer and the
denouncer of Henry Winter Davis, he became
