108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
42d OoNff.,.. 1st Sess.
Can a Republican go in and take that oath?
"and that should any Radical or nogro impose on,
abuse, or injure any member of this brotherhood,
you will assist in punishing him in any manner the
camp may direct."
It is not very likely that a Republican would
join an association and swear that hs would
undertake to punish any Republican who
undertook to impose upon a member of the
order in any manner the camp might direct,
even to murder. But, sir, they are very
guarded against getting in anybody but Dem-
ocrats. 1 find that another article in their
oath is:
"And that you will never assist ia initiating, or
allow to be initiated, if you can prevent it, any one
belonging to the Red String Order, Uninn League,
Heroes of America, Grand Army of the Republic, or
any one holding Radical views or opinions."
It sounded strange to me that a Senator
sliould rise and show feeling when it was said
that this organization was composed of Demo-
crats alone. It was something so novel to me
that 1 was surprised. Sir, it is a Democratic
organization, in the interests of the Democratic
party. It has mind in it; I might almost say
statesmanship in its organization. They swear
that they never will reveal who initiated them,
that they will never tell any of the secrets,
that they will never let it be known that they
are members themselves, that they will carry
out the orders of the camp, that they will obey
the commands of their leaders, that they will
punish by order of the camp any one who im-
poses upon a member. That shows that there
is system in this organization, that it was not
ignorant men who originated it.
But, sir, that is not all; very far from it.
They had explanations of these oaths. Among
other things, they bound themselves, or were
instructed as a part of the obligation, that they
were not to resist legal process. I have been
a little surprised to hear on the floor of the
Senate gteatstress put upon the fact that they
did not resist process. Why, sir, if a mem-
ber of the order were to resist process he
would be punished; it would be against the
rules of the order. And why? Because the
resistance of process, the resistance of an
officer would bring about an immediate col-
lision with the authorities, and the order
would be obliged to go to the wall.
Mr, BLAlli. Will thegentleman fromNorth
Carolina inform me in what part of the tes-
timony that instruction is, or the statement
he is now making?
Mr. POOL. 1 cannot refer to the testimony.
I have not read the whole ol' the testimony
taken before the committee as fully as! have
some other. There has been testimony taken
before our courts in North Carolina. There was
a large amount of testimony taken before our
supreme court judges last summer in a three-
weeks' sitting. 1 learn it from the testimony
taken either there or here. I do not know
whether it is in this testimony, but this testi-
mony is very meager. The committee have
not proceeded very lar. I can assure the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that if the investigation
continues he will have this testimony. It was
brought forward m the courts of our State if
it is not already here. I do not kuow whether
it is or not.
Mr. BLAIR. Wo were very anxious that it
should be continued; but it was closed and our
witnesses were sent away.
Mr. POOL. 1 must be very greatly mis-
taken if the Senator makes that declaration.
I understood the Senator was opposed to pro-
ceeding with the investigation.
Mr. BLAlli. We were very much in favor
of txatnining the witnesses whom we had
called, but were not allowed to examine them
as to the examination that was hud of those
men in North Carolina last summer.
Mr. POOL. 1 do not know anything about
the committee. I do not know why the com-
mittee stopped just as the Congress stopped.
They might have gone on perhaps without any
regard to the expiration of Congress. I know
there were a great many witnesses very im-
portant, to be examined, if what I understood
was the purport of their evidence was correct.
Mr. BLAIR. The committee had authority
to continue the examination during this Con-
gress, but stopped after we got the authority
to do it.
Mr. POOL. I am entering upon no defense
of the committee. I know nothing about it.
I was proceeding to say that I was surprised
to hear a point made upon the fact that this
organization did not resist process. Why
should tbey resist process, even if it was not
against the rules of their order? What good
would it do? No man who is arrested is in
any danger at all. In the first place, they
have thus far succeeded in evading any bill of
indictment by a grand jury. They have always
succeeded in getting men upon the grand jury
who were in their interest, or from some cause
or other no bills have been found except in a
single instance, and that was in Judge Thomas's
district, where a part of the military force of
the Slate was used early. And those men
have not yet been tried, and I understand from
the testimony here that the witnesses are not
to be, come at exactly at this time, and the case
has been postponed from time to time on that
account.
But suppose the grand jury were to find a
bill; there are the chances with the petit jury.
One part of the obligation is that they shall
hang about the court and get upon the petit
jury and upon the grand jury and prevent the
conviction of their members. I think the Sen-
ator from Missouri will not deny that that is in
the testimony that the committee took. That
certainly is sworn to by one or more members
of the Klan. Why resist processif there is no
danger of an indictment, if there is no danger
of conviction? But further, they were bound
together by the whole power of the Klan to
rescue members from prison, to take them out
of jail. No, sir, there is no resistance of pro-
cess, but the civil law in my State, and I under-
stand in the others, has been totally inadequate
to punish the outrages that have been com-
mitted. It was so, I presume, to some extent
in Kentucky, judging from the message of the
Governor of that State, who ia now a Senator
on this door.
Now, sir, I ask in all candor, what is to be
done? I come now especially to North Caro-
lina affairs, with which I desire to deal. It
was perfectly plain that there had been no
conviction in the State courts ; and yet at first
1 doubted the existence of the order. I did
not think it possible that such an order could
exist. Afterward, from men of respectability
and character upon whom I relied, I found
that 1 could no longer doubt the existence of
it; and when the details of these horrid crimes
came in, I asked very naturally, " Where are
your judges, where are your solicitors, where
are your sheriffs?" I was answered, "The
sheriffs in Alamance and some other counties
are in the order; the judges can do nothing;
the juries are in the way ; we can make no con-
victions." I thought that the Executive of
the State ought to supply the failure of the civil
authorities in the localities by sending the
nnlitia of the State into those disorderly coun-
ties, and with them some magistrate of general
jurisdiction, a judge of one of our circuit
courts for instance, who should go there, and
with the military drawn from some peaceable
locality, not at all connected with these men,
as a posse, proceed to supply the failure of
the local civil authorities in maintaining the
laws of the State. 1 found that was the general
sentiment. I found that there was scarcely a
man of intelligence who considered the sub-
ject twelve months ago that did not believe
the Governor of North Carolina would be
derelict in duty, when he was assured by the
judges of the courts that there was no possi-
bility of executing the civil law, if he did not
make some effort to supply the defect of the
local authorities in this way.
But, sir, I must confess that I liad little faith
in the ability of the military force of the State
to do it. At first I thought the State was all-
powerful. I thought it could do it through its
courts ; but twelve months ago I was forced to
the conclusion, painfully, that there was noth-
ing in the State, as it seemed to me, that would
be adequate to contend against such an organ-
ization, embracing even ten thousand men,
bound together by principles so shrewdly de-
vised to escape detection. When I saw that
no convictions had been effected, when I saw
that efforts had been made without success, I
lost hope in the ability of the State to do it at
all. Of course I must have foreseen, as every
man must have foreseen, that ultimately the
Government of the United States would have
to come forward.
Twelve months ago I introduced into the
Senate a bill conferring jurisdiction of these
cases upon the United States courts, doing
just what I desire now to be done, bilt which
I must confess, in my judgment, will be neces-
sary to be done much more vigorously and
efficiently now than would have been required
at that time. I wished not only to break down
the perpetration of those outrages and to secure
peace, but to avoid extreme measures if it
could possibly be done. That bill met with
very little favor. Many Senators know very
well how I spoke of the matter, how I talked
to them. When the bill to enforce the filteenth
amendment was before the Senate, I introduced
some sections of my bill as amendments to
it,and they were adopted, but I am told it
was jlone in rather a bungling way. But, sir.
the common sentiment that I heard expressed
here during that time was, that the Governor
of the State ought to send in the military force
of the State ; that the State ought to exhaust
all its powers before the Federal Government
undertook to interfere at all; and hence it
was undertaken by the Governor of North
Carolina.
We have seen the result. I do not pretend
to say that the Governor did not make mis-
takes. That he did blander in some respects
is true. But, sir, I do know, if any faith can
be put in a man, if any faith can be put in the
words or the gestures of a man by which an-
other can judge him, that he acted from the
highest principles of duty, and he believed he
was doing what was right and what was his
duty to do. It is said he refused to obey the
writ of habeas corpus. At most, he but delayed
obedience to the writ. I have nothing to say
in regard to his power to do such a thing. 1
am not about to discuss that. I am not defend-
ing the Governor of North Carolina in his
action. If I had been present when it was
decided that the writ should not be imme-
diately obeyed, bat obedience to it delayed, I
am assured by men in that State, who were
advising that the emergency required it, that
1 should have advised it, too. i happened to
be confined to my bed in another State at that
time. I think it likely, if the excuse given lor
it had been brought before me, 1 should have
advised delay in obeying the writ. It seems
the Governor had information that there was
a purpose on the part of this Ku Klux organ-
ization in the several counties to do what they
call "riding around" for two or three nights
just preceding the election, and there was dan-
ger of general civil war, strife, and bloodshed.
He believed it, if his word is to be believed,
and others believed it.
But, sir, lor whatever cause or on whatever
account, it has all failed, and the Governor of
North Carolina has been impeached, has been
