348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
for criminal prosecution and for condign pun-
ishment than Holden and Kirk and Bergen?
Are they likely to receive punishment from
the United States authorities? No, sir; they
are to be rewarded with foreign appointments,
consulships, and missions; and the head crim-
inal of all, r,o doubt, is to receive the highest
appointment.
But, sir, I propose to read an extract from
the message of the President of the United
Slates, communicating information to the Sen-
ate in answer to its resolution of the 16th of
December, 1870, in relation to outrages in
North Carolina and other southern Slates:
"In connection with the above iire reports of Cap-
tain Frank 0. Smith and Colonel Hunt, fourth artil-
lery, tending to show that the citizens generally wero
quiet a.nd well disposed, the only trouble appre-
hended being in regard to the service of writs of
habeas cot pus issued by the Uuitcd States district
judge in tlio cases of prisoners held by Colonel Kirk
at Yanceyville, whicli it was thought might cause a
collision between tho United States and State troops
incase the former were called on to aid 111 serving
the writs, as was expected by Colonel Hunt. That
olhcer also stated that there was a feeling of uneasi-
ness in thecommunityfromvaguo appiohensions of
'Ku Klux,' kept alivo by the presence of State
troops, whoso fear from this source had led to serious
mischief, as witnessed in theshootmgof Bradley," &c.
There was a writ of habeas corpus for the
bringing up before the judge of the United
Slates court of these criminals, as Kirk and
his myrmidons called them, against whom
there was no indictment, no warrant, noebarge
whatever, and who had been hung up by the
neck until they were nearly dead, and scourged
and threatened that if they did not disclose
facts which they knew not lie would burn the
town and murder every man, woman, and
child ill it. This man Kirlc, who thus hold
these persons against the Constitution of the
United States and tile constitution of the State
of North Carolina, against all law, Federal
and State, and against justice and humanity,
was served wiih a writ of habeas corpus to
bring up their bodies before the United States
judge; and lie held the writ of habeas corpus
at bay until the extreme hour for its execu-
tion. A writ of habeas corpus had been issued
also by a State judge, the chief justice of the
State, a Republican, a man of legal learning,
of high position in his profession, and of great
and just consideration in the State of North
Carolina; but Kirk defied the authority of the
State writ and trampled it under foot, and
would only obey that of tho United States
court at the extreme hour, wailing, no doubt,
as he expected, succor and assistance from
Washington, which did not eotne.
But 1 read again :
''January 9,1866, Brevet Brigadier General Thomas
II. Ituger, commanding department ot North Caro-
lina, transmits reports of outrages in his depart-
ment, showing 10 cases of murder, 1 of manslilighter,
3 of assault with intent, to kill, 0 of rape, 110 of as-
sault and battery; total, Ui'l crimes on tho person,
and uO cases of burglary, 17 ot larceny, 32 of robbery ;
total, 59 crimes not on the person.
"January 22. ISfiti, Major General DanielK. Sickles
transmits report of persons tried and convicted
before provost courts m lus department during the
months of August, September, October, November,
and December, lsffi, showing 90 white and 605 black
for stealing, 25 white and 15 black tor disorderly con-
duct, 135 white and 55 black for drunkenness. GO
white and 123 black for assault; towil white, 310;
total black, 828, General Sickles also incloses
testimony taken by the officers ot the i'reedmeu's
Bureau.
Now, Mr. President, the races in Kentucky
are about as five or six to one ; there are about
fiveor six times as many white people as there
are black; and I venture to assert that the pre-
ponderance of crime in that State within the
last three years is as greatly in favor of the
negroes as having committed it over the whites,
notwithstanding the disparity of population, as
is the fact in the country so reported upon by
General Sickles.
Sir, there is no power to pass the bill on this
subject which we are soon to have before us;
but I do not care to say anything more on that
subject now. The time will coirie when it will
admit of a more legitimate opportunity for
debating all the principles that are involved
in the question. It is then my purpose to take
some part in it, and it is my purpose then to
pay my respects to the present Administration,
and to do it by a resort to historical records
written by its friends.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it js not my
purpose at this time to enter into this general
debate. I may take occasion to do so at some
other time; but while listening to the remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky I thought I would
call his attention and the attention of his col-
league to the statement of a very few facts
relating solely to that State. 1 find that in the
year 1865-66, or rather in one month of 18GQ
and ten months of 1866, being eleven months
in all, there were nineteen freedmen murdered
in Kentucky. I have the list giving the names
and the counties in which they wer« murdered
and the modes by which it was done.
Mr. SHERMAN. What do you read from ?
Mr. WILSON. I will read from the report:
"Major General Jefferson C. Davis
not a Radical or a Republican—he was then
commander in the State—remarks on this
report:
"That in addition to these murders" 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the honor-
able Senator tell me the dates that are com-
prehended in that report?
Mr. WILSON. This report covers the
month of December, 1865, and the first ten
months of 186G. It contains the names of
nineteen freedmen murdered in Kentucky, the
counties in which they were murdered, and the
mode by which their lives were taken, and
Major General Jefferson C. Davis, who then
commanded in Kentucky, says in regard to
this:
"That in addition to the foregoing list"—
This list of murdered men—
"the records of this office show that two hundred
and thii ty-thrco freedmen were badly maltreated,
not resulting in death, during the same period, and
that in addition thereto there were two loyalists,
Union men, murdered, and four assaulted with
intent to kill."
Then he says of these nineteen murdered
men in eleven months, in Kentucky, and two
hundred and thirty-three assaulted, but who
did not die under the assaults that were made
upon them—
" In none of these cases was any action reported
by the Stato authorities to punish tho offenders."
This is a most extraordinary statement—an
official statement by Major General Jefferson
C. Davis, for eleven months.
I hold in my hand a report for the next
twelve months. It appears that in the month
of December, 18G6, the last month of the year,
(we have not a report forthe month of Novem-
ber,) there were thirty-eight assaults made u pon
freedmen; that in the month of January, 1867,
there were seventeen assaults and five murders ;
that, in March, there were sixteen assaults and
one murder; in May, twenty nine assaults and
two murders; in June and July, sixty seven
assaults and three murders. I will not go into
the details further than to say that in this year
there were three hundred and thirty-seven as-
saults on freedmen and twenty-eight murders.
Mr. SHERMAN. What year was that?
Mr. WILSON. The year 1867. The other
report was for one month in 1865 and ten
months in 1866. In this report we have the
last mouth of 1866 and the year 1867. There
were twenty eight murders of freedmen, and
three hundred and thirty-seven assaults made
upon them under which they did not die. Then,
in the first eleven months of 1868, there were
two hundred and eighteen more assaults and
twenty-two murders. Here, in the period of
less than three years, there were seven hun-
dred and seventy-eightfreedmen assaulted, but
who did not die under the assaults that were
made upon them, and sixty nine murdered;
and, for the first year, General Davis says the
civii authorities took no meaus to punish them
or none were reported to punish them for it.
Here is the record for three years' work.
We have the record for 1869 and 1870 and the
first part of 18G5. Hero is the record for
Kentucky alone. How many of the men who
committed these murders and these assaults
have been arrested and tried and punished in
Kentucky by death or by imprisonment I do
not know ; perhaps the Senators from Ken-
tucky can tell us. It would be an excellent
thing for these Senators to furnish the list of
persons who haVe'been hung for these out-
rages, or the list of persons who have been
sent to the penitentiary for committing them ;
because, though they may argue from now to
eternity, they cannot argue out these facts.
They are official reports made, with the names
given. Here are the facts. Now, if the author-
ities of that State have taken hold of this mat-
ter, if the eight or nine hundred men who com-
mitted these terrible outrages in three years
that are reported, (and a great number have
not been reported, because they have not the
names and cannot report them,) I say if those
Senators can show that the authorities in Ken-
tucky have punished these men, have striven
to put them down, that may be a vindication ;
but it will not do to deny the facts.
Mr. DAYIS, of Kentucky. A single word.
There are a great many murders and cases of
manslaughter committed in Kentucky by ne-
groes upon negroes. I know of a dozen cases
in my own county in the last three years, and I
cannot recall to my recollection a solitary case
ofa white man having hurt a negro in the county
of Bourbon in that time. I will say to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts that the Federal courts
have jurisdiction of all cases of trespass, out-
rage, and murder upon negroe3 in the State
of Kentucky, or, at least, they assume it. Now,
if there was such a record of violence and
crime as is presented in the report which he
has read, where were Judge Ballard and the
United States commissioners?
Mr. SHERMAN. If I am correctly informed,
they did not have jurisdiction and never claimed
it until after the passage of the enforcement
act, a year ago. I do not know of any author-
ity in any law passed by Congress authorizing
such cases to be brought before the United
States courts, but my friend from Kentucky
probably is better informed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will tell the
honorable Senator that in all cases where the
evidence of negroes was excluded the United
States courts had taken jurisdiction years be-
fore, under the civil rights bill. Two years
 go- I was in the United States district court
in the State of Kentucky, where they then had
under trial two men charged with the murder
of a negro in the county of Lewis, and they
were convicted. Why do not the United States
judge and the United States commissioners
hunt up those cases of trespass, of outrage, of
murder upon negroes which the report read
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
discloses? It was as much their business,
according to the laws and policy of Congress,
as it was of the State authorities. They are
the especial friends and patrons of the negro
race. I want every man who commits an act
of outrage upon a negro to be prosecuted; I
want him to be prosecuted in a court that has
jurisdiction of the case; and I want him pun-
ished. Now, can the honorable Senator tell
how many of the cases in his report were cases
of collision between negroes?
I can tell the honorable Senator of a repoit
that was made by a general who hud com-
mand under General Palmer about Lexington.
He reported that there was a company of negro
soldiers discharged in the city of Lexington,
and that a mob seized them and most cruelly
maltreated them, whipped them, and mutilated
and disfigured the persons of some of them.
He wrote a letter to the Cincinnati Gazette,
setting forth the revolting anA bloody transac-
tion. The city authorities of Lexington imme-
diately instituted an inquiry. The Legislature
was in session. The Legislature raised a spe-
cial committee to inquire into it; and that
committee sent a citation to this general to
