112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 81,
Ho. of Heps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Moore.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
new rebellion, or the reappearance of the old
with all its former malignity. Of this, sir, I
believe not one word, i do not intend myself
to be deceived upon so important a matter,
nor am I willing, for any purposes whatever,
that the country shall be so deceived. I can
conceive of nothing that should more forcibly
come home to us, as the demand of a solemn
duty, than the acquisition, under the most
calm, candid, and dispassionate inquiry, and
as free as possible from any considerations of
party advantage, of a true knowledge of the
composition of southern society and the ulti-
mate purposes of that people, and especially of
those without whose aid and connivance new
resistance to the national Government could
not be inaugurated.
I do not believe that there is yet remaining
the spirit of resistance to the national authority
on the part of the intelligent and influential
portion of that people, who aforetime were in
rebellion against this Government. I believe
that they have now no other expectation or
desire than to live and die under the protec-
tion of the old flag; that they want no more
war with the only Government iu which they
or their children can hope to claim any sub-
stantial interest. 1 believe that under the
folds of the old banner their only hope is to
rebuild, as they may be allowed, their demol-
ished fortunes, and acquire all of wealth, of
refinement, of personal elevation, and progress,
with all the blessings of an advanced civiliza-
tion that may yet be in reserve for them and
their children, .and that an overwhelming
majority of the South do accept the situa-
tion.
And I am not alone, sir, in the views I here
thus express. I take the liberty of calling the
attention of this House to the language of a
distinguished Senator from one of the southern
States, and a stanch and uncompromising
Republican. 1 refer to the able Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] whose intelli-
gence, integrity, and ability have commanded
the respect of the entire country, and who, in
all his feelings, is identified with every substan-
tial interest of all the loyal people of the South.
These are his words, uttered in the Senate while
advocating the passage ol a general amnesty
bill:
" Now, if any Senator imagines the people of tho
South cherish any wish to enter upon another rebel-
lion in this generation, if any Senator thinks they
■wish to renew a strito which has left its terrible
traces all over their land ia devastated fields, in
burned villages and towns, in maimed husbands,
•sons, and fathers, in widowhood and orphanage and
poverty,m woes unnumbered find ineffable, let him
visit thescenes of the late conflict, let him associate
with tno population, let him inform himself as to
their sentiments on this subject, and he will aban-
don the idea that further continuance of political
disabilities is necessary to prevent a recurreneo of
rebellion in this generation. Were the temper and
desire to recngagemthcrcbellion against tho United
States really existing facts in the same body of men
which instigated and inaugurated tno rebellion of
1861. their call would be unheeded, their suggestions
spurned, their persons and counsels odious to the
great mass of even tho men who were most zealous
in fighting tho battles of the confederacy."
He believes, as I do, and many others who
have never for an hour failed to renderthemost
sincere and earnest support to the great party
which has thus far sustained the Government
amidst the fearful trials through which it has
recently passed, that the causes of these dis-
affeetions, 111 a great measure, if not chiefly,
arise, not from bitterness and hatred to the
General Government, but from the unfitness
of men, chosen under pressure, to take part
in the affairs of government, and that miser-
able system of legislation by which, in some
sections of the South, the people have been
robbed and defrauded by thieves and by hungry
and unprincipled adventurers.
But these tilings [ mention, Mr. Speaker, not
as an excuse for midnight marauders and assas-
sins, who. with the malice of fiends, have taken
the law into their own hands. Their lawless
course can, by no possibility, become a rem-
edy for either real or imaginary wrongs; and
every good citizen, of whatever party, ought to
frown upon such acts of lawlessness ; and that
all the constitutional powers of the General
Government should be put in requisition when
the local authorities become inadequate to the
task, to suppress violence, and afford the most
ample protection, I do not for a moment
doubt.
But, sir, I cannot consistently with a sense
of duty refrain from expressions of doubt in
reference to the wisdom of the course now
proposed. I am constrained to believe that
authority already vested in the Executive
by the Constitution and laws already on the
statute-books, passed in pursuance thereof, if
executed with prudence, firmness, boldness,
and energy, is amply sufficient for the present
emergency. I agree with my honorable friend
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] that what we now
want most is not law but the execution of law.
And again, sir, with all due deference to
gentlemen on this side of the House of un-
questioned legal ability, with whom I ara com-
pelled to differ some what on these questions,
1 declare my belief that the bill introduced by
the select committee contains new and ex
traordinary provisions, and is open to grave
constitutional objections. Tho second section,
in my opinion, contains provisions which, I
fear, cannot be delended, and which override,
as I am compelled to think, the vested rights
of the States. It looks very like the pre-
scribing of a criminal code for the punish-
ment and redresS of private wrongs in the
States. Such a power ha-s nowhere, as I can
find, been granted to Congress by the Consti-
tution, unless under the fourteenth amendment
of that instrument such new and additional
power has been granted. But in all the de-
bates had in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, which
proposed this amendment, it was strenuously
urged, by the best talent that entered into the
debate, that the first section of that amend-
ment, which is now mainly relied upon to
justify the extraordinary provisions of the bill
under consideration, was not to be construed
as a grant of new rights and powers hitherto
unknown to the Constitution, but that it was
a more clear and emphatic setting forth of
rights already guarantied.
But if Congress has the power thus to pre-
scribe a criminal code for the punishment and
redress of private wrongs in the several States,
it does seem to me that the whole machinery
of State governments is superseded, that there
is no power reserved to the several States, and
that there is-ati end of the division of powers be-
tween the General and the State governments;
that a revolution is already effected, and that
we have now a consolidated and not a Federal
Republic. Are we prepared, sir, for such a
State of things? I am sure that all the mem-
bers of the committee are not themselves fully
satisfied in reference to the soundness of this
section of the bill, and I am sure that I am
not by any means alone among Republican
members of this House in the views I have
taken of this provision of the bill. Nor do I
believe that it could be defended before the
country should it be enacted into a law.
Again, sir, the enormous discretionary power
hereby proposed to be given to the Chief Ex-
ecutive of the Government is another serious
objection, in my mind, to the bill before us;
and these objections do not arise from any
fear or apprehension on my part that this
power might be abused by the present Exec-
utive. While I might admit that he lias fallen
into some errors and committed some mis-
takes, and that his recent message, recom-
mending additional legislation at this time, is
one of them, which by imporiunity, I suspect
and believe he was induced to lay before Con-
gress, I have no sympathy with those who,
either in the house of his friends or in the
camp of his enemies, have so persistently and
unwarrantably labored to charge him with the
attributes of a usurper of authority and power
and as having perversely overridden the pro-
visions of the Constitution.
I believe, sir, that there is no American citi-
zen to-day more devoted to the Constitution,
or more fully imbued with the true spirit and
genius of our institutions, or more sincere in
his purposes to administer the Government in
the interests of the whole people. No iustinct
of his nature is in sympathy with -oppression
in any of its varied forms. But, sir, what we
do now in granting extraordinary powers will
become a precedent for the future. And should
such a dire calamity hereafter come upon this
country as the inauguration of a Democratic
President, with a Congress in sympathy with
him, pleading this action as a precedent, the
same discretionary powers may be granted,
and, on the occurrence even of some petty
strife, armed with almost unlimited preroga-
tives and not scrupulous in reference to the
abuse of power, he might enter into any State
of this Union, in the exercise of his own dis-
cretion, with the militia and the Army and
Navy at his control, declare martial law, and
put a yoke upon the necks of the very people
whom by this extraordinary means you now
propose to protect.
These, sir, are some of my objections to this
bill, and they press with such seriousness and
weight upon my mind that i cannot without
doing violence to my convictions of duty sup-
port it in its present form. But, sir, as we
have been moved reluctantly, and contrary to
the judgment of many of the ablest and best
men of our own party, upon this line of legis-
lation, I will support the bill if it can be so
amended as to remove from it all liabilities to
constitutional objection. I cannot, sir, with
my present convictions and my reverence for
the great charter of our liberties, consent to
drop into the habit, which I fear is beginning
to manifest itself in some minds, of treating
the Constitution as a mere expression of opin-
ion, to be suspended at pleasure, or modified
by acts of Congress on any emergency that
may arise.
And, after all, sir, whatever legislation we
may adopt, the full redemption of the South
must come from the southern people. If they
cannot learn from the sad experiences of suf-
fering arising from the disorders with which
they are afflicted, if they cannot see that their
own advancement in every substantial interest
is absolutely dependent upon law and order, I
cannot understand that frequent interpositions
on the part of the General Government will
avail them. To me it is the most unreason-
able supposition that these disorders can long
be tolerated even by the southern people them-
selves. Nothing is clearer than that the intel-
ligent and influential see that they cannot afford
to drive away capital and labor and discour-
age immigration.
Let the doors to places of honor and profit
be opened to all alike, without distinction, and
let whoever may, by his superior merits and
capabilities, rise to exercise authority, and ad-
minister justice among them. It must come
to that in the end, if these people are to he
happy and well governed, and the sooner the
better, as it seems to me. We must do them
justice and make haste slowly. Time is ike
cure-all for jealousies, prejudices, and heart-
burnings. It has already accomplished much
in this line; more, indeed, than the most
ardent dreamed of ten years ago.
A little more than ten years since a modest
man of African descent essayed to enter the
gallery at the other end of the Capitol and
look down upon the assembled wisdom in the
Chamber below, but he was rudely thrust back
as an impudent intruder, and nobody com-
