350 •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
I occupied before in answer to my honorable
friend from Kentucky. The evidence that I
submitted at that time in regard to the condi-
tion of Kentucky was chiefly founded upon his
own messages, corroborated by other evidence
it is true, but chiefly derived from his own
messages. I d6 not think my honorable friend
has succeeded in destroyingthe force and effact
of what he said to the Legislature of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg to say that I
never desired to destroy it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator admits that
the Legislature of Kentucky husdone nothing ;
that it has not carried out any of his recom-
mendations; but he gives us to understand
that tho Legislature of Kentucky would hare
acted if it had not been perhaps for the con-
duct of the Federal Government, or of some
officer of the Federal Government; that that
excited them and prevented them from taking
proper .action. I can only say that that is ac-
cording a very base motive to the Legislature
of Kentucky. It is to say that they are in-
spired by motives which are unworthy of any
party, that they refrained from doing what they
ought to have done because of something that
was said or done by some Federal officer.
Mr, STEVENSON. The Senator misap-
prehends me. I said the Legislature had failed
to carry out the recommendation made by
myself, which I had hoped they would carry
out; that I believed such failure was in part
attributable to the passion which had been
aroused, and which prevented that calm con-
sideration which would have led to- such
measures.
Mr, MORTON. Mr. President, the Legis-
lature of Kentucky has done nothing. The
character of the outrages and their frequency in
Kentucky were admitted there, were presented
to them by the Senator himself acting as Gov-
ernor, and especially by the great organ of the
Democratic party in that State, the Louisville
Courier-Journal; and I shall conclude what I
have to say to-day in answer to the Senator
by asking the Secretary to read an article from
the Louisville Courier-Journal of March 24,
which I think will do ample justice to the
Democratic party in the Legislature of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. THURMAN. Before that is read will
my friend from Indiana allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If these are Democratic
outrages, how comes it that the Democratic
Governor of Kentucky, the leading organ, as
the Senator calls it, of the Democratic press
in Kentucky, two Democratic judges in Ken-
tucky, and every other official who has spoken
in that State, have been as pronounced in
condemnation of the outrages as any man
could be?
Mr. MORTON. Is that the whole question?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I am not saying, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the failure to administer justice in
Kentucky is universal. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, while acting as Governor, did his duty
in presenting this matter fully to the Legisla-
ture. The two judges who have been referred
to, and whose charges have been read, did
their duty in presenting the matter to the
courts. One paper out of forty or fifty Dem-
ocratic papers iu Kentucky has done its duty
in presenting to the country a knowledge of
the facts of the case.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator say
that that is the only paper which has done it?
Mr. MORTON. It is the only one I know
of. There may be others; but I think it is
perhaps almost the only one. What I mean
to say is, that neither the Senator from Ken-
tucky, nor the editor of the Courier-Journal,
noj the two judges, constitute the Democratic
party of that State. They are very influential
and distinguished, it is true, in the party, but
they wholly failgd to control or direct or influ
ence the action of the party in 1 hat State. That
is admitted by the Senator from Kentucky him-
self. I atn not speaking of the action of par-
ticular individuals, but I am talking about the
conduct of the mass of that party. You cannot
hold the Republican party responsible for all
that two or three Senators may say on this
floor. That would be very unjust;. You cannot
give to the whole Democratic party the benefit
of what a few good men in the party may say,
especially when the mass of the party disre-
gard what they say. Now I will ask the Sec-
retary to read the extract I have sent up.
The Chief Clerk read as follows, from the
Louisville Courier-Journal of March 24, 1871:
"The Close of the Session.—The Kentucky Legisla-
ture has adjourned at last. It eked out its exist-
ence as long as it was able, and died reluctantly.
No ono mourns it but itself. Whilst it lived it was
regarded as incapable. Now that it is dead, it will be
remembered only as the weakest Assembly that was
ever elected in the State. Its conduct throughout
was whimsical and inconsistent. Its characteristic
&ecms to have been champagne and cigars. Alter-
nately stuffed with vanity and spleen, and oysters
and grog, it grew arrogant and fat. It affected
statesmanship and good dinners. It had amazing
talent tor idleness, frivolity, and supercilious con-
ceit. It may be described, in brief, as a great sham
and humbug, squandering the money of the State,
sacrificing the interest of its constituents, pamper-
ing its appetites, and fabricating campaign material
for the use of the Radicals. The record it leaves
behind it is simply disgraceful. Kentucky is well
rid of it. The Democratic people rejoice that it is
no more. May wo never sec its like again.
"We write these words in sorrow, not in anger.
They aro true words. They express public opinion.
No man will deny them; but, lest they should bo
charged with exaggeration or malice, it may not be
amiss to support them with a few details illustrative
of the general picture they convey. Invective con-
leases itself powerless. The career of this Legisla-
ture is a withering invective.
" Take its action on any ono of the leading ques-
tions that came before it—the Cincinnati railroad
bill, the Ku Klux bill, the conventional interest
bill, the negro testimony bill—and we have nothing
but a weary chronicle of purposeless imbecility and
pretentious display.
" It came to Louisville to be wined and dined, and
there was an orgy at the Gait House. It went to
Cincinnati to be stuffed and swilled, and there was
an orgy there. Then it went back to Frankfort,
where it was suffused with liquor and tobacco. It
beat the Cincinnati bill. It passed the Cincinnati
bill. Then, having paid Us debt, it finally killed it
outright, the house, which had voted both ways,
leaving the senate to finish the job. Everybody
about the Capital Hotel knows that the lobbying
was shocking to dccency. Everybody in Frankfort
can bo r witness to the low moral standard that
prevailed while Louisville and Cincinnati furnished
plenty of food and drink, and kept the situation
warm and lively on secfet-sorvice luxuries. People
may laugh at ail this. But it was no laughing mat-
ter. It was merely corruption considerably drunk
and hilarious. That is all.
"We need not speak of its vacillation as to n^gro
testimony. Reason has long ago exhausted the ar-
gument on that subject. But what shall we say of
its treatment of the Ku Klux bill ? It piddled from
first to last, and dared not act. Its timidity served
to encourage violence, which increased its audac-
ity. Outlawry wont on unchallenged under its very
elbow. It paid no attention to the North Benson
affair, which rang over all the country. It did not
so much as rebuke the raid upon Frankfort. But it
was quick to revenge itself on an anonymous cor-
respondent of a weak and unintiuential newspaper
who had offended its dignity.
" In the mattei of the Ku Klux we see how its non-
action ha5! embarrassed us at Washington. Our Sen-
ators and Representatives are weaponless. They can
say nothing. The Legislature has put the weapons
in the hands of the enemy. When Mr. Sherman
taunts us with having done nothing, and bases his
argument in favor of Federal interference on the
fact that we have done nothing, we are dumb. The
idle gabble that tbe KuKlux are all Radicals in
disguise is even weaker than the silly platitude that
there is no such thing as the Ku Klux at all. If tho
Ku Klux are Radicals, the more reason to put them
down. If there is no such order, there is outlawry
which calls for extraordinary appliances. These
appliances our Governor recommended. The press
urged tb em. But the Legislature stood with a cigar
in its mouth and a champagne glass in its hand, and
would do nothing.
" Who will contradict this? We state only facts,
and regretfully. The Legislature is dead. It can
heed us no longer. It doesn't care what we say. It
has had its day. But we remain and have to hold
the bag. We entreated it to fill that bag with sound
Democratic measures. Wo entreated it to give us
arguments with which wo might go to the people.
But it refused. It tossed us the bag to hold, and we
find it filled only with empty wine bottles and cigar
stumps.
"Take conventional interest. The Legislature
passed that. But it did not pass it until it had
rejected it a time or two. The bill was dead. No
one had any hopes of it. What was done ? Why, a
meeting of merchants was held at the Board of Trade
in this city; $800 was subscribed; this sum was in-
vested in champagne and cigars. J.t was enough.
Next week conventional interest became a law. It
is hard to write these things. But they are public.
They are well known. They are as familiar on Main
street as household words. There is a way to correct
all thia, and the people can do it. They should call
each one of their representatives to a strict account-
ability. They should inspect the record. They should
scan each vote.
"If we have said anything that is false or mali-
cious, if our remarks fail to apply to any particular
member, let him acquit himsell. The record is down
in black and white. No man can go back of that.
Our soleobject isgoodOeraocratic government. We
care nothing about the individual particles that
makeup this government. We have no personal
ill will toward the Legislature. On the contrary, we
have sincere personal regard for many of its mem-
bers. There are many of them who have done their
duty, and they will beable to prove that. They will
admit what we have said; and, let us hope, that it
will not be said in vain, but that the people will
take the matter in hand this summer, and make it
count for something in the selection of members to
tho next Assembly/'
Mr. MORTON. This is a Democratic pho-
tograph of a Democratic Legislature and of
the condition of the State of Kentucky. This
is all I have to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
' Mr. POOL rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator from
North Carolina desire the floor ?
Mr. POOL. I desire to be heard on this
question somewhat at length, but I do not wish
to go on to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senatorfrom
North Carolina will take the floor and that
then we shall go into executive session.
Mr. POOL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina has the floor on the
resolution of the Senator from Ohio.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now make my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
After fifteen minutes spent in executive ses-
sion, the doors were reopened, and (at four
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 30. 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
sutito tunnel.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask the indulgence of
the House to take from the Speaker's table
a*id put upon its passage the bill (S. No. 220)
authorizing the President to appoint commis-
sioners to examine and report upon the Sutro
tunnel in the State of Nevada.
Mr. McGREW. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from West Virginia [Mr. McGrew] will not
object to that. Let the bill be read.
Mr. McGREW. I withdraw my objection
for the present.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
bill, after which the Chair will receive objec-
tions, if any.
The bill was read as follows :
Be it enacted, &e„ That the Presidentof the United
States is hereby authorized and requested to appoint
a board of three commissioners, two of whom shall
be officers of engineers of the Army and one a mining
or civil engineer, to examine and report upon the
Sutro tunnel, in the State of Nevada, authorized to
be constructed by an act of Congress approved July
25, 1866, with special reference to the importance,
feasibility, cost, and time required to construct the
same ; tbe value of the bullion extracted from tho
mines of the Comstock lode, their present and prob-
able future production; also, the geological and prac-
tical value of said tunnel as an exploring work, and
its general bearing upon our mining and other
national interests in ascertainingthe practicability
of deep mining.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
