1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
from the Speaker's table, read three times, and
Mr. KENDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
mo^gd that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert moir and company.
Mr. HAWLEY, I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 28) for the relief of Robert
Moir & Co., with a Senate amendment, sim-
ply changing it from a joint resolution to a
bill. I ask that the Senate amendment be
^ concurred in.
The SPEAKER. Thisjoint resolution comes
back from the Senate amended so as to make
it a bill. Is there objection to concurring in
this change ?
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution (EL R. No. 28) was changed to a bill
(H. R. No. 321.)
phffibe sofield.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table and
put on its passage the bill (S. No. 296) grant-
ing a pension to Phoebe Sofield, widow of Lewis
Sofield.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Let me give a
word of explanation. The bill proposes to
give this person a pension from the time she
became one hundred years old. She is the
widow of a revolutionary soldier. I hope
there will be no objection.
The bill was read for information. It author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Phoebe Sofield, the widow of Lewis
Sofield, a soldier in the war of the Revolution,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars a month from the 5th of June, 1867,
when she became one hundred years of age.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. She is now one
hundred and four years old.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that statement, lean-
not object.
There being no further objection, the bill
was taken from the Speaker's table, read three
times, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judicial districts in virginia.
Mr. TERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table and put on its
passage a bill from the Senate to amend the
act dividing the district of Virginia into two
judicial districts.
Mr. McGREW. I call for the regular order.
Mr. TERRY. It is of great importance that
this bill should pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must insist on the reg-
ular order.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
nine minutes past twelve o'clock. The first
business in order is the consideration of House
bill No. 320, to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes,
upon which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, the struggle
between the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] and those who differed with him
and counseled moderation is over ; and while
I, living in Kentucky, am gratified at the defeat
of his nefarious bill, which singled out and
devoted to vengeance my State and the other
States of the South, I am not sure that the
proposed measure, but for the general alarm it
will create, is not more disgraceful than even
that of General Butler. It is well, however,
that the agony is ended ; we now know what
.we have to meet.
After along and painful incubation the presi-
dential bantling has at last been hatched, and
while some frightful monster was expected, I
doubt whether anybody was prepared for such
a cormorant as this. States and people, their
rights, privileges, and immunities, are, unless
its neck is wrung now, to be swallowed and
absorbed in its capacious and omuiverous ctaw.
The President, Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, with his lines of cannon and
bristling bayonets, will alone remain of all that
has heretofore been considered respectable and
respected in the great Republic. I?ourth of
July orators will no longer be allowed to throw
a halo of glory around the names of Jefferson,
Adams, and the heretofore (so called) immortal
framers of the Declaration of Independence.
They and their antiquated document, which
fulminated anathemas against George III as a
tyrant unfit to rule a free people, because of his
gross usurpations, in this, among other things,
that— .
" He has kept among us, in times of peace, stand-
ing armies, without the consent of our Legislature.
"He has ailected to ronder the military independ-
ent of and superior to the civil power."
" For depriving us, in many cases, of the benefits
of trial by jury."
" For suspending our own Legislatures, and declar-
ing themselves invested with power to legislate for
us in all cases whatsoever,"
will be denounced as copperheads, rebels,
and traitors, and that instrument will, if not
treated with more disrespect, be rolled up and
thrown away, along with such rubbish as the
Constitution of the United States.
I will not, after the exhaustive arguments
of the gentlemen of the committee on this
side of the House who have preceded me,
attempt an analysis of the provisions of the
bill. 1 would only weary the House by repeti-
tion should I attempt it; their legal and con-
stitutional arguments have not been and can-
not be answered. I prefer to present to the
House and the country, after a brief review of
its provisions, my views of the reasons which
impelled this legislation, which are very far
from being those which are avowed or which
appear on the surface. Words are only regarded
by the Radical managers as useful to conceal
ideas, and specious pretexts are never wanting
to hide the real purposes of the leaders of the
majority dominant here. A man is not con-
sidered fit to be a great leader until he can
come up to the full measure of Macauley's
description of the Italian statesman, which I
propose to read, and see how far the picture
is realized in the proposed legislation:
"The character of the Italian [substitute 'Radi-
cal ' and the picture is complete] statesman seems at
first sight a collection of contradictions." *
* * " We see a man whose thoughts and words
have no connection with each other, who never hes-
itates at an oath when he wishes to seduce ; who
never wants a pretest when he isinclined to betray.
His cruelties spring, not from the heat of blood, or
the insanity of uncontrolled power, but from deep
and cool meditation. His passions, like well-trained
troops, are impetuous by rule, and in their most
headstrong fury never forget the discipline to which
they have been accustomed. Ills whole soul is
occupied with vast and complicated schemes of
ambition; yet his aspect and language exhibit
nothing but philosophical moderation. Hatred and
revenge eat into his heart; yet every look is a cor-
dial smile, every gesture a familiar caress. He
never excites the suspicion of his adversaries by
petty provocations. His purpose is diclosed only
when it is accomplished, liis face is unruffled, his
speech is courteous, till vigilance is laid asleep, till
a vital point is exposed, till a sure aim is taken,
and then he strikes for the first and last time."
lie shuns danger, not because he is insensible to
shame, but because in the society in which he lives
timidity has ceased to be shameful._ To do an injury
openly is, in his estimation, as wicked as to do it
secretly, and far less profitable. With him the most
honqrable means are the surest, the speediest, and
the darkest, He cannot comprehend how a man
should scruple to deceive him whom he does not
sciuple to destroy. He would think it madness to
declare open hostilities against a rival whom he
might stab in a friendly embrace or poison in a con-
secrated wafer."
Sir, this bill, so full of malignity, hate, and
vengeance against all the men of the South
who do not bow down in abject submission
and worship at the Radical shrine, is put forth
as if in a benign, loving, God-fearing spirit to
protect loyal men, especially loyal blacks, who,
according tq the false assumptions on the other
side are being murdered, whipped, and driven
from their homes because of their devotion to
RepubKcan principles, Stripped of its disguises
and its false pretenses, it is simply a hill to
overthrow what remains of republican liberty
and law in these once united coequal States,
and to substitute in its stead a centralized, con-
solidated military despotism, with the Presi-
dent as dictator, law maker, and judge. Little
wonder the President, doubtless advised'' of
what was coming, took such pains in a special
message a few weeks ago to laud in extrava-
gant terms the Prussian form of government,
and to perceive such striking resemblances be-
tween that and our own. If the bill passes,
William of Prussia will have to demand an
increase of his power if he expects to rank in
absolute authority with the President of the
model Republic. No monarch in Europe, un-
less it be the Czar of Russia, possesses the
power over his subjects that the President will
have over this people. Section three of the
bill reads thus :
Sec. 3. That in all cases where insurrection, do-
mestic violence, unlawful combinations, or conspir-
acies in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws thereof as to deprive any por-
tion or class of the peopleofsuch State of any ofthe
rights, privileges, orimmunitiesnamedinandseoured
by this act, and the constituted authorities of such
State shall either be unable to or shall from any
cause fail in or refuse protection of the people in
such rights, and shall fail, or neglect, through the
proper authorities, to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts shall
be deemed a denial by such State of the eQual pro-
tection of the laws to which they are entitled under
the fourteenth article of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United Status; and in all such eases it
shall bo lawful for the President, and it shall be his
duty, to take such measures, by the employment of
the militia or the land and naval forccs of the Uni-
ted States, or of either, or by other means, as he may
deem necessary for thesuppression of such insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, or combinations ; and any
person who shall be arrested underthe provisions of
this and the preceding section shall be delivered to
the marshal of the proper district, to be dealt with
according to law.
Under this section, if Kirk and Bergen, or
any other of the delectable patriots who have
rendered the Government such eminent ser-
vices by hanging, torturing, and extorting
confessions from the citizens of North Caro-
lina, could be procured to invade any Demo-
cratic State and burn some negro's cabin, put
him even in a mild form through some of
the discipline to which the best citizens of
North Carolina were subjected last summer,
or deprive him of any right, privilege, or im-
munity, and make their escape, so that the
State authorities should fail or be unable, no
matter what exertions they made, to bring the
offenders to justice, then it shall be the duty
of the President of the United States, as it
will doubtless be his pleasure, to call out the
militia, where the militia are reliable—we all
know by recent experience in Arkansas what
that means—as well as the Army and Navy, or
use "any other means" he may deem neces-
sary for the suppression of such combina-
tions, &c.
Queen Victoria's crown would not be on her
head a week, William of Prussia would be
dethroned by bis own soldiery, if either of
'.hem attempted to exercise such powers on
such pretexts as are here granted and will be
exercised in the States politically opposed to
the dominant party. Already, in anticipation
of the state of case here provided for, two
regiments have been withdrawn from the west-
ern frontier, where complaint is constantly made
that protection is not now sufficiently afforded
to the pioneer settlers against hostile and ma-
rauding Indians, and stationed at Louisville,
Kentucky, where, but for political purposes,
they are not half as much needed as they are
at Boston or in this capital. If no better man
can be found, and I am sorry to say the mate-
rial is ample, Ber"|en will decline his mission
