352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
to Pernambuco, which has been tendered him
as a reward for meritorious services in North
Carolina, and, joining with Kirk or some equally
distinguished patriot, furnish plenty of excuses
for the use of the militia, the Army, or the
other means deemed necessary to bring the
proscribed States in abject suppliance to the
feet of the President, while all complaints and
remonstrances will be silenced by the "let us
have peace," which did more that all else to
make simple-minded people believe that he
really meant, what he said.
The man does not live who can be safely
intrusted with such power, under such tempt-
ations; the people are not fit to be free who
would consent to confer it, and the Represent-
ative on this floor who undertakes to thus rob
his people and his State of all their rights,
privileges and liberty, and make them serfs
and suppliants at the feet of the President,
will bring disgrace and maledictions upon
his head and the heads of his children from
the people whose trusts he has betrayed,
whose liberties he has trampled under foot, in
open defiance of the solemn obligations he
took when he raised his hand to heaven and
called upon his God so to help him, as he
maintained and supported the Constitution of
liis country, and the rights of the people under
it. I cannot realize that party servility can
be carried to such an extent as the support
of this bill requires. I am a party man ; I be-
lieve in party organizations ; but I would rather
that my right hand should wither and my
tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth than
that I should by act or vole thus betray my
people, and make them the minions and serfs
of any man upon earth.
Sir, what is left to I he people when this power
is conferred on the President? Under this bill
he is the judge of the necessity and of the means
and measures of redress; he is law-maker,
judge, and Executive: all power and authority
are centered in him. What is that but despot-
ism? He is not, responsible to any tribunal;
he is to act on his own judgment, and select
his own means of executing whatever he de-
termines on. I do not say that lie will create
disturbances for the purpose of getting an ex-
cuse to cjuell them by the use of such means
as he chooses; but the power is given to him
to do so. The Czar of Russia is not more abso-
lute. 1 listened carefully to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sheixabarqer] when he tried to
find some warrant of authority for the third
and fourth sections of his bill, as each are links
of the chain which are to bind the States and
people to the chariot-wheels of the Executive.
And after reading section four, as follows :
Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State tho unlawful combination:! named in the pro-
ceding section of this act shall be organised and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to bo ablo,
l y violence, to cither overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authentic* oi such Stnto, or when
the constituted authorities ;iro in complicity with
or shall connivo at tho unlawful purposes of such
powerful and armed combinations: and whenever,
by reason of cither or nl! of the causes aforesaid,
the conviction of such offenders and the preserva-
tion of the public safety shall become in such district
impracticable, in every such case such combinations
shall be deemed a rebellion against the (xovcrnment
of the Hnifced States, and darinjr I ho continnaneo of
such rebellion, and within tho limits of the district
wiiich shall be so under thesway thereof, such limits
to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful
for the President of tho United States, when, in his
judgment, tho public satoty shall require it, to sus-
pend the privileges of the writ of habeas corpun, and
to declare find enforce, subject, to the Rules and
Articles of War, and other laws of the United States
now in force applicable in caso of rebellion, martial
law, to the end that such rebellion may bo over-
thrown : Provi'if.d, That tho President shall first have
raado proclamation, as now provided by law, com-
manding such insurgents to disperse: And provided
nho. That the provisions of this section shall not be
in force after the 1st day of June, A. I). 1872—
lie announced, with an air of triumph and in
tones which he meant should carry conviction
to all who heard him, that ail the provisions in
these sections were fully sustained and approved
by the Supreme Court of the United States in
thtt Miiligan case, reported in 4 Wallace. I
turned to that case, and, so far from supporting
or in any way sanctioning the provisions of
these sections, it is a withering rebuke to all
who, even in time of war, dare thus to subord-
inate the civil to the military power, establish
martial law, or deprive any citizen of the safe-
guards thrown around him by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. The audacity of the
reference was based either upon the assump-
tion of the gross ignorance of members or the
belief that his word would go further with his
party than any assertion which might be made
in contradiction of it. To avoid that I will
read what the court say:
"Tho Constitution of the United States is alaw for
rulers and people equally in war and in peace, and
covers with the shield of its protection all classes of
men at all times and under all circumstances."
"Tho proposition is this: that in a time of war
the commander of an armed forco, if in his opinion
the exigencies of the country demand it, and of
which ho is to judge, has the power, within the lines
of his military district, to suspend all civil rights
and their remedies, and subject citizens as well as
soldiers to the rule of his will, and in the exercise
of his lawful authority cannot be restrained, except
by his superior officer or tho President of the Uni-
ted States. If this position is sound to the extent
claimed, then when war exists, foreign or domestic,
and thecountry is sub-divided into military depart-
ments for mere convenience, tho commander of one
of them can, if liechooaes, within his limits, on the
plea of necessity, with the approval of the Execu-
tive, substitute military force for and to tho exclu-
sion of thelaws, and punish all persons, as he thinks
right and proper, without fixed or certain rules."
" Tho statement of this proposition shows its im-
portance ; for, if true, republican government is a
failure, and there is an end of liberty regulated by
law. Martial law, established on such a basis, de-
stroys every guarantee of tho Constitution, and
effectually renders tho military independent of and
superior to the civii power, the attempt, to do which
by the king of Great Britain was deemed by our
fathers such an offense that they assigned it to the
world as one of the causes which impelled thein to
dcclaro their independence. Civil liberty and this
kind of martial law cannot endure together. The
antagonism is irreconcilable, and in the conflict ono
or the other must perish.
"But it is insisted that the safety of tho country
in tiino of war demands that tho broad claim for
martial law shall be sustained. If this were truo it
could bo well said that a country preserved at the
sacrifieo of all tho cardinal principles of liberty is
not worth the cost of preservation. Happily it is
not so.
" Martial rulo can never exist where the courts are
open and in proper nnd unobstructed exerciso of
thoir jurisdiction. It is also confined to the locality
of actual war,
"Prom tho first year of the reign of Edward III,
when tho Parliament of England reversed the
attainder of tho B.irl of Lancaster, becauso ho
could have boen tried by tho courts ot tho realm, and
doclared ' that in time of peace no'man ought to bo
adjudged to death for treason or any other offense
without being arraigned and held to answer, and
that regularly when the king's courts are open it is
time ot peace in judgment a, nd law, 'down to the pres-
ent day, martial law. as claimed in this ease, has been
condemned by all respectable English jurists as con-
trary to tho fundamental laws of the land, and sub-
versive of the liberty of the subject."—Supreme
Court incase of Milligan,
I put it to members on all sides of this Hall
whether a more emphatic condemnation of all
the principles and provisions of these sections
could have been pronounced by the court, if
it had been passing specially upon them ; and
whether the assumption that the Milligan decis-
ion sustains this bill is not flatly and posi-
tively contradicted by the language I have read.
I can add nothing to its force by repetition or
variation of the form of expression. The state-
ment exhausts the argument. If in the better
days of the Republic a Representative in Con-
gress had dared to introduce or support a meas-
ure authorizing the President, whenever he saw
fit, to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, declare
martial law, try, condemn, and harg citizens by
drum-head court martials "organized to con-
vict," and composed of the President's sub-
alterns, who, it may be, never opened a law-
book and never heard of Magna Charta or the
Bill of Rights, as this bill proposes, he would
never have returned to his constituents; indeed,
he could not have lived in the country. He
would have beenKu Kluxed. Ifthere is either
virtue or love of liberty left, if the people have
not become so debased and degraded that they
are willing to wear the collar of their master,
110 man who votes for this bill willeversitagain
as a Representative in this Hall, and he never
ought to.
But further, the fourth section is an attempt
to confer authority on the President, when-
ever he thinks occasion requires it, to declare
war on any State or people he may see fit,
not only for no offense against the Constitution
and laws of the United States, but because the
authorities of the State have been unable to
enforce the laws of the State against men
who have combined to violate the State laws
only. Can a more monstrous proposition be
imagined? Under the Constitution Congress
alone can declare war or suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. The power cannot be dele-
gated to the President or anybody else. The
people have a right to have the action of their
Representatives, under all their responsibili- #
ties, acting on the existing facts; and there is
no warrant anywhere for the transfer of that
authority to the President to act on such facts
as may arise hereafter, and may, in his inter-
ested judgment, authorize him to carry out
the delegated authority. If Congress can thus
shift the responsibility, it can confer it on the
Chief Justice, the General of the Army, or an
executive committee sitting during recess, or'
on any man or set of men it pleases, and the
carefully guarded provisions of the Constitu-
tion may thus be set at naught.
Scarcely less frightful or less fatal to liberty
are the provisions of the first and fecond sec-
tions, which undertake to transfer to the Federal
courts all mere questions of personal difficulty
or personal rights between citizens of the same
State, making simple assault and battery by
two or more persons on others in the same town,
village, or neighborhood a felony punishable by
fine of $10,000 and imprisonment for ten years,
if the Federal judge in his discretion sees fit to
impose such punishment. Enact these provis-
ion§, and local State government is at an end;
the States may as well make bonfires of their
statutes-books and barracks of their court-
houses, for their laws will be a mockery and
their courts a farce. The smallest modicum
of common sense would seem to me sufficient
to enable any member to see the insane folly
of conferring such jurisdiction on the Federal
courts, even if the power to do so existed.
With only one Federal court in some of our
largest States, how could justice be adminis-
tered, often five hundred miles from the venue,
" without sale, denial, or delay?"
What conqueror even, either in ancient or
modern times, ever destroyed the local tribu-
nals and laws of their provinces? No Roman
proconsul ever ventured to do it, no monarch
in modern times ever thought of it; that
supremest of supreme folly is reserved for
the (so called) Representatives of the greatest,
freest, and most enlightened Republic on earth.
Gentlemen will pardon me for again referring
to the Constitution. My only apology is you
have all sworn to support it.
The judicial power of the United States
granted m the Constitution to this Government
is defined by and limited in the third article.
The first section declares that "the judicial
power of the United States shall be invested in
one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts
as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish." There is no other way in
which the judicial power can be exercised. It
cannot be delegated to a star-chamber, a high
commission, or a board of military officers, nor
to any other special tribunal improvised for
the conviction of particular individuals. All
power to hear, decide, and adjudicate in civil
or criminal cases is confined to the ordained
and established courts; which I beg you to re-
member, especially when you are authorizing
the President to try men by drum-head court-
martial, or punish them, if the militia and
the Army and Navy do not do it sufficiently,
"by such other means as he may deem
necessary. "
1 suppose every lawyer will admit that the
judicial power of the United States must always
be coextensive with its legislative authority. A
law of Congress which could not be enforced in
