1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
sion, as provided by the Constitution. But
the " constituted authorities" who fail to so
administer the law as to afford protection—they
may be something less than State authorities.
The logic is complete. The section means
that, and nothing else.
And what is the President to do with his
Army and Navy? Aid the civil authorities
of the State ? Not a bit of it; for the section
provides that he shall turn over all persons
arrested "to the marshal of the proper dis-
trict for trial;" thus transferring the prison-
ers and causes to the United States courts and
ousting the State authorities of all jurisdiction
or responsibility in the matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the history of this four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States. Let us see what was under-
stood to be its meaning at the time of its adop-
tion by Congress, for it is the first section of
that amendment which is relied on by the
advocates of this bill as its authority.
I will premise by calling the attention of
the House to an amendment which was re-
ported by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] who is to follow me, and who was then
a member of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, February 26, 1866, which preceded the
reporting of the fourteenth amendment. That
amendment is in this language:
"Article— . The Congress shall have power to
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
to securc to the citizens of each State all privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States,
and to all persons in the several States equal pro-
tection in the rights of life, liberty, and property."
Mark you, Mr. Speaker, that amendment
was first reported by the Committee on Recon-
struction, February, 1866. What was the fate
of that amendment? The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says that it was incor-
porated in the fourteenth amendment. By no
means. This, it will be observed, confers power
directly upon Congress to legislate on this
subject.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. So does the fifth
section of the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us see; we will
come to that. This is what Mr. Bingham said
about that amendment at the time 
Mr. BINGHAM. What page?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Page 1034. This
is what he said:
" Every wordof the proposed amendment is to-day
in the Constitution of our country, save the words
conferring the express grant of power upon the Con-
gress of the United States."
The gentleman from Ohio is an able consti-
tutional lawyer. He goes on:
" The residue of the resolution, as the House will
see by a reference to the Constitution, is the lan-
guage of the second section of the fourth article, and
of a portion of the fifth amendment adopted by the
First Congress in 1789, and made part of the Consti-
tution of the country. The language of the second
section of the fourth article is:
" ' Thecitizensof each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States.'
"The fifth article of the amendment provides that—
"' No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law.'
"Sir, it has been the want of the Republic that
there was not an express grant of power in the Con-
stitution to enable the whole people of every State,
by congressional enactment, to enforce obedience
to these requirements of the Constitution."
What was the fate of that amendment? It
was postponed a day or two and ordered to be
printed. Then it came up for debate. Butfew
speeches were made on it, and nearly all of
them against it. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] who addressed the House
the other day favored it, taking the bull by the
horns then, as now, in favor of the largest pos-
sible constitutional powers. He said:
" In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I repeat that I hold
that all the power, this amendment will give is
already in the Constitution. I admit that it has lain
dormant"—
Whatever a "dormant" power is. Judge
Hale, a very able lawyer from New York, said:
"What is the effect of the amendment which the
Committee on Reconstruction propose for the sanc-
tion of this House and the States of the Union? I
submit that it is in effect aprovision under which all
State legislation, in its codes of civil and criminal
jurisprudence and procedure, affecting the individ-
ual citizen, may be overriden, may be repealed or
abolished, and the law of Congie&s established in-
stead. I maintain that in this respect it is an utter
departure from every principle ever dreamed of by
the men who framed our Constitution."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. He was a mild
Republican.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Stewart, of
Nevada, in the Senate, in reference to that
amendment, incidentally—it was not acted on
in the Senate at all—used this language :
" There is another proposition of the committee
of fifteen, which, if passed, will obviate the necessity
of passing this, and obviate the necessity of any
further constitutional amendment, and I think obvi-
ate the necessity of any more State Legislatures or
conventions.
Judge Davis, a Republican member of this
House from New York, said :
"Now, sir, the distinguishing feature in our Gor-
ernment is this: the Federal Government has its
peculiar and restrictive duties. It is a Government
of limited power and authority, extending over the
whole country, providing for general and national
interests; and in everything relating to the affairs
which pertain to the Union that Government is
supreme; but withvn that jurisdiction are erected
many different States bound to allegiance to the
Federal Government in all matters pertaining to
the Union, yet in respect of social arrangement, in
respect of the rights of property and control of per-
sons, are entirely independent. And it is this fea-
ture whieh has given greater security and greater
liberty to this country than was ever conferred
before by any system of government which human
wisdom has devised."
Senator Conkling, then a member of this
House and a member of the Committee on
Reconstruction, used this language:
" Mr. Speaker, I have not sought the floor for the
furpose of discussing the merits of this amendment.
t was introduced several weeks ago and considered
in the committee of fifteen. At that time and always
I felt constrained to withhold from it my support as
one of the committee; and when the consent, of the
committee was given to its being reported I did not
concur in the repoit. So much I deem it fair and
right to say."
Mr, Hotchkiss, of New York, another mem-
ber, and who was a member of the last Con-
gress, says:
" I understand the amendment, as now proposed,
by its terms to authorize Congress to establish uni-
form laws throughout the United States upon the
subject named—the protection of lite, liberty, and
property. I am unwilling that Congress shall have
any such power. Congress already has the power to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization and uni-
form laws upon the subject of bankruptcy. That is
as far as I am willing that Congress shall go. The
object of a Constitution is not only to confer power
upon the majority, but to restrict the power of the
majority and to protect the rights of the minority.
It is not indulging in imagination to any great,
stretch to suppose that we may have a Congress
here who would establish such rules in my State as
I should be unwilling to be governed by. Should the
power of this Government, as the gentleman from
Ohio fears, pass into the hands ot the rebels, I do not
want rebel laws to govern and be uniform through-
out this Union."
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
who reported that bill made a speech in advo-
cacy of it. In that speech he quoted this from
James Madison:
"The powers reserved to the Federal States will
extend to all the objects whieh, in the ordinary
course of affairs, concern the lives, linerties, and
properties of the people, and the internal order, im-
provement, and prosperity of the State."
He quoted this for the purpose of showing
that there is no power in the Federal Consti-
tution to legislate except where the express
power is conferred upon Congress. He quoted
from Madison to show that Congress had no
power to legislate in the matter, and for that
reason the committee reported that article of
amendment. A motion was made by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldmdge] to lay
the resolution on the t'able, which was voted
down—every Republican, I believe, voting
against laying it on the table by a general
understanding; Mr. Conkling, Mr. Hale, Mr.
Davis, and Mr. Hotchkiss with the rest. But
then, by the concerted action of the Repub-
licans, it was given its quietus by a postpone- i
ment for two months, where it slept the sleep
that knows no waking. It was postponed
until the second Tuesday of April. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] knows what
that meant.
Mr. BINGHAM. I made the motion my-
self to postpone and make it an order for that
day, but I did not choose to call it up.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; the gentleman
never called it up. And thus ended that at-
tempt to give to Congress the power which is
claimed for it by this bill.
Mr, BINGHAM. Because I put it in an-
other form; and I am prepared to demonstrate
to the House and to the country that it is in a
better form now than it was then.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why was it put in
another form? Did the gentleman put it in
another form to deceive somebody?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I shall show why
it was put in another form.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was abandoned
and a different amendment substituted, differ-
ent in form and substance, and so understood
by Congress, as I will show. On the 30th of
April, 1866, Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
chairman of the Committee on Reconstruction,
reported the fourteenth amendment, but not in
the shape in which it passed finally.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Everything was
there except the "citizens" clause of the first
section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment
was adopted by the House as reported; the
additional declaration of citizenship in the
first section, and other changes, were made in
the Senate. I shall show what Mr. Stevens
said in reporting it. But, before coming to
that, I may state that the amendment as he
reported it contained five sections, the third
of which provided that the rebels should be
disfranchised until 1870. That was changed
afterward in the Senate to its present shape.
It was ordered to be printed, and was then
postponed until May 8, when Mr. Stevens
called it up. And this is what he said :
" The first section prohibits the States from abridg-
ing the privileges and immunities of citizen;' of the
United States, or unlawfully depriving them of life,
liberty, or property, or of denying to any person
within their jurisdiction the'equal' protection of
the laws.
"lean hardlybelieve that any person can befound
who will not admit that every one of these provis-
ions is just. They are all asserted, in somo form or
other, in our declaration or organic law. But the
Constitution limits only the action of Congress, and
is not a limitation on the States. This amendment
supplies that defect, and allows Congress to cor-
rect"—
Mark the words—
" allows Congress to correct the unjust legislation
of a State, so far as the law which operates upon one
man shall operate equally upon all."
To correct unjust, discriminating, partial
legislation so that the law shall be equal. Was
he a mild Republican, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, Mr. Stevens? I never supposed
that he had it in a very mild form. " What-
ever law punishes a white man for crime shall
punish a black man precisely in the same way
and to the same degree;" that is, the law shall
do so. Whatever law protects the one shall
protect the other, and the same redress shall
be afforded by law to one as to the other.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There the gen-
tleman gets at fault.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. "Whatever law
allows the white man to testify in court shall
allow the man of color to do the same."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Read that just
as Mr. Stevens said it.
