116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31;
Ho. of Beps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Farnsivorth.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am reading it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. You put in two
words.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did, yes. The
gentl eman is very captious ; he certainly stands
upon slippery ground if he needs to be so
technical.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Read just what
m ssfovonq onin
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not every man
in the House know that Mr. Stevens is talking
about the law of the State, not the adminis-
tration of the law? This is what he says:
"That the law which allows a white man to
testify shall allow a black man also."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Stevens said
that every man should have equal means of
protection, and if my friend says the admin-
istration of the law is not the means of pro-
tection 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is what he
says: " Whatever law protects the white man
shall afford 'equal' protection to the black
man. Whatever means of redress." What
does he mean by " means of redress?"
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Execution of the
laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friend is a very
able lawyer; why is he so technical? Mr.
Stevens is speaking of the means of redress
afforded by the law, not by the justice of the
peace, or the constable, or the jury. Not that
all officers and juries shall have equal intelli-
gence or all be of one color.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. By the adminis-
tration of the law also.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I quote further:
"These are great advantages over their present
codes. Now. different degrees of punishment are
inflicted,, not on account of the magnitude of the
crime, but aecordingxo the color of the skin. Now
color disqualifies a man from testifying in courts, or
being tried in the same way as white men. I need
not enumerate these partial and oppressive Iaw i"
Why, sir, we all know, and especially those
of us who were members of Congress at that
time, that the reason for the adoption of this
amendment was because of the partial, dis-
criminating, and unjust legislation of those
States under governments set up by Andrew
Johnson, by which they were punishing and
oppressing one class of men under different
laws from another class.
That is pretty much all Mr. Stevens said
upon that section. He passes on and lays
great stress upon the disfranchising clause of
the amendment. He reported it so as to dis-
franchise everybody engaged in the rebellion
until 1870; and then to allow everybody to
vote and to hold office.
Bat other gentlemen discussed it; among
others, Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts. I will not
stop to read what he says, but I will only refer
to his remarks. It was to the same general
tenor the unjust and discriminating legisla-
tion of those States ; never claiming that this
provision thus reported to the House gave
any power to Congress to legislate except to
correct this unjust legislation of the States.
I took a little part myself in that discus-
sion ; saying very little about that section,
but complaining of the third section, which
disfranchised everybody until 1870, as being
unjust, impolitic, and difficult to execute. The
gentleman from Massachusetts near me, [Mr.
Dawes,] took the same ground substantially,
only that he presented it more ably. I took
ground that we did not go so far at that time
as we ought to have gone; that we ought to
adopt an amendment which should confer the
franchise upon the black people of the United
States, but which Congress had not then come
quite u,p to the mark of doing. Bat I said I was
willing to do what I could ; that I would vote
for what I oould get, though it was not all that
I wanted.
The House failed to vote down the previous
question by a close vote ; and the previous
question being seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered, the Republicans on this floor all
voted for the amendment as it was reported,
and it went to the Senate. However, before
I-refer to that I will quote again from the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] upon this
amendment as it was finally reported. He says,
after quoting the amendment as reported :
"The necessity for the first section of this amend-
ment to the Constitution, Mr. Speaker, is one of the
lessons thathave been taught to your committee and
taught to all the people of this country by the history
of the past four years of terrific conflict, that his-
tory in which Grod is, and in which lie teaches the
profounaest lessons to men and nations. There was
a want hitherto, and there remains a want now, in
the Constitution of our country, which the proposed
amendment will supply.
"What is that ? It is the power in the people, the
whole people of the United States, by express author-
ity, to do that by congressional enactment which
hitherto they have not had the power to do and have
never even attempted to do ; that is. to protect by
national law the privileges and immunities of all
citizens of the Ecpublie and the inborn rights of
every person within its jurisdiction whenever the
same shall bo abridged or denied by the unconstitu-
tional acts of any State."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is what the
third section says.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The third section
makes no reference to the unconstitutional acts
of a State. It refers to the unlawful acts of a
combination of two or more persons. «
Mr. SHELLABARGER, No ; it assumes
that the State has denied protection to some of
its citizens.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; it assumes that
an unlawful act of some of its citizens is the
act of the State. It will be seen that the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing
ham,] in speaking upon this amendment as
finally adopted, is very different from what it
was upon the amendment which he first re-
ported, and which was sent to the "tomb of
the Capulets." He claims that the amend-
ment supplies a want which has been felt—
the correction of unjust and unconstitutional
legislation of the States.
Mr. Speaker, I have somewhat carefully
looked through the debate on this question by
the Democratic members at that time, and E
do not find that any of them claimed, or made
it an argument against the amendment, that it
conferred any such power upon Congress as is
now claimed by the authors of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment, I wish to say that I have read over these
debates carefully, and it will be found that
there were two Democrats, Mr. Shankland,
of Kentucky, and Mr. Rogers, of New Jer-
sey, who said, in a broad and sweeping way,
that this amendment also broke down the
barriers of State law and State authority. I
believe, however, they are the only two who
took any such ground; and they did not make
their charge specific; they only made the state-
ment in a broad, general, and rather "stump-
speech" way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, let as see what
was done in the Senate. The first section was
amended by prefacing it with the declaration
of citizenship; bat little was said in the debate
concerning that section. The gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] who was then in the
Senate, made some remarks upon it, which I
will quote. He said :
"The clause ofthe first proposed amendment,' that
no State shall make or enforce itny law that shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of
the' United states,' secures nothing beyond what was
intended by theorigmal provision in the Constitu-
tion, that the citizens of each State shall bo entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several States.'"
The gentleman from Vermont did not dream
that the provision went any further than that.
Mr. Reverdy Johnson, of Maryland, a Demo-
crat, in discussing this amendment, said:
"X am decidedly in favor of the first part of the
section, which defines what citizenship shall be, and
in favor of that part ofthe section which denies to a
State the right to deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law."
Mr. Reverdy Johnson, whatever else may be
said of him, is undoubtedly one of the ablest
constitutional lawyers in this country ; and can
any one suppose that he understood this amend-
ment as conferring upon Congress the power
to legislate? By no means. He moved to
amend by striking out the other clause; and
on that point he said :
"But I think it is quite objectionable to provido
that no State shall make or enforce anv law which
shall abridge the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States, simply because I do not
understand what would be the effect of that."
But as to the remainder of the section he
declared himself in favor of it. The amend-
ment was discussed by Senators Hendricks,
Doolittle, Davis of Kentucky, and other able
Democratic lawyers m the Senate, none of
whom claimed that it conferred upon Con-
gress any power to legislate in the manner now
proposed.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot pursue this branch
of the discussion further, for my time does not
permit. But in the light of this discussion, in
view of the history of this amendment, which
I have thus rapidly sketched, can there be any
doubt as to what was understood to be the
interpretation of this amendment at the time
it was adopted? The gentleman from Ohio has
referred to the civil rights bill and said that I
have supported it. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The section is in
the revenue laws, an independent section pun-
ishing all conspiracies for violation of the laws
of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not doubt the
power of Congress to provide for the enforce-
ment of its own constitutional laws ; but that
I had given votes and done things during my
twelve years' service in the House of Repre-
sentatives which I cannot defend, I have no
doubt; otherwise I would be more than human.
I know we have done things during the war
and during the process of reconstruction to
save the Republic which could not be defended
if done in peace. We were obliged to do some
things because of the bad influence of Andrew
Johnson's administration which will scarcely
bearthetestof thecalm light of peace and con-
stitutional law. We passed laws, Mr. Speaker,
and the country knows it, which we did not like
to let go to the Supreme Court for adjudication.
And 1 am telling no tales out of school. Since
the adoption of -this amendment, because of
scruples in regard to the constitutionality of
the civil rights bill we have reenacted it.
Sir, we have done some things under the
necessity ofthe case, and under the war powers,
and I am ready to do them again to save the
nation's life, which maybe a little beyond the
verge of the constitutional power possessed by
Congress in time of peace. But, sir, this is
not the time to overstep those bounds. Five
years have elapsed since the war was over,
since peace was declared 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Supreme
Court decided that the war ended in 1866.
That was determined judicially 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The war ended in the
field a long time before that. Six years have
elapsed since the war closed. We have recon-
structed, and rereconstructed, and we are
asked to reconstruct again by clothing the
President with power to use the Army and
the Navy of the United States, or any other
means which he may deem proper, not only
in the South, but everywhere else. Sir, I
believe with Thomas Jefferson that "the world
is governed too much." It is a sublime sen-
