1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
Kn Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
timent, and I fear we are governing the South
too much. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabaugeu,] who very ably presented this
bill, and who has withheld his speech from the
Globe, so that I am not able to review it—■—
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It has been with-
held because I could not get it in the Globe.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I do not doubt, nor
do I complain of the fact; but I have not been
able to review it as carefully as I would if 1
had it in print. Sir, I was so impressed by his
earnestness and his consummate ability that I
could scarcely remember what he had said
after he was through. His argument was most
able; it was metaphysical and sophistical; it
failed, however, to convince me. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] schol-
arly, earnest, sincere, made his argument: and
it was also very able. But what was it? It
was in favor of centralization, and nothing else.
He nods his head. He is sincere, he is schol-
arly, he is able. He believes in the central-
ization of power: and he presented that argu-
ment. He is a Federalist; and I use it in no
offensive sense. I do not believe in central-
ization of the powers of Government, nor in
abolishing the State lines and State govern-
ments or abridging their powers. I am not
a Federalist.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman from Illinois
will allow me to say one word, as he has said
that I nodded acquiescence in his statement.
I believe in the right to exercise the national
power for the protection of the fundamental
right of the citizen. I believe that was the
purpose of the Constitution, to put the funda-
mental civil rights of the States beyond the
power of any lesser power to destroy them.
The gentleman will allow me to say one
word more. I do not favor interference in
any degree by the national Government with
the local administration.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. The gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] who ably discussed this
question yesterday, did it at the same time
doubtingly and hesitatingly. He was scarcely
possessed of the courage to defend the fearful
provisions and details of this bill. It is said
that this bill applies only to the protection of
the rightB of the citizens of the United States
as such. But the Constitution makes every
man a citizen who was either born or natural-
ized in the United States; and they are all
likewise citizens of the States where they
reside. There is no distinction. Every citizen
is a citizen of the United States and of some
State; and every citizen of a State is " subject
to the jurisdiction of the United States." It
is claimed that the concluding clause of the
fourteenth amendment, which says that "Con-
gress shall have power to enforce the provis-
ions of the amendment by appropriate legis-
lation," gives authority for t&is bill. I deny
it, sir.
The first section of the amendment requires
no legislation ; " it is a law unto itself;" and
the courts can execute it. If it requires "en-
forcing" legislation, whatkind does it require?
Certainly not a law which goes a long way be-
yond the scope of the provision. The Con-
stitution cannot be extended by the law. It
is very clear to my mind that the only " legis-
lation " we can do is to " enforce " the pro-
visions of the Constitution upon the laws of
the State. There are other provisions in that
amendment which require legislation by Con-
gress. Apportioning Representatives and
relieving from disabilities by Congress are
required by the amendment.
Thus then the question presents itself, as
has been said before, the question whether we
shall obliterate State lines and abolish State
constitutions and State Legislatures, and cen-
tralize all the power of these States of ours in
one grand despotic, central Government at
Washington, or, will we preserve the State
governments, wherein resides, as I think, the
chief protection of the rights of the citizen as
well as the source of the powers of the Gen-
eral Government.
Protection of Life, etc., at the South,
SPEECH OP HON. P. P. BLAIR,
op missouri,
Ik the United States Senate,
April 3 and 4, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution of Mr. Sherman, directing the Committee on
the Judiciary to report a bill for the suppression of
disorder and violence in the South-
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. President : Having been placed upon
the committee raised by the Senate at the last
session to investigate the condition of affairs
iu the southern States, I feel it incumbent on
me to respond to some of the arraignments,
made by Senators on the other side, of the
southern people.
It is alleged that great disorders exist in a
section of our country, and that numerous
crimes are committed with impunity by a
secret organization which pervades that com-
munity. These crimes are offenses against the
laws of the States in which they are commit-
ted, and ought to be punished by the State
authorities. They are not crimes against the
laws of the United States, but it is proposed
that this Government shall punish them because
the State authorities are unable or unwilling
to do so. That it is the duty of the State
authorities to suppress these disorders is ad-
mitted on all hands, and they are unsparingly
denounced by those who propose to supersede
them in the exercise of their authority for fail-
ing to do that duty.
The universal concession that it is the duty
of the State authorities to punish these offenses
necessarily precludes all right on the part of
this Government to interfere. But, clear as
this reasoning is, the conclusion does not rest
upon reasoning alone. It seems to have been
foreseen that partisans or enthusiasts would,
on the pretense of the right of the Government
of the United States to protect the citizens of
the United States, undertake to declare tbatthe
State governments had failed to protect such
citizens and assume that duty here, and there-
fore a clause was inserted in the fourth section
of the fourth article of the Constitution, which
Mr. Justice Story says takes away " every pre-
text for intermeddling with the domestic con-
cerns of any State under color of protecting it
against domestic violence." Does the four-
teenth amendment repeal this clause of the
fourth article? It, does not in terms purport
to do so, and it was not advocated with any
such view. The first and fifth sections of that
amendment, which are now relied on to war-
rant the proposed action^ are in these words:
" Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law whioh shall abiidge the privileges or i tamun-
ities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the eq[ual protection of the
laws.
" Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article."
It is now said that when the United States
inserted into its Constitution these provisions,
which were not in it before, " the purpose was
that the United States were thereby authorized
to directly protect and defend throughout the
United States those privileges and immunities
which are in their nature fundamental."
This conclusion is clearly unwarranted by the
premises. The proposition in this reasoning is,
that when a right is conferred by the Constitu-
tion and the Congress is authorized to enforce
it by appropriate legislation, it may use its
discretion as to such legislation; and it is as-
sumed that rights of citizenship are conferred
by that article, and hence the legislation pro-
posed is warranted. Now, the article does not
purport to confer citizenship at all. It only
defines it as it then existed and had existed,
as was claimed by the advocates of the amend-
ment, from the beginning of the Government.
They also insisted that it "took from no State
any right that ever pertained to it," and that
its object was merely to protect "the inborn
rights of every person whenever the same shall
be abridged or denied by the unconstitutional
acts of any State." (See Mr. Bingham's
speech, Congressional Globe, vol. VI, p. 2542.)
The object was the same as the civil rights bill,
and among the reasons assigned for support-
ing it was the doubt expressed as to the con-
stitutionality of thai bill. (See Mr. Eliot's
speech, Ibid., p. 2511.)
See also Mr. Howard's declaration to Mr.
Doolittle in the Senate, that it was to prevent
the repeal of the eivil rights bill. Now, with
respect to that bill, Mr. Shellabakoer said,
(Congressional Globe, volume 70, p. 1294:)
"It is meant not to usurp the power of the States
to punish offenses generally against the rights of
citizens in the several States, but its whole force is
expended in defeating an attempt under State laws
to deprive races and the members thereof, as such,
of the rights enumerated in this act."
And Senator Trumbull said, (Ibid., p.
1761:)
" This bill ill no manner interferes with the regu-
lations of any State which protects all alike in the
rights of person and property.'*
It was against discriminating State laws or
regulations that both the civil rights bill and
the fourteenth amendment were directed. To
this both are in their terms expressly limited,
and their advocates expressly declared that
" it was not meant to usurp the powers of the
States to punish offenses generally, but only
defeat attempts under State laws to deprive
races of rights," &c. It is not pretended that
the offenses it is now proposed to deal with
have any sanction from State laws, and it is
clear, both by the terms of the amendment and
by the admission of its advocates, that its whole
force is expended in defeating attempts under
State laws to discriminate against a class of
citizens.
To justify the action now proposed to be
taken it is claimed that the fourteenth amend-
ment confers upon the United States juris-
diction to protect the fundamental rights and
immunities of citizens within the States, and
the case of Corfield vs. Coryell, (4 Washing-
ton's Reports,) is cited to show what these
rights comprehend. Judge Washington says:
"Tbey comprehend protection by the Government,
the enjoyment of life and liberty, and the right to
acquire and possess property of every kind, and to
pursue and obtain happiness and safety."
This comprises the whole duly of Govern-
ment, and it is now deliberately and gravely
insisted that this whole power is vested in the
central Government by the amendment. The
claim is iu effect that the amendment abolished
the State governments, and that they subsist
by sufferance only.
Nor is it the object of the legislation now
proposed to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment; that is limited in terms to the prevention
of discrimination against citizens under color
of State laws. The present object is avowedly
to secure punishmentby United States officials
of violators of State laws. It may be said of
all of the States that justice is not duly ad
ministered; but it cannot be said that North
Carolina denies to any person the equal pro-
tection of the laws with any more truth than
it can be said of Massachusetts or Ivew York.
In the practical administration of justice pro-
tection is not equally extended to every person
