356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
I do not know what may be the truth of the
statement alleged „to have been made by Gov-
ernor Holden, of North Carolina, to Rev. E.
B. Smith, an Episcopal clergyman, who went
to North Carolina to supervise the education
of the freedmen. According to the statement
which has been made by him under oath, and
published officially by the Senate, Governor
Holden, General Grant's friend, declared that
in'his opinion General Grant would hold con-
trol of the Government of the United States,
no matter what^night be the result of the elec-
tion in 187*2. and that he desired to see him
emperor, and his son to succeed him as em-
peror.
I do not know whether the conclusions
arrived at in regard to the President by Air.
Sumner the other day in the San Domingo
debate are correct. I fear they are, from what
we'now know. That Senator, speaking of the
Course of the President relative to Sau Domin-
go, said :
"And all this hasbeen done by kingly prerogative
alone, without the authority of an act of Congress.
If such a transaction, many-headed in wrong, can
escape judgment, it is difficult to see what securities
lein.iin. What other sacred rule of international
lttwmay not be violated? What other foreign na-
tion may not be struck at? What oth§r belligerent
menace may not be hurled? What other kingly
prerogative may not be seized ?"
He goes on further to say, and I indorse
the statement:
"But it is difficult to see how we can condemn with
proper, whole-hearted reprobation our own domes-
tic Ku Klux with its tearful outrages while the
President puts himself at the head of a powerful
and costly IvuKiux operating, abroad in defiance
of international law and the Constitution of the
United States. These are questions which I ask
with sorrow, and only in obedience to that truth
which is the requirement of this debate ; nor should
I do otherwise than fail injustice to the occasion if
I did not declare my unhesitating conviction that,
had the President been ?o iuspired as to besto w upon
the protection of southern unionists, white and
black, ono half, nay, sir, one quarter of the time,
money, zeal, will, personal attention, personal effort,
and personal intercession, which he has bestowed on
his attempt to obtain half an island in the Caribbean
poa, our southern Ku Klux would have existed in
name only, while tranquillity reigned everywhere
within our borders."
Let me read the language of another Repub-
lican Senator, Mr. Sciiuuz, as reported by the
Associated Press in the papers of this morn-
ing. The full speech has not appeared in the
Globe. Referring to the conduct of the Pres-
ident, he says :
"To further by force of arms a pet scheme of the
White House, in which neither Congress nor the peo-
ple of the United States had shown the least inter-
est, the war power? had been usurped, the Consti-
tution invaded in one of its most essential and vital
features, the peace and dignity of the country put in
jeopardy in the reckless manner he [Mr. Schuicz]
had described. Ho would say to Senators who had
undertaken the task of defending these things that
they had undertaken an utterly hopeless task, and,
to all appearances, an impossible one."
"Again, he says:
"It was time now to dispel that confusion of ideas
which could not distinguish between the authority
of the United States and the person of the President,
and to arrest that usurpation of power which was
gradually and with cat-like step creeping upon this
country. Congress had never been calied to con-
front a stronger attempt at persoml government.
We were reminded of Louis XIV, with his riding-
boots on and whip in hand, cutei ing the Paris Par-
liament nnd proclaiming, *1 am the totate.' Here we
saw the President stepping before the people and
declaring, 'I am the war-making power.' "
Again, he says:
"Senators had spoken of extending the blessing
of republican government to San Domingo. lie
w0uld respectfully suggest to those Senators it was
time to see to it that t'neintegrity of republican gov-
ernment be preserved at home. Putting the most
chaiitable construction upon the course of the Pres-
ident, calling it not a crime or a misdemeanor, but
an involuntary mistake, still the great duty re-
mained tor Congress to vindicate the Constitution
of the United States. Had the President grown so
great that wo must submit, or had Congress grown so
small that they did not dare protest? The Senator
i'loiii Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] had likened the Sena-
tor i-rom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to Cossar, but
he should have remembered that the dagger of
Brutus was not leveled at his party, but that the
weapon went straight into the heart of Cee3aris:n,
and theSenator would remember that the world had
sinceagreed to call Brutus 4 the noblest Koman of
them all.' [Suppressed applause in the galleries,
theVico President rapping to order.] How could
Senators who voted to impeach Andrew Johnson on
testimony vague and uncertain now do less than
vote for these resolutions to check urant ?
That is what Republican Senators say of the
conduct of President Grant. Let me refer to
further proof in ttiat line. In a speech in this
House, on the24th of June, 1870, I showed that
President Grant had usurped power in Georgia
in violation of the act of December 22, I860,
which only gave him authority to aid the Gov-
ernor of the State in keeping the peace ; that
he sent General Terry down there and made
him absolute dictator, superior in authority
to Governor and Legislature, reconstructing
the State according to his own discretion ; and
it was all done because she had voted for Sey-
mour and Blair instead of Grant and Colfax.
But I will let the dispatches speak for them-
selves. The dispatch of General Terry is in
this language:
[Telegram.]
Atlanta, Georgia, January 2,1S70.
General W. T. Sherman.
Commanding Armies of the Uaxted states;
I have assumed command of Georgia as a district.
Since my last telegram I have become convinced
that my assignment as a district commander was
necessary, and I think I should be clothed with the
powers given by the reconstruction acts. X would
suggest that the orders proposed in my report of
August 14 be issued. I think that the knowledge
th:it I have those powers would go far to obviate the
necessity for their use. H. TERRY,
Brevet Major General.
And the reply of General Sherman, acting,
of course, under orders, which enabled Gen-
eral Terry to control the Legislature, turn out
the regularly elected judges, put a railroad
agent in the speaker's chair of the house of
representatives, and dictate who should and
who should not be members, in short, made
him dictator, reads thus :
[Telegram.]
Headquarters op tiie Army.
Washington, January 12,1870.
General A. II. Terry, Commanding Department of
Ike South, Atlanta, Georgia;
X answered yourdispatch this day, and am assured
it was sent. I will sustain you in the exercise of any
auiliority that will maintain substantial good order
until the State of Georgia is recognized by the Ex-
ecutive and by Congress. Even then some lawful
means will be found whereby we can defend our own
friends lrom the Ku Klux or band of assassins. I
think the use of our soldiers should be limited to
maintaining the peace, while you, personally, are
vested with executive authority over Governor and
Legislature till the State is fully admitted. You,
on the spot, must be the judge of how far it is politic
or wise to interfere with the component parts of the
Legislature-elect, or with their proposed legislation.
W. X. SHERMAN, General.
Sir, I repeat what I said on this floor when
I read these dispatches, if Andrew Johnson
had done one tenth part of what President
Grant did in the case of Georgia, not one Sen-
ator, Republican or Democrat, would have
dared to vote for his acquittal on his impeach-
ment trial. I know and you know that if the
power proposed in this bill be given to Geueral
Grant you might as well withdraw all other
Republican candidates for the Presidency, He
will be President unless the States of the North
and the West are a unit against him. He will
carry every State from Kentucky to Texas at
the point of the bayonet. He will, through his
Postmaster and others, create every postmas-
ter at every cross road a spy. He will make
every revenue officer an informer. Every man
who wants his patronage or his friendship will
have to stand by him. His reelection will be
made a personal question. He will send to
your convention a united delegation from
every State; he will bring to the polls a united
vote or he will allow no vote to be had. lie
will use whatever means may be necessary in
order to accomplish his purposes. This is the
feast to which Republicans are-inviting the
country. The grand finale may be a speech
by Emperor Grant to Congress, such as Crom-
well made to the English Parliament, which
reads thus:
"That speech [says Headley] scathed like fire.
You,'said he to Vane, who interrupted him,' might
have prevented this; but you are a Juggler, and have
not so much as common honesty. You are no Par-
liaaient. I say you are no Parliament. You have
sat too long already ; you shall now give place to bet-
ter men;' andturninsr to his officer, Harrison, heg.tvo
a brief word oi command, at. he would on the field of
battle, and his brave musketeers, with shouldered
pieces, marched sternly in. As he stood amid the
weapons that had so often surrounded linn on the field
of death, he began to launcn his thundei bolts on the
right hand and on the left, and, breaking over all cer-
emonies ot speech, boldly named thecrimes of which
they were guilty, and closed up with 'Corrupt, un-
just persons,scandalous to the profession of thegos-
pel, how can you be a Parliament for God's people ?
Depart, I say, and let us have done with you.' And
they went in hot haste, seoui ged by his tongue as they
fled. 'You,' said ho to Chaloner, ' are a drunkard.'
'You, Wentworth, nn adulterer;' and as Marten
passed he asked if a wliore-muster was fit to gov-
ern. To Vane, who continued to remonstrate, lie
exclaimed, 'SirHarry Vane, Sir Harry Vnnel The
Lord deliver me from Sir Harry V ane!' Then point-
ing to the speaker.Lenthal, who still retained his seat,
he bid Han ison help him down, which ho did. Alter
all had departed he took up the mace and, look-
ing at it a moment, said to the soldieis, 'Takeaway
this bauble.' lie then tore the bill of dissolution,
which bad been under discussion, to pieces; and,
ordering the doors to be locked, turned away in the
midst of his guard and repaired again to Whitehall.
Thus ended tne rump Parliament, and Euglai.d lay
on Cromwell's shouldeis. So did Bonaparte march
into the Council of Five Hundred, with his brave
grenadiers at his back."
It may be that the present managers here
will, when no longer wanted, have the same
complimentary remarks applied to them as
were applied to Wentworth, Marten, Vane,
and others.
Gentlemen talk about the stoppage of the
mails in my State. I understand the gentle-
man1 from Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] is to follow
me in this debate, and is going to make a great
parade over the stoppage of the mails in Ken-
tucky. I ask him whether it is a fact that this
matter is to be referred to?
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
state his own case before lie asks me to state
mine.
Mr. BECK. I will state my case. The stop-
pages of the mails the other day between'
Louisville and Lexington, which even the Pres-
ident is heralding to Congress ana the world
in his message as being necessaiy because of
the rebellious spirit ot our people, was a gross
outrage, unsustained by one redeeming fact,
and was evidently concocted at Washington for
the purpose of inducing Congress to place Ken-
tucky unHer military lule, and compel us to
vote for General Grant for the next President
or refuse us the right of free suffrage alto-
gether. It is not even pretended that the mail
agent was ever interfered with, except on the
26th day of January last, when a drunken fel-
low cursed and threatened him at a station in
Franklin county. As the agent was a negro, a
sensation was attempted; a guard of soldiers
was placed on the cars to protect him. That
was a failure ; people forgot it and laughed
at it. Drunken men curse white men often,
and do other foolish things, and people be-
gan to think that even a negro might be thus
treated by a drunken fool, without overthrow-
ing the Government, and something had to be
done. The Radical leaders met in caucus
in Frankfort on Thursday, March 2, and some
loyal leaguer told them that somebody had
told him that he had heard somebody else say
that he had heard it whispered around that the
negro mail agent was to be attacked again ;
and the Radical marshal, who was at the cau-
cus, telegraphed at once for more troops to
protect him. Telegrams were sent to Wash-
ington, doubtless by previous arrangement.
The Postmaster General, but too anxious to
serve his master and save his place, and show
that be could be as zealous for him as he had
been for his paitner, Mr. Earl, in the Chorpeu-
uing case, stopped the mails, branded a whole
community of better men than himselfas out-
side of the pale of Government protection so
far as his Department is concerned, and the
President, Senator Morton, and General Bdt-
i.eb are parading it now as evidence that mil-
itary must be substituted for civil author-
ity in Kentucky; of course, though that is not
avowed, to prepare for the next election.
