118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
in any State or country. The courts cannot
become so perfect till human nature is so im-
proved as not to require them. But the amend-
ment did not contemplate an inquisition by
the courts of the United States or by Congress
into the practical administration of justice by
the State authorities or confer power to depose
them if their administration was not satisfac-
tory. It was the laws, not the magistrates, of
the State which were to be set aside if found
to conflict with the Constitution, and the Uni-
ted States is not warranted in interfering fur-
ther than to prevent the enforcement by the
officers of the State of any law of the State
which abridges the rights of a citizen or denies
him the equal protection of the law.
The danger of any other construction is
manifest, if, on the pretext of repressing the
Ku Klux, Congress now assumes to decide as
matter of fact that the State laws for the pro-
tection of citizens are not fairly administered,
and as matter of law that we have power in
that case to direct the judiciary and executive
of this Government to depose the State author-
ities and assume the functions which pertain
to their domestic government it is the end of
all local self-government, and the open estab-
lishment of an unlimited Government here.
The application of this power will not be con-
fined to the southern States. There are far
greater temptations, when the power is once
established, to direct it against the wealthier
communities of the North. There are many
of the northern States in which the State au-
thorities are supposed to be too much influ-
enced by great corporations, against which, in
time, the popular feeling may invite the exer-
cise of this tremendous power with quite as
much force as it is now invoked against the
Ku Klux, and it may be quite as important to
some political party of that day to suppress
them as it now is to make the Ku Klux out-
rages available.
The power for party ends, which subjects
the people of a State to criminal prosecution
in the courts of the United States for offenses
against local law, cannot be exaggerated. It
allows the removal of persons from the coun-
ties in which they reside to be imprisoned and
tried in the distant cities in which the courts of
the United States are held. Multitudes of in-
nocent persons will be thus dragged from their
liomes and friends to be immured in prisons
at the instigation of political malignity and for
mere partisan objects. This is rendered cer-
tain by the fact that the President so far ap-
proved the action of Kirk, Bergen & Co., that
he nominated one of them to office.
No more subtle or wide-spread and terrible
agency for the establishment and maintenance
of absolute power could bo devised than to sub-
ject men to arrest and removal from home, to
be imprisoned at a distance from home and
friends, leaving helpless families behind, at the
instigation of the agents of a distant Govern-
ment. What sort of men these agents are we
have not now to learn. A more remorseless
set of scoundrels than the carpet-baggers and
their confederates have shown themselves to
be never conspired to murder and plunder on
the high seas: and when it is proposed to re-
ward them with high places in the General
and State Governments, and the plunder of the
people North and South for putting down dis-
orders, can any one doubt that the necessary
disorders will be forthcoming', to be followed
by the arrest, imprisonment, and punishment
of multitudes of innocent men? The crime,
corruption, and plunder which reconstruction
has Liredin the South are but a foretaste of what
it is now proposed to spiead over the country.
It is intended to nationalize carpet-bagism and
install General Grant, whose streugth alone has
sustained it, permanently in power.
It the alleged disorders exist, and were
greater even than is alleged by the enemies of
popular govern ment as the ground for their sup-
pression, and if it were shown that these dis-
orders were connived at by the State govern-
ments, which is not pretended, every friend of
freedom ought to resist the proposal. The peo-
ple will correct these errors, howovergreat, and,
if time and opportunity are given, will effect-
ually put down the disorders complained of.
Despotism will only aggravate them, and make
what is but a temporary distemper chronic,
and extend what is now local to the whole
country. I shall presently demonstrate that
all the disorders complained of proceed from
the suppression by the military of the popular
government, and that, just in the degree that
the vitalizing and healthful principle of popular
control is allowed to operate, order revives.
All our present and late troubles have the
same source, namely, from the want of faith in
the people on the part of our rulers. We
should have had no war if Jackson had been
at the helm, not because he was so fierce and
cruel a man that the South would have been
intimidated; that was not his character; no
military leader was ever moretenderofhuman
life and accomplished so much with so little
bloodshed, and none of his political triumphs
were won by the sword. His power to pre-
vent rebellion in his day came entirely from
his faith in the people. He knew they would
respond when he spoke in their name and
put forth promptly their power to save the
Union ; and they rose as one man. It was the
want of that faith that invited the late attempt
at disunion and shed the blood of the people.
When finally Mr. Lincoln disregarded Mr.
Seward's distrustful counsels, which had be-
trayed the South into secession under the
delusion that secession would be peaceable,
it was unfortunately too late to prevent war.
But had the uprising of the nation which
then took place to preserve the Union at the
cost of war been evoked, as Jackson had done
it, in time, there would have been no war.
Armed insurrection Jackson and the founders
of the Government were ready to put down by
the strong hand, but it remained for the so-
called Republicans of our day to invent the
system of voting by the bayonet, making mil-
itary divisions of States, and putting major
generals in charge of them to prescribe the
qualifications of voters, to appoint the officers
of registration and election, to certify returns
to the House of Representatives and Senate,
and even to sign certificates of their own elec-
tion to the Senate; all done under the orders
of the General-in-Chief, who is himself made
President, while saying, derisively, " Let us
have peace!" Ho and his associates now tell
us gravely, and with the air of injured men, that
their prayers for peace have not prevailed,
while they were perpetrating these outrages !
Now, Mr. President, the continued agitation
on this subject has not, in my opinion, received
the entire concurrence of the - Republicans in
this Congress. The members have spent more
time in caucusing to compel an agreement
upon a policy here, or out of consideration,
perhaps, for the tender sensibilities of our
friends I should say in consultation, in order
to come to a conclusion upon this point, than
they have spent in the legislative Halls. Num-
bers of Senators and .Representatives have
evinced great disinclination to go agam into
this new crusade ; but finally it seems to have
been determined by a majority in that con-
sultation, and whether their decision is bind-
ing or not upon the entire party, the minority
have fallen in, especially since the President
lias sent in his mandate, in the shape of a
message, requiring of Congress further legis-
lation and greater powers. to be conferred
upon him ; and it seems that we are fully
aud thoroughly committed to another crusade
against the southern people. But, sir, one
gentleman of influence in the Republican
party and of high standing in that organiza-
tion [Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts] has not
kept his discontent on this subject to himself,
but in debate, as I read from the Globe, ex-
pressed himself thus in regard t.o it:
"i know not why it is that any gentleman assumes
that he has a more lively interest in the peace and
welfare of the nation than any other members,
political associates at least of his, on this floor. Yet
that is the assumption of my colleague. I marvel at
the right he assumes to say that I have any less
anxiety, any less desire than he has to seek out a
proper remedy for the evil that has had its origin
back in the years of trouble and distress through
which we have passed, and which through legisla-
tion, and abundant legislation, with alt tho powers
of legislation, at all times has been growing worse
and worse until to-day, and confronts us in this hour
worse than ever. It has occurred tome, Mr. Speaker,
that the great difficulty was and the lesson for us to
study was whether it was a lack of legislation or a
lack of administration that has brought this evil
upon us, and whether it was not possible that tho
poor, sick, dying patient had been doctored to death
already, and whether some change in treatment
might not possibly result in some good eifects."
But this advice has not been hearkened to
by the Radical Doctor Sangrados, who cry out
for more blood and more hot water. They
insist upon the " heroic treatment" which has
been heretofore applied to the people of the
South. But it shows that sober reflection is
finally reaching some of the members of that
organization and is somewhat tinging their
counsels. The wonder to me is not that the
leaders of the Republican party should begin
now to doubt the soundness of the policy of a
congressional government for the States, but
that there should ever have been a doubt on
that point at all. As their measures have failed
to accomplish either their ostensible or real
object, nothing could be more timely than the
suggestion made by Mr. Dawes, that they
should now stop and reconsider that policy.
Nothing is more certain than that the law-
less disregard of constitutional limitations in
which the Radicals have rioted brings but short-
lived success in this country. If I looked only
to a party triumph I wouid be glad to see these
reconstruction usurpations continued and new
outrages perpetrated here on the Constitution
in the vain effort to hold power in this coun-
try against the public will. The pretense upon
which Congress has usurped the governments
of the States is merely that it would give them
better. Murders without number, by the fifty
thousand, are recited to make a case of neces-
sity. The governments of the people were
superseded on this pretext and governments
of major generals substituted, in order that tha
political power of these States might be appro-
priated, the people plundered, and enormous
debts contracted, such representatives as Judge
Sharkey turned out of the Senate to give place
to one of these major generals and a vagrant
negro, the twin emblems of Radical supremacy
in this country. While this lasts and continues
successful it is all well; butwhen, as in North
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee,
there comes a revulsion, and the State govern-
ments are restored to the people, and the pros-
pect is that the electoral vote will not be given
to Grant, a case of necessity again arises,
and outrages by the fifty thousand are again
reported '• by an intelligent gentleman from
Tennessee," and the major general from Mis-
sissippi gives us "a faint idea" of these atroci-
ties by telling us of the murder of eight hun-
dred_ "prominent Republicans" in Louisi-
ana in the sixty days preceding the last presi-
dential election.
Mr., AMBS. Will the gentleman permit me?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri yield?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. AMES. Yariousgentlemen on this floor
have stated the number of outrages in that
State at over two thousand in th.e two months
previous to the election.
Mr. BLAIR. I dare say the "men in buck-
ram '' can be increased to any number required
