1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
AH speculation as to the removal of the Post-
master Genera] may as well cease now; he
is too ready and useful a tool, and too thor-
oughly at the mercy of his master, to be parted
with or givetf up, no matter what contracts he
makes or how he uses his office to help his
friends.
If acts like that can be committed anything
can be. An official might throw me into jail
withoutcauseand without warrant the moment
1 return, stating that I had done something,
he would not tell what. My people might
oppose it as a lawless act; ot oppression, in-
surrection would be proclaimed, martial law
declared, and my State would be put under
the ban because of something done by my
people under excitement, which would be ex-
cuse enough. Sir, by this bill the President
is not responsible for anything he may order.
He has the discretion. He is the sole judge.
You cannot impeach him for any wrongful
act. You have put the authority in his hands
to do what he pleases. His pleasure is made
the supreme law of the land. He is, in short,
made an absolute despot.
Mr. Speaker, I intended to mention, but did
not at the proper place, the condition of affairs
in Mississippi. There you have a State under
thorough Radical rule. You have a Governor
who has been elected United States Senator
whodares not come here. Why? Because the
Radical Legislature is about to restore the old
repudiated debt of 18B7, amounting, principal
and interest, to over thirty million dollars,
•which has been bought for two cents on the
dollar by the Legislature or their friends. If the
Governor should come here, and the Lieuten
ant Governor take his place, that debt of
$80,000,000 would have to be paid by the State
and go into the pockets of the men who now
control its Legislature. The Governor has to
stay in his place to prevent that being done in
the loyal. Radical State of Mississippi, as the
gentleman who was the opponent of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. McKee] told me.
Mr. McKEE. That proposition has not five
votes in th(? Mississippi Legislature.
Mr. BECK. It never will so long as the
Governor remains there. Sir, it is all stuff to
talk about loyalty and loyal men any longer.
Your Attorney General was a rebel. Gen-
eral Longstreet was a rebel, no doubt about it.
The moment they joined your party, agreed to
go with you and stand by you in all your acts,
they became the purest patriots on earth. Dis-
loyalty or loyalty depends upon obedience or
disobedience to you.
If these Srates of the South would only con-
tinue to be lladical, if they would only agree
that they would vote for General Grant again,
you would never hear anything about the Ku
Klux, j ou would never more hear of any recon-
struction acts. It is because you know they
will no longer remain in Radical hands, because
they are not going to vote for your candidates,
because you know they will no longer in any
form voluntarily support the Radical party
which has ruined them, that many of you here
would rather that the Constitution should be
overthrown and despotism be established all
over the land than that these States should
vote the Democratic ticket and thus secure a
Demociatic President, as you know they will
unless you institute despotic means to prevent
them.
I believe there are men on the other side
who will not indorse this ; but notwithstanding
the efforts of those gentlemen the Radical
party will march under the orders of General
Butler, who is now as bland as a May morn-
ing, because of his victory over the conserva-
tive element in his party. I hope men, such
as the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,]
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Da"WES,] and others on that side of the House
will see where all this is tending before it is
too late.
The Republican press of the country sees it,
and is already ringing in your ears in thunder
tones the solemn warnings you will do well to
heed. The New York Evening Post, the Chi-
cago Tribune, and many others are already
in your hands. Nothing has been or will be
more ably or more truthfully said than the fol-
lowing from the editorial of the Evening Post
of Tuesday :
"The second section confcrs upon the Federal
Government duties and powers not contemplated in
or granted by the Constitution. It makes it the
police of the States, and aims to make of the United
States courts merely police court?, commanding them
to take cogniKance of even case3 of larceny and
assault and battery. Nowhere in the Constitution
can Congress find the authority to pass such a law as
this. It it were enforced, it would not only degrade
the United States courts, but break down and over-
throw our whole system of government, and subject
us to a centralized administration, which would
shortly end in a despotism like that of Napoleon in
Franco.
"But let not the Republicans in Congross attempt
to deceive the country with a sham. This section
and the two which follow it are &o clearly in viola-
tion of the Constitution that the Supremo Court
would, when the first case under them came up on
appeal before it, declare them invalid. In the
mean time, any attempt to enforce such bad and
dangerous acts will make all concerned in it justly
odious; and there is no better or quicker way to
bring the Republican party and the President into
disreputothan by aUoptingsuc-h an unconstitutional
and revolutionary act as this,''—
unless it be its editorial of yesterday, from
which I read the following extracts:
"Freedom cannot exist under a centralized Gov-
ernment. Take irom the States those local and
municipal powers and duties which the Constitution
secures them, make the Federal courts police courts,
the Federal man-hals policemen, detectives, and
spies; give the Federal Executive authority to inter-
tere at his will with soldiers, or with his civil officers,
in the internal affairs of the States, and you break
down the only safeguards of liberty, and prepare the
way for an imperial despot." * * *
"Doubtless many men in Congress act in ignorance
and out of motives of humanity and generous regard
tor those whom they believe to be weak and injured.
But behind these stand other tnen^vhnm no one
imagines to be humanitarians, whom no onesuspeets
to act in ignorance, wlm comprehend but too well
the drift and meaning of the unconstitution.il and
ccntralizinglcgislationtheyurge, who are preparing
revolution, fostering dnd increasing disorder, accus-
toming the people to violent measures  ud lepres-
sive legislation, to force bills and standing armies
in time of peace, because thus their hidden plots of
ambition can be realized, because every day which
sees their ruinous policy continued brings nearer the
time when lhcy may snatch supreme power, crush
liberty, destroy the safeguards of tbe Constitution,
and make themselves masters of the nation.
"That is the real meaning of the Ku Klux legis-
lation. Its promoters are the enemies of the Union,
the haters ot liberty, the secret plotters of our ruin
as a free people. They will not succeed, for the
people cannot long be deceived. But it is for the
Republican leaders now to say whether they will
cast olF theso evil guides, or whether, following
them, they shall be overwhelmed in the same con-
demnation with them by an alarmed and indignant
people."
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, and Mr. WOOD
addressed the House in speeches which will
be found in the Appendix.
Mr. Wood yielded five minutes, which
remained of his hour, to
Mr, BROOKS, of New York. I rise merely
to say that I do not know that there ever was
a bill before Congress in which I felt so much
interest as I do in this ; and I can only regret
that the feeble state of my health, which has
been such as to incapacitate me for six or
eight weeks past from taking anything but a
silent interest in public affairs, forbids me to
express my opinion fully upon this measure.
I rise also to say that I consider this a bill
infinitely worse than that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] the original
father of the measure. Because of alleged out-
rages in South Carolina or North Carolina, it
attempts to put my people and the whole north-
ern people under martial law at the will and
caprice of the President of the United States.
There can be no worse bill than this, which
subjects the innocent, the unchallenged free
people of the northern and western States to
punishment by military law because of alleged
wrongs committed in two or three southern
States of this Union.
Mr. MAYNARD addressed the IIouso. His
speech will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
_Mr._ RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
will yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Illinois yields to me in order that
I may read the whole sentence, which was cut
in two and only one half of it read, from
the Chattanooga Daily Times, by the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. MayxardJ who
has just addressed the House. That gentle-
man has been the great reservoir of facts scan-
dalous and slanderous of the people of the
South; and if his statements are as truthful,
as fair, and as just as his representation of the
editor of the Chattanooga Daily Times, the
House will know precisely how to appreciate
those starements. The gentleman read or pro-
posed to read some statement from that paper;
and I now here charge that he cut the sentence
in two, in the middle j that he did not finish the
sentence in the paper from which he read.
When I called his attention to this fact be said
if I could make more of the paper than, he
could he would allow me to read it. I thank
him for that opportunity.
The gentleman read this portion of the sen-
tence:
" Kow no person pretends to deny that crimes,
'outrage' if you will, are committed in the South
by organized bodies of masked marauders, some of
whom probably belong to a secret political society
known to the world as Ku Klux."
There the gentleman ended the sentence,
and left the House under the impression that
what I have read was intended to express the
opinion of the editor of the Chattanooga Daily
Times. But the editor proceeds to finish the
sentence, only one half of which the gentleman
from Tennessee quoted, as follows:
" Rut the greater portion of them were committed
to serve private malice by villains who take advan-
tage of the vague dread of Ku Klux under which to
mask their operations."
That portion of the editorial, that last half
of the sentence, was left out by the gentleman
from Tennessee. I asked him toread the whole
of if, but he refused to do so. But that editor,
in the very some article, goes on still further
to say :
" The whole outrage business is simply a pretext
to station troops in the South to carry the next pres-
idential election by force for the Republican party.
We believe the attempt will fail, and we know of no
other benefit which the Radical party can secure by
sending more troops into the South. It can only servo
to fan into life the fast expiring embers of civil
strife, and while the presence of troops may keep
down the manifestations of protection for ' loyal-
ists, ' if wo may consider any of the reported Ku
Klux outrages as such manifestations (which is
doubtful.) the spirit which would prompt such ' out-
rages' will only bo inado more bitter when ii exists
and might be aroused in the breasts of those by
whom it was never harbored b fore."
He then closes the article as follows:
" Butwhilo theKuKluxbillsareas yetunenacted,
it is the duty of tho southern people to purgo them-
selves of the disgrace which must rest upon them so
long as crime and lawlessness are permitted to go
unpunished. They should do this, not from fear of
congressional interference, but from a properregard
for their own reputation. The final remedy lies in
the cultivation of a proper public spirit, which will
demand the enforcementof the laws. Congressional
interference, military reconstruction, bayonet rule,
have all been tried and found to aggravato rather
than suppress the evil complained of. The same re-
sult wil> follow the reapplieation of the same reme-
dies. So long as the people of any community. North
or South, find an outside power takingcharge of the
preservation of order in their midst, they will take
no interest in the matter themselves, because they
feel no responsibility."
That is the article from which the gentleman
from Tennessee would have the House under-
stand that an argument in favor of the prop-
ositions of this bill was made by the editor
of the Chattanooga Daily Times. I have
never heard but one thing equal to th's fraud
attempted to be practiced ou this House, and
that was when it was said by some one, I do
not know who, that there was no God. The
fool hath said in his heart there is no God."
Mr. MAYNARD. A single word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I agreed to move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object to
the gentleman from Tennessee going on, but
I do not wish it to be taken out of my time.
