1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
42d Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
The " prominent Republicans" in Louisiana
might all be counted upon your ten fingers,
and most of them are prominent for acts which
commend them very little to honest people.
If it be admitted that the General Govern-
ment may, for the causes alleged, assume the
government of the States, and that it may judge
of the occasion, it is practically the abolish-
ment of the State governments. Whatever
may be the disposition of the people and their
authorities it is not possible to prevent all dis-
orders, even when there is no such temptation
offered to commit disorder as the hope of get-
ting the interference of the General Govern-
ment presents to politicians who have lost the
public confidence and have no other means
of retaining power and place. But with that
prospect it will be utterly impossible to repress
them. The thieves and scoundrels whom the
people have ejected can readily create the
necessary outrages, and the evidence shows that
these parties have been engaged in making
the disorders which is the argument here for
restoring thera to power. No other class of
people in the southern States have any mo-
tive to create disorder, but have the strongest
motive to prevent it, as they are the owners
of all the property and have everything to fear
from it and from the interference of Congress,
which such disorder invites.
The system which it is proposed to continue
in the South is the disgrace of our age and
country. Undoubtedly men of respectable
character have been induced by party feeling
and discipline to take part in it, but that does
not prevent the carpet-bag system of gov-
ernment from being infamous. That system,
by which the people who made the States of
the South, whose fathers participated in the
formation of the Federal Government and in
establishing our independence, who speak the
same language, read the same Bible, and
are descended from a common stock with the
people of the North, are stripped of their
liberties and property, and are crushed under
a tyranny more odious than any known in
history.
But it does not stop with the plunder of the
people of the South. The harpies who riot
on the robbery of that unhappy people would
not be tolerated if it were not that they are
the instruments by which the wealth of the
richer North is made a prey to the mercenary
monopolists. The representatives ofthe south-
ern blacks, organized in so called Union
Leagues, are convenient to repress the people
of the West and North rising to overthrow the
tariff monopolies by which they are oppressed
and plundered. It is beginning to be seen
that the enslavement of the people of the
South is one of the means by which the people
of the North are enslaved by the predatory
classes who live on bounties and protection.
But a little while ago there was a prospect
of a reorganization of parties on administra-
tive issues—revenue reform, civil service re-
form, and kindred subjects. Bills to remove
the burdens of taxation from the people are
now lying upon the table ofthe Senate, having
been passed by the House of liepresentatives;
bills removing the tax from salt and coal, by
which the people are compelled to pay thirty
or forty millions to monopolists, and from which
the Government does not derive more than
two millions of revenue. The monopolists
became alarmed—this thing must be stopped;
and the Radical gong of lawlessness and vio-
lence at the South was instantly sounded; the
faithful were gathered into caucus, and there
those who had pledged themselves to the peo-
ple in favor of revenue reform were made to
pledge themselves by an "honorable under-
standing; " we have been repeatedly informed
on this floor that they would do nothing at this
session but legislate for the tranquillity of the
South. "An honorable understanding" to
dishonor their pledges to the people who
elected them! What right have Senators to
bind themselves to anybody, by an honorable
or any other kind of understanding, to disre-
gard the wishes and interests of the people
they represent? But so it is; and the monop-
olists have the people again at their mercy,
and the dominant party, lately in danger of
acting independently on questions of taxation
and tariff, and affording some relief to an
oppressed and overburdened people, have been
once more rallied and consolidated by the old
party cries of lawlessness and violence at the
South. Like bees discontented and dissatis-
fied, they were preparing to swarm from the
old hive, but the leaders have seized the tin
pans and commenced a clatter to compel them
to settle down and submit to be again hived and
to gather more honey for the monopolists.
Now, Mr. President, it is my purpose to
reply to some of the statements made on this
floor by gentlemen who have addressed the
Senate upon the topics growing out of this
investigation. At the outset I will say that no
accusation of any kind is brought against the
State oi Virginia. That State is even excul-
pated Irom the crimes in which all the rest are
involved, by the admission of honorable Sen-
ators on the other side. The Old Dominion,
which gave birth to the father of our country,
and to the great author of the Declaration of
Independence, and a long and illustrious line
of Presidents and statesmen who guided this
nation and its councils up almost to the time
of the rebellion, and whose children then fur-
nished the genius to lead the southern armies,
has since the suppression of the rebellion had
the political sagacity to drive away that swarm
of obscene birds of prey, the carpet,-baggers,
who were ready to settle down upon her and
gorge themselves at her expense. She had
the ability and the capacity to escape their
clutches. Although rent in twain and made
into two States with a view of strengthening
the enemies of popular government, the polit-
ical sagacity of her people has converted those
two States into two fortresses for its defense.
The first State which is implicated in this
investigation—an investigation held with closed
doors; the communities assailed having no
notice of the charges made against them ; the
testimony taken in secret; the minority of the
committee not even allowed to state what had
been proven so that they might call witnesses
from the same county to disprove it—is the
State of North Carolina. All the testimony
that has been heaped up on the State of North
Carolina, and which has been unburdened from
the pack of the majority of this committee
upon the floor of the Senate, amounts to noth-
ing but a rehash of affidavits made and tes-
timony taken elsewhere ; the testimony of men
who would not be believed anywhere upon
their oaths, and who, if we had had the oppor-
tunity to bring witnesses as to their character,
I do not think any word said by any of them
would have carried the character of verity to
any person, no matter how much a partisan
he might be, in this country. All of these
cases occurred a year or eighteeu months
ago. None ot them, or very few of them, are
of recent origin. None of the extreme cases
are of recent origin. These are now raked up,
after the lapse ot this time, simply because the
State of North Carolina has thrown off the
burden with which she was borne down, has
disenthralled herself from the incubus of an
infamous Legislature and an infamous State
government; and because the people have
resumed their sway in that State and her voice
will hereafter be heard ou the side of popular
liberty and free government. That is the reason,
and the only reason, in my judgment.
The people of North Carolina have a historic
character for steadiness, for sound discrimina-
ting sense, for moderation, aud for firmness of
character. They have also a historic char-
acter for their devotion to the cause of liberty,
and their declaration of independence at Meck-
lenburg preceded that which declared the eman-
cipation of our Stales from the mother country;
aud any one who reads the testimony of the
respectable witnesses called by the minority to
testify as to these outrages will see in them a
reserve, a measured language, an intelligence
which will carry conviction to all who read
without prejudice.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of this committee of investigation, [Mr.
Scott,] in his speech made here the other day
made use of the following language :
" I come back, then, to the report of the minority
for the purpose of getting common ground upon
which we can stand, as to the time during which
these disorders have been committed. For that pur-
pose I read from the views of the minority, on page
9. They say, speaking of important facts that are
disclosed:
'''The first is, that the State of North Carolina
enjoyed comparative peace and quiet after the war
closed, and until the reconstruction acts of Congress
were put in force by the Army ; and the second is,
that since the State government thrust upon them by
Congress has passed under the control of the people
of the State, in the election of August, 1370, peace
and quiet and good order have again resumed their
sway.
The period intervening, marking the epoch of
reconstruction, from August, 1868, to August, 1870,
also marks the period of disturbance, disorder, and
crime; and it may be said, and the evidence proves,
that during this time the State government of North
Carolina was a conspiracy against the property, the
peace, and the political liberties of the people.' "
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
remarks upon this:
" I read the whole sentence, so that there can be
no charge ot detaching one portion from another.
Now, sir, three assertions are made in that extract:
first, that from the close of the war until the inaugu-
ration of the State government under the recon-
struction acts peace and quiet prevailed in North
Carolina; second, that from August,1808, theinaugu-
ration of the State government under the recon-
struction acts, until August, 1870, the time of the
late election, there were disorders ; third, that from
August, 1870, until the present time those disorders
have ceased. To the last allegation I do not agree,
and the instances are given in the majority report
which contradict it. I do not propose to repeat
them. But the other two allegations are important
in considering this question."
The Senator does not agree to the last alle-
gation, that since the election" in August, 1870,
peace and quiet had resumed their sway ; and
indeed it is not material whether he agrees to
it or not, for we have the testimony of Gov-
ernor Holden himself, in his message to the
Legislature of North Carolina, delivered in
November of this last year, declaring that tran-
quillity and peace had returned to the State.
The other two propositions, I conceive, are
conceded by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
that up to the time the reconstruction acts were
passed and put in operation by the Army com-
parative peace and quiet reigned in North Car-
olina, and during the following two years was
the period of disorder and disturbance. He
attributes the disorder which arose at that time
to the attitude occupied by the Democratic
party. He did me the honor to cite a letter
which I had written, which he seemed to think
had an important bearing on the subject. He
also spoke of the resolutions passed by the
Democratic national convention which sat in
the city of New York on the 4th of July, 1868^,
declaring that the reconstruction acts were null
and void.
Now, allow me to say to the Senator, that
although that declaration was made by the
Democratic convention, neither that conven-
tion norany Democrat ever undertook to incul-
cate any resistance to the law. The law was
to be set aside in a constitutional mode ; it was
null and void. And allow me t.o say that every
time those laws have come for consideration
before the Supreme Court of the United States
they have been declared to be unconstitutional,
and, pro tanto, set aside. 1 claim that the
President, who had himself taken an oath to
obey the Constitution aud to maintain it, should
