120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—-Mr. Blair.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
set aside laws which were in defiance of the
Constitution, by the exercise of his constitu-
tional power as President, of the United States ;
that he could not stand by and, with that oath
on his lips, see the Constitution trampled under
foot.
There was a very remarkable case which
came up from the State of Mississippi,, the
McCardle case, which betrayed the knowledge
that the Radical party here had that it was
the duty of the President to take this action ;
and so well convinced were they of it, when
that case was up by appeal from the district
court of the United States for Mississippi, that
they took away by act of Congress the right
of appeal in the cases pending under the law,
or which should thereafter coine up under it,
because they knew that in the nature of the
case the Supreme Court could make no other
decision than that which they had already made
in the Milligan case, coming from the State
of Indiana. Knowing what that decision was,
after the Supreme Court took jurisdiction of
the McCardle case, Congress immediately re-
pealed the authority given by the reconstruc-
tion acts to appeal, because they knew and
apprehended that the Supreme Court, would
declare them to be unconstitutional, and the
President would be compelled by his oath to
set aside the acts which they had passed, and
under which reconstruction was then going on.
But at no time and in no place did the Dem-
ocratic party ever advise any resistance to
these laws; I mean by force of arms; any
physical resistance. That we advised resist-
ance of every constitutional kind there can be
no doubt. That we still resist such parts of
them as are in force, that have not executed
themselves, and that we still resist the princi-
ple upon which they go, by all constitutional
power and by all constitutional means, no
man can deny, and no man desires to deny.
On the other hand, it is the greatest plume in
the cap of the Democracy that they resist it
because of the infraction of the Constitution
which was made by it.
The gentleman might have seen, if he had
chosen to see, what was the real cause of these
disturbances. The passage of these reconstruc-
tion measures carried into the southern States
political adventurers, now known as carpet-
baggers. Many of them had already been
introduced there by the Preedmen's Bureau.
These men collected the negroes together in
what were called Union Leagues, secret polit-
ical societies, in which the negroes were sworn
to vote for the candidates therein nominated.
I have been told by gentlemen who have heard
the fact, and apparently upon good authority,
that the ignorant and superstitious negroes,
as the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the
other day called them in his speech, were ini
tiated into these Union Leagues or Loyal
Leagues with blue lights and red lights and all
other kinds of lights burning, in order to impress
their superstitious minds, and there were made
to take these oaths to support the Republican
party. These organizations were made in the
South at the time when all the people of the
South who had been engaged in any way in the
rebellion were disfranchised from voting and
disabled from holding office.
Mr. SCOTT. Before the Senator passes
from the point which he made, that the Dem
ocratic party had never in any instance advised
any other than constitutional resistance to the
reconstruction acts, I desire to call his atten
tion to his own language; and for that purpose
I sent for it, declining to interrupt him until I
had his own language. I will read it. :
" There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is, for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void"—
I wish to call his attention to the language:
" for the President-elect to declare these acts null
and void, compel the At my to undo its usurpations
at the South, disperse the carpet-bag State govern-
ments, allow the white people to reorganize their
own governments, and elect Senators and Represent-
atives."
In view of the statement made by the Sen-
ator that the Democratic party never contem-
plated anything else than to await the decision
of the Supreme Court upon the validity of the
reconstruction acts, I ask him whether the fair
interpretation of the language which I have
read, delivered June 30, 1868, is not that the
President next to be elected, without awaiting
the action of the Supreme Court, should him-
self declare the reconstruction acts null and
void, and bid the Army overturn the State gov-
ernments that had been erected under them?
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, with the aid of the extract which he
has read from my letter, has made a fair
speech.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply put tbe question.
Mr. BLAIR. I will answer it. I am not
the Democratic party, and as a matter of course
the Democratic party is not responsible for my
language. But as to what the Senator says in
regard to my declaration that the Democratic
party should await the decision of the Supreme
Court before the President should act, I beg
his pardon ; I never said so. I thought the
President should act himself. He is as much
bound to sustain the Constitution as the
Supreme Court is, or as Congress is and he
is as much bound to maintain it against Con-
gress when it violates it as he is to maintain it
against an individual who violates it, because
when Congress violate the Constitution they
are no more than individuals acting without a
particle of authority. They are, as I charac-
terized them a few days ago, a mere mob.
They have exceeded the authority of that in-
strument which brought them into being ; and
in going beyond it, in transcending the author-
ity given to th m by that instrument, they
have done what they had no righttodo. There
is no distinction between what they have then
done and that which is done by a mob of peo-
ple in the streets of the city. And I thought
that the President of the United States, sworn
to maintain the Constitution, should maintain
it as well against the unconstitutional action
of Congress as against the unconstitutional
action of individuals.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will pardon
me, I think I have hardly succeeded in getting
an answer to the question which I put. I will
not make a speech, but put it in the form of
a question. Taking the statement of the Sen-
ator on the 25th of June, 1868, that the Presi-
dent should declare these acts null and void
and with the Army undo the State govern-
ments, followed by the nomination of the
author of that sentiment, on the 4th of July,
for the second office in the gift of the people
and the declaration that the reconstruction acts
were null and void, was it not the fair con-
struction that the President elected under that
platform was to declare the recsnstruction acts
null and void and undo "the carpet-bag State
governments," as he terms them, by the use
of the Army ?
Mr. BLAIR. Undoubtedly he should have
done so if he held the Constitution as I held
it. If I had taken an oath to support the
Constitution I would have supported it against
Congress, as well as against any individual;
and if the Army had been the instrument of
usurpations, as I believed, I should have made
them undo the usurpations ; and, as I remarked
before, the only thing necessary to make them
undo their usurpations was to withdraw the
Army which maintained and still maintains
these carpet-bag governments; and they would
have fallen and dispersed themselves, for they
are not upheld by any sentiment of the people
within those States, but simply by the uncon-
stitutional mandate of Congress and military
power.
Now, sir, I will go on. I again declare that
the Democratic party never instigated any
resistance, except by constitutional means, to
the reconstruction measures; and they had a
right, and it was their duty, to resist them by
all constitutional means; and hence, as they
never instigated any violence, the statement
made by the Senator is not borne out by the
facts. But. sir, I will show him an address—
unfortunately 1 have it not before me now—
which was issued by the Radical members
of the Legislature of North Carolina during
that presidential canvass, which address was
charged to have been written by a Judge
Reade, and, as I am informed, also by the assist-
ance of the Senator from North Carolina now
upon the floor, [Mr. Pool.] That address in-
voked the negroes to destroy the property and
to burn the barns of all persons who should dis-
charge them from service on account of their
politics. Here was an act of the Radical
members of the Legislature 
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. POOL. Because when a charge of
that kind is made, it ought to be met on the
spot. It is well that the Senator has not that
paper, for if he had it he would find that his
statement in regard to it is not true. He has
mistaken it altogether. There was no invok-
ing of any such thing. It was charged by the
Democratic papers that it was so, and he haa
got it probably from them.
Mr. BLAIR. I have a letter addressed to
me by a gentleman well known, whose name
I will give, as the authority :
The Radical members of the Legislature, prior to
the presidential election, issued an address to the
people, in which the negroes were advised to burn
the barns and houses of those who should refuse to
employ them on account of their polities. I think i
have this paper at home, and I am sorry I did not
haveit to lay before your committee. Itwasoharged
at the time, and n ever denied, that this addres-s was
written by John Pool aad Judge Edwin G. Beside
of the supreme court. Messrs. Shober, Leach, and
Waddell can tell you about this address and other
matters.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
DANIEL R. G00DL0E.
Mr. Goodloe was United States marshal for
the district of North Carolina, former editor
of the National Era with the well-known Dr.
Bailey, an original anti-slavery man, and a
supporter of General Grant in the last elec-
tion. He is a man of unblemished character.
Mr. POOL. Well, Mr. President, I only
say that any charge of that kind is false, from
whomsoever it may come, and the address
itself will show it. It was charged, but denied j
and no sensible man who ever read it believes
any such thing, and no truthful man has ever
charged it.
Mr. BLAIR. My colleague on the commit-
tee, the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,}
points to the confessions made by the negroes
who were convicted of barn burning, that they
were instigated to do these things by instruc-
tions in writing from Governor Holden and
others in high authority—that they had written
orders.
Mr. POOL. The Senator is referring to a
paper that he has in his minority report. When
he says "negroes" he is mistaken. It was
one negro, and one only, and he said that J ins
Howell told him so; and that is all there is in
that.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, one negro will do here.
[Laughter.] I meant to say that there were
a number of negroes who were engaged in this
conspiracy, some fifiy-odd in the gang. A
number of them were convicted, one of whom,
by the name of Wilson Dewer, made a con-
fession implicating Governor Holden and the
Radical authorities; and the testimony of one
negro, I think, is good against all of his accom-
plices.
Here is the testimony of this gentleman, Mr.
