358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no power
not to take it from the gentleman's time, as
he is prohibited from doing so by positive
instructions of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I agreed, after I had
occupied two minutes, to move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. CONGER. Why do you not allow the
gentleman from Tennessee a chance to reply?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not the power.
Mr. CONGER. Withdraw your motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I promised the gentle-
man from Illinois that when I had the article
read I would move that the House adjourn, as
he desires to speak in the morning. I do not
therefore yield to the gentleman from Tennes-
see ; but I gave the gentleman in his own time
the opportunity to explain that article, and he
would not do it. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let us take a
recess till eight o'clock to-night instead of
adjourning.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I demand the
regular order.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to; and accordingly (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. PECK: The petition of George
Funy, J. M. Hord, and some 50 others, sol-
diers and citizens of Wood county, Ohio, ask-
ing that a law be passed granting to every
soldier, sailor, and marine who served in the
Union Army or Navy one hundred and sixty
acres of land without requiring actual settle
ment; also, bounty of $8 33J per month to
all who have not received it, from date of
enlistment to discharge.
IN SENATE.
Fuidav, March 31,1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present the
petition of Daniel Little and others, citizens
of Castine, in my State, stating that they have
suffered large damages by French depredations
upon the commerce of the United States prior
to the year 1800. I ask that the petition be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition can
be printed, but the Senate have refused to refer
petitions.- They all lie upon the table under
the restrictive rule which has been adopted
by the Senate. This petition will be ordered
to be printed and lie on the table, if there be
no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. FEN TON. I present the petition and
papers of Simon Van Etten, of Elrnira, New
York, relating to a claim against the Govern-
ment for transporting troops and other matters
connected with the war in the years 1862 and
1803. I ask that the papers may lie on the
table, and when it is proper to refer petitions
I shall propose that these papers go to the
Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will lie on the table at present. If there are
no further petitions, Senate resolutions are
now hi order, if there are no Senate resolu-
tions. the Senate resumes the consideration of
thii i evolution of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
i^iiesmax.] on which the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Pool] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Allow me to
ask the Chair whether joint resolutions of a
Legislature are admissible under the rules ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be re-
ceived. They are in the nature of memorials.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Michigan asking
legislation to authorize settlers upon home-
steads to make proof of settlement before
county clerks of the counties where the lands
were situated; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
order of business.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course I have no
desire to interfere in the slightest degree with
the speech of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, but I wish to ask the Chair whether
there is not other morning business coming
over from yesterday; for example, a resolu-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] whom I do not see in his seat (which
is very unusual, by the way) making some
inquiries in connection with San Domingo?
Mr. SUMNER. Did the Senator refer to
me ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; I did not notice
that the Senator was present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that Senate resolutions which give rise
to objection go on the Calendar exactly the
same as bills, and require a formal motionto
proceed to their consideration, either during
the morning hour, after the conclusion of the
morning business, or during the day when
there is no business before the Senate; but
they are not called up at any time by the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course the Chair must
be right as to the order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the usage;
and the Senior from North Carolina is enti-
tled to the floor, no Senator moving to take
up any other subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that, knowing
that the Senator from North Carolina expected
to occupy the floor to-day, and also not having
a paper which I wished, I forbore to call the
resolution up. I shall call it up, I give notice,
at an early day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be moved,
or any other resolution which lies over, after
Senate resolutions have been called for.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But it requires
a formal motion.
PROTECTION OF LIFE, ETC., AT THE SOUTH.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Sher-
man on the 10th instant:
Resolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oath, and secret obligations, are proven
to exist in the State of North Carolina, and have, by
force, terror, and violence, defied civil authority in
that State, and by organized perjury have rendered
the courts powerless to punish the crimes they have
committed, thus overthrowing the safety of person
and property, and the rights which are the primary
basis of civil government, and which are guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States to all its
citizens ; and as there is good reason to believe that
similar organizations exist, and have produced sim-
ilar results in many parts of thelate insurrectionary
States; therefore, the Judiciary Committee is in-
structed to report a bill or bills to enable the Pres-
ident and the courts of the United States to execute
the laws, punish and prevent such organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens the rights so guaran-
tied to them.
Mr. POOL proceeded to address the Senate.
Having spoken till one o'clock,
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from North Carolina yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen for the pur-
pose of saying that the morning hour has ex-
pired. I gave notice the other day that at the
expiration of that time to-day I would ask the
Senate to go into executive session for the
purpose of considering a number of treaties
which have not yet been acted upon.
Mr. CORBETT. I trust we shall not go
into executive session now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania, who
was not in at the opening of tbe session, that
there being scarcely any morning business, the
unfinished business of yesterday was taken up
at fifteen minutes after twelve o1 clock, and con-
sequently there was no morning hour to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not interrupt the Senator
from North Carolina in his speech, but will
allow Mm to conclude before making that
motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I certainly shall not
interrupt the Senator from North Carolina if
he can get through his speech in a short time ;
but if it is going to take some time, I think
the Senator had better postpone it until we
meet again.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. POOL. I shall certainly take a very
considerable length of time if the Senate will
bear with me, and I shall not object to the
Senator's motion, if that be the pleasure of
the Senate. I shall not be interrupted by
it. Nothing can interrupt the thread of my
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina yield to the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania ? He is entitled to the
floor if he declines to yield.
Mr. POOL. I will yield if it be the pleasure
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope the Senate
will not agree to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much obliged
to the Senator, because it is important that
these treaties should be acted upon now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina yields to the Senatorfrora
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate itself
will not yield to a motion of this kind under
the circumstances, in the midst of the speech
of the Senator from North Carolina. The Sen-
ator is making a prepared, elaborate speech,
and it seems to me that those treaties can wait
for two or three hours longer.
Mr. CAMERON. I certainly would be the
last man to be guilty of a discourteous aet to
a brother Senator, but I said I would make the
motion, provided it would be just as agreeable
to the Senator from North Carolina to finish
his speech hereafter. I understand it will take
three or four hours more. That of course will
occupy the whole day. If it be the pleasure
of the Senate, and agreeable to the Senator
from North Carolina, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
"eMr. CORBETT. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina yields to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CAMERON. While I am on the floor
I move that when the Senate does adjourn
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent during the pendency of thisreso-.
lution.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think we ought
to do that.
Mr. MORTON. I object to it.
Mr. CAMERON. Cannot we take the yeas
and nays upon it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can ■
not be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move to lay aside
the pending resolution for the purpose of mak-
ing that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
