1871,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
The Senator from North Carolina has yielded
to the Senator from Pennsylvania, who moves
to lay the pending resolution upon the table
for the purpose of entering a motion for an
adjournment to Monday.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. May I inquire if the
Senator from North Carolina yielded for that
purpose also, to adjourn over until Monday ?
I thought he merely yielded for a motion to
go into executive session.
Mr. POOL. I yield to take the pleasure of
the Senate on anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator had
so stated.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose we take the
pleasure of the Senate on the propriety of sit-
ting here to morrow and working, if we have
anything to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable under the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator from
North Carolina is through the Senator from
Pennsylvania can make that motion in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather make it
now. It has already occupied all the time that
is necessary, and if it is withdrawn now we
shall have to go through it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The motion is
not debatable. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to lay the
pending resolution on the table, for the pur-
pose of entertaining a motion to adjourn to
Monday.
The motion was agreed to ; there being oil a
division—ayes 25, noes 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania now moves than when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meeton Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that ths House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 21) to pay members of cer-
tain military organizations therein named; and
A bill (S. No. 88) to amend an act "entitled
"An act to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts."
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R! No. 322) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the ship William P. Storer, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 16th instant,
a communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting copies of the reports made to the
Department of State by Samuel B. Ruggles,
delegate from the United States to the inter-
national statistical congress at the Hague, in
the year 1869 ; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the Presidentof the United States, inanswerto
a resolution of the Senate of the 17th instant,
transmitting the report recently made of a
board of officers of the engineer department
on the condition of the Mississippi river near
Vicksburg, Mississippi; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
protection of like, etc., at the south.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio now moves that the Senate resume the
consideration of his resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL resumed the floor and concluded
his speech, which, being reserved for revision,
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BLAIR obtained the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator from
Missouri desire to proceed this afternoon, or
■would he prefer an executive t,ession ?
Mr. BLAIR. I should prefer to speak on
Monday, as I expect to follow a number of
gentlemen who have already spoken in their
examination of this testimony, and it will
necessarily take some time. I will give way
to the Senator from Rhode Island.
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After'forty-three minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were "reopened,
and (at three o'clock and forty-eight minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 31; 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was- read and
approved.
paper for national bank notes, etc.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous .consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to this House an estimate of the
number of pounds of paper that will bo required to
replace the present national bank circulation, and
also the cost per pound oftbe distinctivo papcrnow
used for legal-tender notes, fractional currency, and
the-bond paper for the loan of 1870, together with
the number of pounds of such distinctive paper, or
paper with the localizing fiber of all descriptions
whatsoever classifying the same, which have been
ordered and received from July 1, 1869, up to April
I, 1871. giving therewith the amount paid thcrctor,
and also the amount paid per pound for the paper
used for the national bank currenc^pas well as the
amount paid per pound for the fractional currency,
legal-tender notes, and bond paper, prior to the
adoption of the paper known as the distinctive
paper; and also a. description of the fiber used in
the so-called localizing fiber paper.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"change op ship's name.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration at this time, a
bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the name of the ship William F.
Storer.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objection to its present consideration
will be in order.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the name of
the ship William F. Storer, of which Chailes
H. Marshall & Co., of the city of New York,
are the agents and ship's husband, to that of
Hamilton Fish, and to grant to said vessel a
register under the said name of Hamilton Fish,
and provides that said vessel shall be exempt
from any additional tonnage dues in eonse-
quenee of such change of name.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall have to object,
unless there is a special recommendation from
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WHEELER. The bill, with the memo-
rial and accompanying papers, has been sub-
mitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
has his indorsement.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman state
the reason for making this change?
Mr. WHEELER. It is a mere matter of
compliment to the Secretary of State. The
vessel is seven eighths new, and the owners, as
a compliment to the Secretary of State, desire
to name the vessel after him.
There being no objection, the bill (II. R.
No. 322) to change the name of the ship Wil-
liam *F. Storer was received, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
courts of Virginia:
Mr. TERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table, for considera- '
tion at the present time, a bill (S. No. 88) to
amend an act entitled "An act to divide the
State of Virginia into two judicial districts."
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. TERRY. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain the necessity for this bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to object
until the gentleman shall have made his explan-
ation.
Mr. TERRY. At the last session of Con-
gress a law was passed creating two judicial
districts in Virginia. This law provided that
in the transmission of papers from one court
to the other the entire record should be copied.
This is very expensive and greatly delays jus-
tice in our Stat-e. This bill is an amendment to ^
the act of last Congress and provides merely
for the transfer of causes from one court to the
other withoutvCopying the_ record.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the additional
district has already been formed and a judge
appointed, and this is simply to carry the law
oflast session into effect, any further opposition
would be unavailing. I therefore withdraw
the objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to hear the
bill read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objections, if any, will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that the
second clause of the sixth section of the act
entitled " An act to divide the State of Vir-
ginia into two judicial districts" be amended
as follows :
That the clerk of the circuit or district court of
the eastern district of Virginia shall transmit the
original papers and certified copies of all orders in
any suitor proceeding which shall be removed for
further proceedings from the eastern to the western
district of Virginia, as authorized by the first clause
of the said sixth section of the act aforesaid, to the
clerk of the court to which such suit or proceeding
shall be removed, together with a statement of all
costs; and all further proceedings shall be had in
the court to which the same shall be removed as if
the said suit or proceeding had originally been com-
menced therein.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this is manifestly a
bill merely regulating practice in the courts,
I can see no objection to it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Does it create a
new judicial district?
Mr. TERRY. It does not. The judges of
the courts, I understand, desire this bill to be
passed.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WESTPORT POLICE GUARDS, ETC.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
consideration at this time, Senate bill No. 21,
to pay members of certain military organiza-
tions therein named.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which it will be in order, to object to its
present consideration.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the military organizations known as
the Westport police guards, Hickman's Mills
company, and companies A, B, C, D, and E
of the Kansas City station guards, having
been called into the service of the United
States in the year 1863, in the district of the
border department of Alissouri, under author-
ity derived from Major General John M. Scho-
field, of the United States Army, be, and are
hereby, placed on the same footing as to pay .
and allowances as volunteers in the service of
