1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
Goodloe, who refers me to members of the other
House from North Carolina, one of whom I saw
this morning, and who confirmed the statement
that this address issued by the members of the
Legislature of the Radical party, supposed to
have been written by these two distinguished
leaders of that party, and charged to have been
written by them, did inculcate the duty of these
negroes to burn and destroy the property of
all men who should discharge them from ser-
vice on account of their politics. I refer also
to the evidence of Mr. Kerr in regard to Sen-
ator Stephens, and his confession that these
things were to be done; and they were done
as they were planned. Now, sir, this Radical
organization, secret, of the "ignorant and
superstitious negroes," as the Senator from
Ohio has called them, sworn in the presence
of blue lights and red lights and all the other
mysterious accessories that could be thrown
around to impress their feeble minds, are abso-
lutely advised by their leaders to commit these
outrages, and do commit them and are con-
victed of their commission. It is easy to see
where the disturbances arose; it is easy to see
who instigated them and who committed them.
You need not go as far as New York to hear
the temperate advice which was given by the
Democratic convention to maintain the old
Constitution, by all constitutional means to
resist the aggressions of a band of usurpers
and conspirators to destroy our Government;
you need not go there to find where these dis-
orders originated.
In the nature of things, a set of men go down
South, naked adventurers, lusting for the spoils
of a State; they make use of these ignorant
and superstitious negroes; convene them in
secret leagues, sworn societies, and let them
loose to depredate upon the property and upon
the lives of the citizens there. That this thing
should naturally have given rise to measures
of defense, every man will admit was prob-
able. It did; and associations were made,
and the witnesses testify that this Ku Klux
organization, as it was called, was formed be-
cause when these negroes were tried, caught,
and convicted, they were pardoned by Gov-
ernor Holden, and that there was no other
means of restraining them from their devasta-
tions and from their crimes.
Sir, the southern people from all time have
been known as a people who were disinclined
to secret societies of any kind. They were
more repugnant to them than any other class
of people whom I know. For a long period
of time they eschewed the ballot and voted
viva voce, such was their dislike to any secret
method in their political affairs, and they were
late in going into this thing, and went into it
only under the pressure of proscription, of des-
potism. Sir, these secret leagues and these
disorders are the spawn of despotism.
Oppression has in all times and in all coun-
tries been the prolific mother of disorder, and of
that species of disorder which has called forth
the Carbonari of Europe and all the other secret
societies in Europe. These secret combinations
have arisen from the pressure of despotism.
These people of the South were absolutely
free from them until their governments were
taken away from them, until local self-govern-
ment was denied to them; all the people of
intelligence made incapable of holding office
and incapable of voting at the first election,
when this combination of earpgt-baggers and
scalawags and negroes was madeto seize their
governments and to plunder the&.States at
large and the individuals—never until that
time, and when the Governor of the State would
pardon as fast as convictions were had, were
these organizations made, because they were
essential to the safety of the people.
Sir, you need not go back to the Democratic
convention for the declarations of the Demo-
cratic party to find who instigated and who
created these disturbances. They were insti-
gated here, and created here. I do not mean
that the members of Congress directly insti-
gated these men to these crimes and disorders,
but they commenced their measures of oppres-
sion ; they struck down self-government at the
South ; they put the governments in the hands
of an incapable, inefficient set of people,
without character, whom nobody could respect.
The magistrates were of such a character that
they could not enforce obedience to the law,
and inspired no respect for them or for the law.
What right had the Congress of the United
States, after setting the example of violence
and of lawlessness, to expect the observance
of law from others ? After they had trampled
the Constitution under foot, robbed the people
of a whole section of the country of all the
rights guarantied to them in the Constitution
for their personal security and for the security
of their property, what right had these invaders
of the law and violators of the law to expect
obedience to it from other persons? Sir, I said
the other day in a running debate that the
Congress of the United States was the old
original Ku Klux organization, and I believed
it and still believe it!
The Senator from Pennsylvania in his speech
undertook to animadvert upon the animus, as
he called it, of the minority of the committee
in the expression of their views. He under-
took to display what the animus of the minority
was by reading a few brief extracts from their
report, their allusions to the testimony of wit-
nesses, and because in that report a man was
spoken of as "Red-eyed Bill Albright," and
he was characterized as a man who had been
in a lunatic asylum, it was supposed to indicate
a very bad animus on the part of the minority.
Now, sir, allow me to Say that this Albright
voluntarily announced that he was known all
over the Staters " Red-eyed Bill Albright," at
page 82. He had a nephew called by a very sim-
ilar name, and he chose to distinguish himself
in this way. The Senator also went on to say
that he had been in the lunatic asylum only
two months. He will find by looking a little
closer at the testimony of D. W. Kerr, pages
339 and 340, that he was in the asylum six
months and more, and his mind a good deal
disordered before he went in. Rogers, at page
343, asserts that Albright took money for his
pardon. At page 83 the Senatowwill find the
evidence of Albright himself, in which he
alleges that all his own brothers and brothers-
in-law were members of this organization, and
that they all were seeking to assassinate him ;
and that he apprehended assassination from
his own father-in-law and all his relations,
showing that the man who had been in the
lunatic asylum for six months and more, and
whose mind was disordered before that, had
still a disordered mind.
Now, it must be borne in recollection that
this man Albright was one of the principal
witnesses. He was a man who manufactured
testimony, who procured all these confessions;
a lunatic himself, a violent man, a brigadier
general under Holden, threatening and com-
pelling these people to sign papers which they
testified before the committee they never read
and never signed and never authorized any-
body to sign for them. This is the man im-
peached by the minority because of his lunacy
and because he was a manufacturer of the
most important testimony brought before the
committee.
If that shows the animus of the minority, I
think it will show a mind intent upon finding
the truth and exposing the villains who have
concocted and manufactured this testimony.
I was not present when his examination was
had, but my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Bayard] came up from the room and told me
that he asked some other witness, because he
saw it in the appearance of Albright when be-
fore the committee, whether he had ever been
insane or in an insane asylum. He judged it
merely from his look. This lunatic who figures
so largely in the report, who is the manufac-
turer of testimony, and the most important
testimony relied upon by the majority of the
committee, the confession of a long list, as it
purports to be, of former Ku Klux—this man,
notoriously violent in his character, testified
before the committee that he was afraid of
assassination by his own brothers and his
father-in-law and his brothers-in-law. He
certainly stood in a different attitude to those
relatives than some other persons in that party.
[Laughter.]
I have not time to discuss much of this tes-
timony, I find I shall have to pass over some
of it more rapidly than I intended to do.
Although the testimony taken before the
committee applies only to the State of North
Carolina, it shows distinctly the truth of all the
allegations I made in reference to the organ-
ization of this Loyal League, about its having
preceded the organization of the Ku Klux, and
the purpose of the organization. They are all
shown in the testimony which is quoted at large
in the minority report.
When these men gathered together in the
Legislature - to which they were elected and
were to be sworn in, the judge who came to
swear in the members of the Legislature an-
nounced that he should exclude certain mem-
bers, who could not take a certain oath, under
instructions from General Canby. The Legis-
lature was then organized with only such per-
sons as the negroes and carpet-baggers chose
to elect to the Legislature, and of those some
were rejected by the military commander.
This Legislature at its first meeting appropri-
ated $25,000,000 in bonds of the State to ad-
venturers, under the pretext of building rail-
roads in that State, and the testimony shows
that not $500,000of that sum was ever applied
to the construction of railroads or to the public
works for which it was appropriated ; that the
Presidents and others made away with it.
Here the people of the State of North Garo-
lina were plundered to the tune of fifteen or
sixteen million dollars by this Legislature,
$10,000,000 appropriated having been declared
unconstitutional by the courts ; otherwise the
people would have been robbed by the carpet-
baggers and negroes of $25,000,000. An at-
tempt was made by the majority of the com-
mittee in examining the witnesses to inculpate
a few Democrats, to show that certain Dem-
ocrats were in these railroad rings. That is
true; but the political power of the State was
ill the hands of the negroes and their carpet-
bag leaders. They were responsible for this
legislation. They stripped the people of fifteen
or sixteen million dollars. All the- witnesses
testify that this action on the part of the Legis-
lature spread consternation and terror through-
out the State ; that the people saw that their
property was being confiscated and annihilated
by this species of legislation ; that the election
was carried against Holden and his party
mainly on this issue of their corruption, fraud,
and swindling; that it was the only issue in
the election until Holden attempted to save
himself by using military power, by calling
out the militia, and pretending that two of th,e
counties were in insurrection, and at the same
time threatening all the other counties with a
similar visitation.
The President was called upon for troops.
They also came, and were stationed in these
so-called insurrectionary counties. But the
tide could not be stayed. The illegal and
unconstitutional action of the Governor, in-
stead of arresting by intimidation the aroused
people of North Carolina, only added fuel to
the fire. They saw that this man not only
desired to plunder them, but he was willing
to murder them if they would not submit
