122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3.
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong. ... 1st Skss.
quietly to be plundered. He-ce the defeat
and the overthrow of this party, and hence
the appeal tc Congress to reinstate these men
in power.
North Carolina is not an isolated State in
that respect. The same policy has bred the
same evils everywhere iq the South. Where
ever reconstruction has gone it has carried
with it plunder and recklessness and law-
lessness and violence. I read the other day
with great pleasure and satisfaction a speech
delivered on this floor by one of the Senators
from South Carolina $ indeed, I may say
speeches by both the Senators from South
Carolina, because each of them delivered a
speech on the same topic on the same day
with kindred views. I will say of those Sen-
ators that they did themselves honor in this,
that they did not dishonor their people from
whom their positions were derived and from
whom all their honors come. It seems almost
impossible for men to occupy the places once
held in this Senate by the illustrious men who
once represented South Carolina without being
inspired by elevated thoughts. Sir, let me
read the testimony borne by one of those Sen-
ators. How very different it is from the style
of some of these so-called representatives
from the southern States. It is a new thing
for a Senator or Representative to malign the
people whom he purports to represent; but
although it is a new thing, it is well described
by the old aphorism that 44 it is a dirty bird
that fouls its own nest." I am very glad to
be able to bear my testimony to the honorable
and high-toned language held by the Senators
from South Carolina. Said the Senator who
sits on my right, [Mr. Sawyer:]
ilTho war ended years ago. The armies of tho
rebellion surrendered to those of the Union. The
cause of the rebellion was lost. Its advocates ad-
mitted the triumph of the Union. They abandoned,
in terms and in fact, the issues; they had made. They
acknowledged tho cause decided against them by
the last arbiter. They abandoned tho dreams of
their youth, their manhood, and their old-age. They
ceased to regard the question whether their render-
ing of the Constitution or ours was abstractly right
as an open ono. The provisions of the national
charter had been interpreted amid tho gleam of
sword-blades, the roar of cannon, the rattle of mus-
ketry, on a thousand fields. The decision had been
soaled by the blood of a million men; no court
was competent to reverse or overrule a judgment
illustrated and ratified by the agonios of multitudes
of widows and orphans, by the wails of fathers,
mothers, sisters, and brothers, all over the land.
The man who to-day should express the hope or the
expectation that the present century would witness
a serious attempt to controvert tho positions estab-
lished by the war would meet the derision of every
sane man who lifted his arm for the succcss of the
confederacy,"
That is the testimony borne by the Senator
from South Carolina in reference to a people
with whom he is well acquainted, and the
same testimony comes from his colleague who
sits on my left, [Mr. Robertson.]
Now, sir, I will give you the Senator's de-
scription of the men who bear authority in
South Carolina, and you may judge how well
calculated they are to inspire respect for law;
"I beliove that in South Carolina at least, and
probably in many othor States, the turbulent and
riotous spirit which induces these outrages comes
from opposition to the local administration." *
* * * "The pretext for their action is mal-
administration of Stats and county affairs. Their
devilish doings are claimed by them to be in the
interest of just punishment for crimes which other-
wise would go unwhipped of justice.''
And have gone unwhipped of justice.
"I am not prepared to deny that maladministra-
tion has occurred in many of the southern States. I
know such to have been the fact. I do not think it
would have been less likely to occur if the govern-
ment had been in Democratic hands. On the con-
trary, other things being equal, i think quite the
reverse would have been the case. 1 am informed
that the white Democrat in southern Legislatures
sells his vote as often and as cheaply as the black or
white Republican.
"But how comes it that we have Legislatures,
either Republican or Democratic, which are bought
and sold at the pleasure of any man who will pay
for them? Note, sir, I do not say that such is the
fact, I only ask. if such be the fact, why is it? I
answer, your reconstruction laws excluded from
seats in those Legislatures almost all men of known
political character, almost all men of recognized
social standing, almost all men having a property
interest in the States reconstructed. It was a gen-
eral necessity to elect either men who had never
been before recognized as having peculiar fitness
for office among the white race, or strangers whose
recent advent to our community precluded any con-
siderable degree of acquaintance with or interest in
the requirements of the State, or black men whoso
lives had been passed in bondage and ignorance.
Of the first class it is enough to say that we had no
right to expocfc any great excellence as legislators
unless they were born such. We had no right to
expect with confidence the display of extraordinary
gifts* in men whose lives had hitherto given no evi-
dence of their existence. They had not been tried.
It was certainly unreasonable to expect that trial
would develop either an unusual amount of capacity
or integrity in men whom their neighbors had never
before thought worth trying at all.
41 Of the second class it is enough to say that we
were still more in the dark with regard to them. They
might be excellent men who had come with mission-
ary purpose to inculcate the political ideas which
had made the States of their origin great and pow-
erful; they might be men who, having nothing in
the way of character at home, the loss of which would
not benefit them, had the laudable desire to acquire
one in the South they might think worth keeping.
We have been fortunate in acquiring some of them.
They are an honorboth to the State which gave them
birth and to that which they have made their home.
Others we would gladly return to those States whose
political fortunes are so assured as to rentier the
presence of a few more or less knaves or charlatans
of little moment. To us they are a curse. Their
professions are of the loudest; their doeds are of the
foulest.
" It is of the black men, however, that a large pro-
portion of the officers of South Carolina and of its
counties and of the members of the General Assem-
bly are composed. Now and then we have an able,
' upright, well-educated black man, who shows what
his race is capable of under the influences which we
hope to see yet surround it. Bat I ask you. Mr.
President, what you had a right to expect of the
blacks of the South in the capacity of public officers.
Had they not for seven generations been subject to
the direction of others? Was this a training which
would suddenly fit them to direct their own action
intelligently? Had they ever been placed where
they depended on themselves ? Did they not habit-
ually and of necessity depend on others for counsel,
for control,for direction? Could you expect to find
them self-reliant, independent, uncontrolled by
demagogues, tricksters, and knaves?"
"Having been slaves, completely subject to the will
of masters all their lives, did you expect they could
assume ail at once the habits of thought and action
of free, sol f-poised, unbiased, intelligent legislators ?
Having labored all their lives tor the benefit of
others, and having had their material wants always
supplied under the guardianship of others, did you
suppose they would use the money they earnedas
freemen with the discretion and judgment which
belong to men who have always labored for and
supported themselves? Stinted to the gratification
of a few of the most simple wants by the masters
whom they seized, rarely having seen money which
was their own, did you expect they would resist the
temptation to put abundance in their own pockets
when a vote of yea or nay would do it?''
This is the account, faithful, not overcharged,
given by the Senator from South Carolina, as
to the maladministration of the local govern-
ments at the South, and as to the effect of that
maladministration, and also the cause of it.
Every man must recognize the truth of this
picture, and he must recognize also that it is
painted with a delicate and forbearing hand. I
will give you some further testimony. I have
the testimony of certain newspapers printed in
South Carolina. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] told us with a great flourish when
he opened that he would give us Democratic
testimony, and he read us testimony from Dem-
ocratic newspapers. I propose to. give some
Republican testimony, from Republican news-
papers. The Columbia Union, the Radical
organ at the seat of government of South Car-
olina, openly announces "as one of the causes
of the existing discontent " in that State and
u as lying at the root of the whole matter the
profligate and irresponsible manner in which
the Legislature performed its work during the
last session." This is the testimony of the
Radical official organ at the capital of the State
in reference to the conduct of its own party
and in vindication of the declarations of that
truth which is apparent and in open view on
every side. So, too, the Republican in Charles
ton. the lladical organ in that city, in a recent
editorial states as one of the evils which cannot
be denied " that the late slaves practically rule
the late masters;" that " demagogues led them
not only to believe that their late masters were
in every case their foes, and therefore to be
excluded from every office, but also led thent.
to the fatal blunder of putting men in office
simply because they were colored that uin
the last election many of the men elevated to
office were placed there for this one simple
reason, that they were colored. Some of those
had no fitness for office."
Another reason that it assigns is "corrupt
and incompetent officers." And it adds:
" This we have too often admitted and condemned
to need to give a further admission and condemna-
tion now. The evil is of startling magnitude. It
not only affects the Legislature, but through other
ranks down to trial justices; heavy taxation, in part
made necessary by bad measures passed by the Legis-
lature; the militia so organized that, as claimed, the
whites have not the same advantage as the colored
people."
In another sentence it is stated, with much
frankness and truth, that "there are men in
office who had better hammer stones in the
penitentiary." This is the picture given of
the South Carolina Legislature by the Radical
organs of the State in rather darker colors than
that painted by tho Senator. I have here also
extracts from Democratic papers printed in
South Carolina, which it would be well for
gentlemen to ponder. The Charleston Courier
says:
" We have already said that the real condition of
affairs in the South can alone be judged by an eye
witness. Eulod by those who are in no way her
representatives, and who well know that their day
of desolating power is over, when she shall again be
' clothed and in her right mind,' it is not surprising
that these should exaggerate every occurrence, ap-
peal to every prejudice and passion, and even invoke
the aid of the Federal bayonets to maintain them
in their empire over an oppressed and subjected
people. For the present condition of affairs the
people of the South are not responsible. It has
been established against their solemn protest and
their earnest will. The war over, they accepted the
Government and the Constitution of the United
States with the only hope of a common unity and
fraternity. That they have been deprived of self-
government, treated as conquered provinces, their
property, rule, finances, and freedom made tho mere
sport of party spoils, until driven to the verge of
actual confiscation and ruin, is not their fault. They
would have had it otherwise. But this has not been
permitted.
"And now to-day we are to have repeated over
again the fable of the wolf and the-lamb. The
South is to be held responsible for the muddling of
the stream. President Grant calls upon Congress
for a bill * for the suppression of outrages at the'
South.' Let Congress see then that the South is
restored to honest and competent government; that
she is no longer held under subjection to ignorance
and misrule; that she is freed from the bands which
now bind her, hand and foot, despoiling her people,
her freedom, and her substance, and restored to self-
government, and there will be complete and per-
fect peace. The cause being removed, the natural
results will cease.
"When will the people of the United States open
their eyes to the real truth, and demand, by a return
to civil liberty and a true freedom, the supremacy
of concord, amity, and fraternity?"
The Charleston Courier, in another article,
says:
"The real cause of the troubles in South Carolina
is to be found in the character of the'Legislature and
the mode in which the government is administered.
If we would remove the difficulty and insure peace
we must trace and recognize the source from which
hostility springs. The recent election law was a
declaration of war on the part of the State govern-
ment against the vital portion of the people. It was
so monstrous in its purposes and so covered all over
with patent fraud as to amount to a design to seize
and take charge again of the State, with all its
powers and offices, without regard to a pure elective
franchise.
"The managers and commissioners of elections
were appointed alone by the Republican party.
Many of them were themselves candidates for offici
and interested in the result of the election, Instead
of the votes being-counted on the clo&e of the elec-
tion, the ballot-boxes were in the private custody of
the managers thus appointed for several days, with
every opportunity of changing the result. In many
instances these wore not even then openly counted
by the commissioners. Tho frauds are now univer-
sally admitted. They could not be concealed. The
people felt that they had been cheated out of their
election to a great extent, and that they were power-
less lor right. There was naturally great irritation
