360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
the United States. The second section directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department to adjust the accounts of the mem-
bers of the above-described organizations, and
on presentation of properly authenticated rolls
showing the names of the officers and men
belonging to such organizations, and of such
other evidence as may be required to fully
prove such service, to pay the amount out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated ; provided, however, that this act
shall not be so construed as to entitle the
members of such military organizations to
bounty and pensions under any laws of the
United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. This bill passed the House
during the last session of Congress, but did
not reach the Senate in time to be acted upon
there. When considered in the House the
latter clause of the second section was placed
« upon the hill on motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and it then passed
without a dissenting voice in the House. I
have in my hands the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs, which explains the matter
fully.
Mr. HOLMAN. What will be the expense
of carrying this bill into effect?
Mr. SLOCUM. I cannot tell exactly. It
is to pay four or five companies of soldiers
who were in the service and never received
any pay f'or it.
Mr. DAWES. Are these the companies
iv ho served some eighteen months without
pay ?
Mr. SLOCUM. They are.
Mr. DAWES. Then I hope the bill will
pass.
Mr. SLOCUM. This bill was considered
in the House for an hour or more when it was
passed and no objection was made to its
passago.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCLJM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
potomac, virginia.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table, for consideration at this time,
Senate bill No. 80, to create a port of delivery
at Potomac, Virginia, and for other purposes ;
and I ask the Clerk to read some extracts
from a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, which will fully explain the objects of
the bill. I think that letter will satisfy every
member of this House that the bill should
pass.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It has been represented to the Department that a
number of important railroads now in the process
ot construction terminate at the town of Potomac,
and that to complete thoso roads a large quantity
of railroad iron will, in the course of the year, be
imported into the United States which it is desired
to land at that place. For thebo and other reasons,
it is submitted that Potomac should be made a port
ot delivery. I can see no objection to the measure
becoming a law.
^ Y°i1^,^10wever' recommend that the bill be so
oraenaea as to annex the waters and shores about
Potomac, (now a part of the district of Tappahanock.)
to the district ot Alexandra, and also to create the
office ot deputy coil ector of customs at a fixed salary
in lieu of that of a surveyor of customs, as well as to
aoohbh the port of delivery at the town of Dumfries
where there is notsuffieient water for boats to touch,
and which is no longer of any use as a customs port
no officer having been stationed thereat for a number
of year?.
"I will inclose for your consideration an amended
bill, which meets with the views of this Department
nnd under which ali the receipts ot the port would
be required to be deposited to the credit of tho
treasurer ot the United States.
"It will also enable the Department to confer upon
sn officer a!i the necessary authority to transact
customs business at that place."
Mr. HOLMAN. As this seems to be for
the special benefit of some railroad corpora-
tions I must object.
Mr. RANDALL. And for the benefit of
manufacturers of foreign railroad iron.
order of business.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to call
for the regular order of business. Before
doing so, however, I feel called upon, by
what has been said all around me, by gentle-
men on both sides of the House, to make a
proposition to the House; it is that unanimous
consent be given that at half-past four o'clock
this afternoon the House take a recess until
half-past seven o'clock this evening, and that
a session be held to night for debate only.
Otherwise I fear we shall not be able to get
through the discussion upon this bill in a
reasonable time. So many members have
already entered their names as desiring to ad-
dress the House on this subject that, in order
to gratify all, I give the most unlimited oppor-
tunity of debate, I think it would be wise for
us to hold a session to night for debate only.
I therefore submit that proposition to the
House.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the same arrangement be made as
to to-morrow.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. RANDALL. I want it understood that
no business shall be done to-morrow.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. Then let it be understood
that there shall be a session to-night and
to-morrow, for debate only.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Does my colleague
[Mr. Shellabarger] propose to call the pre-
vious question on Monday?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not propose
to call the previous question on Monday; but
I do propose that on that day all general
debate shall cease and the business debate on
amendments be entered upon, under some
limitation as to time; for instance, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, under the five-minutes
rule. In other words, I propose that on Mon-
day we shall commence the consideration of
the bill in its details.
Mr. DOX. Say Tuesday.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, I will say to my col-
league, that so far as I am personally con-
cerned, I believe I have not been very arrogant
in my claims to the right of debate on this
floor; but 1 do claim the right to at least
thirty minutes in this debate at some time and
from somebody.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why does the gentleman
say "from somebody ?" I think he ought to
claim the floor as a right as a member of the
House.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I have given that up.
Mr. WADDBLL. I hope that the Repre-
sentatives of those States that are the particu-
lar defendants in this indictment will have an
opportunity to be heard in the debate. I do
not wish to intrude myself on the House ; but
as one of the Representatives-of the State of
North Carolina, which is principally attacked
by this legislation, I shall ask thirty minutes
from the House at some convenient time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is suggested,
Mr. Speaker, and the suggestion seems very
proper, that for the present we do not make
any arrangement which shall postpone beyond
Monday the entering upon business debate on
amendments. If at that time it should be
found that there is a general desire for the
extension of the debate until Tuesday, we can
make that arrangement. But now, if there is
no objection, I desire it shall be ordered that
at four and a half o'clock to-day the House
take a recess till half past seven o'clock, the
evening session to be for debate only.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Before that proposition
is agreed to I wish to say a word. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, as I understand, states now,
what was substantially the understanding of
the House at the inauguration of the discus-
sion upon this question, that debate should
run in a general way upon this bill until
Monday.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Unless the House
should before that time order otherwise.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There was, I grant, no
positive agreement; but it was suggested by the
gentleman, and acceded to by others, that the
debate should run at least until Monday.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Very well; let it
be so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If on Monday the gen-
tleman should see fit to call the previous ques-
tion and the House should think it proper to
sustain the proposition, we should have noth-
ing to say, because such action would be in
accordance with the rules of the House. But
I want to suggest to the gentleman that instead
of fixing now a session for this evening, it be
understood that the debate shall run through
the day, and that when the time of our usual
adjournment comes we then see what is the
disposition of the House with regard to an even-
ing session. If at that time there should be
gentlemen who desire to debate this bill during
the evening, we can then agree upon a recess
and an evening session. 1 will certainly make
no objection then. But it seems to me we can-
notnowmake such anarrangementunderstand-
ingly. Let the debate go on until the hour
when we ordinarily adjourn ; and then, if it be,
found desirable, we can fix an evening session
for debate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Does the gentle-
man object to agreeing now that we meet for
debate at half past seven o'clock this even-
ing? Let us agree to that much.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And let us agree that
sooner than Monday the previous question shall
not be called or the business debate entered
upon. I hear no one whp desires to debate
this evening. Is there any gentleman who
desires to speak this evening?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There are plenty
of them.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am told there are
more than fifty on the list.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire at some
time to address the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes that the debate run on to-day until
half past four o'clock, and that the House then
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening, for debate only, upon the pending
bill.
kr. RANDALL. And I suggest that the
same order be made in reference to the session
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. And if there be no objec-
tion the same order will be made touching the
debate to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. For to-morrow's session
only. I do not want to fasten on the House
a session to-morrow night. I suggest that the
session for to morrow be for debate only.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish the Speaker would
state precisely what the arrangement is, so that
the House may understand it.
The .SPEAKER. That tho session for to-
morrow shall be for debate only on this bill.
The Chair hears no objection, and it will bo so
ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I reserve the right to
make objection. The gentlemen who desire
to debate this evening will find themselves
their only listeners.
Mr. RANDALL. That is their lookout.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman is mis-
taken, for if I have the floor to-night I am
sure everybody will be here. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman willfind
himself responsible on his own guarantee.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to print a substitute for the pend-
ing bill, which, at the proper time, he proposed
to offer.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us know exactly what
