1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
is the order for business hereafter. I do not
think it is now understood by the House.
The SPEAKER. Under the order made by
tinanimous consent the other day, the Chair
cannot entertain anything except privileged
questions. The pending proposition will remain
before the House to the exclusion of all other
business until disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
nine minutes past twelve o'clock. The first
business in order is the consideration of House
bill No. 320, to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes,
upon which the gentleman from Illinois is
entitled to the floor for fifty-four minutes
remaining of his hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. BINGHAM
addressed the House, in speeches which will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I feel gratified
to be afforded this opportunity of addressing
the House upon the important bill now under
consideration. It was remarked by my hon-
orable friend from New York [Mr. Wood]
that he had never approached'a measure con-
nected with the legislation of this country which
impressed him with more solemnity than the bill
now under consideration; and I confess, feel-
ing as he does, that I owe it not only to my-
self, but to the constituency which I am herein
part to represent, to present my views-at large
upon a measure which I consider more vital
than any which has heretofore engaged the
attention of this House.
My honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] remarked in his eloquent speech of
yesterday that he did not be lieveany member
of this House could be returned to the place
• which he occupies on this floor who recorded
his assent to the provisions of this bill. I
hope he has properly estimated the public sen-
timent of the country as to the enormity of any
such legislation as is here proposed. Certain
it is, that if this bill passes yon will never have
an opportunity, in my opinion, of witnessing
again a free expression of the popular voice
in returning to this House those who may he
called upon to represent -us in the future.
While, therefore, my honorable friend may be
entirely justified in the remark which he has
made, under a free expression of the popular
will, he may find it very different in the view
which I have suggested.
The able and exhaustive argument which
has been made on the constitutional features
of tiiis bill by my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kbrr] will render it unnecessary for me to
go over ground which has been already so
well and carefully occupied by him. I am con-
tent to leave the bill, in this connection, in
the main where he has left it, and to confine
myself m the remarks which I propose to sub-
mit to the more popular view, in reference to
its effect upon our existing form of govern-
ment, which forces itself with startling inter-
est upon the whole American people, without
distinction of section or party. I am one of
those who believe that this free system of ours
is fast losing thosefundamental characteristics
which furnished to the people the only guarantee
against centralization, without which it never
could have received their sanction. The pas-
sage of this bill will complete the work which
has been so steadily persevered in by the
dominant party of this House and elsewhere.
It strikes at the whole theory upon which the
Federal Constitution was based; it ignores the
existence of States as having any necessary
connection with its complex machinery; it
stifles the voice of the people in their local
and domestic organizations, and clothes the
President of the United States with a power
greater than that of an emperor, and intended,
as I believe, to perpetuate the rule of his
party without limitation, unless interfered with
by revolution and the indignation of an out-
raged people, which it is so well calculated to
provoke.
Let us look for a moment, Mr. Speaker, at
some of the extraordinary features of this
measure. It is called "a bill to enforce the
provisions of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes." The very preamble assumes
a fact that does not exist, namely, that force
and the interposition of the Federal arm are
necessary to accomplish the object and intent
of laws already upon your statute-book, giving
the fullest protection to the citizen in his per-
son and his .property. This proposed legisla-
tion is neither defined nor specific, thus leaving
the widest latitude to those who may be called
on to execute it. It is a declaration of vague
absurdities, of mere generalities, pregnant
with danger in the hands of designing men,
and having no practical bearing upon any evil
which it is proposed to correct. It subverts
the governments of sovereign States, always
heretofore recognized as important integrals
in our political system. It pronounces the
severest penalties upon individual citizens,
after having placed them at the mercy of par-
tisan tribunals or prejudiced informers. It
authorizes martial law, in times of profound
peace, at the will and upon the motion of a
single man, and without check or interference
from any other source. It turns the whole
current of State jurisprudence into the Federal
courts, in order the more effectually to central-
ize the power which it is intended to exercise,
showing at the same time the utter contempt
in which all State authority is held.
An honorable gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. ST0tiGHT05r,] who opened this debate,
said in his speech :
" The evidence taken before the Senate committee
in relation to the outrages, lawlessness, and violence
in North Carolina establishes the following proposi-
tions:
" 1. That the Ku KIux organization exists through-
out the State, has a political purposo, and is com-
posed of the membors of the Democratic or Con-
servative party.
" 2. That this organization has sought to carry out
its purposes by murders, whippings, intimidation,
and violence against its opponents.
" 3. That it notoniy binds its members to execute
decrees of crime, but protects them against convic-
tion and punishment, first by disguises and secrecy,
and second by perjury, if necessary, upon the wit-
ness-stnnd and in tho jury-box.
" 4. That of all the offenders in this order, which
has established a reign of terrorism and bloodshed
throughout tho State, not one has yet been con-
victed."
Without admitting the truth of any of these
propositions, which I utterly deny, based upon
no testimony of an authentic and reliable char-
acter, it only excites the more surprise that an
evil so formidable in its proportions as these
gentlemen would have us believe did not lead
to the appointment of a joint committee of
investigation, as was agreed upon, before a
resort to the loose and inconsiderate action
recommended by the President in his message
to this House. That disorders have occurred
in some of the southern States I am not here
to deny. Emerging from the irritations of a
war without a parallel in the angry passions
which it excited, with the relations of labor
suddenly changed, and a new elementof power
brought into existence for the first time, in some
instances subordinating the white to the col-
ored race, it would have been strange, indeed,
if individual instances of disturbance and law-
lessness did not occur. But that organized
combinations to resist the law, in such pro- |
portions as to justify the presence of the Army i
and the Navy, have ever existed is too absurd '
to admit of argument. I will say here, in justice
to the South, goaded almost to desperation by
arbitrary and tyrannical exactions, and the
wanton imposition of burdens degrading to
the natural impulses of a once free people,
no body of men could have borne themselves
with more dignified submission to a hard but
inevitable fate than the States of the South
since the termination of the war.
There is not the shadow of a pretext for Any
such demand as the President has made upon
this House. Why are not the State tribunals,
mostly under Radical rule, competent to pro-
tect the citizen in his person and his property ?
Does General Grant want the Army and the
Navy to arrest and punish men in detail, for
murder, for mayhem, for robbery, for arson,
and the other offenses named in this bill ?
How ridiculous would he appear, under its
sweeping provisions, if he should deem it his
duty to call to his aid the member from Mas-
sachusetts—a contingency by no means improb-
able in view of their new-born intimacy—and
order him to take possession, with the Army
and Navy at bis back, of Alabama, or Georgia,
or North Carolina, or of all the offending south-
ern States, to surround and root out these
mysterious bands of bloody Ku Kluxes of
which he complains. He would no doubt
accomplish wonders, as he has always done,
by his surpassing valor and incredible military
acumen.
But I doubt very much, Mr. Speaker, whether,
with all his bitter feeling and pent-up wrath
against the Southern States, and these dia-
bolical Ku Kluxes, he would be any more
successful than he was at Fort Fisher, in Vir-
ginia, or those other points in his military
career which have been made classic by the
luster of his name. The first thing he would
have to do would be to find out the where-
abouts ofthese strange and mysterious people.
That is by no means ascertained. The law
would give him all the authority of a magis;
trate, to arm him with the power of a searcli
warrant. No man would know better how to
search homes, especially in the southern States,
than the member from Massachusetts. But
suppose he did find them, surely their numbers
could not be so formidable that the State
tribunals could not deal with them.
His great Army and Navy would stand
amazed, if he chanced to be successful, if he
should be so fortunate as to make discoveries
at all, (which I very much doubt,) at the ap-
pearance, it may be, of two or three half-
starved rowdies and libertines, which he could
find as well in his own State of Massachusetts
without going South to search for them. The
only difference would be that in the North they
would bear the name of criminals, when in the
South they are called Ku Kluxes. But is it rea-
sonable to believe that General Grant would
require the Army and the Navy to surround
and capture them?
The first section of this law ignores the State
tribunals as unworthy to be trusted, and con-
fers jurisdiction upon the " district and circuit
courts of the United States, with and subject to
the same rights of appeal, review upon error,
and other remedies provided in like cases in
such courts, under the provision of the act of
the 9th of April, 1836."
The second section is a little more significant.
It provides " that if two or more persons shall,
within the limits of any State, band, conspire,
or combine together to do anything in viola-
tion of the rights, privileges, or immunities of
any person," &c., he shall be liable to a pen-
alty of not exceeding $10,000, or imprison-
ment not exceeding ten years, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
The third section provides that where such
combinations of a formidable character exist
the President sha'.i employ the Army and the
Navy. It goes on further to provide that it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, when in his judgment the public safety
may require it, to suspend the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus, and to declare and
enforce, subject to the Rules and Articles ot
War and other-laws of the United States now
in force applicable in case of rebellion, mar-
tial law, i&c.
These are some of the leading features of
this bill, without going into a more detailed
