362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
synopsis. It confers, as will be seen, unlim-
ited military power upon the President of the
United States. It makes him the sole arbiter
to determine where combinations exist, to
resist the laws of the country, and then places
at his disposal the Army and Navy to suppress
them.
The law is certainly not clear in defining
what shall be deemed a combination to resist
the laws. This is left to the Executive. Had
I a more exalted opinion than I profess to
entertain of the character of General Grant,
had I less fear of his ambitious aspirations, I
should still look upon the concentration of any
such tremendous power in the hands of one
man as dangerous to the liberties of this or any
other country. The time would not be remote,
in my judgment, as the effect of this one-man
power, when State after State would go down
in succession, and, deprived of all power to
protect themselves, would be forced to accept
iu place of the freedom which they have here-
tofore enjoyed the rigors of a common des-
potism.
Mr. Speaker, I charge upon the Republican
party—
First. That they alone are responsible for
the disorganization and lawlessness of which
they complain in the southern States.
I charge—
Second. That with their countenance and
direct cooperation they have built up an organ-
ization more to be dreaded than the Ku Klux
or any other combination which exists in those
States.
And I charge—
Third. That their persistent refusal to re-
'construct those States, besides leading to these
complications, has post, the people more than
the whole results of the war of the rebellion.
When the war terminated by the surrender
at Appomattox Court-House the liberal terms
offered by Generals Grant and Sherman were
responded to with a thrill of joy throughout
the country, and especially the States in the
South which had been engaged in the rebel-
lion. Accepting t.he situation, the great leader
who bad been at the head of their armies laid
down his sword, never to be resumed, and
earnestly counseled submission to his con-
fiding people. His example was promptly
followed by the prominent men of all grades
connected with that fearful struggle. They
returned to their homes to place themselves
once more, and without reservation, under the
flag .which they bad so vigorously opposed.
They desired peace, and both Mr. Lincoln
and General Grant seemed to desire it as
much as they did.
From that day to this there has been no
reaction in the public sentiment of the South
upon this subject. They have steadily indulged
the hope that, sooner or later, a magnanimous
policy would be pursued toward them. U-nfor-
tunately for the South, they possessed a country
too tempting to the adventurer and the robber ;
lauds deserted, homesteads abandoned, the
people exhausted in their finances, and worse
than all, an element of political power in their
midst which invited the machinations of am-
bitious and designing men. The Republican
party was in the zenith of its glory. They held
the reins aud have continued to hold them.
Acting upon the principle that to the victor
belonged the spoils, and viewing the South as
a subjugated people, swarms of the worst men
of the northern and eastern States took pos-
session of the country in the interest of loyalty.
Under this specious pretext the negro was
placed virtually over the white man, the mas-
ter became the servant of him who had form-
erly been his slave. Stately mansions, once
the abode of refinement and hospitality, were
given up to filth and drunkenness and revelry.
The Freedraen's Bureau was a power. Gov-
ernors of States were inaugurated without re-
gard to residence or locality, having no common
interests with those over whom they were called
to preside. Bogus judges, who had never read
the first page of Blackstone, dragged the
ermine from the shoulders of those who had
previously dispensed the laws. Strong-minded
women, with assurance of reward, hurled their
anathemas against treason and preached from
the pulpit the duties of loyalty. Broken-down
school-masters from the New England States,
resurrected under the new dispensation, rolled
about in their stately equipages. Property was
seized and appropriated without license, and
the necessities of poor men, unable to help
themselves, were levied upon by the tax-
gatherer or the land shark. Such was a pic-
ture of the South under the tender guardianship
of the Republican party.
But the political element was to be dealt
with, also, as forming a most important part
in the Republican programme. Emissaries
were dispatched to see that the negro was not
to become demoralized by the kindness of his
former master, or otherwise alienated from the
truefaith Union Leagues were formed, bound
together by the moststringent oaths, aud throw-
ing out their ramifications in all parts of the
South. Based upon the most unrelenting hate
toward those who refused to recognize the
negro in his claim to social and political equal-
ity, they formed combinations more dangerous
to the public peace than all theKu Klux organ-
izations which they have endeavored to invest
with such terror to credulous believers. Even
in my own State these combinations have been
found to exist. I have no time to speak of
the effect upon the negro, who has my warmest
sympathy. Enticed from his quiet pursuits,
he has been made the victim of the vilest fraud
and deception, and has been forced to sacri-
fice his comfort and the earnings of his labor
for a share in these demoralizing and never-
ceasing poli^cal orgies.
Had these States been promptly reconstructed,
as they should have been, how different would
have been the picture to-day? Hundreds of
millions of money would have been saved to
the people, of which the Treasury would have
received its fair proportion in imposts and tax-
ation. For years past the people of the South
have been resting with their hands before them
in the expectation of a brighter future. They
have become sick and disheartened. Their
material interests have been neglected. Their
great works of internal improvement, so neces-
sary to their development, have been retarded
and in many instances abandoned altogether.
Immigration has ceased almost entirely. Cap-
ital, driven from their borders by the unsettled
condition in which they are held, has sought
otherand more prosperous channels of employ-
ment. I feel that I am not without authority,
therefore, in saying that the blighting policy
of reconstruction, which has been so long per-
severed in by the Republican party from the
close of the war to the introduction of the bill
now before this House, lias entailed a loss
more than equal to the expenses of the war.
Mr. Speaker, why the urgent necessity for
this bill, converting us from a free into a mili-
tary government? When this Congress met,
on the 4th of March, the President made no
reference to the fact that he was unable to pro-
tect the lives and property of the Union men
of the South. The same facts were before him
then as now. I have heard of no new develop-
ments worthy of notice since the meeting of
this body in March. Why has he suffered us
to go on in momentary expectation of an
adjournment, from day to day, if such was
the state of things in the South? Was he not
bound to communicate promptly with this
House and to urge the passage of such laws
as he might have deemed indispensable? If
anything has transpired since to make it more
important and urgent, why did he not fiirnish
this House with the facts upon which he based
his recent action ? If the appeal to this House
was so imperative why did he find it necessary
to visit the antechamber of the Senate'to pre-
pare the message upon which this action is
founded ? Could he not act for himself, with-
out the aid of the Radical junta by which he
was surrounded, and to whose counsels he
yielded?
No., sir, there are other reasons for this sud-
den movement on the part of General Grant.
He saw that his own star was waning. lie saw
that his party had fallen into a state of anarchy
aud disorganization. He saw that his outrage-
ous conduct in the San Domingo job was about
to assume proportions, under the scathing lash
of a member of bis own party, whom he had
been instrumental in degrading. He saw that
there must be a diversion, that the current must
be turned back, that the old prejudices aud
issues of the war must be revived as his only
hope of recovery; and he conceived the mag-
nanimous idea of recommencing the war upon
the poor down-trodden South. That I sincerely
believe is the whole story of the effort to get
up this bill, and to convert this Government
from a civil into a military government, and
further to ask that he be clothed with the power
of a dictator, that his success might be the
more certainly assured.
Mr. Speaker, there is something suggestive
in this whole affair. I know General Grant,
and have had official relations with him. As
President of the United States, I am bound to
speak of him with all becoming respect; but
when he lays violent hands upon the free
institutions of my country I am equally bound
to speak of him with freedom. In war, as in
peace, I have endeavored to do him justice.
General Grant is not my model of a President
of a great nation like this. If it be treason to
say so, I have committed treason a thousand
times. In statesmanship lie has everything
to learn. In intellectual capacity and the
power of wise combinations he is below the
standard of the humblest mediocrity, and this
necessarily subjects him to the leadership of
unscrupulous and designing men. His friends .
need hardly be told of what they know them-
selves. He scarcely yet, in my opinion, begins
to realize that he is the ruler of a great nation,
and not the captain of an army ; that he is a
civilian, and not a soldier. I am free to say
that I am not prepared to trust him with the
powers conferred by this bill. I cannot so
soon forget the past, when, but a few months
ago, my State was threatened with military
interference on the eve of an important elec-
tion, and without, so far as 1 know, a symptom
of disorder throughout its entire borders.
General Grant, in his message very prop-
erly doubts whether, of his own motion, he
can use the military to execute the laws, and
he appeals to Congress to enlarge his powers.
Did these doubts exist when he proposed to
invade my State? Did they exist when he
took military possession of the great States of
Pennsylvania and New York? Was it con-
venient that no doubts should exist then, and
that for reasons best known to himself they
should exist now?
The late congressional election in the State
of Maryland cannot soon be forgotten. The
Postmaster General, as is well known, came to
my district to intimidate the people by threats
of military interference. It was a deliberate
and barefaced attempt to take possession of
the State of Maryland by force, and I wish I
could persuade myself that General Grant was
not a party to it. This Creswell placed him-
self at the bead of six thousand negroes,
threading the streets and alleys of the city of
Baltimore, with music and banners, and a cof-
fin labeled with the name of the despised and
already defeated Representative of the third
congressional district presenting a prominent
feature in the programme, making night hid-
eous with their insane ravings, they at length
reached their point of rendezvous.
Looking out upon the sable crowd, so flatter-
ing to his hopes, the Postmaster General, appre-
ciating the responsibility of his mission, in a
blasphemous and abusive tirade, represented
himself as a member of the " sacred party''
whose principles were those of " Christ's Ser-
