1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
mon on the Mount." How this military em-
bassador of General Grant succeeded in his
dignified mission is told by the majority of
four thousand six hundred votes, which, in
the face of a new element of from four to five
thousand negroes, remanded me to my place
on this floor. And how his "sacred principles"
have outcropped since is best explained by
the attempt of this same man, in the celebrated
Chorpenning case, to alienate $440,000 of the
public money in the interest of a law partner
and an intimate confidential friend, for the
particulars of which I refer the House to the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] who was the first to give the
alarm of this nefarions proceeding, and who
is now in his seat. If General Grant can out-
rage public decency by retaining such men in
office, he can as well send them to the South
to execute the provisions of this outrageous
bill. I can be a party to no such legislation ;
I can confer no such absolute and unlimited
power upon General Grant. I can run the
risk hereafter of no such missions, as Creswell
was sent to Baltimore to perform.
I say that we must be cautious how we in-
trust power to any such hands. What addi-
tional power does General Grant want that the
existing laws do not give him? We know
that the Governors of ail the revolted States,
with two exceptions, I believe, of three, are
in the Radical interests. He surely does not
believe that in the event of their inability to
execute any law, in consequence of rebellious
combinations, the Federal authority would not
be invoked to lend its aid. In the event of a
requisition upon the President by the civil
authority of any State, where such authority
is powerless, the President is bound by the
law to protect the lives and property of the
citizens. But General Grant wants more than
this. He wants absolute power, without refer-
ence to the States; and he wants to judge of
the contingency when it occurs, without inter-
ference with his own will. It seems to me
that the demand is too preposterous to be
entertained for a moment, unless we mean
that the civil shall be subordinated to the mili-
tary power and our form of government shall
be changed 1
Sir, this military interference in elections,
this degradation of the people in the exercise
of the highest privilege of freemen, so common
of late ; this invasion of States by armed force
in the interest of party, has produced already
a profound sensation throughout the country.
It is the last resort of men striving to retain
power by holding in check the free will of the
people. There is no function more sacred or
guarded with more vigilance in the debates
upon the Federal Constitution than that of
suffrage. In England the military arm is care-
fully watched. The Crown would no more
attempt to throw the bayonet in contact with
the polls on the day of an election, or under-
take to influence a free expression of the pub-
lic sentiment, than it could subvert the organic
law on which the Government stands. The
whole history of Great Britain, always jealous
of the popular rights, and the most enlightened
in the appropriation and maintenance of what-
ever inures to her strength and permanency
as a nation, shows how uniformly and reli-
giously thisgreat principle has been adhered to.
From generation to generation it has enabled
her, more than any other feature of her polit-
ical organization, to resist the changes and
mutations which have convulsed the Old World
and left her to-day almost the only survivor
of a thousand dynasties. But here, in the very
first stages of what was intended to be the
freest Government on earth, with all these
lights before us, with the warnings of so many
generations to guide us, we see our rulers actu-
ally retrograding in their appreciation of the
value attached to this great principle of suffrage,
so intimately connected with the bill reported
bv the committee. We are told that in con-
ferring this more than regal power upon Gen-
eral Grant, in placing the whole military equip-
ment of the country, both Army and Navy, at
his disposal, there is no purpose or intention
that it shall be abused or diverted from its
proper and legitimate channels. Was there
ever a usurpation or grant of extraordinary
powers that was not guarded by protestations
of disinterestedness, patriotism, and devotion
to the public interest? The people, of course,
are to be the gainers; no one else would ask
to profit by the generous concession which
they are called upon to make.
This is'all plausible enough, and might not
provoke suspicion if party did not exist, and
men could be trusted with the use of power.
But let me tell you that this bill means, suf-
frage and the ballot-box; it means the sub-
jugation of the States of the South in the
interest of the Republican party. It means
the presidential election of 1872, and General
Grant knows it. It means the sending forth
of such emissaries as Creswell to intimidate
the people by threats of military interference,
or, if necessary, by the actual exercise of the
power which this bill confers, in striking down
every vestige of freedom at the ballot-box.
This is my view of the whole purpose and
intention of this bill. I do not wish to be
misunderstood. I do not wish the country to
misunderstand me. I charge upon the Ad-
ministration that they have brought this bill
here to degrade the people, to subvert your
free representation and popular form of gov-
ernment, to make your elections and your right
of suffrage a mockery, to strike down the mun-
iments of protection which your Constitution
gives you, and to appropriate to themselves
all the power which has heretofore belonged
to the people. Are the people ofthe United
States prepared to sanction such an outrage?
Mr. Speaker, this idea of stirring up the
old issues of the war, and reviving the angry
passions of that day, which all good men of
all parties should strive to ignore, by reducing
the South to a subjugation more degrading
than she has yet endured, by placing her under
the arbitrary rule of one man and the most
rigid exactions of party, originated in an infa-
mous bill which for weeks past has been flared
in our faces by the member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] It might have been
more significant, perhaps, had it proceeded
from any other source than that of a man who
had lost the confidence of both sides of the
House, and who seemed to lean upon destruc-
tive legislation and the lowest grades of vin-
dictive calumny and vituperation as his only
hope of resurrection. When that measure was
ignored by those who had heretofore cooper-
ated with him I followed in the lead of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] in voting for a joint committee o-f the
two Houses, to report to this House at its next
session, in December, upon the necessity for
legislative action.
The large majority by which the measure
was carried in both Houses indicated the gen-
eral desire on both sides for such information
of an authentic character as the House could
officially recognize. The Democratic party had
no desire to stand in the way of the fullest
investigation into the outrages which had been
alleged to have been committed. It was the
only fair mode of getting at the truth. But
while we were tantalized by the prospect of a
general acquiescence in this measure and an
early adjournment of Congress, we found our-
selves deserted by the very men whom we had
been induced to follow. General Grant does
not give them any new lights which would
make it less imperative than before that we
should have additional facts. Surely if we
were not prepared to act then we are not now
in passing such a measure as is here proposed.
I can hardly believe that gentlemen will so far
stultify themselves as to take for granted what
they proposed to ascertain by a fair investiga-
tion under the auspices of a joint committee
of the two Houses.
Mr. Speaker, why this unceasing persecution
of the South? Are not these men our brothers ?
Are they not descended from the same Anglo-
Saxon origin? Have they not stood by this
Union in times past, and poured out their
blood in the maintenance of the great prin-
ciples which it inculcates? Have they not
fought the battles of freedom upon a thousand
fields 9 Does the member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] suppose for a moment that he
elevates himself by this vindictive war upon
a brave and gallant people? Would he deem
it just that for every murder or criminal act
committed in Massachusetts the Army and the
Navy should be called on to overrun his State,
to bombard his towns, and to degrade his peo-
ple? It is only very recently that the south-
ern people have shown evidences of returning
vitality and reaction amid the rigors with which
they have been pursued. Nearly five years
have elapsed since the war terminated. The
same flag floats over all, with the consent of
all, from the St. Lawrence to the Balize. The
charred villages, the deserted homesteads, the
desolated fields, are still there as memorials of
the past.
Have we met the South in the spirit which a
generous adversary always extends to a brave
and fallen people ? Year after year they have
knocked at your doors to be relieved of the
chains with which you. have bound them.
Have you met them as brothers entitled to
your forgiveness, as Christian men moved .by
the impulses of a Christian humanity? Where
are the amnesty hills that have crowded your
tables from day to day, and year to year, which
have been so carefully watched by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts? Have you given
them amnesty ? Have you held out any earnest
of your desire to be once more reunited in
kindly brotherhood? No, no, Mr. Speaker;
you have turned a deaf ear to every gener-
ous impulse which such a picture is so well
calculated to inspire. You have meted out
grudgingly the unwilling concessions of your
niggardly bounty, and, repenting of this, you
propose now to enact a law which, while it
inaugurates a new era of oppression, will ever
stand as a burning shame upon your statute-
book. The member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] may congratulate himself upon his
empty triumphs ; but his cheeks must tingle
with shame and he must sink in his own rebuke
when he casts his eyes to this side of the House
and dares to claim the Democratic party as
his "friends." We defy his malice as heartily
as we spurn his friendship, and we calmly
await the retribution which, sooner or later,
must overtake him in his barbarous and vin-
dictive war upon the unoffending South.
Mr. Speaker, I look upon the innovations
which have been introduced into the original
structure of this Government, and the glaring
outrages and usurpations of the dominant
^larty since they came into power, as I would
do upon the burning of some grand edifice
endeared to us by the proudest memories of a
glorious history. I have seen its broad founda-
tions undermined and shaken. I have seen its
majestic columns falling one after another. I
have seen its graceful proportions, once so
beautiful, marred and broken by rude and
unskillful hands. With no power to save, the
gallant party to which I belong have sought
consolation in that future which, I am proud
to say, dawns auspiciously upon the friends of
constitutional liberty everywhere. I believe
that the turning-point has been reached; that
the storm and whirlwind have passed; that the
bow of promise again spans the horizon; and
that the day of restoration is at hand, when
this noble structure will rise once more^ in
renovated splendor. The effort at centraliza-
tion, the opposing forces contemplated by the
provisions of this bill, will accelerate rather
than retard it. The people have already passed
