864
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
the limit of inactivity and submission when
their liberties have been assailed and their
most sacred rights invaded.
Mr. Speaker, this jealousy of the military
power in a Government, especially when con-
trolled by one man. is not of recent origin. It
has existed from the earliest times, and has
marked the progress of republican government
through all ages. Yon caftnot shut your eyes
upon the teachings of the past. The people of
this country have been taught to govern them-
selves without coercion. You cannot bring
them back to slavery, and it is fair to assume
that freedom eannot exist, the rights of the
people cannot be secure against violence and
usurpation, where the civil is subordinated to
the military power, as proposed by this bill.
Instead of intimidation and the bayonet, we
should encourage confidence and good-fellow-
ship by equal laws and just and fair relations
between the sections. If I viewed this as a
mere party question, having an eye to party
only, 1 should say pass this bill and make it
as odious and offensive as you dare. But I am
influenced by no such narrow and contracted
views. I desire to see this great country once
more united by the affections of her people and
not by compulsion and force. The bill before
us is offensive. It strikes at the root of all free
government; it confers upon General Grant
unlimited power; it places the Army and Navy
at his disposal without check or limitation. I
feel it my duty as one of the Representatives
of the people to protest against it, and viewing
it in the light that I do, 1 sincerely trust that
this House will consider well, before they act,
the responsibility of the vote they are about
t.o give.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, addressed the House
iu remarks which will bo found in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. ARTHUR obtained the floor.
Mr. KERR. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur,] I will
move that the House now take a recess to half
past seven o'clock, the time fixed by the House
for the session of this evening.
The SPEAIiERjpro tendon?, (Mr. Mehctir.)
That requires unanimous consent, the House
having fixed the hour, half past four o'clock,
from which the recess shall be taken. To take
a recess from a different hour than the one
named requires unanimous consent.
Mr. KERR. I suppose there will be no
objection, it is now so near the time fixed for
the recess.
Mr._ GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose no
one will object to that.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined ana found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (U. R. No. 321) changed from House
joint resolution No. 28, for the relief of Robert
Mt>ir & Co.;
A bill (S. No. 21) to pay members of certain
military organizations therein named ;
A bill (S. No. 88) to amend an act entitled
" An act to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts ;"
A bill (S. No. 220) authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint commissioners to examine and
report upon the Sutro tunnel, in the State of
Nevada; and ,
A bill (S._ No. 296) granting a pension to
Phcebe Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, obtained unan-
imous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Emily
II. Reed.
Mr. ARTHUR obtained unanimous consent
to have the papers in the case of Alexander
MofBt withdrawn from the files of the House.
Mr, LYNCH obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Thomas G. Stow.
Mr. McCRARY obtained unanimous con-
sent to have withdrawn from the files of the
House the papers in the cases of W. P. Thom-
asson, W. T. Stotts, Dr. N. G. Eno, G. T. Wig-
gins, William Mount, Robert Sutherland, and
Russell Smith.
Mr. SAWYER obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House,
the papers in thecases of GilbertVandenburg,
Jane A. Green, and Emma Cameron.
report on mines and 5iinino.
Mr. McCOKMICK, of Arizona, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a concurrent resolu-
tion in reference to the printing of the report
of R. W. Raymond on mines and raining;
which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
- italian occupation of rome.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 ask unani-
mous consent to submit for consideration at
this time the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested,
if not incompatible with the public interest, to com-
municate to this House copies of any correspond-
donce betweon the State Department and our minis-
ter plenipotentiary in Horence in reference to the
occupation of Rome by tho king of Italy, and also
what correspondence has taken place since Decem-
ber 1, 1870.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I give
notice to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] that 1 shall hereafter object to
everything but that which is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it go
through.
Mr. HOAR. I should be much more likely
to withdraw my objection if the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] had not made
his threat.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not
make any threat; I only stated the sole means
of redress that I have. It is merely a resolu-
tion for information of interest to the whole
country. Let it be read again, and I think no
one will object to it.
The resolution was read again.
Mr. HOAR. I will withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, the reso-
lution was adopted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contubt niblack vs. walls.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to tho Committee of Elections :
^liewlvd, That in the contested-election case of
Silas L. Niblack vs. Josiah X. "Walls, from the State
of 1'lorida, there bo allowed to both parties sixty
days additional time in which to take testimony
after the expiration of the period given by law.
order op business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Mercur.)
The regular order is the bill for the enforce-
ment of the fourteenth amendment, upon
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Arthur] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. I suppose no one will insist
upon the gentleman from Kentucky proceed-
ing at this time for the few minutes left of
this afternoon session.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not insist upon
that, but I object to business being done ink
this slipshod way, when so many members are
absent.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent that
the House now take a recess.
No objection was made; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess till seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session, (Mr. McGrbw in the
chair as Speaker pro tempore.)
enforcement of fourteenth amendment
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
resumes the consideration of House bill No.
320, to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes, and the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Arthur] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, under the
pretext of protecting the people, the people
are being enslaved; under the pretext of estab-
lishing order, liberty is being overthrown ;
under the pretext of securing the rights of the
voter, the voter is disfranchised ; under color
of maintaining the manhood of man in the
political equality of the colored man, the man-
hood of man is denied in the political degrada-
tion of the white man.
When the people are asking relief from
the exactions of a tariff unexampled for its
injustice and its rapacity they are answered
Ku Klux; when they are groaning with hope
deferred under the burdens of legalized plun-
der in the internal revenue system, theyaie
answered Ku Klux ; when the shipping inter-
ests of the country are prostrate and American
ocean commerce floats mostly in foreign bot-
toms and relief is asked, the answer is Ku
Klux ; when industry is paralyzed and labor
is contending at odds with want, as the fruit of
a vicious and uncertain currency and exhaust-
ive taxation, the voice of complaint is silenced
with Ku Klux; when the gold and silver of
the country are horded in the Treasury vaults
or sacredly dispensed to the insatiate bond-
holder at home and abroad, and labor is loaded
and taxes are piled up to glut the enorm-
ous interest of the public debt, the expecta-
tions of a confiding people are presented with
Ku Klux. We have Ku Klux in the Senate
and Ku Klux in the House, Ku Klux in San
Domingo, Ku Klux in the Executive Mansion,
but Ku Klux of a more salutary sort in New
Hampshire, with alarming symptoms in Con-
necticut, California, and Texas.
What, sir, is the meaning of this iteration V
Why are the ultra-Republican leaders absorb-
ing every hour and day of this Congress in
agitating with the false clamor of Ku Klux ?
It is, sir, to divert the attention of the people
from the abuses of the Administration of which
they are complaining, and from the reforms
which they are demanding. It is, sir, for the
purpose of turning the adverse tide of popular
elections in Republican favor. It is, sir, for the
purpose of arbitrarily controlling or silencing
the suffrages of the Democratic masses in
the ensuing presidential election in the south-
ern States. Desperate diseases, sir, require
• desperate remedies ; and it is most obvious at
the capital and through the country that the
tumors and abscesses of the Republican party
are rapidly encroaching upon the seat of its
official vitality.
From the commencement of the present
session of this Congress the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] vainly endeav-
ored to introduce and bring forward his bill
upon the subject of alleged disorders in the
South. That bill was most atrocious in its
character. It shocked every conservative
Republican in this House, and many of the
bolder sort hesitated to give it countenance.
But, unabashed by all these unfriendly mani-
festations, the author adhered first to his bill
and finally to the spirit and substance of it
(when lie found he could not get its form
and details) with the audacity, subtlety, and
tenacity for which he is distinguished as a
Republican leader. It seemed to us, on this
side of the House, that the better genius of
the Republican party would prevail, and that
malevolence, factiousness, and imposture
would be discountenanced.
