18V1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Km Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
Mr. WEST. That was legitimate, and be-
longed to him wilhia the debt,
Mr. BLAIR. He put it in before others,
who held as just, if not more just claims.
Mr. WEST. Probably you would have done
the same thing under the same circumstances.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator must not assume
anything of that sort. I did not go to New
Orleans without money enough to buy a break-
fast and in two or three years own a palace
and live in all the splendor that he does down
there. Every man who knows him—I knew
him well—knows that he went from Missouri
ragged and naked, and now he is the wealthi-
est among the wealthy in New Orleans. Where
all are being impoverished he has provided for
himself. I am told by men of character that
he never signs his name to any bill without his
price.
Now, sir, here is the report of the treasurer
of the State of Georgia :
Treasurer's Office, State of Georgia,
Atlanta, January 10,1871.
His Excellency Rufus B. Bullock,
Gove) nor of Georgia :
Sir: In conformity with, the requirements of the
code of Georgia, I herewith transmit a report of the
financial transactions of the State for the year 1870
Table A bhowa the balance on hand at date of last
report, the total receipts and payments in each
month, and the balance on hand January 1,1871.
Table B shows the balance on hand at date of last
report, the total receipts from each separate source
of taxation, the total .payments from each special
fund, and the balance on hand January 1,1871.
Table 0 shows the bonded indebtedness of the
State of Georgia on the 1st day of January, 1871,
exclusive of the bonds issued in 1870.
Besides the bonded indebtedness as shown in
table C, a lai'ge amount of new State bonds havo
been issued, greatly in exccss of the honest demands
against the State, and under circumstances that
lead to the belief that these bonds have been used
for private purposes, to further the ends ot certain
individuals.
Paragraph ten of section eighty-six of the Code
makes it the duty of the Treasurer to "annually re-
port to the Governor the amount of State debt bear-
ing interest for each year, distinguishing between
the sterling bonds, if any, and Federal; the rate per
cent, paid on each kind of bonds, the amount upon
each rate paid; also the exchange, if any, and the
aggregate amount of interest paid m each year, and
the amount due and unpaid at each semi-annual
payment, and the reasons for such non-payment."
These bonds, so far as the coupons are concerned,
not being executed according to law, and not regis-
tered in the treasurer's office, as the law requires,
I have no data by which I can arrive at the exact
amount of new bonds issued. I have made several
attempts to learn the amount and disposition made
of the bonds, but the financial agent, who has them
in charge in New York, has been instructed by the
Governor to withhold all information concerning
them. Enough, however, has been learned to author-
ize the statement thatnearly five millions have been
issued and sent to New York. Th'isatte«mpt at con-
cealment leaves grounds for grave suspicions, and it
would well behoove an honest Executive to expose
such fraud against the State.
In addition to the foregoing, bills were passed
granting State aid to the following named railroads.
Then comes a list of some thirty or thirty
two railroads to which the indorsement of the
State is pledged covering a distance of over two
thousand miles, and in amount $80,000,000,
which the State positively guaranties.
This, added to the old bonded indebtedness and
new bonds issued, will make something over forty
million dollars, being one fifth of the tax returned
valueof allthe property in the State, exclusive ot
railroads, banking, express, and insurance compa-
nies.
Hereis a State that was one of the wealthiest
in the Union, that was rich, without a dollar
of debt, which emerged from the war without
any debt and with a magnificent property in
her railroads, and now she staggers under the
weight of $40,000,000 of debt, bonds issued
illegally and secretly by the Governor of the
State.
In my last annual report, to January 1,1870, the
estimate for the necessary and usual disbursements
for that year, exclusive of interest on the public
debt, was $500,000. This was ample for all honest
and practical purposes ; but reckless, pillaging hands
have run them up to nearly twice that amount,
namely, §975,000, besides alarge debt incurred against
the "State road."
^ The same report estimated the annual net earn-
ings of the Western and A llantic railroad (the prop-
erty of the State, of which the Governor was Pres-
ident) at $360,000. _ Only $45,000 were paid into the
State treasury, while the road is reported to have
accumulated a floating debt of over $700,000, part due
connecting roads, balance for supplies and monthly
pay-rolls, making a difference against the State
of $1,015,000. This is a subject that calls for thorough
investigation, as it is a matter of great wonder that
a main trunk road, besides a heavy way freight, re-
ceiving at one end the stock, produce, and manufac-
tures of the North and the great West, poured in by
river and rail connections, and at the other distrib-
uted by three different railroads in immediate con-
nection, all of which are paying fine dividends to
the stockholders—the people are amazed that this
great receive^ and distributor, one hundred and
thirty-eight miles long, fully equipped, should be so
badly managed as not to pay expenses, but saddle a
large debt upon the State. The inquiry is, "What
has become of the money?"
Said last report further shows, after paying all the
ordinary expenses, including the matured interest,
a surplus ot $471,461, to be used as a sinking fund,
to aid in curtailing the State's bonded indebtedness.
With a wise and honest administration these esti-
mates would have been easily and fully realized;
but with an excessively prodigal, unscrupulous chief
Executive in the use of the public funds, throwing
them broadcast, with the hope of buying influence
and usuiping power for corrupt purposes, with a
venal crowd to respond to his mercenary, sordid
ends, over four and a half millions of new State
bonds have been issued, which the Governor, in his
anxiety to keep the matter concealed from the
treasury department, failed to have executed and
registered, as the law requires.
Under these circumstances, the treasurer asks to
be excused from venturing on an estimate of the
expenses for 1871.
Our final hope is in a great improvement in the
legislative department, so as to correct the abuses
of the Executive.
Respectfully submitted,
N. L. ANGIER, Treasurer.
And when we got a great improvement in the
legislative department, the Legislature then
in session by law adjourned the meeting of
this new Legislature for a full year that they
might have unlimited power to squander
what they had plundered from the people
in the intermediate time, and also to have
the excuse of electing a Senator to a seat in
this body. Every one of these reconstructed
States has been conducted in this manner, as
far as I know anything about them. Jt is use-
less to take up each one of them and show
what has been done by these irresponsible gov-
ernments that have been placed in power by
the Congress of the United States. If you
place men at the head of these State gov-
ernments, if you give the control of these
States 
Mr. AMES rose.
Mr. BLAIR. Does the Senator appeal to
me for the floor ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
yield ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. AMES. I wish merely to state that the
statement of the Senator from Missouri, so far
as it relates to Mississippi, is not correct.
Mr. BLAIR. I qualified my statement by
saying, aas far as I knew anything about
them." I think the gentleman the other day
intimated that there were $40,000 of the secret-
service fund that had gone into the pockets of
the Governor, and no Ku Klux had been dis-
covered by it. Did he mean to intimate that
the Governor had made away with it in any
improper manner?
Mr. AMES. No, sir; I never intended to
intimate anything of the kind. I simply
intended to intimate that although he had
$40,000, even if he had $400,000 he could
accomplish nothing in seeking after Ku Klux.
Mr. BLAIR. Seeking what was not to be
found, I suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. AMES. He acknowledges it in his
proclamation. He has now asked for troops
to use force.
Mr. BLAIR. I am rejoiced to hear that
the gentleman gives a high character to Gov-
ernor Alcorn, for I myself held him in high
estimation, considering the circumstances un-
der which he holds power. [Laughter.] And
I beg leave to say that I am glad that the gen-
tleman has vindicated the Governor of his
State; but I do not propose to pursue this
particular view of the subject further.
The instance alluded to by the Senator from
Mississippi calls to my mind a fact which has
been stated tome as accounting for the reason
that the Governor of Mississippi has not come
here to take his seat in the Senate, to which he
was elected. The reason is that he was afraid
to trust the Lieutenant Governor and the Legis-
lature that were elected at the same time with
himself; that there were agents down there
seeking to have a recognition of the old repu-
diated Mississippi debt, and striving by other
means to get possession of the credit of the
State, and that Alcorn was determined that
they should not be enabled to do it until there
should be a new election, when the whole peo-
ple of the State can vote, and when it is the
hope of himself and other pure and honest
men that there may be a Legislature elected
which will prevent the robbery of the State.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri yield to the Senator from
Mississippi ?
Mr. BLAIR. With great pleasure.
Mr. AMES. I wish simply to state that so
far as I understand the situation, the reason
given by the Senator from Missouri is not the
reason why the Governor has declined to take
his seat here at present. The Lieutenant Gov-
ernor is recognized by all as above reproach.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, I have stated the
information I have on the subject. It looks
as if he had some good reason for staying there ;
and not knowing exactly what it is, I shall not
attemptto say further thau the information that
has come to me.
Ng#v, sir, the Senator from Mississippi, in
the speech which he made here the other day,
alluded, although not byname, to me, alluded
to what I had said on this floor in regard to
the fact that these southern States were, under
bayonet rule, and that General Grant was
elected by the bayonet. He denied the fact.
All I have to say is that that Senator himself
was sent down there as a military ruler ; that
he appointed every officer in the State, or had
the power to remove and to appoint every
officer in the State; that he removed the Gov-
ernor of the State elected by the people of the
S L-ate 
Mr. AMES. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. BLAIR. He was removed by the law
under which you acted, and probably by your
predecessor. The Senator had it in his power
to remove every officer, and he did make the
appointments of all the officers of registration
and all the officers of election. He had also
the authority under that law, when the Legis-
lature was elected and convened, to commis-
sion all the members of the Legislature and all
the State officers and to refuse to commission
just so many as he pleased. Whether he
exercised that authority I know not.
Mr. AMES. I did not.
Mr. BLAIR. Bat that Legislature then
elected him, when he was not qualified as a
voter in the State, and all that I have to say is
that I want no other illustration of the truth
of the language I useQ in this Senate except
the presence of that gentleman himself in our
midst, acting here as a Senator. He signed
his own commission as major general ; was
elected by men whom he commissioned as
representatives and senators; and then, with-
out having the qualifications of a \oter uudef
the constitution and the laws of the State of
Mississippi, presents himself here and is ac-
cepted as a Senator. If the ease is not proved,
I make profert of the Senator from Mississippi.
That Senator used language in his speech the
other day in reference to the people of the State
of Mississippi, far different language from that
used by the Senator from South Carolina 
