1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
Subsequently followed the recent message
of the Executive upon alleged southern disor-
ders; the select committee of the House was
formed, to whom it was referred, who, upon
consideration, have, by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] reported the pend-
ing bill to the House. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in the loss of
his own bill experienced the pangs of unre-
quited paternity, he did not lose his vitality;
and now, in the sequel, his temporary loss has
been more than compensated in his signal tri-
umph over the better men of his party in this
House and on that committee, as proven by
the pending bill, which, in spirit and in sub-
stance, is identical in atrocity.
Executive usurpations, sir, are more conspic-
uous and startling, but not more insidious and
fatal, than legislative usurpations. It is the
first act of usurpation, whether of one or both,
which the people should challenge. They should ■
accept no palliation or atonement. Instant,
inflexible condemnation at the ballot-box or
poll-book should be followed by legal removal
from positions of public trust. If the people
hesitate, if they waver, it may be fatal, or at
the least it will entail upon them woes unnum-
bered ; for usurpation is enterprising, it fat-
tens upon what it feeds, and its acts are rapidly
magnified into precedents, and those prece-
dents will in the sequel be claimed to be author-
ity by time and acquiescence, and in the end
push the Constitution from its seat.
The history of congressional legislation dur-
ing the last six years furnishes painful illus-
tration of this. How was the better sense of
the country startled by the amazing and wicked
novelties of the act of the 9th April, 1866,
entitled "An act to protect all persons in the
United States in their civil rights, and to fur-
nish the meansof their vindication !" But the
apathy of the people slept on, or the generos-
ity of the people still confided. The authors
and advocates of the measure were retained in
office, and the measure was sculptured into
precedent, and there it stands " to fright the
souls of fearful adversaries." Then in due
time followed the reconstruction acts of March
2,1867, and the acts amendatory thereto. Then
fell the edifice of local self government and
civil and political liberty in ten States of this
Union. From turret to foundation-stone—
column, base, pediment, and entablature—all
toppled over, disappeared beneath the inun-
dation of executive and legislative usurpation
which closed over them and settled into the
calm of despotism, the peace of civil and polit-
ical death.
But the apathy of the people slept on, or
the generosity of the people still confided.
The authors and advocates of the measures
were retained in office, and it, too, was in its
turn sculptured into precedent; and there it
stands '' to fright the souls of fearful adver-
saries."
The daily recruiting of the grand army of
precedents went,on. Impunity begot confi-
dence, and confidence swelled into audacity,
and the spirit of encroachment and centraliza-
tion pushed forward to the advanced post of
the act of May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes."
The operation of the previous acts of the
series was mostly if not entirely confined to
the southern States. This act was designed
to feel the pulse and test the capacity of en-
durance of the people in the northern States.
It was anticipated by its architects that it
would control the elections, and return an
unbroken line of Administration men to office.
But the " best laid schemes of mice and men
gang aft aglee," and the results have not justi-
fied the anticipation. At length the sleep of
the popular apathy is disturbed, and the gen-
erosity of the people is less confiding in the
wrong direction. Glorious tidings from the
Empire State swept through the Union like
the chimes of the church bell on the wings of
the morning. But that measure, too, has been
sculptured into precedent, and there it stands
" to fright the souls of fearful adversaries."
The knife of innovation and the dagger of
encroachment are still plying their invidious
vocation. The spur of party necessity, of
executive dictation, of legislative strategy is
still propelling to madness a parly doomed by
the people to displacement. But the"sphit
never to submit or yield," of which boasted
an agitator of bold, bad eminence, celebrated
in epic song, seems still to animate the forlorn
hope of Republican encroachment on the lib-
erties and institutions of the people, the States,
and the Union. In progress of time, sanc-
tioned by a now unbroken line of precedent,
was carried into the statute-book the act of
February 28, 1871, entitled "An act to amend
an act approved May 31, 1870;" and the cor-
don of centralization would seem to have
become consummated firmly enough around
States and people.
But the bill under consideration dissolves
the illusion. Usurpation has fattened upon
what it fed; its acts are magnified into prece-
dents, and its precedents claimed to be sanc-
tioned by time and acquiescence, and, pushing
the Constitution from its seat, seeks to place
in its stead the monstrous hydra of the Execu-
tive, invested with power, arbitrarily to declare
war against the people whose servant he is, to
suspend the privilege of the personal liberty,
writ of habeas corpus, and to hurl martial law,
like a besom of destruction, wherever in the
Union his baleful eye shall fall.
Mr. Speaker, I have not yet permitted my-
self to believe that the conservative members
of the Republican party on this floor will sanc-
tion this bill in its present' guilty shape. I
fancy it will occur to them that its passage
ought to and will prove fatal to their parly.
The execrations of the country ought to pursue
it to the last syllable on the page of recorded
time.
I desire to bring the provisions of this bill
to the scrutiny of the House and the coun-
try. General political topics and collateral
issues should not be permitted to divert from
the minds of the conscientious legislator the
nature, character, and tendency of the legisla-
tion under consideration in the pending bill.
The policy and necessities of the friends of
that measure would doubtless gladly lead the
eye and mind off upon real or supposed dis-
orders in the South, which lay in proof inca-
pable of being made, at all events not in the
possession of the House; for the House once
this session, by a House resolution, and again
by joint resolution from the Senate, resolved
upon committees to go into the southern States
and investigate and report upon the alleged
disorders there.
Hence this House has now no sufficient
facts in proof, and in my opinion, so far as
political disorders, enmity to the Union, or
hostility to the constituted authorities of this
Government may be alleged, such allegations
are groundless, malignant, and incendiary,
and are forged and circulated in the interest
of bad men of the Republican party, for selfish
objects, and so far as concerns any other spe-
cies of combinations or disorders which may
exist there, they are such as ordinarily arise
within the jurisdiction of the municipal and
police authorities of States and local magis
trates, and only such as prevail now and all
the time in the other States of this Union to
an extent quite as great. The charges and
imputations made upon the Government and
people of Kentucky, '.hat crime or disorder, of
whatever description, is not as promptly and
inflexibly arrested and punished as anywhere,
wherever civilized government exists, are mis-
representations and calumnies as groundless,
opprobrious, and dastardly as ever blackened
the tongue or polluted the lip.
Neither opportunity nor the hour will admit
of a thorough analysis of the pending bill;
but I propose to quote it by sections, four in
number, and by cursorily commenting upon a
few of the prominent features thereof, to in-
vite to the investigation the more matured,
deliberate, and thorough reflection and ani-
madversion of the House and country." The
first section provides—
That any person who, under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of any
State, shall, subject, or cause to be subjected, any
person within the jurisdiction of the United States
to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or im-
munities. secured by the Constitution of the United
States, shall, any such law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, custom, or usage of the State to the
contrary notwithstanding, be liable to the party
injured in any action at law, suit in equity, or other
proper proceeding for redress, such proceeding to be-
prosecuted in the several district or circuit courts
of the United States, with and subject to the same
rightsofappeal, review upon error, and other reme-
dies provided in like cases in such courts, under the
provision of the act ofthe 9th of April, 1866, entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means of their
vindication," and the other remedial laws of the
United States which are in their nature applicable
in such cases.
Proposed legislation by Congress is properly
subjected to two cardinal tests, namely: first,
is it constitutional; second, is it expedient?
| shall not now go into the constitutionality
of this section. It is cumulative, as far as it
goes, with certain provisions in the civil rights
bill. The opinion of the country is formed
upon that bill. I believe it to be a flagrant
violation of the spirit and letter of that revered
instrument. We are aware that it has under-
gone to some extent judicial construction in
State and Federal judicatures ; that its consti-
tutionality has been affirmed on the one hand
and denied on the other; and that the Supreme
Court has not as yet, so far as I am advised,
passed upon it. It is therefore an open ques-
tion, and is at least of doubtful constitution-
ality, and theiefore to be condemned.
But having the section subjected to the
second cardinal test, to wit, is it expedient V
it must upon the slightest reflection fall under
the sternest condemnation of the jurist, the
statesman, the philanthropist, of every lover
of the divine and political axiom of peace and
good will to men. It overrides the reserved
powers ofthe States. It reaches out and draws
within the despotic circle of central power ail
the domestic, internal, and local institutions
and offices ofthe States, and then asserts over
them an arbitrary and paramount control as of
the rights, privileges, and immunities secured
and protected, in a peculiar sense, by the Uni-
ted States in the citizens thereof. Having done
this, having swallowed up the States and their
institutions, tribunals, and functions, it leaves
them the shadow of what they once were.
They are nominally what they should he as of
sovereign right. And so long as they remain
servile, suppliant, and subservient, the mailed
hand of central power is stayed. But if the
Legislature enacts a law, it' the Governor en-
forces it, if the judge upon the bench renders
a judgment, if the sheriff levy an execution,
execute a writ, serve a summons, or make an
arrest, all acting under a solemn, official oath,
though as pure in duty as a saint and as im-
maculate as a seraph, for a mere error of judg-
.ment, they are liable, and most certain, a' the
suit of any knave, plain or colored, under the
pretext of the deprivation of his rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities as a citizen, par excel-
lence, of the United States, to be summarily
stripped of official authority, dragged to the
bar of a distant and unfriendly court, and there
placed in the pillory of vexation, expensive,
and protracted litigation, and heavy damages
and amercements, destructive of health and
exhaustive of means, for the benefit of unscru-
pulous adventurers or venal minions of power.
Hitherto, in all the history of this country
and of England, no judge or court has been
held liable, civilly or criminally, for judicial
acts, and the ministerial agents of the law
have been covered by the same ®gis of exemp-
tion. Willfulness and corruption in error alone
created a liability; and the judiciary has always
