366
THE COKGRBSSIOHAL GLOBE.
March 31,
remained _ in justice and equity, ia intellect
and learning, in freedom and in courage, far,
far uplifted above the turmoils, the passions,
and the vicissitudes of parties and partisan
creeds, the central orb of the highest civiliza-
tion, and the sheet-anchor of law and order.
But no tribunal is sacred in the eye of exist-
ing usurpation, and every character, however
excellent, must go down under the baleful
progress of despotic power. Under the pro-
visions of this section every judge in the State
court and every other officer thereof, great or
small, will enter upon and pursue the call of
official duty with the sword of Damocles sus-
. pended over him by a silken thread, and bent
upon him the scowl of unbridled power, the
forerunner of the impending wrath, which is
gathering itself to burst upon its victim.
But I can dwell on this section no longer,
and I hasten on to section two:
That if two or more persons shall, within the
limits of any State, band, conspire, or combine
together to do any act in violation of the rights,
privileges, or immunities of any person, to which
he is entitled tinder the Constitution and laws of
the United States, which, committed within a placc
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States, would, under any law of the United
States then in force, constitute the crime of either
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault
and battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction oi legal proccss orreklstanco of offi-
cers in discharge of official duty, arson, or larceny,
and if one or more of the parties to said conspiracy
or combination shall do any act to effect the object
thoreof, all tho parties to or engaged in said con-
spiracy or combination, whether principals or acces-
sories, shall bo deemed guilty of a felony, and upon
conviction thoreof shall bo liable to a penalty of
not exceeding $10,000, or to imprisonment not ex-
ceeding ten years, or both, at tho disorotion of tho
court: Provided, That if any party or parties to such
conspiracy or combination shall, in furtherance of
such common design, commit the crime of murdor,
such party or parties so guilty shall, upon convic-
tion thereof, sutler doath: ,1 ltd provided aim, That
any offense punishable under this act, begun in ono
judicial district of tho Unitod States and completed
in another, may bo doult with, inquired of, tried,
determined, and punishod in either district.
This section, like the first, absorbs the entire
jurisdiction of the States over their local and
domestic affairs: the first section as to civil
rights and remedies, and the second as to
wrongs anil punishments ; and it broadly as-
serts the same exclusive and plenary authority'
and jurisdiction in Congress and the United
States courts over these subjects in and over
all the States which the Federal Government
possesses over places acquired by the consent
of the States " for the erection of forts, maga-
zines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
buildings."
It enumerates certain offenses now, under
existing laws, punished as such in the United
States courts, when committed in places under
exclusive Federal jurisdiction, such as enumer-
ated above. It then proceeds to create and
define the particular offense, to wit:
First, banding, conspiring, or combining
together to commit any one of the following
offenses in the States, namely: murder, man-
slaughter, mayhem, robbery, perjury, subor-
nation of perjury.
All heretofore of the sole jurisdiction of the
States, within their limits, and punished as fel-
onies.
Secondly, criminal obstruction of legal pro-
cessor resistance of officers in discharge of
official duty.
All this, I suppose, whether the officers or
process be State or Federal, legal or illegal,
for such is the vagueness and generality of
the terms of the bill. Those otfenses are sueh
in the State# and uniformly punished there by
the State laws and courts as felonies or mis-
demeanors, according to the circumstances of
the particular case.
Thirdly and last, upon which I will dwell but
for arnoment, by way of illustration of the tem-
per of the bill, assault and battery, for the
most part the lowest grade of offense, being
often no graver than a mere breach of the peace;
and if any one of sueh persons, so combining
to commit an assault and battery, shall do any
act, shall so much as raise his hand, though it
descend not, or advance his foot, though it
step not, and no harm ensues to person or
thing, all and each are declared to be guilty of
a felony, and, upon conviction, fined $10,000
and imprisoned ten years, either or both, at
the discretion of the court.
Shades of Draco and of Jeffreys 1 where is
the parallel to this wickedness? But the vic-
tims are intended to be such persons as shall
be deemed odious to the Administration and
its minions, and obstacles in their way; and
evil is to be their good 1 What says the eighth
amendment to the Constitution?
"Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excess-
ive lines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punish-
ments inflicted ."—Constitution, eighth amendment.
Says Mr. Justice Story:
''This is an exact transcript of a clause in the Bill
of Rights, framed at therevolution of 1688. The pro-
vision would seem to be wholly unnecessary in a
froe Government, since it is scarcely possible that
any department of such a Government should au-
thorize or justify such atrocious conduct. It was,
however, adopted as an admonition to all depart-
ments of the national Government, to warn them
against such violent proceedings as had taken place
in England in the arbitrary reigns of some of the
Stuarts. In those times a demand of excessive bail
was often mado against persons who were odious to
the court and its favorites, and on falling to procure
it they were committed to prison. Enormous fines
and amercements were also sometimes imposed, and
cruel and vindictive punishments inflicted. And
Mr. Justice Blaekstono observes that sanguinary
laws arc a bad symptom of the distemper of any
State, or at least of the weakness of its constitution.
The laws of the Roman kings, and the twelve tables
of tho Dccomviri, woro full of cruel punishments.
Tho Poician law, which exempted all citizens from
sentenco of death, silently abrogated them all. In
this peiiod tho republic flourished. Under tiie em-
perors severe laws were revived, and then tile empire
fell."—2 titory, Constitution, 1903.
Tn this section we find a sweeping usurpation
of universal criminal jurisdiction in the States,
and the sages and jurists of the Supreme Court
of the United States are whittled down to the
dimensions of a police judge.
Now, it is well settled that the Federal courts
were invested with no common law or general
criminal jurisdiction. It was not in harmony
with the genius of the compact of the States that
it should be; for such a grant of power would
have been incompatible with the reserved sov-
ereignty of the States and the liberty and safety
of the people. It is equally well settled that the
jurisdiction of crimes within the States (with
a few exceptional cases arising under Federal
statutes in pursuance of express grants in the
Constitution) were left, and ought to have been
left, to the common and statute law pertaining
to each State.
The last paragraph of the section under
consideration concludes with this monstrous
usurpation:
That ovory ofi'onso punishable under this act,
begun in ono judicial district of tho United States
and completed ia another, may be dealt with, in-
quired of, tried, determined, and punished in either
district.
Thus it is, one by one, every barrier to the
inroads of despotic power, and every safeguard
thrown around the liberty of the people by the
wisdom and vigilance of our fathers, are swept
into annihilation.
The third paragraph of the second section
of the third article of the Constitution provides
that the "trial shall be held in the State where
the crimes shall have been committed." What
will be the effect of unsettling the place of trial?
Why, simply this, that an unscrupulous exec-
utive, with subservient tools in office fattening
on executive patronage, will hunt or kidnap a
destined victim to a convenient State or local-
ity, and there, under the pretext that the con-
cealment of the offense is a part of the offense
which follows him wherever he goes and is not
completed until seized, take him into custody
and put him on trial in a court organized to
convict.
What says Mr. Justice Story on the subject
of the place of trial ?
"The object of this clause"—
that last above quoted—
"is to secure the party accused from being dragged
to a trial in some distant State, away from his friends.
and witnesses, and neighborhood, and thus to be
subjected to the verdict of mere strangers, who may
feel no common sympathy, or who may even cherish
animosities or prejudices against him. Besides this,
a trial in a distant State or Territory might subject
the party to themostoppressiveexpenses, or perhaps
even to the inability of procuring tho proper wit-
nesses to establish his innocence. There is little
danger, indeed, that Congress would ever exert their
power in such an oppressive and unjustifiable man-
ner. But, upon a subject so vital to the security of
the citizen, it was fit to leave as little as possible to
mere discretion/'
But the draughtsman of this bill has gone on,
by regular stages of progression, from bad to
worse, and the farther he advances the more
profoundly the fundamental law, which he has
sworn to support, fades from his view and
sinks into the Lethe of his contempt. I pro-
ceed to section three :
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic
violence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws thereof as to deprive any por-
tion or class of tho people of such State of any of
tho rights, privileges, or immunities named in and
secured by this act, and the constituted authorities
of such State shall either be unable to or shall from
any cause fail in or refuse protection of the people
in such rights, and shall fail or neglect through the
proper authorities to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts shall
bo deemed a denial by such State of the equal pro-
tection of the laws to which they are entitled under
the fourteenth^article of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States; and in all such cases it
shall be lawful for the President, and it shall be his
duty, to take such measures, by the employment of
the militia or the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, or of either, or by other means, as he may
deem necessary for the suppression of such insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, or combinations; and any
person who shall be arrested under the provisions
of this and the preceding section shall be delivered
to the marshal of the proper district, to be dealt with
according to law.
Several very obvious reflections arise upon
the reading of this section. If the constituted
authorities of a State should become unable
to protect its citizens the state of case arises
for which the framersofthe Constitution pro-
vided in the last clause of the fourth section
of the fourth article of the Constitution, to wit:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government,
and shall protect each of them against invasion;
and on application of the Legislature, or of the Ex-
ecutive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,)
against domestic violence."
And if the absence of protection resulted
from inability in the constituted authorities,
the presumption raised by the framers of the
Constitution, and the only one fit to be raised,
is irresistible, that the Legislature on the one
hand or the Executive on the other would make
the application. This was as far as people
jealous of power deemed it necessary or safe
to go in that direction. This was the rule
sanctioned by Washington, Franklin, Jefferson,
and Madison.
Montesquieu, in commenting on the pro-
visions of this section, says:
"The spirit of monarchy is war and the enlarge-
ment of dominion. Peace and moderation form the
spirit ot a republic. These two kinds of government
cannot natuially subsist together in a confederate
republic. Greece was undone as soon as the kings
otMacedon obtainedaseat among the Amphictyons,
and if the United States wish to preserve themselves
from a similar fate they will consider the guarantees
contained in this clause as a corner-stone of their
liberties."
And listen to the virtuous and complacent
observations of Mr. Justice Story, and mark
how his expectations and assurances are be-
trayed by the enormities of this bill. He says:
"Every pretext for intermeddling with the do-
mestic concerns of any State, undercolor of protect-
ing it against domestic violence, is taken away by
that part ot the provision which renders an applica-
tion trom the legislative or executive authority of
the State endangered necessary to be made to the
(xeneral (xoverninent before its interference can be
at ail proper."
lias that provision of the Constitution ever
been abolished; if so, when and how? It
stands intact. The members of this House
only on the 4th day of March last, invoking
the attention of the Deity, swore to support it.
And it is said: " Thou shalt not take the name
of the Lord thy God in vain ; for the Lord will
not hold him guiltless that taketh His name in
