1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
found by a grand jury; and the Ku Klux have
managed always to get charge of the grand
juries in their localities and never let the causes
get in a condition where they can be removed,
and that is the reason why no Ku Klux has
been convicted. The Republican judges and
the machinery of the courts do not let the
Republicans who commit crimes have any
benefit of that.
Mr. BLAIR. That is the best account these
gentlemen can give of it.
Mr. POOL. The true account.
Mr. BLAIR. With the entire machinery of
government in their hands, with the officials
in all parts of the State, with the jury laws
made by themselves, with judges appointed
by Holden or elected by the people, all of
them Radicals; with the prosecuting attorneys
all Radicals ; in that condition of things they
never yet have been able to convict a Demo-
crat as a Ku Klux; but they have frequently
convicted Radicals and sent them to the peni-
tentiary and inflicted other punishment upon
them. That is one of the most remarkable
qtotd of
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, 1 will.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask whether my friend
from Missouri means to say that any Repub-
lican or Radical has been convicted as a Ku
Klux ?
Mr. BLAIR. I do mean to say so, and I
am very much astonished at the Senator from
Vermont asking the question, as it is proved
over and over again in half a dozen places in
this book of evidence, upon which he is ready
now to hang the whole South, without having
read a line of it,, I suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDM UNDS. If there is enough to hang
the whole people, it is a pity the sentence can-
not be executed so far as the wicked ones are
concerned.
Mr. BLAIR. Ididnotsay there was enough,
but that the Senatorwas ready to do it without
evidence and against evidence, and indeed
without reading the evidence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Mis-
souri will be kind enough to point out to us
one case of what he calls a Republican or a
Radical being convicted or indicted as a Ku
Klux, I would be very much obliged to him.
Mr. BLAIR. I wiil do that favor for the
gentleman. 1 point him to the case of Allen
Paisley, page 347, upon the testimony of a
negro, testified to by half a dozen other per-
sons; but the testimony which I have selected
to refer to, page 347, is from Caswell Holt.
He gives an account of Allen Paisley, who was
a preacher in Alamance county, getting up a
body of Ku Klux, disguising thein, going and
whipping a number of negroes, his own uncle
among others.
Mr. SHERMAN. He was a colored man.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, he was colored.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend 
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to answer the Senator
from Vermont. He solicited me to do this
thing. The Senator has appealed to me to
give him an instance. Here is a preacher of
the Gospel, Allen Paisley, a negro, convicted
with three others and sent to the penitentiary
for Kukluxing other negroes, among whom
was his own uncle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What page was that,
pray?
Mr. BLAIR. Page 347, the testimony of
Caswell Holt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thank you.
Mr. BLAIR. Now I will point the gentle-
man to another case, that of Wilson Dewer,
page 41 of the appendix, exhibit A of the
minority report. Now 1 have got a case here
that I am going to send to the Secretary "to be
read. It gives an account of a case of Ku-
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 9.
kluxing which occurred at Meridian, in Mis-
sissippi, Kukluxing on a negro by a white
Republican.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Livingston', Sumter County, Alabama,
March 13, 1871.
Dear Sir: * * * * During the month
of February, a colored man acting as deputy sheriff"
for this county visited the city of Meridian, Missis-
sippi, where it was necessary for him to remain dur-
ing the night. About midnight he was taken from
his bed by a party of masked men. forcibly carried to
the nearest woods, and there most brutally whipped.
One of this disguised party, in passing through the
bushes, had his mask torn from his face, thereby
exposing his countenance. At the time this occurred
the moon was shining brightly. The person, who
was at the time holding to this colored inan, and
who wasrecognized by him, wasDaniel Price, awhite
Radical. This man Price, from 1806 until the middle
of i870, was a leading Radical, and had more influ-
ence among the Radical otEcials at Montgomery and
Washington city than all others of his party in this
section of the State, llis influence was so great that
county and United States officers were removed and
other appointments made at his suggestion. So
soon as this man Price saw that the inevitable result
of the contest of 1870 would be the overthrow of
Radical thralldom and the return to our people of
constitutional independence, bo left this State and
took up his residence in the city of Meridian. Here,
with renewed energy, he continued his incendiary
teachings among the ignorant blacks, stirring up
strife and discord, endeavoring to produce a collision
among the races.
So soon as this colored man made known to me his
sufferings and the outrages which had been perpe-
trated upon him, Ximmediately repaired toajustice
of the peace ana instituted legal proceedings; had
Daniel Price arrested under what is popularly known
as the "Ku Klux" law of Mississippi. On Price
being arraigned, the cause not being in condition tor
trial, the committing court granted him bail, which
he gave. I then instituted a full inciuiry into the
entire transaction and soon accumulated evidence
sufficient to satisfy any reasonable mind of his guilt.
Before the next term, to which the cause was con-
tinued, arrived, Price, in the night-time, left the
State, leaving his bondsmen to pay the forfeiture.
These facts are matters of record and arc not hear-
say statements.
I give you this sketch of what I conceive to be at
this crisis one of the most important trials that has
been had in this part of the southern States since the
surrender. Its importance grows out of the fact that
the first disguised man brought to justice by a judi-
cial proceeding was a leading Radical. It has a
political bearing that I trust you may turn to good
account in vindicating the chivalry of our people.
If you desire it, and conclude that a certified tran-
script of the proceedings in this cause, bearing the
official seal of some officer, will be of benefit to you,
I will procure the same and send you.
In conclusion, X take the privilege of asking your
attention, by way of sending mo such public docu-
ments as may be of interest, such as the Attorney
General's report, report of Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, ifcc. ^ " * * *
I remain, sir, your obedient servant,
J. G. HARRIS.
Hon. Frank P. Blair, United States Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, sir, that is another case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
from Missouri, as I have not been very familiar
with this Ku Klux business, to recur again for
a moment to tbe case of Paisley, if that was the
person's name, found on page 347, and I ask
him to be good enough to tell us whether this
case as disclosed by the testimony was not that
of two or three negroes who wanted to get ham
or money out of their brother negroes?
Mr. BAYARD. Twenty-five of them were
in that matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not speaking to my
friend from Delaware. I am asking my friend
from Missouri, upon the record which I have
before me, as to the number of people, be it
three or twenty-five, no matter how many,
but the record says three, who appeared.
They called themselves twenty five, like that
famous man who talked about twelve men in
buckram. They appeared to a brother negro,
three of them, and got in his bouse and told
him they wanted ham. He said he had not
any ham. They appeared to him with their
shirts, if they had any, outside of their trow-
sers, with paper masks, and called themselves
Ku Klux. He said he had not any ham.
Then they told him if he had not any ham
they wanted money. He told them that he
was as short of motley as he was of ham ; and
thereupon they are said to have flogged him.
I ask if that is not the substance of that testi-
mony; and if it is, I wish to ask my friend
from Missouri whether he, in the presence of
this Senate, intends to say that that is a Ku
Klux organization?
Mr. BLAIR. That is exactly what the Ku
Klux are described to be in all the testimony
in that book.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ah I
Mr. BLAIR. If the gentleman can show
any distinction between them, let him do it.
He cannot show that any of them were white
men. I think it very likely, from all that has
been disclosed, that with the exception of the
man who was tried at Meridian, there is no
testimony implicating any white man in this
Ku Klux business in the State of North Caro-
lina, with the exception of the testimony of
Boyd, who had a halter around his neck and a
bribe in his pocket of $250 when he testified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri yield to the Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. BLAIR. I will yield to the gentleman
as long as he wants.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to be
yielded to long. I know that my friend from
Missouri is a man who loves truth and does
not wish to misrepresent. Now, let me sug-
gest to him that the reason why he fails to find
testimony, except in those cases where he con-
victs Republican Ku Klux, is the fact that
where any white man, as he calls him, is en-
gaged in outrages, his brother white men, who
belong to the white man's party, as it is called,
provide that he never shall be testified against,
but shall always be testified for by perjury if
necessary.
Mr. BLAIR. I understand that that is the
accusation made by the gentleman and his
friends here on this floor. I do not understand
that to be the truth. Therefore I do not love
it. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, that is not the only ease of Rad-
ical Ku Klux which I have read. There are
others. Take the case of Corliss, who was
beaten. Every effort was made to detect by
whom he was beaten. There was no evidence
implicating anybody except his own statement,
which will be found at page 149, where lie says
one of the men who beat him and carried him
off on his back told him (Corliss) that he was
a negro. That is the evidence of Corliss
himself. I was amused at the Senator from
Ohio when he first commenced referring to the
testimony of this person. He said he was a
Quaker, and immediately afterward he found
out that he was lame; said he, I take it he is a
lame soldier. Here is a man, then, both a
Quaker and a lame soldier, when it served the
purpose of the Senator to make him appear in
either character to get sympathy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
there are a good many such. Many Quakers
went into the service.
Mr. BLAIR. The difference between the
many you knew and this man is that there
were many who were both Quakers and sol-
diers, but this was neither a Quaker nor a sol-
dier. I think he was a very respectable man;
1 think he was dreadfully treated; and he as-
signs a reason for it, and he suspects certaip
white men of doing it. But he says, and his
manner was truthful throughout, that one of
the parties who inflicted this punishment upon
him told him that he was a negro.
There is the case, also, of Wilson Dewer,
which has been before alluded to, where there
was a club of fifty men. Wilson Dewer and
some of this party were convicted and are
now in the penitentiary for burning barns,and
other outrages upon persons and property.
Upon the confession of this man he was con-
