130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Senate.
Kit, IClux Organization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
victed of these kukluxing operations, and he
deposes in his confession that there were fifty
of them; that they went by night and in dis-
guise to do these deeds.
The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevkn-
sont,] the other day, in the remarks which he
made, alluded to a case which took place in
Goldsborough, where three men were convicted
of kukluxing a negro for voting the Demo-
cratic ticket; and there are still others. In
this testimony, at page 868, in Wilson county,
there was an organization belonging to the j
Loyal League convicted for intimidating and
striking and beating negroes who wanted to
vote the Democratic ticket. Tliey were con-
victed and sentenced, but pardoned by the
Governor. Here are half a dozen cases of
convictions, all of them of negroes, for putting
on disguises, going out at night, committing
outrages. They are caught and convicted,
and ore most of them in the penitentiary—all
that have not been pardoned by Governor
Ilolden.
We have the record before us and no con-
viction of any white men or any Democrats in
the State of North Carolina, and nothing but
the evidence of Boyd, who deposes that they
do commit these crimes; that they decide
upon theiu in their meetings or camps utid
went out to do them, but who declared that
he was never present when any crime was
committed, nor when any was consulted about,
and never attended hut one meeting, llo was
himself a man out of whom a confession was
forced by a threat of a drum-head court-mar-
tial, and who afterward accepted a bribe from
Governor Holden of $250. That is all his tes-
timony amounts to, looked at from a legal point
of view. Everything else that he deposes is
hearsay. He declares that certain men knew
when Wyatt Outlaw was killed. Why did not
the Governor, why did not the judges and
othem lake those men and investigate tho mur-
der of Wyait Outlaw? They are the authori-
ties. The Democrats were not in authority
in North Carolina when these outrages were
committed. They have not the executive
power now; they have none ol the judges on
their side now. Why did not tlie constituted
authorities of the State of North Carolina in-
vestigate this case and lind these witnesses
who were pointed out by Boyd, and take their
testimony on tho subject?
The fact is that not only is there this cumu-
lative evidence to show that these disorders
were created by Radical measures and by Rad-
icals down there to rob the people, but all the
convictions were of Radicals, and the Radicals
are the only men in Noith Carolina or in the
South who have any interest in creating dis-
order. The white people who own the prop-
erty are interested directly to put them down.
The Radicals are interested to keep them up
in order to invite the interference of the Gov-
ernment to maintain them in power after the
people have kicked them out.
And what is the remedy that these gentle-
men ask? That they may be replaced in au-
thority by the military rower. Did you find
out any of the perpetrators of these crimes by
your military when you marehed them into
Alamance county? Did the United States
discover any of them when it sent, its military
there at the bidding of Ilolden ? United States
officers who were down there unite in declar-
ing that the people were pcaceable. that the
only- apprehension of disturbance was from
Kirk and his men. Kirk and Reigen seized
ninety-odd men in the county of Alamance.
Did they procure the conviction of any of them?
Not one. Did they prefer any charges against
them? No; they were liberated by a United
States judge on a habeas corpus, and no alle-
gation of crime was made against them, that
judge having been a supporter of General
Grant, who said he would have voted for him
if he had been at hom« at the presidential
election. Neither the State nor the United
States military did anything toward the detec-
tion and putting down of these crimes.
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word?
Mr. BLAIR. I will.
Mr. POOL. The Senator is certainly in
error. There were a good many of them bound
over by the supreme court judges, after an
investigation of three weeks, to appear at the
superior court.
Mr. BLAIR. Not one of those who were
arrested by Kirk and Bergen.
Mr. POOL, Yes, sir; the Senator is mis-
taken. I happen to know the nam es of them.
There were a good many arrested; a part were
taken before Judge Brooks, and a part before
the supreme court judges, Judge Pearson, the
chief justice, presiding. Those who were car-
ried before Judge Brooks were not bound over,
because the judge declined to give the ten days
that were asked by Colonel Kirk to bring the
witnesses, for there was not a witness present.
But those who were taken before the supreme
court judges were bound over to appear at the
superior courts of their respective counties and
answer the charges before a grand jury. They
were bound over on charges. I merely wished
to correct the Senator in that respect.
Mr. BLAIR. In respect to that my recol-
lection may have been at fault. My recollec-
tion was that all those prisoners were carried
before Judge Brooks. I know perfectly well
that Judge Brooks gave ample time, and it
was testified to by himself that this man Kirk
delayed the execution of the writ of habeas
corpus until the very last day.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow
m t> ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. At page 279 of this testi-
mony the facts are stated in full by Judge
Brooks on an examination by me:
"Quention. You say that when Kirlc responded to
thewnts of li'ibettH corpu* that you issued lie did
>.0 on tlio lasf day on which they were returnable?
"Ahhuu-i'. Yes, sir; and tho last hour.
"Question. What timo had ho allowed him in which
lo make return to those writs?
"Anmoer. 1 am not certain now whetherit was ten
dny« or twenty days; it was ono or the other.
"tyuextioii. JOi!her ton days or twenty days?
"J witorr. Y es, sir.
"Question, And ho delayed making tho return to
the very last hour which tho law gave him?
"Answer. Yes, sir; it was lato in the afternoon of
the last day.
"Quantum. What timo in addition did you give,
upon the implication of tho counsel employed by
Governor i iojden ?
"Ahkwo\ I gave thorn tho full timo they a?kcd;
it wns unt .1 the next day.
All the timo they asked?
".Insi#'r. Yes,sir.
iK(lhtevtion. And there never was stated to you, at
any time, eithor tho names of the witnesses or the
character of tho testimony they relied upon ?
"-fl/wiocr. No, sir; it never was stated to mo that
they had any testimony, or that they could in the
future produce any testimony, upon which they
could base a motion cither ior the remanding or the
further detention ol those men."
Mr. BLAIR. I do not discover in the his-
tory of this North Carolina case any ability in
the military to bring to light, to seize and bring
i to punishment, any better than the courts. No
| greatfn- success attended the military expedition
j of Ilolden than attended that 111 their courts,
li and so we have it that with the courts, with
the sheriffs, with the solicitors, with the judges,
li with all the otficeis, and with all the military
on their side, they can discover nobody that
commits this crune of Kukluxing except their
own Radical friends and negroes. That is the
state of the case.
Now, there is another illustration of the posi-
tion I take, that the military is not the proper
arm to ferret out and discover and punish
crime. I recollect very well the trouble at
New Orleans at the time of the riot there.
The commanding officer telegraphed to Secre-
tary Stanton that there was danger of a riot,
and asked of him whether he should interfere
and prevent the riot. Stanton put the tele-
gram in his pocket and let the riot go on, and
used it to make prejudice against the Presi-
dent, Mr. Johnson. General Sheridan was,
by a strange coincidence, out of the way when
the riot came off. When he returned he never
discovered nor punished a single rioter. He
had the military power, the power of the courts,
all the authority, and never was there one man
brought to justice and punished for that riot,
according to my recollection. There was a
suspicion then, from all the attendant circum-
stances, and front the fact that the military did
not interfere, that the Radicals had an interest
in allowing the riot to go on, and the use they
made of it confirms the suspicion that they
connived at, if they did not. create the riot.
Baird, the commander left behind by Sheri-
dan, telegraphed to Stanton to know whether
he should interfere. Stanton refrained from
giving any instructions, declining to give in-
formation to Johnson, then using the very fact
of the riot against Mr. Johnson. You were
not able to bring anybody to justice with
the full military power in your hands at New
Orleans, with Phil. Sheridan at the head of
affairs. It looked to me very much as if it was
a got-up thing for precisely the same purpose
that these Kit Klux sensations are now being
got up, to justify more wrongs, lo justify you
in those atrocious measures which you are
attempting again to impose upon the people
of the South.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
alluded the other day to the case of Yerger.
It was an exceedingly painful case. He read
a statement of it, which he said had been fur-
nished to him by a Senator on this floor. I
do not intend to controvert the facts con-
tained in that statement, but there is a far
more instructive moral in that case than was
drawn by the Senator from Ohio. The case,
in short, was that a military officer was ap-
pointed, by the military commander of the
district, military mayor of Jackson, and sought
to collect a military tax from its citizens. The
military commander was there without author-
ity ; his appointment of the military mayor was
without authority ; the collection of the tax was
without authority.
Everybody, I believe, knows that this man
Yerger, who committed this deed, was a man
of violent character. The Senator says that
since the commission of this deed he has
been received as a man would be received
in another community who had committed
no such deed, with cordiality and with con-
sideration. 1 do not mean to question the
statement at all; but I say this, that the idea
of the people of the South that they are
oppressed by illegal and unconstitutional laws
imposed upon them is sufficient, not to justify,
but to excite violent passions, and in other
countries where these oppressions are prac-
ticed we find that those who strike down a
minister of the law are very frequently re-
garded in a manner different from the persons
committing the like deeds would be in another
condition of society.
But I wish to call the attention of the Senate
and of the country to Yerger's case in another
aspect. The Senator from Ohio only gave
one aspect of it; I wish to give another. Yer-
ger was convicted by a military commission,
a drum-head court-mariial, under authority
of the reconstruction acts of Congress, con-
vened under the authority of the military com-
mander of the district. He immediately sought
out a writ of habeas corpus from Chief Justice
Chase. At this point I prefer to read the state-
ment of facts given to me by one familiar with
