1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Kfax Organization-—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
the case, so that there may be no mistake
about it:
Dear Sir: The proceedings in the matter of the
habeas corpus were originally before Chief Justice
Chase at chambers, the questions arising thereon,
to wit, whether he had jurisdiction to issue the writ
to Mississippi, and the validity of the section of the
act conferring authority on military commissions,
were fully argued by the Attorney General, Hour,
and by Mr. Carlisle and myself for the prisoner.
While the case was thus pending before the Chief
Justice a proposition was made by the Attorney
General to suspend these proceedings and to take
other means for preparing the case, so that it might
be brought before the Supreme Court at the ensuing
December term.
This was done by initiating the process before
the circuit judge in Mississippi who issued the writ
that brought up the body, but on the return of the
officer showing that he was held by the military by
virtue of the reconstruction acts, he was ordered to
be remanded into custody of the military, and on
this the case was brought before the Supreme Court.
At an early day of the session of the court I moved
in the case by asking that a day might be assigned
for argument. The Attorney General then urged
that the court should, in reference to the argument,
direct that the question of its j urisdietion should be
separately argued and first decided before the mer-
its of the controversy should be considered. This,
of course, produced delay.
After several days the court announced that the
motion of the Attorney General was granted, and
fixed a day when the question of jurisdiction was to
be discussed.
The discussion took place; and in due course of
time the opinion of the court was delivered, sustain-
ing the jurisdiction, (unanimous.)
This left the single question to be considered by
the court, who had thus announced that they had
legally the possession of the ease, and that question
was whether the authority conferred upon tiie mili-
tary to try citizens not connected with the military
or naval serviee was not in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
This same question had arisen on McCardle's case,
■which had been argued at great length by special
counsel of the Government, (Trumbull and Carpex-
ter, I think,) but while the ease was being considered
in the conference-room a bill was hastily prepared
and passed which took away the jurisdiction ot the
Supreme Court on cases thereafter brought or in
those then pending.
This extraordinary legislation is remarked on by
the Chief Justice in the reported case, but it was
submitted to.
The jurisdictional question being now decided in
our favor, I would have immediately set the case
down for a hearingon theconstitutional question in
the discharge of my duty to the prisoner, Yerger.
This, however, I was persuaded from doing by con-
siderations contained in written stipulations en-
tered into by the Attorney General, representing tho
Executive. I do not feel at liberty now to state
what these stipulations are. I may say that the
counsel lor Yerger considered them as advantageous,
and, of course, with the "McCardle game" so re-
cently played before them, they did not shut their
eyes t  the fact that it might bo played again in this
case.
The case, therefore, was allowed to hang in the
Supreme Court without aifcy motion being made on
my jiart to call it up, and at last when the State of
Mississippi was allowed her representation as a
State, application was made by virtue of this act,
Yerger was entitled to be turned over to the civil
authorities, the Executive assented, and the order
was made accordingly.
It is to be remembered that by the act anything
less than the death penalty could be carricd into
execution; but when tbe sentence was death, tho
proceedings were to be sent for approval to the
President. I have no doubt that Yerger'a sentence
was death and that the record of the military court
was sent to the President. I know the record is now
here.
Without regard to the contents of the stipulations,
it is too plain tor denial that the case was manipu-
lated so as to avoid the decision of the court. The
excitement against Yerger was very great, and noth-
ing could have arrested his execution but the inter-
position of this constitutional Question.
Yours, truly, P. PHILLIPS.
Mr. MORTON. Who is that by ?
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Phillips, one of the coun-
sel in the case of i'erger. Here was a case
brought up before the Supreme Court on ap-
peal to test the validity of your reconstruc-
tion acts, the man being under sentence of
death for the commission of a cruel murder
as described by the Senator from Ohio, and
yet you did not dare to take his life, and you
confessed by your action that you knew your
reconstruction acts were invalid and uncon-
stitutional. The President evidently had not
  particle of faith in the constitutionality of
those laws. The cgurt had already decided
that they were unconstitutional in a similar
case, that of Milligan from the State of Indi-
ana, and when the Supreme Court decided that
they had jurisdiction in this case, you did not
dare to go a step further, although the man
was convicted according to the forms of your
so-called law. That was a confession that you
knew the act was unconstitutional. You did
not dare to take the life of the citizen who had
committed the outrageous murder, as it was
stigmatized by the Senator from Ohio. Well,
sir, I do not blame you for your caution.
But while you hesitated in-that respect you
did not hesitate to go forward under the act that
you knew to be unconstitutional and rob the
whole people of the South of the rights vested
in them by the Constitution. There was no
hesitation in seizing and appropriating all the
political power of the South to maintain your-
selves here, for without that power you would
now be in a minority in this and in the other
House of Congress. Not only is that true, but
these carpet-baggers from the South are used
to rule the Radical party and defeat its legiti-
mate Representatives. It was that vote which
decided the policy of the Radical party in the
caucus that struck down the man who built up
the Radical party, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and displaced him
from the head of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Thus the nation is ruled by a
minority of a minority. All this has been
accomplished under the reconstruction act
which you confessed by your own action was
unconstitutional, null, and void, and which you
dared not execute when the Supreme Court
threw the shield of the Constitution around the
person of Yerger and compelled you to release
him from the sentence of death pronounced by
the military commission convened under your
reconstruction laws.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
for an executive session.]
Tuesday, April 4, 1871.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the same
subject.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yesterday asked
me a question in regard to the policy that I
would suggest as a remedy for the evils ad-
mitted to exist at the South. Frankly admit-
ting, as the Senator did, that the profligacy of
the Legislature of South Carolina and the
Legislatures in the other reconstructed States,
and their utter want of character and ability 
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will please
confine my opinion on that subject to South
Carolina and Louisiana. I do not know as to
the rest of the States. It may be so, and it
may be not.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, admitting very
frankly, as the Senator did, the utter profli-
gacy of the Legislatures of those two States,
aud the failure from that reason of the policy
of reconstruction established by Congress in
those States, he turned to me aud sought my
advice. Certainly I feel very highly compli-
mented. I did not give him as full an answer
to his question as I intended. I did not de-
sire to evade his question, nor do I intend to
do so. He wanted to know what I would sug-
gest. I responded that I would suggest the
reestablishment of the vital principle of our
system of government: local self-government:
that without this I could see no hope of the
extrication of the States of the South from
the dilemma in which they had been placed by
the usurpations of Congress.
That was not entirely satisfactory to the
Senator. He said, or insinuated, that perhaps
we had too much local self-government; that
the ignorant and superstitious negroes were
now entitled to the ballot, and he asked whether
I would advise that the ballot be taken from
them.
In the first place, Mr. President, I deem it
essential to the reestablishment of anything
like order or government in the South that the
men of intelligence and respectability and char-
acter in the South should be allowed to take
part in their government. I think there is no
hope until that is done. When that is done I
believe the people of the South are willing to
give negro suffrage a fair trial, and if it is found
to be compatible with the existence of our in-
stitutions 1 believe there will be no effort to take
from them the ballot. I do not believe, from
what I hear from eminent men of the South,
that there is any disposition even now to de-
prive the negro of the ballot. 1 have seen a
letter from a very distinguished man, Mr. Ste-
phens, of Georgia, in which he uses the very
words I have used, that the people of the South
are willing to give negro suffrage a fair trial,
and that they do not desire to take judgment
upon the failure which has already occurred,
because, surrounded by the influences that the
negroes are now surrounded by, banded to-
gether as they are in these loyal leagues, incited
to animosity by shameless adventurers of the
North and others no better, sustained as they
have been by the military power of the Gov-
ernment, they do not believe the negroes have
had a fair trial under that system, and that they
cannot have a fair trial until the influence of
the men of character and men of intelligence
of the South, who have the welfare and interest
of the South at heart, can be fairly felt and
exercised.
If it shall be found in time that under the
best influences that can be thrown around
them, the influences of those who have every-
thing at stake in the South, free institutions
cannot be sustained but must perish or the
ballot be taken from the negro, I think there
will be a means, and a constitutional means,
discovered by which our institutions will be
preserved.
Already this very Congress has admitted the
failure of negro suffrage so far as this district
is concerned. The scandalous and shameless
proceedings of the negroes, led by adventurers,
in this city in despoiling the people of all then-
property led to petitions from nearly all the
respectable people of the District asking that
Congress might take the government of the
District out of the hands of the people, and
it has been done by the consent of Congress.
The Governor of the District and the council
of the District are now appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States. I have seen a peti-
tion, the first name upon it being that of the
General of our Army, followed by the names
of most of the respectable people of the city,
praying that this might be done. Such was
the utter failure of negro suffrage in this Dis-
trict that Congress, which established it and
initiated that policy, right here in the eye of
the nation, could not abide to let it remain.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to make a remark?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I venture to state, with-
out the fear of successful contradiction, that
the organization of a new government here had
nothing whatever to do with the question of
negro suffrage, as my honorable friend calls it.
The movementin favor of an independent legis-
lative government in this District has been
agitated in this city ever since I have been here.
The two elections that have occurred since the
negroes were allowed to vote eertai.-.ly did not
indicate any failure of negro suffrage. The two
gentlemen elected mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, Messrs. Bowen and Emery, were both
men of high character, so far as I know. The
government in this city for the last three or
four years has been as good as it has been since
I have been in the city of Washington. The
disposition on the part of the people here, the
wealthier classes especially, whose property
