1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
always more developed in the southern people
than in the northern. Slavery induced this
propensity, as it led them into a war against
the nation. I regard the present manifesta-
tions as the receding of the waves which were
produced by that storm of blood which pre-
vailed for four years, and spent its main force
upon six hundred battle-fields.
There is a struggle in the South on the part
of those who ruled before the war to recover
their lost domination. It is legitimate for any
class of people to seek control or power if the
means employed are consistent with the laws
of the land. I think the Democratic party of
the South do, in many instances, resort to
appliances which cannot be justified and are
pointedly in conflict with that just and cele-
brated sentiment of Thomas Jefferson, that
" error of opiniou may be safely tolerated when
reason is left free to coin bat it." They have
not always left reason free to combat their
principles. That the condition of those at the
close of the war who had joined their fortunes
with the confederacy was uncomfortable, I well
understand. It is as hard to bear misfortunes
which are self-imposed as it is to endure those
which are brought upon us by others. Soldiers
keenly appreciate the sting of defeat. The
southern people had lost their cause, and were
broken up in their property. They had been
unusi-d to labor. The whole social fabric had
become a scattered wreck. Although these
calamities were the results of their own wrong-
ful acts in warring against the nation, still the
prospect was uninviting, and required the ex-
ercise of the greatest philosophy to pass out
of such a state peacefully and successfully. It
will take time and patience and industry and
the subduing of prejudices and passions to
bring them out; and it is the duty of the nation
to lend every aid legitimately in its power to
hasten the day when the wrongs and disasters
of the past shall be effaced from memory.
The white people of the South are most
strongly prejudiced against the colored peo-
ple. Not so much, however, against them for
their color as for their previous condition.
The sudden and radical change which has
made the slave a coequal citizen does not com-
mend itself so readily to the mind of the
whilom slaveholder as to those of us who
were reared and educated under other cir-
cumstances. While the war was progressing
Federals and Confederates learned to regard
each other as enemies, and it was a feeling
that pervaded the minds of the entire popula-
tion of both sections. This feeling unhappily
did not die away with the sound of the last
discharge of fire-arms, and it is hardly a law
of mind that it should cease instantaneously.
Hence northern soldiers and northern men
who setaed in the South were regarded as in-
imical, and the feeling as a rule was reciprocal.
While we believe that the people of the South
were criminally wrong in engaging in the rebel-
lion, still we must concede the fact that the
great mass of them were sincere. Their opin-
ions resulted from false political teachings of
thirty years' duration.
Observation has shown us that conscience is
largely the creature of education. Hence, the
people of the South look upon laws for the
punishment of treason and restrictions upon
political privileges and immunities as unkind
and oppressive. These are some of the facts
which we are to consider and springing from
which are some of the causes from which the
present condition of the South has resulted.
When the war closed there were two elements
of population in the South whose future status
was undetermined: the blacks, who had never
enjoyed citizenship, and the large mass of the
whites, who for their acts might be deprived
of citizenship. The solution of the problem,
so far as it enfranchised and citizenized both
classes, was a wise policy. Whether the nation
ought to have gone further and made citizens
of all need not now be discussed. Whatever
may have been best then, it is clear to my mind
42d Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 24.
what course should now be pursued. I would
grant general amnesty at once. It will not
be followed by any dangerous consequences.
Good only will flow from such an act.
Why not grant amnesty? Is it withheld from
fear of adding strength to a political foe ? For
such a reason it would be ignoble to withhold
it. But it will not add a feather's weight to
the one side or the other. All can vote now.
Disqualification at best is only a limitation on
the number of men who may hold Federal
offices. It has been urged that amnesty should
be withheld because violence and outrages are
perpetrated in the South. Disfranchisement
incites to acts of violence. That men feel
wronged when their political privileges are
restricted is rather natural in America. One
such man embitters a whole community if he
attempts it, and if he does not make complaint
himself, his neighbors and friends do it for
him. This is an age and a country of enfran-
chisement rather than of disfranchisement. It
is morally and physically impossible to main-
tain tranquillity in any State, in any section,
when any considerable portion of the people
of that State or section are disfranchised. You
may send your Army to capture, and your
courts to try and punish offenders, but you
had better send also the full guard of citizen-
ship to those who are without it. I would use
force, if necessary, to quell disorders, but I
would remove every exciting cause of discon-
tent.
But it is said that the white people of the
South are opposed to the conferring of polit-
ical privileges upon the blacks. The assertion
is true. I do not believe, however, that they
will attempt to annul or abrogate the fifteenth
amendment any sooner than the Democrats
will everywhere. Whether opposition to it
shall cease depends entirely upon the action
of the Democratic party. If that party says
that the amendment shall not be executed,
their partisans in the South will obey the man-
date. If, on the contrary, the decision is to
submit to it, the advice will be followed. The
exercise of political franchises by the blacks
will be more tolerable to the hostile whites if
they are permitted to enjoy as much themselves.
Turn this question over as you will, and look
at it from every stand-point, to my mind the
arguments for amnesty are unanswerable.
Tennessee disfranchised more than a third
of her adult male population. That the State
government should speedily fall into the hands
of the friends of those who were affected by
this prescriptive policy was inevitable. No
other result could have been expected. It
required more than the legacy of fifteen hun-
dred State troops left by Governor Brownlow
to Governor Senter to prevent the popular
uprising. The result in that State is to be
most deeply deplored, for she gave more of her
sons to the Union Army than any or perhaps
all of the States which seceded, and she fur-
nished many of the ablest, most unflinching,
and self-sacrificing patriots of the South. Mis-
souri had her proscriptive laws and the ties
of party were not strong enough to bind men
to their support. The Republican party can-
not afford to continue disabilities. Wherever
a liberal policy has been adopted victory has
perched upon the Republican standard; the
opposite policy has been followed only by dis-
asters.
Mr. Speaker, my own State has had her car-
nivals- of blood, more bloody than any other
State or all other States combined. Her pres-
ent condition is a source of congratulation to
my party for the wise course which has been
pursued. The New Orleans Republican of a
recent date holds the following language:
"There is no complaint as to Louisiana, thanks
to the superior intelligence and greater industry of
our people, who have found moreprofltia accepting
the laws and in attending to their material inter-
ests than in defending their ancient prejudices and
in resisting the manifest will of the nation."
The profoundest peace there prevails. It is
as quiet as Vermont. This result is largely
due to the liberal policy adopted by the Repub-
lican party of the State. I would do injustice
not to say that something is also due to the
advanced grounds taken by the Democratic
party in that State, and I must commend then
example to their brethreu in other States. The
Republicans planted themselves squarely upon
the platform of amnesty, and struck from the
State constitution and abrogated all disfran-
chisements for participation in the rebellion
by a nearly unanimous vote at the ballot box.
The Democratic party in their State conven-
tion passed resolutions accepting the principles
of the fifteenth amendment, and invited negro
delegates to sit in convention with them on
terms of equality. After these occurrences
there was no war of races threatened of pre-
dicted. Peace has smiled upon the people
ever since, and if the two political parties of
the nation would follow the examples which
have been furnished them in the State of
Louisiana we might confidently look for an
early dawn of a halcyon period throughout
the South and the whole country.
The people of the southern States are anx-
ious to recover from the losses of the war and
to resuscitate their broken fortunes. They
appreciate fully the advantages of works of
internal improvement, and are turning their
attention to the subject to the best of their
ability. Every act of the Government which
encourages the development of resources cre-
ates a feeling of satisfaction. Legislate as you
will, and enforce order and obedienee to law
with as strong a hand as you may, still you
will accomplish more in the way of removing
exciting causes and in softening animosities,
by general amnesty acts and by generous and
well-adapted legislation to promote the devel-
opment of the material resources of the South.
But, sir, I do not expect such marked results
from the action of the General Government
as do gentlemen of more sanguine tempera-
ments. By far the most depends upon the
action and efficiency of the local governments.
The people themselves must sooner or later rise
up in their might and put an end to crimes and
disorders. 1 deplore turbulence everywhere
and am willing to grant the requisite force for
its suppression whenever it may be practically
and safely employed. But I do not despair of
the Republic nor of the South, nor do I totally
believe in the efficacy of force, and force alone.
Time, tolerance, and education are potent rem-
edies for American evils. May I venture to
say, in conclusion, that, with all the terrible
facts before us, and with all the exaggerations
which are so likely to occur, there is not a
man of intelligence and thought who did not
at the close of the war fear more extensive
and obstinate disorders in the South than
any which have been experienced ?
I yield whatever time I have left to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Monroe.]
Mr. MONROE. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not pro-
pose in the few words which I have to offer to
enter upon an examination of the condition of
affairs in our southern States. Enough, I sup-
pose, will be admitted in that respect to justify
the entertainment and discussion of this bill.
I think it must be generally admitted that there
exists in that portion of our country an exten-
sive and powerful secret organization, which
has become the occasion of very general com-
plaint. Without assuming anything in regard
to the character of this organization, as politi-
cal or otherwise, without assuming anything in
regard to the ultimate object which it seeks to
accomplish, the plain fact remains that mem-
bers of this organization, with its approval, bv
means of murder, burning, and scourging, have
established in many neighborhoods a reign of
terror.
It is well known that there are large districts
in which life, liberty, and property are, to a
portion at least of the people, insecure to an
extent which is most alarming, and that yet
the authors of this criminal disorder are not
convicted, and the State whose laws they yio-
