132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
was taxed to have a more permanent form of
government, with greater control over their
affairs and with some check on legislative
authority, has existed ever since the honor-
able Senator and I have been in Washington,
and Congress finally yielded to it.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no doubt, the Senator
13 convinced that his statement is correct. I
am equally convinced that mine is. I have
some knowledge of the people of this District.
I know something of their sentiments. My
relations reside in and near the District, and
have for years. I do not yield to the Senator
from Ohio in my knowledge of the disposition
and sentiments of the people of this District.
I aver that the leading motive with them was
the fear of the confiscation of their property
by the reckless extravagance of white adven-
turers, leading the negroes, banded together,
to control the city of Washington. That I
aver to he the motive for the change of sys-
tem, that the people here would rather submit
to utter deprivation of popular government
than to be governed by such a rabble; and
Congress, with the same dominant majority in
it that established a negro government in the
city of Washington, yielded to the invocations
of the people ol' this District to take from
them nil free government, to put them at the
disposition of the President of the United
States, in the hands of any intelligent and
responsible white man, rather than to subject
them any longer to bo plundered by tho rabble
who had been allowed to vote in this eif.y by
congressional legislation. That I aver to be
the fact, upon knowledge derived from the
people of this city, with whom I have as large
an acquaintance as perhaps any gentleman on
this floor.,
Now, sir, not only has this system of gov-
ernment been placed upon tho people of the
oily of Washington, but it is advocated by the
•Senator from North Carolina in a certain con-
tingency for all tho people of tho southern
States. IIo says that under certain circum-
stances the governments of all these States
must bo territorialized ; that he would prefer
it if he is not to have ail the military and all
the power of this Government extended down
there.
Mr. l'OOL. The Senator very greatly mis-
understood me. 1 was very far from having
said or intimated any such thing.
Mr. BLAIR. I was greatly mistaken then.
I listened to tho gentleman's speech with at-
tention. He staled that in the event, that these
outrages, as he called them, could not be sup-
pressed, in that event and under those circum-
stances he would be willing to see tho govern-
ments oi the States of the South territorialized.
Mr. POOL. The Senator ought to havo under-
stood me to say this: that I saw on the part of
the Government a disposition to euforee the
rights of all men in the southern States, and
that I felt sure, if it could not be done through
the instrumentality of" tho courts, it would bo
done through reterritorializing those States,
which I desired to avoid, and 1 begged of Con-
gress to letusstay here and try the experiment
in these eight months to avoid it. I have never
intimated that under any contingency I wa3
willing to sec that.
Mr. BLAlIi. But that was an intimation of
what we are to expect.
Mr. POOL. Of w hat I feared.
Mr. BLAIR. And what this system will in-
evitably lead up to, as it has done in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and what it will inevitably
lead to elsewhere under congressional legisla-
tion unless these usurpations at the South are
done away with, unless the intelligence and
characierof the South are allowed to have some
control in its affairs.
Mr. President, the Senator from North Car-
olina in alluding to Governor Holdeu and his
conviction the other day told the Senate that
a number of the members of the Legislature
of his State were under disabilities ; I think he
said to his knowledge some nine or ten, and
that he believed there were more. He said
that because they were under disabilities they
cannot sit in the Legislature of that State. I
said that they were not so fortunate as the
Governor himself, Holden. had been in having
their disabilities removed. The Senator re-
sponded that they were not so scrupulous in
regard to taking the oath as Governor Holden
was, who first procured his disabilities to be
removed. I might have responded that the very
scrupulous Governor has since been convicted
for a violation of the oath which he took as
Governor of the State, his oath of office. I
now intend to show that those members of the
Legislature of his State who, he says, were
under disabilities are qualified to sit in the
Legislature notwithstanding they are under
disabilities. I refer to the fourteenth article
of amendment, section three, by which, if dis-
qualified at all, their disabilities are imposed :
"No person shall bo a Senator or Itepre<*entative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Pres-
ident, or hold any office, civil or military, under tho
United States, or undor any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of tho United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
oflieor of any State, to support tho Constitution of
tho United States, shall havo engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same."
In the lirsl place, what are the oilices for
which these persons arc; disqualified who, hav-
ing previously held certain oilier positions and
oilices under the Government, are subject to
these disabilities? They are disqualified from
being Representatives in Congress, or Sen-
ators, or electors for President and Vice Pres-
ident, or to hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State.
Now, I contend that under that amendment
they are not disqualified from being represent-
atives or senators to the Legislature of their
State ; that senators or representatives are not
officers" under any State." Senators and rep-
resentatives in the Legislature of tho State are
not officers under the State. That was decided
by the Senate of the United States in the case
of Blount, who was a Senator of the United
States, and was impeached by tho House of
Representatives; and the Senate decided in
his ease that he was not an officer of the Uni-
ted States, and not impeachable as such. And
by tho same reasoning a senator or represent-
ative in the Legislature of a State is not an
officer of the State, and therefore persons who
are under disabilities and disabled to hold any
office under the State are not for that reason
disabled to hold the position or station of sen-
ator or representative in the State Legislature.
Mr. SAWYKR. Then does not the Senator
prove that the wbolo population of tho South,
tho citizens of the South generally, had a right
to sit in the Legislatures?
Mr. BLAIR. I believe so.
Mr. SAWYER. Then it seems the Legisla-
tures of the South were completely under the
control of the citizens, a part of whom he says
are now prevented from sitting there.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly they would be if
they could be elected by the people. It is
very probable that the impression that they
arc ineligible lifts prevented many from being
candidates for tins position. There is no
question in my mind as to the effect of this
section of the Constitution which imposes dis-
abilities upon persons who have held certain
offices. In the first place, persons who have
previously taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress, or as an otficer of the United States, or
as a member of any State Legislature, or as an
executive or judicial officer of any State, to
support the Constitution of the United States,
are disqualified from being ail elector for Pres
ident and Vice President, or to hold any office,
civil or military, under the United States, or
under any State ; but not from being members
of a State Legislature.
Mr. SAWYER. Then, if I understand the
Senator, the reason that the State Legislatures
of the South have not in them the men whom
he would desire and I desire to relieve from
disablities is because the people will not elect
them.
Mr. BLAIR.. That is the case, I suppose.
Mr. SAWYER. That is a very good reason.
Mr. BLAIR. A very good reason 1 Well,
sir, it probably serves the purpose of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina very well, for if these
persons were elected to the Legislature, prob-
ably some other persons might not be elected.
But I call attention to this section to show
that those gentlemen who are under disabil-
ities in tho State of North Carolina, who are
said by the Senator from North Carolina to be
now members of the Legislature, are not dis-
qualified under this amendment from being
members of the Legislature.
Mr. POOL. Now, if the Senator will allow
me, as he is on a question of law, and I have
great respect for his opinion and would like
to see the whole question settled, I should be
glad to ask him a question. The point is,
whether membership of the Legislature is an
office. That is a question. The constitution
of North Carolina expressly so recognizes it.
It speaks of members of the Legislature as
officers. Their "term of office" shall be two
years. But more than that, I wish to call
the Senator's attention directly to this : in 1868
there was an act of the Legislature passed
defining who should be officers of the State,
and it was in this very language :
"The officers of this State shall bo legislative,
executive, and judicial. Tho legislative officers
shall bo, first, fifty senators; second, one hundred
and twenty members of tho house of representa-
tives."
Did not that make senators and representa-
tives officers of the State there, however it
may be elsewhere?
Mr. BLAIR. I will answer the Senator
by the reasoning of Senator Bayard of Dela-
ware, the venerable father of the present Sen-
ator of that name, whose reputation as a great
lawyer I will not attempt to add to by any
praise of my own. That Senator argued this
question. His speech will be found in the
Appendix to the Congressional Globe, Thirty-
Eighth Congress, first session, page 36. I
shall not read it all, anjj I cannot condense it,
because it is so solid and compact that it will
admit of no condensation. 1 will simply indi-
cate the line of that argument. He goes on
to show, first, that the position of Senator or
Representative in Congress is not an office;
that it is never so spoken of in any paragraph
in the Constitution of the United States, as,
for instance, in the second section of the first
article of the Constitution:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members ehoson every second year by the
Ijeoplc of tho several States, and the electors iu each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of tho most numerous branch of tho State
Legislature."
So for the Senate :
"ThoSenateof tho United States shall be com-
pose-1 of two Senators from each State, chosen by
the Legislature thereof for six years."
Then the Senator asks the question :
" Why not uso the same languago as is applied to
the President, 'who shall hold tbeir office for tho
term of six years,' if it was intended to treat it as an
office under the Constitution V"
Instead of saying, shall be " chosen by the
Legislature thereof for six years," not using
the language which the Constitution applies to
the President of the United States, lhat lie
shall hold bis office during the terra of four
years." Every part of the Constitution appli-
cable to Senators and Representatives speaks
of them in that way. Then? when other officers
are spoken of in the same connection with
