1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
of rebellion, suspend the writ of habeas cor-
pus ? That is not new.
Indeed, after carefully testing the provisions
of this bill by the principles of the Constitu-
tion, and comparing it with other laws of Con-
gress, I am convinced that there is nothing
new in it, except that the crimes which it pro
poses to punish are more fully and clearly
defined than they have been before. Believing
this, and believing that the passage of this bill
is imperatively necessary, and is demanded by
the interests of humanity and good order, I
shall, in every stage, yield it my cordial sup-
port.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, before en-
tering upon an argument in this matter I can-
not refrain from complimenting the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] who addressed
this House to-night. It did my heart good, sir,
to hear a man from a southern State at last
lift up his voice in behalf of that people. The
people of the southern country are as dear to
me "as the ruby drops which flow about my
heart;" and when one comes from that coun-
try and at last raises up his voice in behalf of
that down trodden people my heart warms
towaid him, and especially when I recollect
that he comes from a city which but a year or
two after the war flowed with the blood of her
citizens, white and black. His speech to night,
sir, shows why there is peace, harmony, con-
cord in the State of Louisiana. Her Rep-
resentative shows the Republican party, of
which he is an honored member, have been
kind to her conquered and oppressed people.
One man, of the Republican party from
each State South, would he but speak to this
House as the gentleman from Louisiana spoke
here to-night, would do more, Mr. Speaker, to
allay any ill-feeling, to stop the flowing of
blood, and to suppress midnight murders and
Ku Klux Klans, than all your bayonet laws.
Just one man from each State, if he will only
speak out from the Republican party and speak
as the gentleman from Louisiana did to night,
will settle the strife, if strife there be, from
one end of this land to the other. Let but one
man, I say, sir, from each delegation, come
out and speak in that maimer, and all the
South will be pacified, and peace will reign
over all this laud as it did prior to the dis-
turbance which commenced in 1860. That is
what the country wants. The southern people
only require the Republican party to speak
kindly to them, and all you desire, unless you
desire only the success of the Republican
party, will be gained to the country.
Mr. Speaker, I know the people of the south-
ern country. My early boyhood, or the greater
part of it, was spent there. I know every pul-
sation of their hearts. I know, when I say what
I have said to-night, that I speak the sentiments
of everyone in the South, unless it be a few of
those who are demonized by the war. I speak
thus in behalf of the South, but when I come
to consider this bill, I speak not in behalf of
the South only, but I speak for all of the Amer-
ican people. For, sir, this bill that is before
the House strikes right at the foundation of the
liberty of the people, and any man who will
consider it without the prejudice of party must
come to that conclusion. This bill endangers
the safety of the liberty of the people, and I
think I can almost demonstrate it. 1 can dem-
onstrate it to the mind of any unprejudiced
man.
Mr. Speaker, the bill before the House is
truly startling in its provisions, heralded as it
has been by the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Shellabarger] with the declaration that
the bill in its effect approached the founda-
tions of the Constitution, or words to that
effect. Sir, if it had been introduced a few years
ago, it would have shocked the sense of the
thinking portion of the American people, so
great and obvious are its encroachments on
the Constitution and so utterly subversive of
all the principles which lie at the foundation
of a republican government. But the public
mind may to some extent be prepared for it,
since it is but the culmination, the climax, of
the series of encroachments on the Constitu-
tion which have followed each other in rapid
succession, one after another, and each ex-
ceeding its predecessor in magnitude, which
is sure to be the effect of a bad precedent.
At first these encroachments were local in
their operation, and therefore did not excite
the fears or attract the scrutinizing attention
ol the people generally. This, however, is
general, and strikes open and fatal blows at
constitutional liberty all over the nation and
lays a foundation on which it will be easy to
erect a military despotism and then an empire.
And this I deem a proper occasion to trace
the encroachments of the Republican party,
step by step, up to the bill now before us, and
in this connection to say something of the
theory of the Government and of the sources
of danger to constitutional liberty.
It is an accepted maxim that republics
must depend for their existence on the virtue
and intelligence of the people. This is true,
but something more is required ; the people
must be vigilantly watchful over those in
authority, and promptly check every encroach-
ment on their rights. The love of liberty is
universal, but such is the frailty of mail that
he is too apt to neglect the means necessary
to its preservation. It will not last long
unless it be vigilantly guarded ; to neglect the
means necessary to its preservation is to sur-
render it, for it will soon fall a victim to the
encroaching spirit of power. The men of the
Revolution established a free Government,
and hoped it would be preserved pure and un-
impaired by their posterity. They knew the
cost and value of liberty; they were patriots,
and formed a Government for patriots, as they
supposed and hoped. But a century has not
yet elapsed, and, the truth had as well be told
and known, it is already in a state of rapid
decay, as is fully verified by the hill now before
the House.
Whyis this so? The various encroachments
oil the Constitution within the last ten years
by the Radical party answer the question. And
never was it better shown to the House than
when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] stated that acts had been done by the
Republican party since the war and during the
war, and in which he had himself been an
actor, for which he could offer no excuse, and
for which the Republican party could not offer
an excuse, unless that they were necessities
incident to war. I was glad to find the gen-
tleman speaking as he did and standing by
the Constitution of our fathers.
Sir, we learn from Aristotle that " the chief
cause of subversion of free States is their devi-
ating from the principles on which they were
originally constituted." In this he was un-
doubtedly right, as history clearly proves. As
long as a Government which was free when
established continues to move on within its
constitutional orbit, observing all the limita-
tions and restrictions imposed upon it, it must
of course continue to be as free as it was
formed. This is obviously true. Yetall repub-
lics have proved to be failures. It follows that
these failures must have resulted from devia-
tions from principles upon which they were
formed. And if ours should fail it will be from
the same cause, not from any inherent defect.
It is of great importance then to know the
origin and the causes of such deviations. How
can they occur? The question can be easily
answered, and it admits of but one answer. It
is by the abuse or usurpation of power by those
intrusted with the administration of govern-
ment. This is undoubtedly the cause, since
government only moves by agents officials.
And if anything is perfectly certain,'perfectly
established by the lights of experience, it is
that the danger in a republican form of gov-
ernment originates from encroachments on the
Constitution by the legislative department.
That department possesses more power, it
originates laws and public measures, and of
course has a wider field of action thau the
other departments; besides it holds the public
purse, and money will always contribute to
power and stimulate the abuse of it. The
tendency of power is to expansion; men are
inclined to overestimate their authority. In
the language of a very eminent and learned
man of the last century :
_ "The love of power is natural; it is insatiable; it
is whetted, not cloyed, by possession. All men pos-
sessed of power may bo expected to endeavor to pro-
long it beyond the due time or to increase it beyond
the due bounds, neither of which can be attempted
without danger to liberty. Therefore government
(by such frail and imperfect creatures as men) is
impossible without continual clanger to liberty. Yet
we find that men in all ages and nations have shown
an astonishing credulity in their faithless follow?
creatures; they have hoped against hope; they have
believed against the sight of their own eyes."
These are words of wisdom, and it would be
well if these great truths announced could be
known by all and made the rule of action by
the members of this body. But unfortunately
they are not; the Republicans of this body
seem now to be deluded by their credulity and
hoping against the sight of their own eyes, or
else are wholly indifferent to encroachments
upon the Constitution. Power is truly insa-
tiable, and will use all means to accomplish
its purpose.
I tell the gentlemen on the other side of the
House that the people are the fountain of
power. Our Government is intended for their
benefit; the object of our Constitution is to pro-
tect them by marking distinctly the boundary
beyond which those placed in authority cannot
go. And as a further restraint, elections were
made frequent, so that power at short intervals
might return to the people, the last resource
when men in office betray their official trust.
But strange as it is, men are inclined to mani-
fest too much indifference to their highest inter-
ests. They will struggle to leave their estates
unimpaired to their children, but when they
have done as they are inclined they have done
but half their duty; they have neglected the
noblest patrimony they could leave behind
them, a free Government.
Besides the lights of experience we have
abundant warnings from the fathers of the
Republic of the necessity of a jealous and
constant watchfulness over the legislative
department of the Government. Both Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Madison have warned us
against the dangers of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government. It seems as though
their prophetic minds foresaw the scenes now
enacting in this body.
The opinions of such wise and patriotic men
were given for the benefit of the people that
they should exert their utmost watchfulness
over this department of the Government; and
the important truths announced by these states-
men must have been made practically manifest
by the experience of every intelligent observer
who has watched with any degree of care the
proceedings of this body. To judge this body
by its acts during the last ten years, one would
think that the Congress of the United States
regarded the Constitution as something in-
tended as a restraint of the people, and not
upon them.
Could more conclusive proof be required of
the profound sagacity, the keen foresight of
these eminent statesmen, than the action of
the dominant party in Congress since the close
of the civil war? So flagitious have been its
acts as to show an open disregard of all con-
stitutional restraints. It is conceded by all
parties that the southern States did not sep-
arate themselves from the Union by their at-
tempt to secede; their action was revolution,
and when that was overcome they still re-
mained as they had been," in the Union. Of
course their old constitutions were still in
force; they never had been legally abolished
or changed, and reconstruction was unneces-
sary.
But suppose their relations with the Federal
