m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Government were suspended, and that is the
most that can be said of them, how were
they to be reestablished? No power except
the people of the States could prescribe new
governments; from the people all govern-
ments must emanate ; nothing more could be
done than to aid them if they required such
aid. President Johnson did all that could be
constitutionally done either by Congress or
the President. He had given them that aid at
their own request. They met in convention, re-
modeled their constitutions to suit the changed
condition of things, held elections, filled all
their State offices, elected Representatives to
Congress and the Legislatures met and elected
Senators, and their State governments were in
complete and successful operation under the
constitutions so formed by the people. Their
Senators and Representatives came to Wash-
ington and claimed their seats in Congress,
but were rejected.
An inquiry suggests itself just here. Why
interfere with this state of things ? There was
certainly no necessity for interference, no Ku
Klux, to afford even a plausible excuse for it.
The solution is to be found in the fact that it
Was a favorable opportunity for Gongress to
assert unlimited power over the State govern-
ments, and the principle asserted that State
governments must be dependent on Congress
for their origin and their existence. Such a
theory is wholly unknown to the Constitution,
yet it was practically and successfully asserted
in Congress.
The work of usurpation was commenced in
Congress in February, 1860, by a resolution
■which declared that no Senators or Represent-
atives should be admitted in either branch of
Congress from any of the States which had been
in rebellion until Congress should declare them
entitled to representation. This was an unqual-
ified assumption that Congress had a right to
deprive States of representation at pleasure,
although the Constitution in express terms pro;
vides that each State shall be entitled to Repre-
sentatives and Senators. Representatives and
two Senators from each State compose these
two bodies, the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. Thin resolution excluded ten States
from representation, and if ten may be excluded
so may any number; and any party may thus
control the legislation of the nation to suit its
own purposes.
The next and most decisive step in the pro-
gress of the usurpation was the original recon-
struction act, passed in March, 18G7, which
was a bold and unqualified assumption that
the powers of Congress over the States are
absolute and unlimited. It amounted to an
utter subversion of the Government. The aet
starts out with a preamble which recites that
there are no legal State governments or ade-
quate protection for life and property in the
rebel States, naming them. If there be any
foundation for the theory of our Government
this was a shameless falsehood. The preamble
itself recognizes them as States, and if they
were so, then Congress had no right to estab-
lish governments for them. But, in truth, they
had governments which had been established
by conventions of the people.
But these governments did not suit the Re-
publican party, hence they must be abolished
and new ones established. The act then pro-
ceeds to divide the ten southern States, calling
them States, into five military districts, after
the fashion of Cromwell when he exercised
absolute power in liugland. The President
is then required to appoint a brigadier geueral
to the command of each district; and in pre-
scribing the duties of these generals they were
made as complete military despots as language
could make them. -And they exercised their
powers to the fullest extent, for military men
are generally the last men to regard their power
as having any limitation. They deposed the
Governors elected by the people and exercised
absolute powers over the laws aud the affairs
of the State.
They removed judges and other officers who
were not partisans and put party tools in their
places. They controlled judicial proceedings
by dismissing causes, discharging persons who
were favorites, and having proceeding against
those who were not favorites ; _ they organ
ized military commissions and tried and pun-
ished men without due process of law ; they
suspended the writ of habeas corpus and abol-
ished the right of trial by jury, and, in short,
exercised every power that the most absolute
despot could exercise; and for so doing they
had abundant authority in the law mentioned
and the supplemental acts.
All this was done in times of profound peace.
New conventions were ordered, with instruc-
tions to form constitutions which should con-
tain certain provisions prescribed by Congress,
and the rightof suffrage was so regulated, under
the power of the bayonet, as to insure party
success, a large number of the people being
excluded from suffrage by test-oaths. Not con
tent with shaping the government of the rebel
States, as they were called, to suit the views
aud purposes of the Republican party in Con-
gress, the Government of the United States
must also be remodeled to suit its wishes.
The amendments to the Constitution were
then proposed and by a party majority forced
through Congress. These amendments were
forced upon the people of .the South by the
power of the bayonet asacoudition precedent
to their right to participate in the Government.
By force of these Congress claims and exerts
unlimited power overall the internal or domes-
tic affairs of the States, North as well as South,
as is most clearly evidenced by the act which
is now before this House.
Even if the southern States were not in the
Union, that circumstance could furnish no
justification for the exercise of such unwar-
ranted powers. For the sake of argument, it
may be admitted that they were but territories.
Still it is flatly denied that Congress could
establish martial law over the people and try
and punish them without due process of law
and without indictment and trial by jury. Jf
it can govern a territory at all, it must govern
according to the Constitution, by a strict ob-
servance of the rights of personal liberty and
personal security as much as if the people
were in a State. Wherever the Constitution
prevails all its guarantees and limitations must
prevail with it in full force.
Congress has stretched the provision greatly
beyond the limits assigned to it by Mr. Madi-
son. It is now made to contain authority to
subvert republican governments. Mr. John-
son, on the application of the States, had given
them all the aid they required, and if the Re-
publican Congress had aimed at nothing more
than to restore the States, it could have been
easily done by simply recognizing their exist-
ing governments, as President Johnson had
done. This would have saved millions of
money, and we should have had peace and
prosperity instead of the live years of turmoil
and trouble under military rule, from which
has sprung "outrages," if "outrages" there be.
That these reconstructions are infractions
of the fundamental law, that they set at defi
ance the limitations imposed by the people for
their own security, and that they are subversive
of constitutional liberty, are propositions too
obvious to every man who knows anything of
the history of his country or of its Constitution
to require argument to prove them so. Indeed,
with the most shameless effrontery, the great
lights of the Republican party, its leaders in
Congress and out of Congress, have admitted
that the reconstruction acts, as they are called,
are all violations of the Constitution ; but they
were defied necessary for party purposes,
which with them were objects paramount to
the Constitution. How true it is that "to at-
tempt to bind legislators by oaths is puerile 1"
The people must be their own sentinels on
the ramparts of liberty ; oaths will not protect
them. Usurpations have accumulated one
after another until all power has become con-
centrated in Congress ; and that power they now
intend to transfer into the hands of a military
chieftain, in order that their party may still hold
the reins of government in spite of the will of
the people.
At this time this body exactly fills Mr. Jef-
ferson's idea of a despotic Government; the
leaders of the Republican party have invaded
the sanctuary of liberty, and may justly be
called enemies to the Constitution and to
constitutional government; and all who fol-
low them are aidets and abettors in this
unholy crusade, as they contribute to the
strength of the party and increase its power
for mischief. Some maybe actuated to follow
them by what they conceive to be patriotic
motives, under the idea that they can restore
the Government to its original purity by sub-
mission and cooperation in the scheme of
usurpation. They deceive themselves; the
malady is too vital to be eradicated by a tem-
porizing policy; this is but healing the surface
of a cancer. Power can never be made to
relax its grasp by a temporizing policy. Even
monarchs have been brought to the block
before its unholy grasp could be broken ; yel
the lights of experience seein to shine in vain
for us, and the warning voice of our fathers
has lost its hallowed power. For a people to
be slaves it is but for them to assent to it by
submission.
The American people have looted upon the
flagrant abuses of their Constitution with ap-
parent indifference, many of them, perhaps a
majority, with tokens of approval. Can it be
that they are so ignorant of the theory and
objects of our Government as it was estab-
lished by their ancestors; or can it be that
they are so utterly ignorant of the dangers
which they encourage; or has avarice and its
concomitant, corruptiou, taken such deep hold
upon thetn as to predominate over their love
of liberty ? Or it may be that these abuses are
approved by some with a view to the speedy
accomplishment of their inevitable result, the
establishment of an empire, which all men
ought to be able to see approaching.
We are nowin astate of revolution ; whether
it will terminate peaceably or in bloody strife
remains to be seen. It has already made great
progress toward a total change of government;
such have been the inroads on the Constitution
that a large portion of the people have lost
confidence in the-stability of our Republic;,
nay, more, many have even ceased to respect,
it. And my fellow-countrymen may rest as-
sured that monarchy is the true and certain
successor ofa free Government which has ceased
to command the respect and confidence of the
respectable part of irs citizens.
Liberty is precarious, and will always be
the victim of power unless those who possess
it have sense enough and spirit enough to de-
fend it. When once undermined it cannot be
regained by a timid and temporizing policy.
Those who abused it must he hurled from
power, branded with "the guilt, if not the
shame, of perjury," never to be again trusted,
and their desecrations must be blotted out,
that they may not be used as precedents by
others. No people can be brought to respect
a Government that at any moment may be
converted into a despotism on the force of
precedent; for if it may be done for one pur-
pose it may be done for any purpose, and if
for a month or year, is may be for ever.
The people surely know that the preserva-
tion of their liberty depends upon the preserv-
ation of their Constitution intact, unimpaired.
It cannot be necessary at this late day to un-
dertake to teach them that. It is only neces-
sary to warn them that the Constitution is in
danger, and to point out the source of danger
to awaken them for its preservation.
I have said that previous legislation which
encroached on the Constitution was mainly
local, or confined in its operation to the south-
ern States. When confined to them it had the
