1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
42d Cong. .. ,1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. McGormich.
Ho. of Reps.
nddressed a message to the Senate and the
House of Representatives. On the receipt of
that message in this House there was a com-
mittee appointed to take into consideration
the subject-matter of that message. The delib-
erations of that committee have resulted in
presenting to the House the bill now under
consideration. Before proceeding to the dis-
cussion of that bill I propose to devote a few
minutes to the consideration of the message
itself, which in some particulars, at least to
my mind, has peculiarities. The message
addressed by the President to the two Houses
is as follows:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives :
A condition of affairs now exists in some of the
States ol the Union rendering life and property inse-
euie, and the carrying of the mails and the collection
of the revenue dangerous. The proof that such a
condition of affairs exists in some localities is now
before the Senate. That the power to correct these
evils is beyond the control of the State authorities I
do not doubt; that the power of the Executive of
the United States, acting witbin the limits of exist-
ing laws, is sufficient for present emergencies is not
clear. Therefore I urgently recommend such legis-
lation asinthejudgmentof Congressshall effectually
secure lite, liberty, and property, and the enforce-
ment of law in ali parts of the United States. It
may be expedient to provide that such law as shall
be passsd in pursuance of this recommendation
shall expire at the end of the next session of Con-
gress. There is no other subject on which I would
recommend legislation during the present session.
U. S. URANT.
Washington, D. C., March 23, 1871.
The first sentence, Mr. Speaker, of that
message struck my mind as peculiar. The
President declares to Congress that in different
portions of the country life and property are
insecure, and the carrying of the mails and
the collection of the revenues of the United
States dangerous. Under the laws and Con-
stitution of the United States the President,
in order to enforce the laws, has the entire
powerofthis Government at his command, the
Army, the Navy, and the militia of all the
States. Why he has called our attention to
the fact that the carrying of the mails and
the collection of the revenues are dangerous,
unless he proposes that we should give him
some additional power than that he already
possesses, seems to me to be by no means
apparent. So far as my information goes, Mr.
Speaker, there are no disorders in the United
States anywhere obstructing the carrying of
the mails more than have existed in the
country from the foundation of the Republic
down to the present time. It has been in the
history of every State in the country, under
every Administration, that robberies have been
committed or attempted to be committed on
the mails of the United States; but no Pres-
ident heretofore has appealed to Congress
asking for additional power other than that he
already had to secure the carrying or delivery
of the mails and the collection of the revenues.
In the State of Kentucky, in January last,
a mail agent in charge of the mails of the Uni-
ted States was menaced. He was not killed,
violent hands were not laid on him ; but law-
less men did threaten and menace that man.
What was the duty of the President of the
United States in that case? It was to enforce
the laws of the United States against those men
who attempted to commit an outrage upon the
officer in charge of those mails. Instead of
doing that, he suspended the whole mail ser-
vice between Louisville and Lexington, upon
a mail route which had been established under
the laws of the United States, where post
offices had been established also under the
same law. The carrying of that mail was in
conformity to law passed by the Congress of
the United States, which the President of the
United States had taken a solemn oath faith-
fully to execute. Sir, he had no authority,
because one or more men had menaced a man
who was in charge of the mails, to strike from
the statute-books, as it were, of his country
the laws establishing those post offices, those
post routes, and the carrying of those mails.
In effect, the order to suspend the mails there
was an order to annul the laws of Congress,
instead of enforcing and carrying them into
execution.
But there is another peculiarity about this
measure of the President, at least to my mind.
He suggests to Congress that in the passage of
the bill or measure of some kind which he sug-
gests it may be proper for Congress to pass an
act with the limitation that it shall expire at
the termination of the next session of Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if a wholesome law is re-
quired to be placed upon the statute-books of
the country, if additional power to the Pres-
ident is necessary to enforce the laws of the
United States, there should be a statute, and
it should be a permanent statute. Why, sir,
this suggestion that a law shall be placed upon
the statute-books which shall terminate at the
end of the next session of Congress? It would
seem that it was intended as an inducement to
put this questionable and dangerous power in
the hand of the President by its being pro-
vided in the act that it shall terminate during
this Congress. But, Mr. Speaker, if this bill
becomes a law of the land, I make the predic-
tion, notwithstanding that the committee have
reported this bill in conformity to that sugges
tion of the President, that if it becomes a law
of the land, it will not be stricken from the
statutes at the time suggested in, the bill itself.
The necessity for this legislation, the Presi-
dent informs us, grows out of disturbances in dif-
ferent parts of the southern States. But for
the evidence of these disorders he refers us to
the evidence which has been taken by a com-
mittee of the Senate of the United States in
reference to disorders in the southern States.
I have, Mr. Speaker, looked over and pored
through that evidence covering almost four
hundred pages. It is a compilation so diversi-
fied, so incongruous, that it is very difficult
forany person to draw correct conclusions from
all the evidence appearing there as to the real
state of affairs in that country. Some men
declare that no disorders exist there, that
peace, profound peace, reigns everywhere;
others testify that murder, midnight assassina-
tion, and terror reign supreme in every part
of the country.
But in my endeavors, Mr. Speaker, to ob-
tain the best information I could from that
evidence, I have selected the evidence of six
men, two of them ministers of the gospel of
more than twenty-five years' standing, men of
intelligence, of learning, men who had large
acquaintance with the country, and had trav-
eled over the length and breadth of the State
of North Carolina. I then took the evidence
of two learned judicial officers of that State,
and they, too, in the discharge of their judicial
functions, had had large intercourse with the
people. I then took the evidence of two offi-
cers of the United States, who bad been sent
there in command of troops at the time of the
disorders in North Carolina over one year ago.
I will now, Mr. Speaker, read the evidence
of these military officers; but before doing so
I will state that in the counties of Alamance
and Caswell, in the State of North Carolina,
where almost all the trouble existed which has
given rise to the investigations by the Senate,
resulting in a volume of testimony upon that
subject, we find that pending the election last
year Governor Holden, who was a candidate
for reelection upon the Radical ticket, called
out a regiment of militia, with Colonel ICirk
as their commander, for the purpose of main-
taining order at the polls. This regiment of
militia were loyal militia, made up, I presume,
mostly from the Loyal League, and according
to the statement of Governor Holden, made in
a conversation with myself, was officered by his
friends. This regiment of loyal militia was on
duty but a short time until the disturbances
became so serious that, at the request of Gov-
ernor Holden, the President ordered a portion
of the United States Army to the scene of dis-
turbances. Now, let me read to you the evi-
dence of the officers in charge of the United
States troops on that occasion. Major George
B. llodney, fourth artillery, commanding at
Yaneeyville, under date of July 30, 1870,
reports:
" There is no possible chance of there being a col-
lision between the State troops and citizens. Col-
onel Kirk, who is in command of the militia, appears
to fear an attack, and has made great preparations
for defense by barricading the court-house, doubling
his guard, and posting a strong force of pickets, and
his whole cause for alarm is some foolish Reports
given by negroes." * t s.   "Ido not
hesitate to assure you that there is no fear of disturb-
ance between tlie citizens and military unless Kirk
provokes them to it, and it seems to me he has been
endeavoring to do so ever since he has been here."
* * * '' "In regard to the Kuklux-
ism, I know very little, save that I have not been
able to find any one, black or white, who has ever
seen one, but only heard of them. Colonel Kirk tells
me he has plenty of evidence to trace outrages which
have been committed bysucli an organization. What
the outrages are, or when they have been committed,
is a mystery to mc as yet."
Headquarters Station of Ruffix,
Ruffix, August 8, 1870.
SfR: 1 have the honor to report, for the informa-
tion of the post commander, that since my arrival
here on the 29th ultimo, when I found an exciting
political contest going on among the citizens of the
vicinity, which was prosecuted with vigor by both
parties until election day, the 4th instant, not a single
case of riot or disturbance has been brought to my
notice up to this time.
I am informed by all persons with whom I have
conversed on the subject, thatno political campaign
here has ever been conducted with more order than
that so recently concluded. The disposition to assist
and submit to the civil authorities seems general.
How tar the presence of troops contributes to this
feeling I am unable to say; but the present sheriff
of the county, a Republican, informs me that he haa
always been able to make arrests and exercise all tho
functions of his office without let or hinderance.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
FRANK 6. SMITH,
Captain Fourth Artillery, Commanding,
First Lieutenant J. W. Powell,
Adjutant, Post of Italeigh, lialeigh, N. C.
Captain Evan Thomas, fourth artillery, com-
manding post of Lumberton, North Carolina,
December 30, 1870, reports, (page 20;)
" The cause of the trouble in this county is in no
way political. A band of outlaws, six in number,
have been for the period of tour years hiding iu tho
numerous swamps that traverse this county in every
direction, and robbing and murdering the citizens.
They have commuted since the spring ot 18o8 four
murders in this county and about as many more in
the adjacent counties. These murders were com-
mitted partly to obtain plunder and partly because
tho men murdered tried to have these outlaws
caught and brought to justice. Robbery has been
frequent here for years back, but not until after the
cloae of the lebellion was any band formed for that
purpose. Every one of this band has indictments
against him lor murder. The civil authority is
powerless to do anything toward their capture.
They are mulattoes, and have ai most as many friends
as enemies. They have friends partly from fear of
them and friends who are suspected of helping them
in their acts. The part of this county they mostly
frequent is a. settlement of about twenty-five square
miles, called Shufileton, which is mostly inhabited
by mulattoes, who always give these outlaws in-
formation of any expedition against them, and resist
the civil law themselves. Taxes cannot be collected
from nor warrants served on any of the inhabit-
ants of this settlement. Sheriff's poise* have been
resisted successfully, and most of tile citizens of this
and other counties are a fraid to travel tlnougk the
settlement alone, even in daylight."
In the debate on this bill the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] charged that the
outrages in the southern States were the work
of the Democratic party; that arms were being
sent by the New York Democracy to their
friends in the southern States to aid them iu
the commission of crime. It is true, not a
word of evidence was produced to sustain bis
statements; hut, nevertheless, they were made.
Heie we have the statement of an officer of
the Army who declares that the disorders iu
the county to which he had been sent were in
no way political. Had these crimes been for
political purposes we would be justifiable in
suspecting the Radical party, from the fact
that the outrages were perpetrated bv a band
