136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Beps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. McCormicJc.
£2d Cong,... 1st Sess.
of mulattoes, a elass generally belonging to
the Republican party. I desire, however, to
make no such charge, but to deal with this
subject in strict justice to all. Here we have
the statement of a United States officer, who
seemed to apprehend a disturbance of the
peace rather from Colonel Kirk and his mili-
tia than from the citizens of North Carolina;
and this apprehension is strengthened by the
evidence of another United States officer in
command atRuffiu,in the same portion of the
State, who, under date of August 14, reports
as follows:
" Rtjffin, North Carolina, August 14,1870.
"Lieutenant : Tho condition of affairs in Yancey-
villois beginning t<> be serious, tho North Carolina
State troops under Colonel Kirk bei us nothing more
than an armed mob, and tho more generally exas-
perated at the present condition. I have fears of
an outbreak. Colonel Kirk is either endeavoring to
create adisturbanee between the people, or my men
and his own troops, in order tojustify hisreccntcon-
duct. Hid men roam round the country and pillage
ami insult tho people with impunity, and some
threaten to attack my men. Last night one of my
men, without previous provocation, was struck with
a -itone by one of tho militia: and since my compnny
bus been reduced both officers and men have .been
subjected to insults, and now the fooling is so strong
that, in uiy opinion, nothing but natron# force of
Uuited States troops will preserve tho peaco. *
" Tho militia threaten to burn the town of Yancey-
villo when they loavo, and unless thoro is a strong
force of United States troops there when they are
di>bundud nothing will prevent them."
This, Mr. Speaker, is the character of the
militia called into service by Governor llolden,
and forcibly recalls to my mind incidents occur-
ring in my own State iu 1804 and 1805. This
class of militia called into service was intended
to aid the election of Governor Holden, by the
bayonet. At least these are my candid con-
victions, and I submit if the evidence of these
United States officers does not justify my con-
victions.
Now, as to the general condition of the State
of North Carolina, I will beg the indulgence
of the House while I read the evidence of an
Episcopal minister, who voted for General
Grant, and waaa member of the Union League
in New Jersey prior to his removal to North
Carolina, and fromwhieh circumstances 1 infer
ha is a Republican inclined. His evidence is
quite lengthy, but the extracts 1 now read give
a correct impression of his entire evidence:
Washington, D. C., February IT, 1S71.
.r. B. Smith sworn and examined.
By tho Chairman:
Question. What is your present residence and oecu->
pation ?
Awtwer, J reside atllulcigh, North Carolina, and
I have chargeof tho normal school forthocctucation
of colored teachers.
Qvr*ti'>n. "How long have you lived in tho State of
Noiih Carolina ?
i-lwwtr. For more than three years; I went there
in Dci-einbcr, 18G7.
(Juration. From whore?
/ln«uvv. I went from Now Jersey.
(Juffiion. Uow long havoyou boon connected with
tho ministry?
vlw*i«vr. About twenty-fivo or twenty-six years.
(Jm "/ion. Continuously?
An*wrr. Yes, sir.
Qw tion. Always hern in tho ministry of tho
church you have mentioned?
Aniwer. Yos, sir.
Question. You said yon woro secretary of the board
of missions.
Anmorr. For that department of woik among tho
colored people.
Question. Wits your appointment as secretary of
the board of missions in any way recognized by tho
State authorities of North Carolina?
Aniwer. No, sir; no connection with the State.
Qxwxtwn. You are not dependent upon it in any
way?
Answer. No, sir: in no way. I was requested bv
General Howard to go to North Carolina when 1
proposed to establish a normal school.
Question. Por the purpose of educating colored
people, in order to make them competent to toach
their own race ?
Anetoer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you continue in that relation ?
Anmer. I do; the school is going on now.
Qw*«tion. Have you. since you havu been in North
Carolina, found any prejudice against you or unkind-
ne^s on account of your occupation?
Anvwcr. I have not found any unkindness toward
me among tho people of North Carolina; no one
has treated me unkindly.
Question. ITave you. on the contrary, met with per-
sonal kindness from the people there?
Answer. Ye«, sir; the very best people of the State
all through the community have treated me with the
utmost kindness ; visited my family and myself.
Question, llavo you such personal knowledge, or
reliable information from those who you know to bo
credible, as will enable you to state the true condi-
tion of affairs in any part of the State?
Answer. I think I have.
Question. State it as briefly as you can.
Answer. With regard to the people of North Car-
olina—and 1 have had a great deal of intimate,
close conversation with gentlemen from various
parts of tho State—I regard them as an extremely
kind people, I mean kind toward the colored people;
they have a kindly feeling for them; I have evidence
of it on all sides in expressions and in acts. I find
that tho relationship which formerly existed be-
tween master and slave has left a feeling of kind-
ness on tho part of tho master toward the slave. I
find masters continually recognizing tho old rela-
tionship, and aiding and assisting their former slaves.
I know of no feeling upon the part of anyone in
North Carolina that I have ever talked with and
met of antagonism toward the colored people.
By tho Chairman:
Question. This institution over which you preside,
is it under State or individual control ?
Anxrrer. Under individual control of trustees.
Qncntion, Organized bv trustees?
vln«<yer. Yes, sir.
Question. For what purpose?
Anmoer. The education of colored teachers. I was
secretary of tho board of missions ot tho Protectant
Episcopal church, and was requested to undertake
that work. 1 have dono so, and established this
institution, a school with boarding-house**, where we
give tho pupils their board and education and tho
irec uso of books. It is tho only school of tho Prot-
estant Kpiscopal church in tho entire South.
Question. Uow old arc your pupils?
Anmocv. From fourteen to thirly-fivo, and oven
forty years.
Question. Have nono of these pupils ever com-
plained of wrongs committed upon their raco by the
lvu lvlux of North Carolina?
-•1 utf'utv.^Nover.
Question. Not one?
Aarfioer. Not one.
Qanntion. With what political party have you
acted since you wont to North Carolina, if any ?
Annicer. 1 votod for General (iranr. i never havo
acted with a party in my life, i was reared a Whig;
lnv father was a Whig.
Question. llavo you had any conversation with
governor llolden relative to the late election?
1 have had several conversations with
him.
Question. In regard to the condition of tho Stato ?
Yes, sir.
Question. Uow did ho express himself in regard to
tho politics of those who wcroopposinghis election ?
Answer. I had a conversation with him, I think,
last April. Colonel Uayman was iu charge of the
camp, llo was an Kpiscopalian, and 1 had callod
upon him to pay my respects. 1 lound Mr. Barrin-
gm, Mr. Kiugsl and. Colonel Hay man, and Governor
llolden together. Mr. ivingsland was connected
with tho North Carolina Land Company. Ho was
talking with Governor Holden about tho groat in-
jury dono to the State by his proclamation, that it
kept persons from coming into tho State to buy laud.
Tho proclamation was in regard to certain outrages.
I do uot know whether at that timo ho had declared
the county of Alamance in insurrection. Air. Kings-
land was talking upon that subject when 1 went in.
Uovernor llolden was very much excited about the
recall of tho United States troops,and had rccoived
no assuranoo then that there would ho any troops
to supply their place. Well, X spoke to Governor
llolden and said, M Uovernor, what distiesses mo is,
that you should put these colored men up for Con-
gress, for responsible oflices. I notice in my work
among theso peoplo that thoro is no great moral in-
jury dono to thorn throughout tho State: the effect
is very bad; it unsettles them; they do not seem to
bo disposed to go to regular labor, because they arc
looking to political preferment."
llo then expressed himself in rospcct to the col-
ored peoplo, and said that Congress had soon fit to
pass a law by which they were admitted to scats in
tho Stnfo Legislature, and he wanted them to have
somo of tho same themselves, and therefore he wont
tor sending thorn to Congress. Then ho said to me,
j j or rather to us all, " Now, if tho Government does
(j not send these troops. I shall arm the colored pco-
li pie, lean control by my word eighty thousand men.
!; 1 can go to tho convention that is to meet heic next
ji week [a Republican convention] and control them
j by a word." X remarked at the same time, "That
j| is dangerous power—very dangerous power to bo in
j tho hands of one man." Ho then said to mo, in tho
!! presence of these gent lemon, " What is to hinder the
jj ku Klux from taking you, Dr. Smith? Are you not
j: afraid." "Not at all." said I. Said ho: "There is
!! nothing to hinder them from takirigyouorany other
ti Radical." Said I, "Excuse me, but that is not my
j! name; 1 am not a Radical." Well, then, he went
• j on to say that for his own part, in his opinion. Gen-
• era! Grant would hold the Government of tho United
States no matter what the election was in 3872; that
^ ho desired him to be ciupcror, and hiss-on to succeed
n him as emperor.
Bv the Chairman:
Question. That is, that he, Governor Holden, wished
it?
Answer. That he, Governor Holden, wished it.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the opinion of this
witness iu relation to the condition of society
in North Carolina. In the closing portion of
his evidence we have an insight into the char-
acter of Governor Holden, who predicts Gen-
eral Grant will hold the Government, no mat-
ter what the elections may be in 1872, and who
desires him to be emperor, and his son to suc-
ceed his father to the throne. Need we be
surprised that a Governor who holds the lib-
erties of his country so light as this should
have employed last year such militia as he did
to secure his own election ? I now read from
the evidence of another venerable man, whose
candor and simplicity impress us favorably of
the witness;
James Reid sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Quest ion. Please stato in what part of North Caro-
lina you live, and what is your occupation.
Answer. I am a citizcn of Franklin county, and
by profession a minister of tjio Methodist church.
Question. Ilow long havo you resided in that
State?
Answer. I am a native of that State, and have
spent a large portion of my lite within its bounds.
Qmotion. What is the feeling among the colored
people of the State as to their security of person and
property?
Answer. The present feeling among thefreedmen,
so tar as I have heard an expression of opinion, is
ono of somo alarm; liQt in reference to their present
safety in my county, out they do not want the con-
stitution touched.
Question. I am speaking more particularly in re-
gaid to their personal security and the enjoyment
of their political rights, owing to this state of terror
and alarm which you say has existed.
Answer. They are not in my county laboring under
any apprehension that violence will be offered to
them.
Question. Uow is it in other portions ot tho State
thatyou have visited?
Answer. I have notbeen in Caswell for sometime.
In Guilford there is not such a heavy body of freed-
mcn. In Alamance it is pretty much tho same.
When you comc into the vicinity of Raleigh and a
little below thoro you got into tho freedtnen region
pretty much, and there seems to bo no serious aiarm
among them through my immediate region. When
I say "immediate region" I mean Warren, Halifax.
Granville, Franklin, Wake counties, the surround-
ing counties.
Question, Taking all the counties you have a per-
sonal knowledge of, what is your opinion ot the
focling among the colored people in regard to their
security of person and property ?
Arnica. Their general feeling is that if the Legis-
lature and tho Stato will lettho constitution remain
as it is they will bo satisfied; if they undortake to
amend it. and deprive them of privileges they will
bo dissatisfied. That is about tho extent of their
views and expressions.
Question. Whero persons entertain feelings of
hostility to tho Government, either because of their
original political views or because of the disabili-
ties imposed upon them, do you believe the removal
of those disabilities would remove those hostile feel-
ings and make them better eitizcns?
Answer. I do not know what effect it might ulti-
mately produGo to havo them m a position where
they could not fully participate in all the adminis-
tration of the Government. But I am strongly in-
clined to the impression that to relieve them from
their embarrassed condition would have a direct
tendency to soothe tho feelings which they now
havo. It is true that many of our talented men,
many eminently high in the public estimation, arc
now laboring under disabilities, and their personal
friends all the way down feel it.
Question. Has the removal of disabilities, in any
case within your knowledge, produced that effect
upon tho persons whose disabilities have been re-
moved?
Answer. There havo several instances occurred
among that class of gentlemen whoso disabilities
have been removed, where it seemed to act, with a
very fino influence in their whole circle; leavening
the whole lump. That is what I havo seen, and I
have thought it was the result of the removal ot
those disabilities.
Question. How long have youbeen in the Christian
ministry?
Answer. From forty-eight to fifty years.
Question. Has your ministration all thattimq been
among the people of North Carolina ?
Answer, No, sir.
Question. During what period?
Answer. Much the larger portion.
Question. How hasit been for the last ten or fifteen
years?
Answer. Principally within tho State of North
Carolina,
Question. Has that enabled you to have an exten*
