1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. McOormick.
Ho. of Reps.
sive knowledge of the feelings and. character of that
people?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have been at a large number
of the most prominent points in the State.
The evidence of Mr. Reid goes far to show
that general amnesty to the southern people,
for which the Democratic members of this
House have so long and earnestly labored, is
the wisest course that can be pursued. The
few cases of amnesty coming under his observa-
tion have had the effect to soothe the feelings,
not only of the recipients, but of their friends,
this little leaven leavening the whole lump.
Glad would I be, sir, if Congress would act
upon the advice of this aged and good man.
I now proceed to notice the evidence of W.
P. Bynum, who, as a judicial officer, has repre-
sented the Commonwealth of North Carolina
in the ninth judicial circuit for some years,
and who, from his age, position, and the cir-
cumstances of his election, I infer, is entirely
worthy of confidence, which is as follows :
"Washington, D. C., February 1,1871.
W. P. Bynurn sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Where do you reside, and what is your
occupation ?
Anawer I reside in Lincolnton, Lincoln county,
North Carolina. I am, by profession, a lawyer, and
the solicitor of the ninth judicial district of North
Carolina.
Question. What counties does that district em-
brace ?
Annocr. The counties of Polk, Rutherford, Cleve-
land, Lincoln, Gaston, Mecklenburg.
Question. How long haveyou been practicing law ?
Ansiecr. About twenty-five years.
Question. Always in the district of country of
which you have been speaking?
Answei-. Yes. sir.
Question. In that way you have become thoroughly
familiar with the people there ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I should say I was familiar with
the people.
Question. What is your term of office as solicitor?
Answer. Four years.
Question. How arc you placed in office?
Answer. I was first elected in 1863 by the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina. Under tbe new constitution
I was elected by the people, receiving the votes of
both Conservatives and Republicans.
Question. Will you go on and state what is your
belief, from your opportunities of observation, in
regard to tbe condition of society in that district;
what is the security for person and property there?
Answer* Generally,! think that lite, property, and
liberty are secure in those counties. '.There are ex-
ceptions to that general rule, however, and rather
iiumorous exceptions.
Question. Will you state what is the character of
those exceptions, and to what extent they exist?
The exceptions are that in several of these
counties, for instance, in the counties of Rutherford,
Cleveland, Gaston, and Lincoln, numerous outrages
have been committed upon colored persons, and fre-
quently upon whites. Thoseoutragesarecommitted
generally by organized disguised bands of lawless
men. In many instances they visit houses, enter
ihcm by force, and scourge the occupants. In some
instances persons are shot, or intimidated by threats.
I believe that is about as correct an answer to that
question as 1 can give.
Question. Can you, from your experience, suggest
to us any remedy for the wrong which has grown out
of the existence of this organization ?
Answer. I have my views about that, which I can
frankly state.
Question. We shall be glad to have them.
Answer. I think public opinion would probably
change if we had something like a genera) or uni-
versal amnesty. I think a great deal of this public
opinion is created by tbe fact that a large class of
our people feel that the negro has political rights
which they have not; thathe can hold office while a
large number of our people cannot. I think that is
one cause of the public opinion, and if it could be
changed I think the evil would be at once corrected,
and this organization would bo disbanded. If there
was a general amnesty, and then a law passed by
Congress making it highly punishable to commit
these offenses. I believe they would cease in a very
short time. I have seen a bill, introduced I believe
by Mr. Sawyer in the Senate, that I would refer to
as one that I think wouldaccomplish every purpose,
with some modifications. I think considerablemodi-
fication should be made in it. It gives too much
military power. I think civil remedies would be
amj'ly sufficient.
QiesHon. Do I understand you, then, that many
cf#these wrongs grow out of the resentment enter-
tained because of the fact that the negroes are eli-
gible to office while many of the white men are not ?
Answer. Yes, sir ; I think that that state of facts
has created a public opinion and sustains a public
opinion that countenances these outrages, and that
if that public opinion itself could be changed the
outrages would coase.
Question. You refer entirely to thelaw 6f Congress ?
Ansxoer. Yc3, sir j we have no exclusion whatever
except the exclusions that are made by Congress,
which are excepted in our own constitution.
Question. You mean to say, then, that those per-
sons that are excluded by Congress feel that they
are wronged by the fact that tbe colored people have
rights that they have not; and they rather counte-
nance, or do not do or say anything to repress the
violence of these people who commit outrages?
Answer. Yes, sir; I mean that they are ready and
willing to take political advantages which arise out
of these outrages committed by this organization.
It helps thein to obtain power, and to retain it.
By Mr. Bayard :
Question. In the first part of your testimony, on
being asked by the chairman as to the dates when
these wrongs were committed, you answered that it
was from the passage of the reconstruction acts till
the present time, and I believe you went on further
to attribute the condition of feeling that led to these
outrages to the passage of those acts. Did I under-
stand you right?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is my testimony.
Question. Before this system of reconstruction was
entered upon, did any such class of outrages occur
in your community, or was it peacoful and quiet?
Answer. None ; we had peace and quiet.
Question. And unobstructed action of the laws of
your State?
Answer. Yes, sir.
The evidence of this witness goes to strengthen
the opinion that general amnesty will go far
toward the restoration of order, harmony, and
contentment in the South. I will now submit
the evidence of a learned judge now presiding
in the eleventh judicial district of that State:
AVashington, D. C., February 7,1871.
J. L. Henry sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Where do you reside, and what is your
occupation?
Answer. I reside in Buncombe county, North Car-
olina. I «m judge of the eleventh judicial district,
the extreme western portion of the State.
Question. Name the counties embraced in that
district.
Answer. Ashe,Watauga, McDowcll, Mitchell, Yan-
cey. Madison, and Buncombe.
Question. Give us your knowledge, derived from
your official position and your own observation of
the state of affairs existing in that portion of the
State, as affecting the security of life, person, and
property.
Answer. There is not much to be complained of on
circuit. I have succeeded very well in enforcing the
law. My district contains a majority of Republicans.
I have never had any difficulty inexecutingthe laws
in my immediate district. I have had to exchange
circuits with some of the judges in other portions of
the State, and during my absence there have been
one or two Ku Klux investigationswhich I can only
speak of from report, from what my solicitor told
me. I do not think there has ever been a case of
trial under an indictment before me under what is
called the Ku Klux statute of 1868-69.
Question. That is a statute against persons going
masked?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. From whatever source your knowledge
is derived, give us any facts which bear upon the
security of lite, person, and property in any portion
of the State.
Answer. Though there have been no trials before
me, yet from what I could gather from the attor-
neys and solicitors of other circuits, who are gen-
erally good men, I do not believe a fair investiga- .
tion of the question could be had in the civil courts, j
We have had, I think, but one or two outrages in j
our district, and they were confined to one locality, ]
known as Ivy, in Madison county. My solicitor j
tried to get an indictment against the parties be- i
fore the grand jury when Judge Cannon was on the
circuit and I on his, but failed, though the testi-
mony, he said, was very strong. He is in town and
able to tell you himself.
Quexthon. What is his name?
Answer. Mr.Lusk. In attempting to do his duty in
that case he got into a difficulty with the editor of
the Democratic paper in my town, which resulted in
shootiug. That was an alleged outrage upon a negro
man named Brooks.
Question. When was that allegedtohave occurrcd?
Answer. About a year ago. I learned the day
before I left that the same negro came to my soli- j
citor again and said he had been badly treated by I
some seven, men in disguise on a Sunday night, about j
the 22d of January. >
Question. Was tae complaintmade to you ? j
Answer. No, sir; to the solicitor, the night before j
I left home. There arc two other indictments in the j
court of my county presented by the grand jury in j
regard to outrages committed in Ivy, in Buncombe :
counts', by disguised men, but I do not think they j
partake of a political nature. I think bad men have j
chosen that device. Even in the upper portion of !
the country, the extreme western counties, there has |
not been much resort to masking for political pur- :
poses, because there arc few colored people in the I
fourteen western counties, and the majority of the ]
Republicans are white and able to protect them- J
selves. I do not think anybody would attempt a
thina of that kind in the west without fear of due
chastisement. But 1 have no doubt a great many
bad men, have taken the idea from reports that we
have had from the down country, and have sought
revenge for personal matters in that way. I rods
the seventh circuit in the fall, known as tho Salis-
bury circuit, and I heard a great deal of complaint
there from the solicitor.
Question. Name the counties composing that cir-
cuit.
Answer. Surry, Yadkin, Davie, Rowan, Davidson,
Forsyth, and Stokes. The solicitor, Mr. A. II. Joyce,
a very prominent and sensible gentleman, told me
that he had attempted to have these persons indicted
for terrible outrages, which bo detailed to me, and
though he had made thorough cases against them
before the grand jury, they were invariably acquit-
ted. And I heard the same from other solicitors
tnroughout the State. I do not know anything of
my own personal knowledge.
Question. From your intercourse with the judges
and solicitors of the State, and your own observa-
tion, what is your belief as to the possibility of secur-
ing justice in the courts against members of this
organisation who commit the outrages?
Answer. I think the judges who preside in the dis-
tricts where these outrages have been committed
regard that statute as a dead letter. I do not think
they think they can enforce it.
Question. For what reason ?
Answer. Well, sir, they regard these men as bound
together by terrible oaths to acquit each other, and
do any kind of false swearing for the benefit of each
other.
Question. If the united public sentiment of both
parties had been in condemnation of this organiza-
tion, could it ever have attained its present strength
and position, in your opinion?
Ansxoer. Ot course not; publicopinion always con-
trols secret organizations, whatever they are.
Question. Can you suggest any remedy which, in
your own belief as a judicial officer, would arrest
these outrages?
Ansxoer. 1 declare I do not know what to suggest.
A remedy might be enforced in the Federal courts
perhaps. The judges in whose districts these out-
rages arc alleged to be committed say they cannot
do it in the Sr.ate courts, for the reason that they
who vote occupy the jury-box. If the remedy is not
there, 1 do not see where else it can be, except in a
military court. Something must be done. The State
will have to be controlled by Federal bayonets in
the day-time, or by revolvers and bludgeons of the
Ku Klux in the night. I have no hesitation in ex-
pressing that opinion there p«nd here. But I have
little hope of republican government in the recon-
structed States.
Question. When you say republican government,
do you mean it in the party sense?
Answer. A government where the people are
allowed to vote and act as they please, controlled by
civil authority.
Question. Broader than partisan sense?
Answer. Yes, sir; broader than the partisan sense.
By Mr. Bayard :
Question. Were you in the confederate army ?
Answer. Ye?, sir.
Question. In what capacity ?
Answer. I wont out first as a private, at twenty-
one years of age. I came to Virginia, and was
i there made adjutant of the first North Carolina
I cavalry. I was afterward transferred to General
! Ransom's staff, then to Hampton's, then to Stu-
I art's. Then, when the ten-regiment bill was passed
! by the North Carolina Legislature to prevent con-
' scription, I was sent home in order to raise a regi-
ment there. I was under arrest for disloyalty a part
of the time from 1861 up. I did not aim to be dis-
loyal, if I was, to the confederacy.
This, Mr. Speaker, is a synopsis of the evi-
dence to which we are referred by the Presi-
dent. It is evidence wholly in reference to
North Carolina, and most of it confined to
circumstances occurring in two counties of
that State. Many of these occurrences took
place long prior to the beginning of the pres-
ent year, at which time Governor Holden, in
his message to the Legislature, declared law
and order prevailed throughout that State.
But now we are called on to consider a bill,
not for the suppression of disorders in North
Carolina, but to reach to every State in the
Union, the provisions of which find no par-
allel iu the legislation of this country. This
is a bill, Mr. Speaker, as its title purports, to
suppress disorder in the southern States, in
the face of the fact that all the Governors in
those States, in their annual messages of the
present year, declare that peace and order
prevail, and that State authority is entirely
sufficient to enforce the law. I might here
read extracts from each of these messages in
support of these statements, but time will not
permit, and I must hasten to a consideration
