138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. McGormick.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
of the bill. I will, however, state, because
candor requires that I should, that there has
been disorders in the South during the past
five years, and that in certain localities such
disorders manifest themselves yet at times,
but in no case do 1 believe they are not wholly
within the control of State authority.
The bill now under consideration reads as
follows:
A bill to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of tho United
States, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and pome of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That any person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of
any Stato, shall subjeot, or cause to be subjected,
any person within tho jurisdiction of the United
States to the deprivation of any rights, privileges,
or immunities secured by the Constitution of tho
United States, shall, any such law, statute, ordin-
ance, regulation, custom, or usage of the State to
tho contrary notwithstanding) be liable to the party
injured in any action at law, suit in equity, or other
proper pioeecding for redress; such proceeding to
bo prosecuted in liio several district or ciicuit courts
of the United States, witli and subject to the samo
rights of appeal, review upon error, and other rem-
edies provided in like casosin such courts, under the
provisions of the act of tho 9th of April, 18(>G, enti-
tled "An net to proteet all persons in the United
States in their eivil rights, and to furnish tho mentis
of their vindication,"and the other remedial'laws
of the United States which aroiu thoir nature appli-
cable in such cases.
Sue. 2. Ttiat if two or more persons shall, within
the limits of any Stato, baud, conspiro, or comimio
together to do any act ill violation of tho rights,
privileges, or immunities of any person, to which
he is entitled under tho Constitution and laws of
tho United Slates, which, committed witlnn a place
under tlio sole and exclusive jurisdiction of tho
United States, would, under any law of tho United
8tat.es then in forco, constitute the crime of either
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault
and battery, perjury, subornation ot poi'jury, crim-
inal obstruction of legal proccss or resistance of
officers in discharge of official duty, arson or lar-
ceny ; and if ono or more of tho parties to said con-
spiracy or combination shall do any act to otfoct tho
object thereof, alt tho parties to or engaged in said
conspiracy or combination, whether principals or
accessories, shall bo deonied guilty ol a lelony, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall bo liable to n penalty
of not exceeding $1U,0U0, or to imprisonment not
exceeding ten years, or both, at tlio discretion ol'
tile com t: I'rucul'That, it' an.\ party or parties to
such conspiracy or combination shall, m further-^
anco of such common design, commit tho crime of
murder, such party or pnrtios so guilty shall, upon
conviction I hereof, sutler death : And provided also,
That any oli'onso punishable under this act. begun
in one judicial district of tho United States and
completed in another, may bo dealt with, inquired
«fj tiied, determined, and puuished iu either dis-
trict.
Kbo. Thatin all eases where insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combination^ or conspiracies
in any State shall so farobstructorliindertho execu-
tion of the laws thereof as to deprive any portion or
class of tho people of such State of any of tho rights,
priviloges.orimuiuiiiUesnauiedinandsoeiirod by this
ad, and thcconsti'.uted authorities of any Stato shall
either be umible to, or shall, from any cause, fail
in or reluso protection to the people in such rights,
ami shall iuil or neglect, through the proper author-
ities, to apply to the X'residcnt ol tho United EStutes
for aid in that behalf, such tucts .-'ball bo deemed a
denial by such State of tile equal protection of tlio
laws to which they are oniitled under tho fourteenth
tnticlo of amendments to tho Constitution ot the
United States; and 111 all such cases it shall be law-
ful foi tho Ticsideiit, and it shall be his duty, to tako
such nicasuics, by tho employments tho militia, or
tho land and naval torees of I he U nited States, or of
cither, or by other means, n*. he inny deem necessary
for tlio suppi ossion of such insurrection, domestic
violence, or combinat ions; mid 11 ny person who fab all
be arrested under the provisions of this and tho
preceding section shall be delivered to tlio marshal
of the piopcr district, to be dealt with according to
law,
bi-.o. 4. That whenever in any Stato or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall bo organized nud
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to bo able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such Stato,.or whon tho
const! tutcd authorities are 1:1 complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by reason
ol either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders anil the preservation of the
public safety shall become in such district imprac-
ticable, in every such case such combinations shall
be deemed a rebellion against tho Government of
the United States, and during! tho continuance of
such rebellion, and within the limits of tho district
which shall be no under tho sway thereof, such lim-
its to be Prescribed by proclamation, it shall belaw-
iul for the President of the United States, whon in
his judgment tho public safety shall require it, to
suspend the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus,
and to declare and enforce, subject to the Rules and
Articles of War and other laws of the United States
now in force applicable in case of rebellion, martial
law, to tbe end that such rebellion may be overthrown:
Provided, That the President shall first have made
proclamation, as now provided by law, commanding
such insurgents to disperse: Andprovided also. That
tho provisions of this section shall not bo in force
after the 1st day of Juno, A. D. 1872.
Sec. 5. That nothing herein contained shall bo
construed to supersede or repeal any loriner act or
law except so far as the same may bo repugnant
thereto; and any offenses heretofore committed
against the tenor of any former act shall be prose-
cuted, and any proceeding already commenced for
tho prosecution thereof shall be continued and com-
pleted the same as if this act had not been passed,
exceptso far as the provisions of this act may go to
sustain and validate suoh proceedings.
This bill is entitled a bill to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. What is
this fourteenth amendment1* It is an amend-
ment proposed by Congress when ten States
in the Union were deprived of representation
in that body. It is an amendment which the
Legislature of every southern State was re-
quired to ratify on pain of being continuously
deprived of representation. It is an amend-
ment to ratify which the Legislatures of ten
States were elected by Federal bayonets, in
direct conflict with the wishes of the people
whom they pretended to represent; and it is an
amendment which hasstruck down the rights of
more States, the liberties of more people, and
the pecuniary interests of more communities
than any single act of legislation ever placed
upon the statute-books or incorporated into the
Constitution of this country.
No southern State, since the adoption of that
amendment, has enjoyed a republican form
of government. No southern State, since its
adoption, has been represented in Congress by
men of its choice, or in its Legislature by men
whom it desired to make laws for it. That
amendment was drafted, proposed, and its
adoption enforced for tho deliberate purpose
of disqualifying for oflice the talent, learning,
and ability of the southern States, which was
known to be opposed to the Republican party.
It was a Republican measure, intended for
party purposes.
When, in the history of enlightened legisla-
tion, has it been made a crime for men to have
participated iu the affairs of State, or to have
aided with thoir talents in extending over their
fellow-citizens the protection of law and gov-
ernment? Yet this is what the fourteenth
amendment did in every southern State. These
people, at the close of the war were utterly pros-
trate and impoverished, with their labor system
destroyed, and four million colored people, with-
out homes, without means, without capacity
to well provide for themselves, among them.
Of all other times then most did they need the
counsel and the service of their best men, in
whom they could conlide, men in sympathy with
them, and who gladly would have thrown their
arms of protection around them, by enacting
laws in wisdom and justice and administering
those laws in the interest of their people. But
this amendment deprived them of all this.
Their officers, State and county, were filled by
a class of adventurers and colored men, who
have bankrupted almost every southern State
and brought financial ruin to almost every
southern community.
Tell me not, sir, that the southern people
are free. Their liberties are almost as effect-
ually destroyed, so long as they are not per-
mitted to vote for the men of their choice, as if
they were not permitted to vote at all. Tell me
not that republican institutions are preserved to
a State, so long as the officers of that State are
not chosen by the volition of the people. Tell
me not, when naught but ruin and oppression
has overtaken ten millions of our countrymen
by means of this amendment, which has de-
prived them of the right to fill their offices with
their purest and best men, and which has en-
abled the most vicious and incapable men to
fill the offices of these States; tell me not
that under such rulers the people can be happy,
contented, and prosperous.
These are the fruits of the fourteenth amend-
ment in all the South ; and now we have a bill
under consideration which proposes to extend
its baneful influence to every State and to all
the people, not, indeed, by disqualifying cer-
tain classes from holding office, but by turning
over the rights, power, and authority of the
whole people to a single man, whose will may
take the place of law and whose judgment
may overtop that of the judiciary.
The second section of this bill provides a
penalty for conspiracy to do certain acts, such
as murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery,
assault and battery, arson, and larceny. The
person drafting this bill would seem to have
understood that tbe Constitution of the United
States does not give to Congress the power to
provide by law for the punishment of these
crimes when committed in a State. He would
seem to have understood that the Constitu-
tion, in defining the judicial power of the Fed-
eral courts, had withheld the power to try for
such crimes, except when committed on the
high seas, within the Territories of the United
States, or in its arsenals or dock yards. And
yet, to reach these crimes by the Federal
courts, be seems to have thought that the diffi-
culty might be obviated by authorizing the Fed-
eral courts to punish conspiracies to commit
these crimes. How he arrived at the conclu-
sion that Federal courts could be authorized
to punish a conspiracy to commit murder,
manslaughter, tlielt, or robbery, but could not
punish the act itself, is, I confess, a little diffi-
cult to comprehend. It sounds like strange
reasoning to say that the Federal courts shall
be authoiized to punish a conspiracy to com-
mit an assault and battery, but the act of
assault and battery must be tried and punished
by State courts.
This bill provides for all offenses the same
punishment, except where murder is the result
of the conspiracy. Under this bill a conspir-
acy to commit an assault and battery may be
punished by a fine of §10,000 and imprison-
ment for ten years, while in the State courts
the punishment may be a fine not exceeding
ten dollars for tbe act itself. Nay, more, this
punishment may be inflicted by the Federal
courts for a conspiracy to commit an assault
and battery, although the assault and battery
may not have been committed. This would
seem to be a cruel and unusual punishment,
which is inhibited by tbe Constitution. Man-
slaughter is, I believe, defined to be the taking
of life in hot blood. It is difficult to see how
a conspiracy can be formed to commit this
crime. Yet, by this bill, it is punished as a
conspiracy only. The truth is, this bill is an-
other reconstruction measure without warrant
in the Constitution. The power of Congress
to provide by law for the punishment of crime
is limited for the wisest, and best purposes,
because under State authority, when commit-
ted iu a State, crimes may be punished and
wrongs redressed far more promptly than in
the Federal courts. To deprive a State of the
right to enforce its own laws in its own courts
and to redress the wrongs of its own citizens
under its own laws would be, in effect, to
deprive a State of all its power to protect, by
its own laws, its own citizens.
If this bill becomesalaw conflict of authority
must arise between the General Government
and the government of States. For instance,
a robbery is committed in a State ; the Exec-
utive of that State, being sworn to enforce the
laws of the same, arrests the offenders. The
President of the United States, being sworn to
faithfully execute this law, would demand the
prisoners for trial in the Federal courts. Which
