376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
enforce the provisions of the article ? What
less than this will afford an adequate remedy ?
The Federal Government cannot serve a writ
of mandamus upon State Executives or upon
State courts to compel thetn to observe and
protect the rights, privileges, and immunities
of citizens. There is no legal machinery for
thatpurpose. There can be none. The case
• has arisen, as contemplated by Mr. Justice
McLean, when the Federal Government must
resort to its own agencies to carry its own
authority into execution. Hence this bill
throws open the doors of the United States
courts to those whose rights under the Consti-
tution are denied or impaired. It punishes
by appropriate penalties those who combine
and conspire to defeat the securities to life and
personal protection guarantied by the supreme
law, and it provides an effectual mode to sup-
press insurrection and rebellion.
Every consideration of justice and good faith
requires that protection be given to all classes
in all States; to persons of every complexion
and of whatever politics. It may not be sin-
gular that following the war, which so imper-
iled the country, which so inflamed animos-
ities and hates, which so changed in the south-
ern States the order of society, that there should
be the antagonisms and lawlessness that pre-
vails. That but few districts may need such
legislation may be true; but if it is needed any-
where it should be had. We keep an Army
and Navy to protect American lives and Amer-
ican interests. If, in foreign lands, but a
single American citizen is denied his just
rights the power of the Government is invoked
to his protection. If, on our frontiers, a sin-
gle family is captured or slain by savages the
Army is put in motion to avenge the injury and
se"ure quiet to the community. So, where the
constitutional power exists, the same benefi-
ecnt and strong hand of the Government should
bo extended to protect, the weak and defense
"less in our own borders, and at our own doors.
I see nothing in the provisions of this bill
to alarm the innocent or to disturb the law-
abiding citizen. Its provisions of punishment
are leveled only against the lawless. It re-
strains no man in the exercise of any legal
or natural right or privilege. The man of
lawful purposes inuy pursue undisturbed every
just avocation of life. Its penalties are for
the conspirator and the assassin. It is said
that the law is inexpedient, that it will exas-
perate the people of some States. But why
exasperate? Will it exasperate communities
where there are no such combinations as are
sought to be punished ? l)o innocent and just
men become exasperated because the statute-
books contain laws for the punishment of
murder and robbery ? Certainly not. The law
is a terror only to evil doors.
But it is said that too large a discretion is
given to the President. 1 do not think so.
The declamation about mariial law and des-
potism lends only to excite unreasonable pre-
judice and unfounded apprehension. Martial
law can only be declared under the bill when
unlawful combinations are so organized, armed,
numerous, and powerful as to be able by vio-
lence to defy or overthrow the authorities of a
Sta'e, or where the constituted State author-
ities are in complicity with the conspirators;
and this can only be done after due procla-
mation commanding the iusurgents to dis-
perse.
Sir. this bill is a measure of peace and safety.
Let it be passed into a law, and the hundreds
and thoiifands now trembling for their lives,
and ready to flee from their homes for safety,
will be ieasbiired and protected. I have no
fear of anv arbitiary execution of its pro
visions. 1'he foibearance and justice which
have always characterized the Administration
of the present Chief Executive of the Gov-
ernment is a guarantee for the honest, impartial,
and just exeeuiion of the law; and by its own
provisions the law is to expire at the end of
fourteen months from the present time. I do
not admit that this bill has been conceived in
any hostility to any section. It is the greatest
good that the Government can do to the couti
try to give its people quiet and security. In-
stead of being a hostile measure, it is to be the
guarantee to disturbed communities of future
quiet and repose.
For myself, my first wish is to see the bonds
of amity and fraternity among the people of
our common country grow stronger with time
and more firm and abiding with the lapse of
years. Let the different classes of our popu-
lations feel that the interest and welfare of one
is the interest and welfare of all; that disor-
der and disorganization anywhpre is an evil
and a reproach to the whole Commonwealth, to
be deprecated and repressed by the common
effort of all. I believe this bill will do much
to restore order, to suppress- violence and
give repose to the country; that it is in har-
mony with the fundamental law; that It is
demanded by the exigencies of the country,
and I shall cheerfully vote for the measure.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Mrs. G.
G. Williamson, praying relief.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Peter
Brewer, to have his name placed on the pen-
sion-rolls of the United States.
Also, the petition of Susan Holtz, to have
her name placed on the pension-rolls of the
United States.
Also, the petition of John P. Gulick, for
compensation for services rendered the United
States.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 1, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, ltev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order or business.
The SPEAKER. The House on yester-
day, by unanimous consent, ordered that the
session of to-day should be for debate only,
no business whatever to be transacted.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
merely to have printed a joint resolution rel
ative to the entry and clearance of ferry-boats
and bonded cars passing from one State to
another through contiguous foreign territory.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope that will not be
done.
The SPEAKEK. The Chair will construe
that as business.
Mr. CONGER. I do not ask any action by
the House upon the joint resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a bad practice.
Mr. CONGER. As I desire to introduce
it on Monday next, I wish to have it printed ;
that is all.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to any
business being transacted to-day.
Mr. CONGER. It is not customary to object
to such a request as I make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will construe
the order of the House literally under the cir-
cumstances, and must decline to entertain any
business whatever to-day, except the consid-
eration of the pending bill for the enforce-
ment of the fourteenth amendment. The floor,
by an understanding, was to have been given to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Lewis;]
but as he is not present, the Chair will recog-
nize the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Waddell] as entitled to the floor.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. WADDELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
the performance of a sacred filial duty to my
mother State. And it is fortunate for me that
I am called upon to do so to-day, because
very recently, in another place, another of her
children intrusted with her honor and her
dearest interests, a sentinel upon her highest
watch-tower, has betrayed his trust. Sir, in
the criminal code of the Romans there was no
provision made for the punishment of parri-
cide, because it was considered an impossible
crime. The unnatural being who could slay
father or mother was considered as outside of
the range of possibilities in creation. What
shall be said of the American citizen who, when
his mother State lies prostrate and helpless
under accumulated calamities, unparalleled in
the history of this country, when she stretches
her bleeding arms and utters her pleading voice
to him to aid and defend her, not only turns
a deaf ear to her cry, but can become the will
ing tool of her defamers and despoilers ; can-
not only stand by consenting unto her death,
but can himself give the last, final stab to her
honor and her life? Sir, such a character as
that was fitly described in the burning language
of the poet-patriot of Ireland :
" Unprized are her sons till they've learned to be-
tray.
Undistinguished they live, if they shame not their
siros;
And the torch that would light them thro' dignity's
was
Must Be canght from the pile where tlieir country
expires."
Mr. Speaker, it ought not to operate to the
prejudice of the State most deeply interested
in the legislation contemplated here that her
Representatives have deferred to others and
have yielded to them all the earlier hours of
this debate. Such a course was consonant with
our feelings, and I think somewhat character-
istic. It isimpossible, evenin the hourallowed
by the rule, for any opponent of this bill to do
justice either to the subject or to himself. I
shall not discuss itin its constitutional aspects,
but I ask the indulgence of the House for a
few moments while I comment upon the alleged
causes which are supposed to justify it, pariic-
ularly as touching my own State. In its effects
the bill is ostensibly to be of universal appli-
cation, but the debate has developed the I'act,
if it was not already knowu, that it is merely
a party scheme, the operation of which is in-
tended to be confined to that portion of the
country which gentlemen take particular pleas-
ure in designating as "the insurrectionary
States." It is an indictment against them,
founded upon voluminous hearsay testimony,
and the prosecutors have, unfortunately, I
think, for the peace of the country, presented
their arguments to the House, not in the calm
spirit which should characterize the discussion
of'asubject so vast and far reaching, but rather
in the temper of the heated partisan.
Now, sir, I shall not follow this example.
I am not of that political temperament, and
never was, and it is gratifying to me to ieel
that there are gentleman on the other side who
know the fact. My friend, the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [.dr. Keli.ey,] to
whose manly and generous conduct I am
chiefly indebted for my prompt admission to
the seat I occupy, a friendly service for which
I wish to make this public acknowledgment,
knows that ever since the termination of the
late war my efforts have been directed to the
promotion of peace, justice, and good Older in
my native State; he knows that as early as
the summer of 1865, before the Government
had taken any step toward the^nfranehisement
of that race of which he is the eloquent cham-
pion, and when the majority of those who are
now his political associates were afraid to
advocate that measure 1, alone and in the face
of a public opinion of which even he had
scarcely a just appreciation, made a public
speech in its favor. For this reason 1 have
hoped that what I may say in regard to the
