1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Vaughan.
Ho. of Reps.
should have them? Again, the punishment
provided for the same crime by State laws
differs from that provided by this bill. If the
prisoners are acquitted in the State courts,
must they a second time be put in jeopardy of
life or limb in the Federal courts for the
same offense? The Constitution protects fully
against such proceedings.
The Constitution, in defining the powers of
Congress, provides:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises;" "to borrow
money;" "to regulate commerce;" "to establish
uniform rules of naturalization;" "to coin money;"
"to provide for the punishment of counterfeiting,"
&e.; "to establish post offices and post roads;" "to
promote the progress of science;" "to constitute
tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;" "todeiine
and punish piracies and felonies committed on the
high seas;" "to declare wa.r;" "to raise and sup-
port armies;" "to provide a navy;" "to makerules
to govern the Arm^ and Navy;" "to provide for
arming and disciplining the militia,"
Congress has exclusive power to legislate
over the subjects just mentioned. But murder,
manslaughter, thefts, robbery, assault and bat-
tery, when committed in a State, are punish-
able by the laws of the State. Nowhere in the
Constitution is Congress authorized to provide
by law for the punishment of these crimes, ex-
cept when committed on the high seas, in the
Territories of the United States, or in dock-
yards and arsenals, except when they are com-
mitted, within the limits of a State, against
the laws of the United States; for Congress
has power to provide for the punishment of
counterfeiting and for robberies committed
upon the mails and post offices of the United
States within the limits of the States; but the
internal regulation of a State is reserved to the
State.
These views are fully sustained by the Con-
stitution, which has defined and limited' the
judicial power of the Federal courts to con-
troversies between two or more States; be-
tween a State and citizens of another State;
between citizens of different States; between
citizens of the same State claiming lands under
giants of different States, and between a State
or the citizens thereof and foreign States, citi-
zens, or subjects, and to punish crimes com-
muted against the laws of the United States,
winch laws must have been passed within the
limitations defined by the Constitution, which
provides that Congress shall pass laws for the
punishment of counterfeiting the securities
and current coin of the United States; tor
ciimes and felonies committed on the high
seas, and for crimes of every description com-
mitted within Territories of the United States,
arsenals and dock-yards, and for robberies
committed on mails and in post offices of the
United States. In short, the Government of
the United States has power to vindicate, in
its own courts, its own laws constitutionally
enacted ; but it has no authority to usurp the
prerogative of States and to punish offenses
against State authority; and any law which
gives to the General Government jurisdiction
of this class of offenses is clearly unconstitu-
tional.
I now proceed to notice the third and fourth
sections of this bill, which confer powers upon
the Piesident absolutely startling. The bill
provides that a conspiracy may be formed by
as few as two persons, that when such con-
spiracy results in depriving any portion or class
of the people of a State, it may be one man
only, of any of the rights, privileges, orimmun-
ities named in this act, and the constituted
authorities of such State shall be_ unable, fail,
or refuse protection of the people in such rights
nr neglect to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts
shall be deemed a denial by such State of the
equal protection of the laws. In all such cases
it shall be the duty of the President to employ
the militia or land and naval forces of the
United States or other means as he may deem
necessary for the suppression of such insur-
rection, domestic violence, or combination.
Under this bill the President is to judge
when and where unlawful combinations exist,
when and where persons have been deprived
of their rights, and when and how a State has
failed to give equal protection of the laws.
Just here I may say no State ever did and no
State ever can give equal protection of its laws.
Every person who suffers an outrage in per-
son or property the law has failed to protect
him; and if the violators of law escape from
the limits of the State, its authorities may even
fail to punish the authors of the crime. Yet
tbe President may, if he desires to do so, enter
that State with the Army, or adopt any other
means lie may think necessary to enforce this
bill. Section four of article four of the
Constitution provides : " The United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government," and shall
protect each of them against invasion ; and 011
application of the Legislature or of the Execu-
tive, when the Legislature cannot be convened,
against domestic violence.
Here the States are scrupulously guarded
against military interference by the United
States, even in times of insurrection. The
Legislature must apply to the President for
military aid. It is only when the insurrection
is so violent and spreading with such rapidity
that the Legislature cannot be convened or the
time required for its assembling would involve
greater danger that the Executive may apply
to the President for aid, or when, by a prompt
interference upon the part of the United States,
bloodshed may be prevented between two fac-
tions in a State so nearly balanced that the
weight of the United States thrown in favor
of one would, without bloodshed, suppress the
other. But this bill ignores the authority of
both the Legislature and the Executive of the
State, and in violation of the Constitution
authorizes the President at his own option to
take military possession of a State and resort
to any other means he may choose. He may
issue his proclamation declaring rebellion to
exist, may suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
proclaim martial law, suspend the judiciary
of the States and trial by jury, and try by
court-martial every citizen charged with vio-
lations of law. He may supersede the Execu-
tive of a State with a military officer of his own
appointing. He may organize the militia from
Union Leagues alone and send them to super-
vise the elections at every voting precinct.
In short, this bill clothes the President with
absolute power in this country, and is intended
to place in his hands the means that will en-
able him to elect himself and his friends in
1872. I will not say that the President thirsts
for empire, but I will say that this bill places
in his hands a power by which he can change
this Republic into an empire in a single year
if the Army will but faithfully serve him. The
provision in the fourth section limiting its
duration to June 1, 1872, is only intended to
persuade us to admit the bill to the statute-
book. Once it becomes a law it will be retained
as long as party interest may require its service.
Mr. Speaker, if this measure becomes a law
its adoption will be an instance in which the
Representatives of the people will have delib-
erately delivered over the rights and liberties
of their constituents to the grasping power of
a centralized despotism. The introduction of
this bill has at last brought us to the Rubicon;
our people with all their interests are on the
side with Rome ; and it may be the destiny of
a great Republic will, on the plains of some
modern Pharsalia, be staked again upon a sin-
gle throw. But 1 am persuaded better things of
the American people. Should this bill become
a law bitter denunciation will fall upon those
who enacted it.
In the heart of the people is a deep love for
constitutional liberty and a reverence for the
supreme law which will vindicate its authority
and punish its violation. The people will not
permittheir rights trampled upon or theirliber-
ties trifled with. The appellation of rebel and
traitor hurled at the southern people by mem-
bers of Congress will not appease the indigna-
tion now beginning to rise in the public mind
against Representatives who persist in their
disregard of the Constitution and of the rights
of the people. The people want right and jus-
tice ; this bill is against them both. The people
want liberty, constitutional guarantee, and self-
government; this bill is leveled at them all.
The people want peace ; this bill declares war.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF IION.W.W.YAUGHAN,
0U TEN X ESS RE,
In the House of Representatives, .
April 3, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. VAUGHAN said;
Mr. Speaker: 1 do not propose to discuss
the constitutional questions involved in this
bill. I am not familiar with legal lore or
skilled in its technical process of reasoning.
1 am one of the plain body of the people, and
with them learned long ago to believe that our
Government exists by the will of the whole
people, and not by the wish of one man, and
that its laws are their handiwork, and not the
edicts of a single individual. Therefore I shall
proceed to give my reasons briefly for believing
that there is no necessity for any such legisla-
tion. It has been argued by the gentlemen
who preceded me on the other side of the
House that outrages are being perpetrated in
the South that justify the violent and extreme
remedy proposed in the bill.
Standing here as an humble representative
of a portion of that unfortunate section of your
country, I should he untrue to myself, untrue
to my constituents, untrue to the cause of
human right were I not to assert boldly that
these charges as applied to my people are false,
and that I know whereof I speak. Upon th is
floor has it been argued, and also at the other
end of the Capitol, that this secret institution,
known as Ku Klux Klan, was the offspring of
hostility to the Government, and that it was
tfnder the control of the leaders of the rebel-
lion, and was being run in the interest of the
Democratic party. What goes with this argu-
ment when I say to you, sir, that nearly one
half of my district are colored, that it is the
home of the president of the confederacy, Mr.
Davis, Governor Isham G. Harris, General
Forrest, and at least one thousand leaders of
the rebellion? And yet have we passed through
the oppressive years since 1865, and have had
but few, if any., outrages of political signifi-
cance. Mr. Speaker, my people are peaceable
and quiet. I am in receipt of many letters
every day coming from the body of ray con-
stituents, attesting to the truth of what I have
said. I send to tbe Clerk a letter to be read.
It comes from one of my constituents, Mr.
Ragland, a man advanced in years, the soul of
honor, truth, and veracity.
The Clerk read as follows:
Daveyville, Tennessee, March 20,1871.
Colonel W. W. Vaughan, Washington City :
My Beak Sib: Your kind favor of a late date,
making some inquiries in regard to the condition of
aifitirs m our locality is to hand and contents noted.
In answer would beg leave to say that, as a general
rule, peace and Quietude ieign supremo; that now
and then some act of violence is committed is very
true, but this has over been the case, in the past
as well as the present, 111 all other localities, both
North and South. I know of no recent case where
