378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1
I will allude to one matter, and in doing so
I hope 1 shall carefully regard the proprieties
of this occasion. It has been asserted that
the perpetrators of these cowardly crimes were
confederate soldiers, who might be tried by
drum-head court-martial for violation of their
parole and shot. Mr. Speaker, the only evi-
dence of that fact is the statement of a self-
confessed perjurer, that he " supposed" it was
so, because almost every man in the country
had been in the army. Sir, this is the most
cruel slander which has yet been hurled against
a gallant, people. Whatever the opinion enter-
tained in regard to the criminality of the south-
ern people in waging war by those who received
a different political education I spit upon and
the world will laugh to scorn tbe allegation
that the soldiers who fought four years against
overwhelming odds and so brilliantly illus-
trated the martial qualities of the American
people are a set of skulking and cowardly
assassins. No, sir, whatever else you may say
about them, you cannot utter that libel with-
out making yourself ridiculous, and no one
of the thousands of gallant Federal soldiers
who met them when this continent shook be-
neath the thunder of artillery and the tread
of armies will ever so disgrace himself and
dishonor his own comrades as to speak that
slanderous word. They were crushed, sir, and
returned with bleeding hearts and tattered gar-
ments to desolated homes, but, thank God, sir,
they kept their plighted faith, and their honor
is unstained.
Now. Mr. Speaker, to return to the bill
under consideration, 1 wish to utter my solemn
protest against its passage, not merely because
it will affect the people whom I represent, but
as an American citizen, who, regardless of
your incredulity still loves his country and
earnestly desires to promote her glory and
prosperity.
If the people of the South were inspired by
a sentiment, of revenge toward their country-
men, if, like Samson of old, they wished to
involve the whole American people with them-
selves in a common ruin, 1 know no way in
which that sentiment could be more swiftly
and surely gratified than by the passage of
this bill. Pass it and you tear down the last
column on which rests the still fair but dis-
figured temple of American liberty. Pass it,
and by congressional enactment you will have
established an absolute despotism, not over
the South alone, but over the whole country.
Pass it, and the whole power of this Govern-
ment will be in the hands of one, whose hands
never relax their grasp on anything that is put
into them. And then you will see that of which
you have now but a glimpse; then you will
indeed see him "instruct his princes after his
will and teach his Senators" not to oppose
his schemes of aggrandizement.
If gentlemen will not, listen to the protest
of the people of the southern States against
this rank usurpation, because they are accus-
tomed to disregard appeals from that quarter,
let them at least, for their own sake and that
of their children, whose rights and liberties
are imperiled, cease this violent, unconstitu-
tional, and revolutionary legislation, which can
bring only evil upon the country, the whole
country; for the man must be a stark fool
who cannot see that, however strong the dis-
position to limit the operation of this bill to
the southern States, it will inevitably and in-
exorably extend its deadly influence over the
whole land.
I feel, Mr. Speaker, the extraordinary cir-
cumstances by which I and my southern col-
leagues find ourselves surrounded on this oc-
casion. I feel that t stand here to day a mes-
senger sent back by those who have passed
through the bitter waters of a Dead sea, to
warn their more fortunate brethren who have
not yet reached its shores of what awaits them
in its passage, and to arrest their footsteps. It
will be well with them if they heed the warn-
ing. But if they do not, if they will persist in
their blind march into the region of political
darkness and death, we will at least have the
satisfaction of knowing that the calamities
which surely await them are in no wise charge-
able to us.
I do not doubt that some gentlemen on the
other side really believe all the horrible stories
which have been told them in regard t,o the
condition of affairs in North Carolina and
throughout the South, and are sincerely con-
cerned about it. It is, perhaps, natural for
(hose who have been taught from childhood
to regard the people of that portion of the
country as semi-barbarians, if not absolutely
hostes humani generis, to lend a willing ear to
any discreditable report concerning them. It
is not, perhaps, extravagant to say that, un-
consciously it may be, they are just the least
bit prejudiced on this subject. But I accord
to them, notwithstanding this, a willingness,
if not a desire, to do justice even to us.
Do those gentlemen ever study the situation
of our people by the light of history and the
experience of other nations? With their esti-
mate of southern character, ought they not to
have expected even worse things duringthepast
six years than their own credulity has been
able to realize? When general demoralization
accompanied victory and unlimited prosperity
for them, did they expect defeat, humiliation,
and bankruptcy to bring an elysitim of peace,
order, and contentment to us? With capital
all gone, labor completely disorganized, and the
whole land in tears, did they expect unbroken
quiet to reign and the shattered wheels of local
government, to turn smoothly, though in the
hands of ignorance and vice?
And yet, sir, has not the recuperative energy
of those people been the wonder of our day'/
Is not the rapidity of their progress toward
prosperity, in spite of the paralyzing legisla-
tion to which they have been subjected, and
the numberless evils with which they have been
afflicted, unparalleled' in the history of the
world ? Is not the single fact that the cotton
crop of this past year is the largest but one
which was ever raised, and the additional fact
that there has been an equal development of
the other industries of the country, an over-
whelming argument to disprove the existence
of such a state of things as has been repre-
sented here? Ay, sir; no amount of hearsay
testimony given by interested witnesses as to
the prevalence of general disorder throughout
the South can stand a moment against such
facts as these. They are thp most, unerring
witnesses that can be found, and they are unim-
peached.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I shall bring my remarks
to a close, and in doing so I desire to address
myself to gentlemen who contemplate voting
for this measure. The people of those States
which gentlemen seem to take pleasure in
designating as " the States lately in rebel-
lion," people whom gentlemen still continue
to denominate "rebels" in this sixth year of
peace, are quite accustomed to military rule,
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus,
and the like. It is no new thing to them.
Bad and disgraceful as it is to American civil-
ization, it is better than some of the so-called
civil governments which have existed in those
States. If your eagerness to secure the bless-
ings of that kind of government is se great that
you cannot be happy until it is established
everywhere throuhout the country, perhaps,
those of us who have experienced those bless-
ings ought not to be so selfish as to oppose
your equal participation in them. It is barely
possible, after all, that under the influence
of a catholic spirit the southern people may
rejoice with you iu the accomplishment of
your purpose. But I serve notice on you now
and here, before the American people, that
when your purpose is accomplished, when by
a reckless violation of the Constitution of
your country, in order to carry elections and
to mainlain a party in power, you shall have
delivered over your constituents, bound hand
and foot, to the mercy of a military despot,
you cannot turn your frightened gaze toward
those upon whom you have so long been accus-
tomed to lay your burdens, and pile upon
their bowed heads this last load of crime and
folly.
I ijow yield to my colleague [Mr. Shober]
the remainder of my time.
Mr. SHOBER. Mr. Speaker, I have no
argument to make as to the power of Congress
to pass this bill. The simple statement of
its provisions forces the conviction upon my
mind, as with axiomatic truth, that it violates the
plainest principles of the Constitution. It is,
in fact, but one of a series of measures which
the "party of progressive ideas" has forced
upon the country, and which are inevitably
leading to the consolidation of power in their
hands and the complete annihilation of the
sovereignty of the States. It is, perhaps, not
more flagrant in its assault upon the funda-
mental law than the enforcement act. That
proposes, with the power of the bayonet, t,o
direct and control the citizen in the exercise
of his highest privileges. This makes it pos-
sible for the President to prohibit their exer-
cise entirely. But both are equally destructive
of liberty and free government, and both inau-
gurate a despotism of the one-man power.
A great leader of the Republican party a few
days ago, iu his place in the Senate, denounced
the President in words of burning eloquence
for his usurpation of the "kingly prerogative."
They were words fitly spoken, and worthy of
the best days of the Republic; words full of
solemn warning as to the danger of intrusting
large discretionary power ill the hands of the
Executive. I needed no such admonition, but
rejoice that it was given for the benefit of those
who are so eager to impose ''kingly preroga-
tives" upon an Executive "who has proved
himself so ready to usurp them. Sir, I am
the friend of law and order, and I will go as
far as he who goes farthest to enforce their
observance ; but this bill will not do that, for
by its aggressive and revolutionary character
it will but increase discord and the very evils
it professes to remedy.
Admitting the power of Congress over the
subject, do the alleged disorders in the South
demand any legislation from us? Have the
southern States failed to apply the proper
remedy, orare they unable to enforce it? Not
at all. Every one of those States, and partic-
ularly North Carolina, has stringent and spe-
cial enactments for the punishment of organ-
ized crime. The Executive of North Carolina,
iu his message of last November, declares:
"The power of the State government to proteet,
maintain, and perpetuate itself has been tested and
demonstrated."
And again :
"Peaoe and good order have been restored to all
parts of the State."
To the same effect are declarations of a
recent date from the Governors of the other
southern States. Where the necessity, then,
for our interference?
_ Sir, Congress itseif declared but a few days
since that there was no necessity for this legis-
lation. It solemnly declared that before un-
dertaking to do this thing an investigation
must first be had ; that before casting about
for authority to do it, it must first be ascer-
tained whether sufficient reasons existed to
demand its exercise. And accordingly it
was resolved by joint resolution of the two
Houses to appoint a committee for that pur-
pose. But when the President, who seemed
by his silence to be in entire accord with our
action on this subject, sent in a special mes-
sage demanding immediate legislation, without
even communicating any additional reasons
therefor, his " faithful commons " make haste
to respond by teporting this bill. The gentle-
men on the other side cauuot escape the cob-
