140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—-Mr. Vaughan.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
any special political significance could be attached
to it.
Our State courts arc amply sufficient and do deal
with offenders ofour criminal code with promptness
and equity. I remembor no period of our history
when our people so much desired repose as at this
tiuic, that they may agaiu  by thrift, industry, and
economy, build up their waste places and repair
their shattered fortunes, and once aj?ain enter upon
the road to progress and consequently to happiness.
All good citizens are interested in the maintenance
of order and good government, and I know do always
discountenance and restrain the turbulent and
vicious. Passing through a revolution unequaled
for sudden and violent departuro from an old to a
new order of things, "where power for several years
was virtually lodged with those formerly slaves,
where the wealthy, the learned, the refined, were
evils and aliens in the land of their fathors, disfran-
chised and robbed by Stato legislation, the wonder
will ever remain with tho philosopher and states-
man thatweshouldhave passed the fiery ordoal with
so little to debase the manhood of our people.
Hoping that you and those with wnoin you act,
holding in your hand, as it were, the lives, honor,
andsacred rights ofour people, maybe couducted to
wise, prudent, and CQuitablo legislation, as evor,
your friend,
V. b. iiagland.
M*r. VAUGHAN. I sond up to be read
another letter, signed by the members of the
traverse and grand juries of McNuiry county.
It speaks for itself.
The Clerk read as follows :
Circuit Court, MoNatry County,
Apkil tekm, 1870.
Wo, the undersigned, mornbors of the grand jury
duly olootcd, impannolod, sworn, and chaiged to
inquire Jor tho body of tho county of JVIoNairy, take
pleaauro in making tho following statement:
That in tho discharge of tho duties inoidontal to
our office wo are thoroughly convinced that tho
general temper and disposition of tho people of this
uounty is in favor of protecting good morals and
obcdience to tholaws ot tho State and of the Ueneral
txovurnmont, and it affords* us plousuro to further
state that our investigations have developed that
ohrtractorof offenses only which are incidental to and
offreuuent occurrence in well regulated governments.
We are further of opinion that tho civil officers of
this county have tho will and tho ability to enforco
tho law, in tho protection of life, liberty, and prop-
erty. and will cheerfully do so without tht> aid or
intervention of tho military or nny outside influences.
And to jhtmhih who reside in ether Elates, and desire
to ooiuo to Tennessee rosceure homos, but have boon
prevented from so doing by tho reported outraged
upon individuals on account of political sentiments,
we bid you eomo und s«ce for yourselves, and it' sat is-
fied to locate with us. wo guaranty, that you will bo
as fnithiully and impartially protected in all your
lights and privileges, hcio asyou have been in your
native ►Statfs.
lloppootlully, J. (!. <100(111,
Furrmim of flu■ frrand Jury,
DAVID HORN.
WILLIAM McsCULLER,
K.U01M1KS.
WILLIAM 0. IIATLEY,
U. VV. CUliNNAULT,
.). Ij. KOlililNiS,
W. 1<\ MOOItlO,
\v. a. ATi'Ut,
ALlilSKT SCOTT.
AHHL lifiANKHNSUI1',
KIGllARD L10W1S.
JAM US LAUHUMX,
W. Ji. UAUDKN.
we, tlio undersigned, members of tho traverse jury,
impaimcled at the Am tl term of tho circuit court
foi MoNairy county, 1870, have examined tho l'ore-
KOing statements of tho grand jury and take this
method of indorsing thoMtmoas true in every respect.
Bospeetfully,
JOHN n. llARNHlBlt,
JOHN devaujlt,
ii.li. RAINS,
J. H. MITCHELL,
J. M. BON El.'OOX,
ISAAC! McUULLAK,
JOHN CROKKERY,
S.J. MURKY.
JOHN A, 'IIILEY,
C. 0. TULEY,
1>AVID McKINZIU,
«. MclOTYItlS.
I indorse the foregoing statemont.
J. L. W. BOATMAN.
fr}*c-Sheriff.
GEORGE E. WUEKS,
('terk.
N. C. 1U0GS,
0. mid M. of C. O.
B. R. TURNER, .
JZefiibtpr.
CALVIN SIIAW.
Clerk County Court.
W. D, JOPLINU,
Sheriff.
Mr. VAUGHAN. Now, Mr. Ragland says,
sir, that the wonder will ever remain with the
philosopher and statesman that we should have
passed this fiery ordeal with so little to debase
our manhood. So say we all. I wish that I
had it in my power to light up the dark polit-
ical night through which ray people have passed
with the living, blazing torch of truth as it is,
so that every man and woman in tho northern
States might read the endurance, the heroic
endurance and patience, that have character-
ized the people of my much-loved State since
1865. Gentlemen, you can never know all
that we have endured. Go back to 1805, See
the armies of the confederate States surrender
to the armies of the Government. They stack
their arms; they furl the flag they followed
vainly for four long, dark, bloody, weary years,
to be unfurled no more forever. They were
told that the howl of the war dog was to be
heard no more in the land. On the graves
of their fallen comrades had they dropped
the silent tear. Under these circumstances,
strangely solemn, did they pledge their honor
that they would again return to their loyalty,
to the Government of the United States." And
for the pledges of the war-worn veteran I have
ever had the highest respect.
And the good faith with which the confed-
erate soldier has respected his parole but set-
tles me in my convictions. See him when he
takes up his long, weary march from the field
of surrender back to his native, though deso-
lated ami much loved Tennessee. What lias
lie left? J lis will, his muscle, his soil, his
climate, and his seasons. lie goes to his home
and to work ; you rarely see him at any of
the public places. Wisdom said, " Pour oil
upon the troubled waters; heal up the old
sores;" but the Republican party of my State
said " No, they shall have but one right, and
that shall be the privilege of paying all the
taxes." You send us a low niiswionarii-h from
this side of the river to leach us how to manage
our own affairs ; and with the few whites that,
they find in my State you organize the negroes
into a party and you drive the people, the in-
telligence of the country, from the ballot box,
the very men that are interested in peace,
order, and law.
V'ou cannot say it was because these men
were rebels that tliey were refused tho right of
the ballot. Not at all; for whenever the con-
federate soldier proposed to vote tho Radical
ticket they took him right in. If they sent
him to Congress he was soon pardoned and
got his seat. Hundreds of citizens that have
been true to the Government, were refused
simply because they proposed to vote tho
Democratic ticket. 1 remember an old soldier
of 181-, eighty-two years old, who had fought
with the hero of the Hermitage in his every
engagement on this continent, asking me to
go to the registrar and procure for him a cer-
tificate to vote. I thought it best for him to go
in person. lie went. 1 waited for his return,
and when he told me that he had been refused,
the big tear rolled down his cheek. What was
his sin ? He was a Jackson Democrat. Gen-
tlemen, the right of the ballot is a very sacred
right, and of it has been beautifully said that
it falls—
"As snow-flakes fall upon the sod;
But oxeeutes a freeman's will.
As lightning docs the will of God."
This moving menagerie of political huck-
sters were not content with having enslaved a
once proud and gallant State, and that they
then held the liberties and the property of a
whole people ill the hollow of their hands; they
must exercise their power with insolent sever-
ity to its utmost extent.
la three years, under Radical rule, our State
debt was increased $20,000,000. Our' cities
were ruined. Upon application to the Legisla-
ture by irresponsible corporations, from three to
twelve county commissioners were appointed,
and by the order of said commissioners, under
the powers with which they were clothed, coun-
ties were taxed from two to four hundred thou-
sand dollars, and by them the county bonds
were issued and delivered to said corporations,
and this, too, without the vote or consent of
the counties. Not one vote was polled for or
against the taxes so levied. I would ask the
gentlemen on the other side of the House to
take home to themselves, and answer me,
under similar circumstances would your people
have complained or not?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say one word
to the friends of this bill; that is, go back and
see your people before you make it the law of
the land; go and take counsel with prudent,
safe men of your districts, the old men. I do
not believe, gentlemen, that our people are
ready to make this radical change in the form
of our Government, and that self-government
has proven a failure, or that they desire you
as their Representatives to give all of their
rights under the Constitution into the hands
of one single individual.
Gentlemen, wisely have you selected your
Napoleon, an ambitious and brilliant young
officer. In times of profound peace you ask
that he may bo clothed with his only argu-
ment, the bayonet. Once again would I urge
you, go and confer with your people. Could
we call back from tho spirit land the gifted
Clay, and could he stand upon this floor as in
other days, what, think yon, gentlemen, would
be his advice to us? 1 read from his speech
made in 1818:
"Recall to your recollection, said he, the free
nations which have gono before us. Where aro tliey
now, and how have thoy lost their liberties ? If wo
could transport ourselves hack to the ages when
Greece and Rome flourished in their greatest pros-
perity, ami, mingling in tho throng, ask a Grecian
it ho did not tear some daring military chieftain
covered with glory, some Pnilip or Alexander, would
one day overthrow his liberties?'no 1 nol' tho con-
fident and indignant Grecian would exclaim; 'we
lui vo nothing to fear from our heroes; our liberties
yvt 1 bo eternal.' If a Roman citizen had been asked
it he did not l'earthe conqucrorot Gaul might estab-
lish athrono uponthe ruins of tho public liberty, ho
would have instantly repelled the unjust insinua-
tion. YetGrceoc had fallen, Cassar had passed tho
Rubicon, and tho patriotic arm even of Brutus
could not preservo tho liberties of his country, 'l'hc
celebrated Madame de Staol, in her last, and per-
haps best work, has said that in tho very year,
almost the very month, when tho president of the
IJirectory declared that monarchy would never more
show its frighttul head m Erance, Bonaparte with
his grenadiers entered tho palace of Sr.. Oloud and
dispersing with the bayonet the deputies of the peo-
ple deliberating on the affairs of tho State, laid tho
foundations ol that vast faoric of despotism which
overshadowed all Europe.
"ho hoped not to bo misunderstood. he was fjr
from intimating that General Jackson cherished
nny designs inimical to tho liberties of tho couutrv.
tie behoved his intentions pure and patriotic. Ho
thanked God that ho would not, but ho thanked him
still more that ho could not, if lie would, overturn
tho liberties of tho Republic. But precedents, if
bad, were fraught with the most dangerous con-
sequences. Man has been d<scribed, by some of
those who have treated of his nature, as a bundle of
habits. Iheueumtion was much truer when applied
to Governments. Precedents were their habits,
there was ono important difference between the
formation of habits by an individual and by Govern-
ments. Ho contracts it only after frequent repeti-
tion. a single instance fixes the habit and determ-
ines tho direction of Governments. Against the
alarming doctrine of unlimited discretion in our
military commanders, when applied even to prison-
ers ot war, ho must enter his protest. It began
upon them, it would end on us. lie hoped that
our.happy iorm of government was destined to bo
perpetual: but if it were to be preserved, it must bo
by the practice of virtue, by justice, by moderation,
by magnanimity, by greatness of soul, by keeping
a watchiul and steady eye on tho Executive; and,
above all. by holding to a strict accountability tho
military branch of the public force."
Gentlemen, heed the warning voice of the
patriot statesman. I want a good govern-
ment. I desire it for my children and those
that are to come after me. I love ray coun-
try ; I love the memory of her mighty heroesj
I love her scarred and mutilated Constitution ;
I love liberty; I love safety, peace, law, and
