144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3 j
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shanks.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
irrespective of party. But, the gentleman
from Kentucky went on to say:
" It is to prevent that, to delude and deceive the
people, that you now propose to change the issue,
and, if necessary, rnako General Grant, emperor
rather than suffer the exposure to be made."
What issue is it proposed to change ? I state
here that the Republican party make the same
issue to-day as in 18G1, and occupy the same
position as they then occupied. I say they
have not deviated one iota from that position.
They said then that the Government should
be saved, if there was physical power in the
Government to do it, and they say so now.
After the war, they reorgauized the insurrec-
tionary States. They claimed they had the
power to do it, and they have gone on and
done it. That work is done now. And we find
these men making difficulty again in those
States, by stirring up strife, abusing men for
their opinions or their complexion for the
purpose of undoing that which the Republican
party has so triumphantly concluded in so
short a time.
Under Radical rule and free labor the south-
ern Suites, as shown by the census and by the
speeches of Democratic members on this floor,
are more prosperous now, notwithstanding
their great mutual sacrifices by the war, than
atany tune prior to the war wheu under Demo-
cratic rule.
The Democrats on this lloor are in this
debate proving the fact that their friends are
commuting these crimes for the purpose of car-
rying those Stales. The Republican parly has
not changed at all; it stands today where it
stood then, saying that the national Govern-
ment has power to protect itself and all of its
people and that the States had no right to
strike down the national Government or the
humblest of its citizens.
The gentleman goes on to say: " We," that
is, the Democratic party, " liavo shown, and
the people are fast getting to understand, that
there is hardly a Department of the Govern-
ment that is not rotten to the core." If
that is the case, why has he not called for an
investigation of that rottenness? He has been
a member of this House for four years past.
There is not a man on this side of the House,
if the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bkok]
had got up here and stated in a resolution what
he stated in his speech, had stated even that
a single bureau was rotten, who would not
have voted to give him an opportunity to invest-
igate the matter.
Mr. Speaker, slander, like all other wrong-
ful aets, rebounds on its author. Yet ho says
"and nobody seems to care." Who is " no-
body?" Does he not care himself? Ho has
been and is a member of this House, lie
certainly cares, hut, has ho acted? No, lie
denounces only. He says "it is looked
upon as a matter of course." By whom ?
By him ; he is quiet in action. I refer to these
charges because they are unworthy, because
untrue in fact, because they do not belong to
this debate, but aro gratuitous, and ill-timed.
But he further says: "Eor example a report
was made upon the Indian department by Mr.
Sargent, of California, Mr. Lawrence, of
Ohio, and myself (meaning Mr. Bkuk.) at the
last session, charging that the department,
by neglect and incompetency of the Commis-
sioner, by reason of vicious contracts at least,
had last year cost the people hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars.
Sir, he was a member of the Committee on
Appropriations ; he was put upon that com-
mittee by yourself; the committee of Saruext,
Lawrence, and himself was a sub-committee
of the Appropriation Committee, Mr. Speaker.
He was put upon that sub-committee in
order that his vast experience and the power
of'his mind might be directed to ferreting out
whatever was wrong. I hold in my hand the
report of that sub-committee, which was made
to the last House on the 25th of February last,
just seven days before the end of the session.
The report had to be printed; at what time
that was done, I cannot tell; perhaps the
gentleman can, but it allowed little time for
action in that House. But I call attention to
this fact: first, that two of the members who
made that report are not now members of this
House; they ceased to be seven days after it
was made. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] is the only one who signed that
report who is now a member of the House.
This session has gone on nearly a month ; yet
he has taken no steps to bring before this
House one iota of the charges which he ful-
minated so bravely tho other day. I call
attention to the report itself, I ask the House
if the gentleman does not convict himself by
his hasty remarks now?
I read the conclusions of the report:
"Your committee are not aware that anything can
be done to pun ish those who liavo heretofore extorted
money from the Indians or aided others in so doing,
except to cause strict inquiry to be made into tho
conduct of such of these persons asarestiU in the
oniployof the Government, and dismiss from tho ser-
vico all who have knowingly violated the law."
If the committee had stopped there there
would have been something upon which this
House could have acted. But the report did
not stop there. The gentleman assails the In-
dian Commissioner and attacks the President
of the United States because he has not re-
moved him. And yet at the close of his report,
the two last linos of his are these :
"It is but just to say. that so far as these payments
aro concernod, tho Commissioner of Indian Affairs is
in no way responsible."
He exonerates the Commissioner himself,
and then condemns the President for not re-
moving him.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman certainly does
not want to mislead the House?
Mr. SHANKS, Certainly not.
Mr. BECK. There are two separate branches
to that report; one bearing upon the illegal
contracts, and theother bearing upon the Paw-
paw and other payments, of which $12G,000
out of $229,000 were paid to General Blunt.
We say the Commissioner was not responsible
for that, because it was not done under his
authority.
Mr. SHANKS. That is all true; but why,
in the face of all that, does the gentleman com-
plain? The gentleman says that the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs is in no way respons-
ible. Sir, if I were Indian Commissioner,
and James 0. Blunt had got $120,000 out of
$'229,000 as attorney fees, with the knowledge
of my agents, as Blunt did, I should feel that
1 was^ responsible; and I was surprised that
you did not think so. In his guardianship of
the Indians, who were placed in his special care,
he should feel that we hold him responsible.
Sir, if I had been upon that committee, I
never would have used these words. I would
not have said that the Commissioner was "in
no way responsible," if tho witnesses, whose
statements were quoted in the report,, were
reliable; and I must presume they are.
But there is another thing to be said about
this report. The committee made no recom-
mendation ; and the gentleman does not show
by his action in this House that he cares more
than he says others care about this matter, and
I do not believe he does. The gentleman
further stated:
" But no man has said a word against theso con-
tracts m this ilouso or elsewhere."
The gentleman himself never said a word
against them in this House till he made this
speech the other day for Kentucky reading.
The public prints have called attention to the
matter, I believe, and have discussed it; and
he says:
" The Indian Commissioner has never been cen-
sured by the President"—
No ; and he was not by the committee, but
exonerated by it—
" for that charge made against him by two prom-
inent members of his own party in on official report
to Congress, fully sustained by published proofs."
Sir, the gentleman himself best understood
those published proofs, and should have taken
action, or at least recommended it and the
remedy. I say that the Indian Commissioner
was not censured by anybody. But he says:
"And so with all the Departments. You dare not
allow an investigation."
Sir, we dare allow investigation ; and we are
the only party which, when in power in the
Government, has investigated the doings of
its own members. No other party than the
Republican party has done this; and we have
done it in numerous cases, as the records of
the House will show. We did it in this case,
as the gentleman himself has stated. But he
said:
"You want to chango the issue. You know the
southern States aro going Democratic as well as the
northern."
Sir, how do we know that? The Ku IClux
Klan may know it; I have no doubt they do.
If we do not pass this bill I have no doubt
those States will go Democratic, for that is
the special arrangement and origin of this Ku
Klux ; and that it is sustained by the northern
Democracy I have no doubt. It is better sus-
tained in the North and by northern Demo-
crats than it is in the South, because in the
North they have more money and means of
manipulation to carry out their purposes. The
South finds the men and the victims. He says:
" You want to stuff the ballot-boxes of the North
by tho ballots of the South. Many of you would
rather see tho President dictator to-day than to seo
the Democratic party come into power and expose
tho outrageous aets your party has committed."
Mr. Speaker, that is a very tfnkind remark,
and is utterly untrue. No man on this side of
the House has ever conceived any such wish
or purpose. Wo have always granted the fair-
est opportunities for elections. In the city of
Baltimore and other cities the ballot was never
so well protected, or at least had not been for
years, as it was under military rule during the
war. The elections may be well protected in
that city now, because it is better governed
than it was, as all men vote now. So in other
southern States the power of the United States
has by us always been used to secure the free
exercise of the right of suffrage and the right
of property.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of
the House to another branch of the gentle-
man's speech ; 1 mean that relating to the
postal service in the State of Kentucky. The
gentleman, in making his speech the other
day, asked me whether I intended to answer
him upon this question. I answered him in
these words:
"I hope the gentleman will state his own case
before ho asks mo to state mine."
He has stated his case, and I now proceed
to state mine. I observe that the President
of the United States in his message on this
subject makes three points. The first is, that
the mails cannot be carried with safety in
many parts of the southern States ; the second
is, that the revenues cannot be properly col-
lected there; and the third is, that life and
property are not safe. In accordance with
the points embraced in the message this bill
extends not only to the protection of life and
property, but to the protection of the mails.
We propose to give the President power to
enforce the laws in reference to that subject.
I propose to refer to this question for a few
moments.
Sir, I now state, in support of the position
taken by the President in his message, that
the carrying of the mails in some parts of the
State of Kentucky is not safe, and in support
of this position I submit the following official
and other proofs. And first I present what
