382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
than forty years, sought to set up a govern-
ment of their own, founded upon slavery, not
freedom, that they denied the authority of the
Government of the United States to put forth
its arm for the purpose of protecting freedom
and human rights in this country. Sir, the
power existed ; else we began and waged the
war without authority. It was never ques-
tioned, except on the part of rebels and their
aympathizers; and the same men who then
said we had not the power to pass such a law,
warn us to-day that if we pass laws for the
purpose of protecting the rights of the people
throughout the length and breadth of this land
we will surely overturn the Constitution of the
United States itself and bring anarchy and
ruin on the Government and the country that
we all love so much.
Now, I wish to be understood in the remarks
which I make on this bill. I am not for this
bill in all its details; I believe it can be amended
to advantage; but while I thus hold, I believe
it can be so amended as to subserve all the
objects sought or which ought to be sought
by a bill to accomplish all that we need to
accomplish, and that then it will meet the
views of a majority of the members of the
House. I believe that under the Constitution
of the United States the power is given to Con-
. gress to pass laws to carry out those powers
given by the Constitution of the United States.
It may be difficult to define all the rights which
are given under the Constitution of the United
States, but it is very easy to state some of the
rights given to the citizens of the country by
the Constitution under which we live. For in-
stance, the right of citizenship is guarantied to
us by the Constitution of the United States. I
believe it always attached to a man born here
in the United States. I believe, sir, by our
Constitution every man or every person born
here in the country is a citizen ot the United
States. I know it has been solemnly declared
by the Supreme Court of the United States
that certain persons were not citizens of the
United States, and could not be such, but
when we came to write down more fully the
rights of the people of the country under the
Constitution we said that all persons born or
naturalized in the United States should be
citizens thereof.
Now, sir, we write it down in the Constitu-
tion of the United States that all these persons
are citizens. Now, what are some of the other
rights of citizens ? Among those rights cer-
tainly is the right to go from State to State.
Citizens of the United State have it guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution of the United
Spates that they are not only citizens of the
United States, but also citizens of the States
in which they may respectively reside. Then
the Constitution of the United States, when it
gives me the right of citizenship, gives me also
the right to go from one place to another in
this country. It gives me also the right to
express my opinions on all subjects which are
not against the good order of the Government
under which we live. Suppose a conspiracy
be entered into for the purpose of preventing
me from exercising the right of citizenship
given to me by the Constitution; suppose a
conspiracy be entered into for the purpose of
preventing my voting at an election where I
could lawfully vote; is not that a conspiracy
to deprive me of one of the rights which the
Constitution of the United States has guaran-
tied to me? And I ask, Mr. Speaker, how am
I to be protected in that right, when invaded,
if the Constitution of the United States cannot
step in and protect me? In exercising the
right of suffrage who is to protect me? If the
Congress of the United States cannot pass laws
to protect me in that right, how am I to be pro-
tected? Unless the Constitution of the United
States carries with it the power to pass laws
for the protection of the citizens in these
rights, then the Constitution of the United
States is of no value whatever. It is idle to
talk abouta written form of government which
declares that I have certain rights and at the
same time deny that there is such power in
that Constitution as will authorize Congress to
pass laws which shall secure to me those rights.
Sir, if this be our Constitution, if this be all
that we have in our organic law, if it simply
says that citizens have the right which every
free man in every country oughtto have, but has
not the power and does not give to the Con-
gress of the United States the power to pass
and enforce laws which shall protect citizens
in the exercise of those rights, then, I ask you,
of what value is it at all ? It has no value if
it will not protect me or any other citizen of
any State in the Union in the enjoyment of the
rights which, under the Constitution, are pre-
tended to be guaranteed to citizens everywhere.
Sir, I come back to the point whence 1 started.
The day was when I could not exercise one of
these rights guarantied to me by this Constitu-
tion of my fathers in a southern State, unless
1 exercised that right in such a manner as might
meet the behests or the will of the slave power.
Sir, thank God, that day has passed; and as
long as there is a love of liberty in this country
of ours there will be the power to defend the
Constitution of the United States and enforce
those guarantees which it gives to every citizen
of the United States. But while I speak of
these, I speak of them as distinguished from
those rights which are given to the citizens of
the respective States under the authority of the
Constitution. They are as different as the dif-
ference between monarchical and republican
forms of government. One has its sphere;
the other has its sphere. Each has its sphere,
in which it may act, and within its sphere is
supreme, so far as the people have given it
power to exercise the powers granted by its
Constitution.
The Constitution of the United States is
declared by the Constitution itself to be the
supreme law of the land. I read the second
section of the sixth article. It is as follows :
" This Constitution, and the lawsof the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all
treaties mado, or which shall bo made, under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of tho land: and the judges in overy State shall
bo bound thereby, anything in the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
When our fathers made this Constitution
they had just escaped the evils of a govern-
ment without power and without authority to
execute its own decrees. They had lived under
a confederation which had no power to make
war, which had no power to raise armies, which
had no power to raise money, and which almost
fell to pieces of its own weight. Jefferson
himself, speaking of it, in regard to its want
of power, said they could not go on under that
government until the Confederacy had shown
its teeth, as against the States, for the purpose
of compelling the States simply to do what
they ought to do; not that there was power to
do it, but because the Confederacy was depend-
ent in everything on the will of the States to
carry out the common agreement.
But, sir, when they made this Constitution
of the United States they made a Government
that was supreme, that, over all and above all,
was to control and govern, executing the law
which it had power to execute, and within its
proper sphere, without any man standing in
the way or being able to oppose that authority
with success.
Well, the machinery of the Government was
complete. It had a Legislature, it had the
executive authority; and it had a judiciary
for the purpose of executing the laws. Now,
what power have we to pass a law such as it is
claimed is now needed under this Constitution
of the United States ? If I have made myself
understood, I have endeavored to show that
we had power to pass all laws that are neces-
sary for the purpose of carrying out all the
powers granted in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Now, the second ssction of this bill, as it
stands, in my judgment, and as construed, I
believe, by a majority of my own political
friends, does not meet my approbation. I
believe, if it shall be interpreted as many in-
terpret it, there is no power, there is nowar-
rant in the Constitution for its passage. But
if interpreted as I understand the committee
to interpret it, I believe there is ample power
to pass the second section ; and I believe it
can easily be so modified as to meet the views
of every man upon this floor who has any dis-
position to aid the Government of the United
States in protecting the peace of this country.
At the proper time I shall suggest an amend-
ment something like this: strikeout the words
" which, committed within a place under the
so le and exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States, would, under any law of the United
States then in force, constitute," and insert
in lieu thereof "and in pursuance of such con-
spiracy or combination, shall commit;" so
that it will read :
That if two or more persons shall, within the limits
of any State, band, or conspire, orcombine together
to do any act in violation of the rights, privileges,
or immunities of any person, to which he is entitled
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and in pusuance of such conspiracy or com-
bination shall commit the crime of either murder,
manslaughter, or other crime mentioned.
Then they shall be punished as provided in
this section.
I believe, as I have intimated, it would meet
the views of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Perry,] who does me the honor to listen to
me while I am now addressing the House, and
who addressed the House on yesterday. From
a remark which he made I think he understood
this bill now to be as I maintain it ought to be.
I did not understand him to favor the doctrine
that there was power in the Government of
the United States to pass laws which would
extend its whole criminal code over all the
States of this Union. If amended as I have
indicated, I am sure the bill would meet the
views of' a large majority on this side of the
House. If the bill shall be amended in the
manner I have indicated, or so amended as
in the main to meet the views which 1 have
expressed, I believe it would thereby meet the
views of a large majority of this House.
But its meaning is certainly questionable
now. As I gather from the press in different
parts of the country, I believe this bill is gen-
erally interpreted throughout the country to
mean that the criminal lawsof the United States
as applicable to those places where the United
States has exclusive jurisdiction, so far as the
crime of murder and the other crimes therein
mentioned are concerned, are extended over
all the United States.
Mr SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HAWLEY. Certainly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to state
what I understand to be the effect of this sec-
tion, to correct the misapprehension, if any
such exists, which the gentleman says seems
to exist in the minds of some. The whole de-
sign and scope of the second section of this bill
was to do this : to provide for the punishment
of any combination or conspiracy to deprive
a citizen of the United States of such rights
and immunities as he has by virtue of the laws
of the United States and of the Constitution
thereof. The mentioning of these particular
acts is simply resorted to as a convenient
method of confining the wrongs to the class
of cases which would be in fact and in law an
infraction of the^ rights of national citizens.
They are limitations, and are not meant to
intimate that the crime of murder or man-
slaughter or anything of that kind can be pun-
ished under this bill, if the crime be merely
that. It is merely a method of nomenclature,
of description
Mr. HAWLEY. I am glad that the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio has made this expla-
nation, because I am satisfied that the opinion
has gone abroad and pervades the whole coun-
try that this committee of which he is chair-
