1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
42d Coegk...1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mi\ Shanks.
Ho. of Reps.
the gentleman said in denial of the facts claimed
by the Government. This is it in brief. It
was stated by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] upon the floor of this House in
these words;
"Mr. Beck. I will state my case. The stoppages
of the mails the other day between Louisville and
Lexington, which even the President is heralding
to Congress and the world in his message as being
necessary because of the rebellious spirit of our
people, was a gross outrage, unsustained by one re-
deeming fact, and was evidently concocted at Wash-
ington for the purpose of inducing Congress to place
Kentucky under military ruJe, and compcl us to
vote for General Grant for the next President, or
refuse us the right of free suffrage altogether. # It is
not even pretended that the mail agent was inter-
fered with, except on the 26th day of January last,
when a drunken fellow cursed and threatened him
at a station in Franklin county. As the agent was
a negro, a sensation was attempted; a guard of sol-
diers was placed on the cars to proteot him. That
was a failure: people forgot it and laughed at it.
Diunken men curse white men often, and do other
foolish thinsrs, and people began to think that even
a negro might be thus treated by a drunken fool
without overthrowing the Government, aud some-
thing had to be done. .
"The Radical leaders met in caucus in Frankfort
on Thursday, March 2, and some loyal leaguer told
thcin that somebody had told him that he had heard
somebody else say that ho had heard it whispered
around that the negro mail agent was to bo attacked
again; and the Radical marshal, who was at the
caucus, teleiuaphed at once for more troops to pro-
tect him. Telegrams were sent to Washington,
doubtless by previous arrangement. The Postmaster
General, but too anxious to serve his master and save
his place, and show that he could bo as zealous for
him as he had been for hi* partner, Mr. Earl, in the
Chorpenning ease, stopped the mails, branded a
whole community of better men than himself as out-
Bide of the pale of Government protection, so far as
his department is concerned, and the President,
Senator Morton,and General Butler are parading
it now as evidence that military must be substituted
for civil authority."
Now, the charge is of interfering with the
mails in the State of Kentucky, within nine
miles of the city of Frankfort.
The first authority I present is the Presi-
dent's message:
To the Senate and I/ouse of Representatives :
A condition of affairs now exists income States of
the Union rendering life and property insecure and
the carrying of the mails and the collection of the
levenue dangerous. The proof that such a condition
of affairs exists in some localities is now before the
Senate. That the power to correct these evils is
beyond the control of State authorities I do not
doubt; that the power of the Executive of tho Uni-
ted States, actingwithin the limits of existing laws,
is sufficient for present emergencies is not clear.
Therefore, I urgently recommend such legislation as
in the judgment of Congress shall effectually secure
life, liberty, and property, and the enforcement of
law in all parts of tho United States. It may bo
expedient to provide thatsuch law as shall be passed
in pursuanco of this recommendation shall expire
at tho end of the next session of Congress. There
is no other subject upon which I would recommond
legislation during tho present Congress.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., March 23,1871.
Samuel G. Gill, a white man, was formerly
route agent on the route from Louisville to
Crab Orchard, Kentucky. He was not a Fed-
eral soldier, as it has been charged. He re-
signed, and accepted, at his own request, the
position of assistant census marshal, and W.
H. Gibson, a colored man, and the only can-
didate for the place, was, on the special recom-
mendation of lato Attorney General Speed,
and S. C. Wharton, United States district attor-
ney for Kentucky, appointed on the 11th day
of July, 1870, to fill tho vacancy.
The following is the letter of recommenda-
tion of Mr. Wharton :
Louisville, Kentucky, June 27,1870.
Sir: I take pleasure in recommending Mr. W. H.
Gibson as a suitable person to be employed in the
postal service as route agent. He has been for sev-
eral years engaged in teaching the colored children
ol this city,
During the war he devoted much of his time in
recruiting colored soldiers for the Union Army and
to caring for the wives and children of soldiers and
refugees.
Mr, Gibson is a iuan of intelligence and integrity.
I feel assured that he will discharge the duties of
the place he seeks with efficiency and integrity and
to the entire satisfaction of tho Department.
Very respectfully,
G. C. WHARTON.
Colonel A. H. Makkland.
42n flnxra 1st Rtsqcj —Ttfn 10
He remained on that route, giving entire
satisfaction to the public and to the Depart-
ment, until the 21stdayof January, 1871, when
he was transferred to the Louisville and* Lex-
ington railroad route, relieving John C. Nauts,
who was, at his own request, transferred to
Gibson's route, from Louisville to Crab Or-
chard ; so that Nauts would, at his own request,
run from Louisville to Crab Orchard, and Gib-
son from Louisville to Lexington. John C.
Nauts is a white man. Gibson commenced
duty on the Louisville and Lexington road on
January 24, and run on that day and the 25th
unmolested; but on the 26th, at North Benson,
a post station on the road, he was violently
assaulted and his life threatened. I present
his own statement to the Department of the
affair:
Louisville, January 27,1871.
Dear Sir : According to orders, I proceeded, Jan-
uary 26. from Louisville to Lexington with the mail.
Returning, the train halted at North Benson. There
I saw a number of men standing at the station, (about
twenty in number.) I apprehended no trouble at
tho time; all appeared quiet. The postmaster was
there also; wo exchanged our mails. Near him
stood a large man, who, when I attempted to close
my door, seized it and prevented me. Ho jumped
into the car. I stopped into my mail-room and
attempted to fasten my inner door; but the man.
being a large and powerful one, prevented me. A
struggle ensued. lie struck me a tremendous blow
in the facc, endeavoring to knock me down, but
failed to do so, He tried to drag mo out of tho car,
uttering, at the same time, fierce epithets, such as,
" We'll kill .vou 1 Comeoutl Come out 1" I resisted as
beat I could; and while thus struggling with him,
tho train started, and he jumped out.— At this time
several shots were tired at the train. During the
milee I cried for help, and no one came to my assist-
ance. The baggage-master was in the next room.
I heard the express messenger say that he saw a man
standing in the crowd with a pistol in his hands.
The conductor of the train—1 cannot say where he
wa?. lie told me that he was in the ladies' car.
Very respectfully submitted:
W. II. GIB?0N,
lloutc Agent from Louisville to Lexington, Kentucky.
Col. A. II. Markland, esq., General Superintendent
for United States Mail8 for the State of Kentucky.
I now present the letter of C. C. Gioen, local
agent at Louisville:
Dear Sir: On the 27th of January, 1871, the day
after the attack made on the mail agent on the Lex-
ington and Louisville railroad was made, X made
a trip to Lexington in tho capacity of route agent,
and to my great surprise I found at nearly every
depot crowds of excited men apparently waiting for
the return of W. H. Gibson, the agent who had tho
day b' foro been attacked at Benson station. They
crowded anxiously to tho door of the mail room,
apparently very much excited, inquiring for the
mail agont; but when informed that 1 had charge
of the mail they retired, some using profane and
insulting language, and very much disappointed that
there was no person there upon whom they could
wreak their vengeance. At one phicc, midway, a
man boarded the car and inquired for the mail
agent. Tho baggage-master told him that the mail
agent was a white man. and he retired very much
disappointed. I was told that he was a very des-
perate man; his name I did not learn.
On my return the excitement had partially cooled
down, but there were still huge crowds assembled,
and in my judgment W. H. Gibson could not havo
made another trip on the road and returned alive
without protection from soldiers.
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
C. C. GREEN..,
Local Agent at Louisville.
General A. II. Markland, General Superintendent
Southwestern Mail Service.
I now present the circular of the railroad
company instructing its officers to sustain the
agent:
Louisville, Kentucky, January 30.1870.
The attention of the agents and employ6s of this
road is called to the fact that the company has
entered into a contract to carry the mails, lor the
convenience and accommodation of tho public and
the people resident along the line of these roads;
that it is the duty of all tho company's employes
to aid and protect the agents of the Government in
the discharge of their duties, and they will be held
responsible for a faithful performance of this obli-
gation. The Government is endeavoring to serve
the people faithfully in supplying theui with all
reasonable mail facilities, and its officers have a
right to expect the cooperation of all citizens in aid-
ing and protecting them in such effoits.
The mail agent recently assaulted on this road has
been acting tor months in the same capacity on the
Lebanon brauch of the Louisville and Nashville
railroad, where ho has conducted himself with as
much propriety, and performed his duties with as
much satisfaction to tho residents as any agent here-
tofore serving on that road.
Tho Government cannot be expected to continue
the mail facilities unless their agents are protected.
SAML. GILL, Superintendent.
I now offer the letter of the postmaster at
Lexington, Kentucky:
Lexington, Kentucky, March 2,1871.
Respectfully returned with the opinion that the
present route agent, Gibson, would not be safe on
the Louisville and Lexington railroad if the guard
is removed, but if tho guard is withdrawn I would
advise that the mails on that road be discontinued.
Such a coursc on the part of Department would
bring the people on the road and tho Legislature
(now in session) to their senses sooner than any other
measure would do. Xhedignity of the Government
should be maintained at ail hazards, and for that
reason I hope that Gibson will be retained on that
route with tbo assurance from tho State authorities
that ho will be protected or the mails be withdrawn
from the entire road.
S. W. PRICE, Postmaster,
I next present the report of the postmaster
at Frankfort, Kentucky:
Post Office, Frankfort, Kentucky,
March 2,1871.
Sir: Yours of tho 27th ultimo, inquiring my
" views as to the probable safety of the Department's
agents on the Louisville and Lexington railroad
should the gunrdbe withdrawn," is received. In
reply I have the hon« r to state that Route Agent
Gibson could not remain on that road without a
guard, llo would not live three days. Infactheis
by no means safe with a guard, I have conversed
with police officers, both State and Federal, who
havo been examining into tho operations of the
Ku Klux on this road, and with citizens generally,
and they all express the above opinion.
There is nn organized band of ruffians living along
this road from North Benson to Pleasareviilo. (ex-
tending to the left to Clay's Village, and on tho right
by Jacksonville to the Kentucky river, who defy all
authority. It would be no punishment to these ruf-
fians to discontinue tho mail route; they most likely
would be pleased to see it discontinued. If you will
permit mo to suggest, I would say that I would tnke
the asent off the road, abolish the way mail, discon-
tinue all of the depot oilices between this and La-
gr.uige, except Eminence, and all between here and
Lexingtou, except Midway and Payne's Depot.
One pouch could supply Eminence and New
Castle, tbe countv seat of Henry county, one Mid-
way and Versailles, and one Payne's and Geoige-
town. These pouches could go in charge of tho
baggage-master as they now come to this office oti
the evening train from Louisville and the morning
train from Lexington. From Lagrange to Louisville
could be supplied by the trains going to Cincinnati.
The offices thus deprived of mail are of very little
consequence, andnotworth the expense of an ajrent
at any time, and tho people in theirvicinities would
still be near enough to other offices to not be much
inconvenicnced thereby, except just in the Ku Klux
neighborhood, from North Benson to PleasarcviHc.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES G. HATCH ILL,
Postmaster.
General Giles A. Smith,
Sccond Assistant Postmaster General.
Gibson was put on the rSad again with a
guard of ten United States soldiers, who ran
the road with him until March 3, when the
mail was withdrawn.
I present the following letter from the post-
mistress at Louisville, Kentucky:
Louisville, Kentucky, March 2,1871.
Sir: I yesterday expressed to Mr. Terrell, clerk
to the general mail agent, Colonel Markland being
absent, a letter relating in part to an apprehended
attack upon route agent Gibson by the Ku Klux.
On receiving the letter above mentioned I thought
it proper to notify tho agent and thesoldicrs accom-
panying him, in order that they might bo on their
guard and ready for emergencies. .
Route Agent Gibson is a worthy, unassuming, and
faithful officer. I ardently hope the Government
will authorize the Department to sustain and pro-
tect him in the discharge of his duties.
Very respectfully,   
L. M. PORTER, Postmistress.
Hon. Giles A. Smith,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
I present the following, taken from the Louis-
ville Courier-Journal, a Democratic paper;
"Does the Legislature connive at these things?
Has it surrendered the State to the Ku Klux? Must
the weak and lowly among us seek elsewhere for
that protection which our local government owes
but refuses to the poorest of our citizens? In the
better day coming will any man boast that, as a
trusted guardian of Kentucky's peace and honor,
he winked at these infamous disorders, nay, en-
couraged and abetted them by emasculating our
tribunals and gauging the witnesses and the victims
of such crimes?"
