146
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shanks.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
I now present a telegram of Mrs. Porter,
postmistress, Louisville, Kentucky:
Louisville, Kentucky,
March 16, 1871.
Hon. Giles A. Smith :
X do not think Route Agent Gibson would be safe in
charge of mails on Louisville and Lexington rail-
road, unless protected by a guard of soldiers.
L. M. PORTER, Postmistress.
I submit the following extract from the
Louisville Courier- Journal of March 24, 1871,
Democratic paper. In speaking of the Ken-
tucky Legislature of this past winter, it said :
" We need not spoak of its vacillation as to negro
testimony. Reason has long ago exhausted theargu-
ment on tint subject. But what shall wo say of
its treatment of tho Ku Klux bill? It piddled
from first to last, and dared not act. Its timidity
served to oncourago violence which increased its
audacity. Outlawry went on unchallenged under
its very elbow, it paid no attention to the North
Benson affair, which rung over all the country. It
did not so much as rebuke the raid upon Frankfort.
But it wab quick to revenge itself on an anonymous
correspondent of a weak and uninflucntial news-
paper who had offended its dignity."
"In the matter of tho Ku Klnx wo see how itd non-
action has embarrassed us at Washington. Our Sen-
ators and Representatives are weaponless. They can
say nothing. The Legislature has put the weapons
in tho hands of tho enemy. When Mr. Siikrm\n
taunts us with having done nothing, and bases his
argument in favor of Federal interference on the
fact that we have done nothing* wo arodumb. Tho
idle gabblotiiat the Ku Kluxaroall Radicals in dis-
guise is even weaker than tho silly platitude that
there is no such thing as I ho lvn Klux at nil. If tho
Ku lvlux arc Radicals, th'1 more iuumhi to put them
down. If there is no such older, there is outlawiy
•which calls lor extraordinary appliances Those
appliances our Go\ ernor recommended. Tho pre.sa
urged them. l>ut the Legislatuie stood with a cigar
in Us mouth and a ohampagnc-tflassin its hand, and
•would do nothing.
" Who will contradict this? AVo slnte only facts,
and regretfully. The Legislature is d'iad. It can
heed us no longer. It. doesn't care what wo sav.
Jiut ytv> remain and have to hold tho bug. We
entreated it to fill that bag with sound Democratic
measures. We entreated it to give usargiunents with
which wo might go to tho people. Bu4.it. refused. It
tossed us tho bag to hold, and we lind it Iiiled with
empty wino-bottles and cigar-stumps.''
1 present the dispatch from tho United State**
marshal asking that the guard be doubled :
Fuaxkkout, IvKNTUtJiv y, March 2, 1S71.
General Tickuy, (\>mvi<tn<{n , or
Colonel A. H. M t kk m vn, Louu-ot'Z/e Hotel:
Trouble is apprehended. It is suggested to double
tho guard on the mail tram on to-moirovv.
KLI H. MURRAY,
United States Murnhal for Kriiturky.
I now read the dispatch withdrawing tho
mail irom that, route:
lioeittvu.i.h, Kentucky, Mnrch'S, 1871.
j. a, j. OftKSWKM., dmcral t
To prevent violence and blond-died, the mails have
been withdrawn from the Lexington r->ad.
A 11. MARK LAND.
A*wi, Supt. S. M. S., Fourth District.
Statement from the llopUinsville (Ken-
tucky) New Mra, Democratic paper:
"The United States mail facilities have been sus-
pended on tho vouto fiom Louisvillo io Lexington.
This has been caused, us has been alleged, by tho
frequent, outlnwries committed along tho line, and
mote especially by a most brutal and wanton attack
made upon a colored mail a gen t in the service of f ho
Government. Armed and disguised marauders have
recently committed various Mots oi lawlessness in
tho vicinity ot Fraukfort; they have attacked, mal-
treated, and in many instances murdered negroes,
represented to be quiet, and inoflensivc. They per-
petrated a brutal outiago upon a. mad agc«it, and
finally, when a man, charged with inch enmo and
suspected of complicity with the Ku lvlux gang, is
arrested, confided to a jailer of Franklin couiu.n,
and guai ded by a-'p'-ci.tl police detailed for tho pu im-
pose, the walls of the caputd are entered by this
lawless crew, and i he pi isoner rescued fiom utii a nee.
These acts have been perpetrated ui the very cent or
of the State, und^r the v<-iy no-os of our govern-
ment and the L"e:isluturc, and no measures havo
been adopted for t heir suppiesnon; not a jangle man
brought to justice.
"The Governor, ifhe ha? any power, has failed to
exercise it, and the Legislature has not furnished
the means necessary to the suppression oisuch out-
rages. _ This, as we understand it, was the condition
of affairs when the colored mail agent, intinn-daied
i j-"® punishment aheady inflicted and by thieaN,
which be alleges had reached ins ears, declined to
perform a service which involved so much danger,
upon his resignation the mails wercsuspended. We
snail not attempt to excuse the conduct of the Gov-
ernment in selecting as its asent a negro for a sec-
tion whose people are peculiarly sensitive on the
point, of race and color. It looked like a deliberate
insult on the part of the Government; it was prob-
ably intended as such. Wo have been all along, and
are at this moment, as ready as any man not only to
denounco, but to resist were it possible, the insults
and injuries which have been constantly heaped
upon the southern people, butno brave and generous
man can givo countenance to cowardly acts of mid-
night violence and assassination; and wo certainly
shall not attempt to excuse the acts of this lawless
gang."
" The Government of the United States is under
obligations to fui ui^h mail facilities throughout the
whole country. It has tho undoubted right to ap-
point its own agents. If therebeno expressed there
is certainly an implied obligation on the part of the
people who are benefited to afford protection to and
sholtcr to such agents us may be employed. Should
such protection not be lurnished the Government
must either piotectits employes or abandon it* con-
tract. Wo can well imagine the disagreeable conse-
quences which would result from the employment of
a large military force in ferreting out these offenders.
There aro no pooplo vviio would prove moie restless
under military restraint than tho^eof theoounties in
which these lawless acts arc enacted, wo had almost
said countenanced, lor it in next to impossible to
believe that tho men who perpetrate them could go
unwhipped of justice, unless it bethrough tho coun-
tenance and support of the communities iu which
they praetico their evil deeds.
" Wo repeat, that without the necessary protection
of our State and people bo furnished to employes,
the Government must protect its people or abandon
its contract. Wo can very well seo the annoyance
and inconvenience to which large numbers of our
best people are subjected by the suspension of mail
facilities.; but weoannot well see, under thocireuin-
stanees attending this ease, as wo undent md them,
how they can find fault with tho Government for
what it lias done. Tho whole thing is a burning
shame and disgrace. It is rclleettng discredit upon
tho entire Stfrto. it is furnt.-dnng weapons for the
destruction of tho Democratic pai ty, for it matters
not by whom these lawless acts are perpetrated, the
Democracy will, ami should be, held responsible,
beeauso they hold the reins and conduct tho affairs
of tho State. We again appeal to the authorities of
the State, ami moie particularly to tho people of
those localities, to put a. full stop to those lawless
acts, and to iuthct condign punishment upon tho
poipetrator-5, no matter what may bo the cost."
I now present tho letter of tho United States
district attorney, Colonel G. 0. Wharton, in
reply to Senator Xtkv'kxson, published in the
Louisville-Courier Journal, March 23, 1871:
Louisvillk, March 22.
To the Public :
In a recent debate in tho Senate of tho United
States, between Senator Shruman and Senator Sxis-
vkn'kon', 1 find the following paragraph in tho^peech
of tho last-named Senator, namely :
" L have not done ivtth this transaction yet. The
Fedeial court, the Federal officers knew who tho
man was who attempted this outiago. llo did not
live there; his polities aro not disclosed. Why did
not theFcderal authorities arrest him for an aggres-
sion upon a Koderal agent? It was a crime. \ inado
it tho subject of a special message. I spoke as 1
speak now—I do not care who he was—in terms of
the stiongest condemnation, and I think all good
men ot every parly agree with me. But why was he
not brought to trial? It was not an interference
with a mad loute; the Federal courts havo jurisdic-
tion. Why was he not arrested? Why was he not
indicted? Why was he not ti led ? Then, t presume,
tho world would know what his politics are. .Now,
lot mo toll my honorablefriend, that, whenever that
is disclosed ho wilt find out that the man was a
Republican, and not a Ku Klux, [laughter,J or, if ho
is a. Ku Klux, that, the Republicans have as many
Ku K luxes as tho Democrats."
These words were uttered in a debate touching
tho attack made in January last atJSroi(h Benson,
near Frankfort, upon \V. 11. Gibson. United States
mail agent on the route between Louisville and
Lexington, and m that debate Senator Sirvknson
endeavored to show that the attack was tho act of
one man unconnected with any organized band.
With a rccklessdisregardof propriety and truth, the
Senatoi says that tho "Federal couit, the Federal
officers knew who the man was that attempted this
outrage/' lie then asks triumphantly, why havenot
the Federal authormescaused the arrest, indictment,
and tria I of that m.ui ? Tho idea which thislangu igo
of the Senator conveys is that the offender has not
been brought to justice because he was a Republican
in politics. In this dcielietioa of duty he embraces
the " Federal court." ami the " Federal officers.'"
As to tho " Federal court," [ havo only to say
that the judge _has no inform ition, so tar as I know,
upon tho subject of tho outrage beyond what the
newspapers contain. All that he can do he has done,
namely, to call the attention ot the grand jury to the
v lolation of law. He has not, so fai as I know, even
heaul of the name of the tnau who attacked Gibson.
Unless the grand juries are furnished with facts upon
j which to louud an indictment there can bo no trial
1 or prosecution, as Senator Strvknson well knows.
In my sphere of official duty I have exhausted every
elfort to bring the offenders to justice. I do not know
the name of the man who had the contest with Gib-
son, but rumor has designated a certain individual.
In order to reach him and all engaged in the out-
rage, an investigation was had before the grand
jury. They were ail unknown to the mail agent.
The station agent who witnessed the attack was be-
fore the grand jury, and testified that he did not
know tho names of the offenders, or any of them,
although many were engaged in the attack. No one
has or will put me or any cither Federal ollioer in
posssesion of tacts upon which to found an indict-
ment. They doubtless fear tho fate tnat recently
betell a Mr. Lighter, a citizen of Shelby county,
who, having divulged some of the acts ot the Ku
Klux, was, upon his return to his home, taken
out in the night-time, by an organized band, and
hung, for no other reason than that ho gave informa-
tion to some ot the State authorities about the Ku
Klux. As to the politics of the man referred to, and
whom rumor designated as one of the offenders, 1
have no knowledge or" information whatever, and
never heard anything upon the subject until I saw
iu SeuatorSTEVKNSox's speech the confident declar-
ation that he was a Republican. It seems that the
Senator is upon terms ot lauiihar mtercouise with
sotno ot thoKu Klux, or that he has means of in-
founation that, I havenot.
He seems to know, also, tho politics of tho sta-
tion agent at North Benson, about which I know
nothing, ilis chief anxiety i^eems tp be to ascertain
the politics of parties rather than have the law vin-
dicated and Ku Klux suppressed. As a law-abid-
ing citizen he should have communicated the facts
to mo before indulging m reflections upon Federal
officers, who, he well knew, were more anxious and
more determined, so tar as they could, to suppress
Ku Klux and all disturbers of tho peace, than Sen-
ator Strvrnson seemed to be when he was Governor
of Kentucky. While he was Governor ot Kentucky
murders and outrages were committed almo>t in the
sight of tho capital, and tlie Senator, who is so swift
to charge others with dereliction of official duty, was,
m the midst of these troubles as feeble and helpless
as a babe, while Federal officers, within theknowi-
edge of tho Senator, were endeavoring, but without
success, to obtain facts upon which to base a prose-
cution against the offenders, so tar as tho Fedeial
court had jurisdiction.
The attempt of Senator Stevenson to create tho
impie-sion that there does not exist in Kentucky
au orgauued band ot lawless men more powemil
in some portions of the S ate than the civil authoi-
ities will create surprise, it not contempt, with all
candid people in this State, many of whom know,
as I do, that the intimidation ot the Ku Klux has
in its elleets even reached tho grand jury of the Fed-
eral couit. If Seuator Stkvknson will exhaust the
sources of information which ho seems fo have and
give me facts and names, he may confidently reiy
uponoffenders being brought to justice without any
inquiry as to polities. Tho Senator haspersoaal rea-
son to know that iu the Federal court pioseeutions
are not influenced by or based upon the politics
ol tho offenders or alleged offender against law.
If tho chaigea or intimations of the Seuator are
iounded on facts, I am unworthy to hold my present
position, and 1 demand that the Senator give his
authority for the suggestion that the offenders or
any of them referred to have not been arrested, in-
dicted, and tried because ot any indisposition of
my sell or other Federal officers to discharge official
duties i'lom political or other cmiMdctatmns.
G. C. WHARTON,
United Stales Attorney Kenmcky District.
The Louisville Commercial of the 2-lth of
March, 1871, in speaking of the probable
number of offenses committed m that State
in the last three and a half years against the
colored people, says:
"If wo add to the crimes of robbery, burglary,
rape, and murder, which have been commuted on
persons of color, the instances of personal chastise-
ment and lashes on the bare back, all which wo
estimate at moro thau a thousand, and those other
ciimeswhere they have been compelled to quit an
employment or remove from a neighborhood, aud
those other crime < where they havo been deterred
by threats from voting, wo believe the entire num-
ber will exceed ten thousand. In all this carnival
of crime there has not been a single conviction, or
any punishment whatever by any State court, for any
ot these outrages, inflicted upon a white person.'''
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
this: will he uniie with me in requiring the
Postmaster General to lay all the evidence
before the House? I ask this because I havo
letters here which givo an account exactly the
contrary of what the gentleman is now giving.
Mr. SHANKS. I will do that wn h pleasure.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to show fart Iter that
there were difficulties there that justified the
President, in believing what was stated, I
read irorn a message sent by the Governor of
Kentucky to £he Legislature of Kentucky,
which was then in session, touching this very
