148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Lamison.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
•whether, in your opinion, that service can he now
restored without risk to such agents as the Depart-
ment may seo proper to employ.
Respectfully soliciting your views, I am, very truly,
GILES A. SMITH,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
James B. Beck,
House of Jiepresenfatives, Washington, D. C.
This letter the gentleman did not answer
direct, but chose to and did insert a lengthy
and denunciatory letter in the Daily Patriot, a
Democratic paper published in this city, and
then sent a copy of the paper to the Postmas-
ter General as his answer to the official letter
of inquiry to him as the proper refutation.
That this proves the party animus of the
gentleman needs no further proofs. In that
paper he states that he left Lexington early in
December, 1870, and says, "of course I can
have no personal knowledge as to the matters
inquired of." So that any information he can
have on the subject is from others; and I
state this fact with these remarks and with the
official information I have produced to prove
the entire certainty of my position in support
of the President's statement that the mails
are not secure.
But the gentleman from Kentucky took oc-
casion, among other statements, to insert what
he says is a letter from u II. 0. Hodges, local
mail agent" at North Benson, Kentucky.
This is the letter, with the gentleman's
introduction:
When you wroto that statement you wero in pos-
RCssiimofthostHtomciitntT.ioi, made by 11.0. lloilgos,
the local mail agent, a Republican, and, 1 presume,
onool'yourown appointees, which proves yourlotter
to be untrue in many essential particulars. It was
mntlo at the request of Senator Stkvicnhon, thcu
Governor of Kentucky, and read* as follows:
liomsmi.lb, Cincinnati, &e.. Railroad.
North Bunson Station, January 20,1S71.
I hailed tho train for a pas.scnKer to go to Louis-
ville. Four sUantf«TH rodo up jtusl before tho o. 15
train wns duo. When tinMi nin u as within so von t y-
fivoyuntaoHho station the stoutest man ot the party
stepped out on tIks platform and drew a Coil's navy
ro\ol \ or, ho intmidfd to kill tho ne^to mail
ittront. 1 bo^Ki'd him to (leant, and called on Monte
tfi-ntietuen to disarm hint, lln own Irientls eamo
around imu and tonic I us pixtol from him. When tho
trim was ev>'ii svilb tins plutform, and running very
.slow, tho nun, still bout on annulling tho uesro,
jumped into the mail etc alone and attempted to
dt'.ix tho mail our,; I ut the train moving oif
Very Quick, lie win frustrated, and jumped from the
tram after it wan in motion. Tuero w.i.s only one
man en tered tho ear; the other three ran up «I on f?-*
ssd." of tho mad oar, but took no part. A It or t ho tra in
started olVono of theinen lired a pistol into the air.
The m«*n were all MtranKen in this section, and rodo
oil atiHoon as tho train wont out of t-icrbt.
II. U. 1I0DUKS.
Now, sir, then* i.; no local puiil ngout or mail
agt'iit ol'nny kni<l at t fiat plan?, ami no man of
that nam" is a mail a^unt at all. 1 here sub
mit thr ollictal pto >{ of this statement, my
Ifticr to the Poatmast'T General ami Ins an-
swer :
IJ.n'sr. or lli:rjiE.si.N'TATivk^, April 1,1871.
lion. J. A. J, < 'i:-sU'i.t.!/. /V;*i7mNs<rr Ctvncrnl:
1 ha v <• t ho honor to a^k whet bet U. (L Hodges was
"local mail ,'conf " at Xorth IieiiMm, Kentucky, on
theiidch day of January, 1K71, or was such man a
mail me-f-cntrer at tach place.
i'k-HMj jin*u'or, and oblnro,
JOHN" 1\ C. SHANKS, ?>(. (I
Posr orftoi: 1)ki>,witmj:nt,
Ol'TIC,: ()!•' TJIK
M\.CO.\P A;-v-'-ISTANT POSTMXSTKR trVXHU \L,
WA,->iu.\-(a'u.N, i>. U., Aprils, lb7l.
£iu: In r< ply to \ our letUu1 of the 1st in^t.mt, ask-
ing whether ii. 0. Hodges was local mail agent or
mail tno^cnger at Noitli lienvm, Kentucky, on tho
2'hh of January, 1871, you are respectfully informed
fhat no such person has been in the employ of thU
Dvnaitment in either capacity.
Very respectfully, &c.,
J. L. FRENCH,
Acting Second Assvistant Poxtmaster General.
Hon. J. P. 0. Shanks, House of llcprcsentattvc3.
I now submit tho case to the Houso and
tho country on these proofs.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. C. N. LAMISON,
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
April 5, 1871.
The IIouso having under consideration the bill
(II. It. No. 320) to cnl'oree tho provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of tho
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. LAMISON said:
Mr. Speaker. : I had not intended to say
anything at all on this bill in this debate, be-
lieving, as I do, that it is not possible under
this ten minutes rule to present properly or
ititelligihlv my objections to this class of legis-
lation. But an occurrence in the course of the
debate led me to a different conclusion, and I
feel I could not go back to ray own constit-
uentsin the State of Ohioatid say that my voice
had been silent in this discussion, especially
when charges so broad have been made, and
when such a complete misrepresentation—1
had almost said complete falsification—of the
record, had been made by members upon this
floor who represent districts in my own State. I
fed, therefore, it has become necessary that I
should say something in vindication of my-
self, in vindication of the honorable charac-
ter of the profession of whichl am an humble
member, and in vindication of my people.
For, sir, I do not believe there is a Democrat,
or Conservative Republican, not alone in my
own district, but throughout the whole State
of Ohio, who feels to-day that this bill ought
to receive the sanction of the American Con-
gress. I am satisfied that I can go home and
say that to my people, and say it without fear
of contradiction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my objections to this
hill are radical and fundamental. I look upon
it us the most dangerous legislation that has
ever been attempted on the part of Congress
since the organization of the Government.
There is not one of its provisions that is not,
in my opinion, in direct contravention of the
letter and spirit of the Constitution. It over-
throws and subvens the rights of the tates,
especially reserved by the Constitution that cre-
ates tlie government. It interferes with the
established forms of judicial proceedings, ousts
the State courts of a jurisdiction they have
ways exercised, and which has been reserved
to tliom in the Constitution ofthe United States,
and which has been conceded to them by the
highest tribunal known to our Government since
its organization. It sets aside the provisions
of every State constitution, providing for the
protection of its citizens, and blots out at one
master stroke the line that has heretofore
marked the division between the jurisdiction
of the Federal and State Governments. It
erects an absolute despotism upon the ruins of
a republic it pretends to foster and protect.
Its pretended purpose is to protect the people
ofthe United States in the enjoyment" of all
rights secured to them by the Constitution and
laws, while at the same time it deprives the
States of all jurisdiction over the persons and
property of its citizens. At the arbitrary will
ot one man it blots out the State governments
by despoiling its officers of their offices, and
authorizes the same will to declare these offi-
cers, from the highest to the lowest, rebels
agaiust the constitutions they have sworn to
protect and the laws they have sworn to observe
and obey. In. every essential element it is
despotic and revolutionary, nor can any pre-
cedent be found lor it iu the history of our
Government.
I simply make these remarks, Mr. Speaker,
in brief, having beet) unable to obtain the floor
before when X could have stated thetn more at
I have obtained the floor now only for
the purpose of bringing to the attention ol tho
House and the country one of those acts for
which my colleague, [Mr. Binciham,] I know,
when he returns to Ohio, among honorable
men, will be arraigned; I say I desire to call
the attention of the House to a matter in which
the truth has been suppressed—in which a
suppressio veri, to use the language of the
law, has been resorted to for the purpose
of imposing upon the Houso and the country,
as the highest legal authority known to our
Government, this mutilation as a sanction for
the principles embodied in this bill, and for
which my colleague, I am satisfied, will meet
with the unqualified indignation of every lawyer
and fair-minded man.
My colleague, in his speech the other day,
stated that this bill restu upon constitutional
provisions. He lays down the proposition that
it has received the sanction of the highest
judicial tribunal known to our countiy. Iu
order to sustain this he quoted liberally frotn
the law of 178'J. lie also quoted from i he case
of Cohens TO. The State oi Virginia, (0 Wheat-
on's Rep.) When he spoke in his eloqueut
manner—and he is always eloquent—members
flocked around him as around another Moses,
and received the law from his lips as if it were
to be taken as true and to be forever unques-
tioned here.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in order to prove to this
House and to prove to the country that this
bill does no more than is sanctioned by the
decision of Chief Justice Marshall in this case,
in order to prove that the Federal courts had
general jurisdiction of all persons everywhere,
regardless of State lines or State constitutions,
he quotes as follows:
"America had chosen to be, in many respects and
to many purposos, a naiiou ; and for ah these pur-
poses, her Government is complete; to all Uu-so
objects it is eompetonr,. Ttio people have declared
tha.t in tho exerciso of all powers given for theso
objects it is supreme. It can, then, in effecting these
objects, legitimately control alt individuals or gov-
ernments within the American territory. The con-
stitution and laws of a Sr.ate, so far as they are
repugnant to tho Constitution and laws of tho Uni-
ted titate.-, are absolutely void. These States are
constituent parts of ttio United States. Thev are
members of one great empire." (0 Wheat., p. 414.)
In order that the effect of tho mutilation,
to which I have referred may become intelli-
gible, a brief statement of the question pre-
sented for the consideration of tho court is
necessary. The Cohens were citizens of Vir-
ginia. 'This State had a law upon her statute-
books which prohibited the sale of lotteiy
tickets, itc., within that State, except wheie
the sale of such tickets were authorized by her
laws. Congress had passed an act of incor-
poration for the District of Columbia in which
the drawing of lotteries was authorized wimin
the District. There was no law m Virginia
which authorized the sate of the tickets of the
lottery of the District. The Cohens sold the
tickets of the District lottery at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, were presented, indicted, tried, and found
guilty by the courts of Virginia lor a violation
of the laws of that State. The delendants
pleaded m their defense the law of Congress as
the paramount law. Upon an agreed statement
of these facts the case was brought before the
Supreme Court of the United States, at that
time composed of the most eminent, learned,
pure-minded, and patriotic body of men that
before or since have graced by their presence
that august tribunal.
Two questions, it will be seen, were thus
presented for the consideration of the court.
First, the jurisdiction of tho courts of the
United States over controversies arising be-
tween a State and one of its citizens ; and,
second, the right of a State to pass laws and
punish offenses committed within her exclusive
jurisdiction antiPnot^in contravention of the
Constitution of the United States or of any law
