386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
ness, but its utter failure to accomplish any
good.
Mr. Speaker, the excuse for the alleged dis-
orders in the southern States heretofore offered
by those controlling the affairs of the Govern-
ment and accepted by the people I hope will
not hereafter avail. The whole blame has
heretofore been put upon the southern people.
But, sir, the stale cry of "rebel outrages" will
not in the future, as in the past, prevent the
blame being put where it belongs. Those per-
sons will have to take the responsibility who
pass and endeavor to enforce laws that always
and everywhere where there are spirited free-
men necessarily and inevitably produce dis-
order.
Mr. Speaker, in the spring of 1865 the eon-
federate government was annihilated, the con-
federate array was surrendered and disbanded,
and there was nowhere throughout the South
either organized or individual resistance to the
authority of the United States. Though the
confederacy was irrecoverably destroyed, the
State governments existed, unimpaired and
undisturbed. The machinery in each was in
working order. Local laws existed for the
regulation of their domestic affairs, and offi-
cers were installed and performing their duties.
But, sir, both States and people were impov-
erished. Their labor system was destroyed.
Wealthy men were reduced to poverty and
poor men to want; bankruptcy was every-
where imminent. More than $3,000,000,000
of slave property was suddenly annihilated;
four million negroes, hitherto dependent upon
their masters for support, were suddenly thrown
upon their own resources in a country to a great
extent laid waste and impoverished. The
negro and the white race, previously holding
the relation of mutual support and protection
and living in harmony and peace, were suddenly
confronted as competitors and rivals, present-
ing a problem no one could at that time solve,
and about the satisfactory and happy solution
of which there are now some grave doubts and
ominous fears. As a result of the recent de-
structive war, there was necessarily disorder
and lawlessness to some extent. Both gov-
ernment and society required wise, prudent,
and skillful management. And above all,
that class disfranchised by the fourteenth
amendment, possessing wisdom, experience,
and the confidence of the people, was needed
to encourage, to advise, to reconstruct society,
and restore order.
Under all these circumstances wise and con-
servative men advised a quiet and peaceful
resumption by those States of their former
positions in the Union and the exercise by the
Federal Government of forbearance and kind-
ness instead of hostility and oppression. But,
sir, the Republican party, rejecting the sug-
gestions of wisdom and moderation, adopted a
different policy, and have steadily and sternly
pursued it ever since. The power of Con-
gress over southern States and people became
omnipotent, and has been exercised without
interruption. In order to carry out this policy
the other departments of the Government were
forced into obedience to the dominating power
of Congress, or deprived of the power to resist.
The Supreme Court was made to succumb;
its hand, timidly stretched toward the prison-
bound citizen, was paralyzed; its voice, feebly
protesting in behalf of murdered States, was
silenced. The President, for obeying his own
conscience and maintaining his official integ-
rity, was dra.gged to the bar of the Senate, and
though not driven from office was cowed into
submission. The people, inflamed and excited
from timetotime byextravagantandunfounded
stories of " rebel outrages aud southern disloy-
alty,'' and confiding in the wisdom, patriotism,
and integrity of the dominant party, yielded
their support, and placed^t their disposal the
unbounded resources of the country and the
strong arm of the military.
Eleven sovereign States were struck down,
and eleven civil governments obliterated, and
then the work of reconstruction began. But,
sir, inside the Constitution of the fathers there
was no room for the imposing fabric, and the
corner-stone was, by the great builder from
Pennsylvania, laid outside of it. Thrice has
that instrument been pieced, and many times
rent and torn, in the effort to overspread with
it, as a protecting 8Bgis, the great structure.
How much of the $2,000,000,000 of taxes
collected from the people since 1865 has been
expended in the construction of this new build-
ing will never be known. But it is not yet
completed; and those acquainted with con-
gressional architecture firmly believe that if it
ever is finished, according to present plans,
the price to be paid for it is the liberties of
the people in the North as well as South.
Mr. Speaker, it was a fearful responsibility
the dominant party took when they thus de-
stroyed these eleven States and forced into
helpless submission to arbitrary power eight
millions of people. Heretofore they have not
been called upon to answer how the tremen-
dous power usurped by them from the people
has been used. But, sir, the judgment, though
long suspended by a patient people, must be
near at hand, and will soon condemn them.
Mr. Speaker, that violence and disorder to
some extent does exist in some few localities of
the South I do not undertake or wish to deny,
much less do I desire to justify it. I condemn
disorder and violence wherever it exists and by
whomsoever committed. I want it punished,
but punished according to the constitution and
laws. But, sir, when you consider the actual con-
dition of the people of the South now and ever
since the war ; that the control of governmental
affairs has been kept out of the hands of the
wise, virtuous, influential men of the South,
and given to adventurers and negroes ; that
those who own the property and pay the taxes
are without any voice as to the amount of taxes
assessed and collected or the purposes for which
they are expended ; that as a consequence of
misrule aud corruption State debts in many of
the southern States have assumed fearful pro-
portions and State taxes have become almost
insupportable ; that the effect produced, if not
the one desired by congressional legislation,
lias been in every State the subordination of
the civil to the military authority, and the
actual subordination in the government and
attempted subordination in society of white
intelligence and virtue to ignorance and brutal-
ity, must not disorders and disturbances exist
to some extent, and will they not continue to
exist as long as the unnatural and disgusting
causes exist?
Sir, it is due to the southern people to say,
and it can be truthfully said, that no instance
exists in history of any conquered people that
more calmly and bravely met and yielded to
the fate of war, and more quietly and uncom-
plainingly submitted to authority. It is not
true, but false, that any organization in hos-
tility to the Government of the United States
has existed since the war. Sir, their recent
experience of what war is and what they suf-
fered by it, their impoverished and helpless
condition, show the charge to be absurdly
false.
Sir, what hope have they of ultimate success
even if they desired it ever so much ? Their
knowledge of the utter impossibility of any such
undertaking alone, if there was no other in-
ducement, would deter them. If when their
State treasuries were full and credit unim-
paired, when individual wealth and prosperity
was the rule and not the exception, and when
they had undisputed control of their States,
and society was organized in their interest,
and the southern States were a unit, they were
beaten and almost destroyed, what possible
reason could they now have to even dream of
success ? As it would be the supremest folly,
yea, crime, to make any such mad attempt, so
it is the supremest wickedness for men, for
party purposes, to make such accusations
against them.
Mr. Speaker, that collisions should occa-
sionally occur in the southern States between
the two races might, under the circumstances,
might be reasonably expected; and whenever
these collisions do occur it may be reasonably
expected the negro will be worsted. But, sir,
whatever unprovoked outrages against the ne-
gro or lawlessness may exist is not in accord-
ance with the wish or sentiment of the mass of
the southern whites, but, sir, is attributable in
a great degree to corrupt and reckless legis-
lation in those States, in the hands of ignorant
and vicious adventurers and negroes, and to
other causes that those men you disfranchised
and outlawed by the fourteenth amendment can
best, if not alone, control, and which they
would control if you would allow them to do so.
Sir, for my part, I have never received any-
thing but kindness from negroes, and have
no other feeling for them but kindness, and
such is the prevailing sentiment throughout the
South. When the war terminated it was of the
highest importance to both races, and espe-
cially to the negroes, that society should be so
adjusted as to prevent collisions between the
two races and to remove all causes for it, and
that done quickly; for every one knows, when
collisions do occur, which race goes to the
wall. Their fate in this country can only be
prevented being the same as the Indian by
fostering friendship and concord between them
and those of the white race whose fortune has
compelled them to live under the same Govern-
ment and in the same society with them.
Sir, the men, of all others, whose wisdom
and experience gave them the confidence of
both races in the South, and who were best
able to reorganize the governments, harmon-
ize the two races, and subdue tumult and dis-
order, were disfranchised and rendered power-
less by the fourteenth amendment, and instead
of the wise and skillful means they would
have used, military governments were estab-
lished and brute force applied to both gov-
ernments and society, when civic authority
and moral suasion only could secure early,
permanent, and healthful peace and order.
Instead, of intrusting the solution of the dif-
ficult questions that presented themselves to
those best qualified and most interested, ad-
venturers, ignorant of the disposition of the
negro and inimical to the resident whites,
were sent to the South, and, through the in-
strumentality of secret leagues, the ignorant,
credulous negro was used at the same time to
take vengeance upon the whites and elevate
these adventurers to positions they have gen-
erally disgraced.
Mr. Speaker, I am sure I perfectly under-
stand and appreciate the character and dis-
position of the southern people, for I have
seen them under circumstances calculated to
develop and bring into exercise the highest
virtues of our nature, as well as to betray all
their weaknesses. For nearly four years I
associated with them, fought with them, suf-
fered with them, and sorrowed with them, and
was about to say rejoiced with them, but, alas 1
little rejoicing has during the last six dark, sad
years been allowed to them by their task-mas-
ters here. I knew the sentiments and convic-
tions that actuated them during the war, for
I was in sympathy with them. I knew what
their situation was at the close of the war, for I
passed by their devastated plantations and saw
their burned towns and farm-houses, and heard
and witnessed the sufferings of their women
and children.
Having this knowledge, I declare, what I be-
lieve to be the solemn truth, that if any people
on earth ever were impelled by honest convic-
tions of what they believed they had a right to
do and what it was their duty to do, the south-
ern people were so influenced in the late strug-
gle. Sir, I believe I may say of the mass of
the southern people, I am sure I can say in
