1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
behalf of the southern soldier, that when the
war closed there was neither the ability nor
desire thereafter to further resist the authority
of the Federal Government. The confederate
army waged a manly and civilized warfare, and
the world gives them the credit of bravery and
fortitude. When that army laid down their
arms and surrendered to the Federal armies
they meant to cease further resistance, and
thereafter instead of blows to give obedience.
Their honor as men and their parol as soldiers
bound them to do it, and, whatever bad men
may say to the contrary, they have sacredly and
religiously kept their pledges.
So far from an attempt or even desire to
thwart the real friends of the Union, they have
been ready and willing to heartily and sin-
cerely unite in every lawful effort to perpetuate
it, and to secure for all under its protection the
blessings of liberty. It is true, with rare ex-
ceptions, the white people of the South have
stood aloof from the Republican party, and
because they believed the principles of that
party fundamentally wrong and its tendencies
opposed to rational freedom they have refused
to purchase their enfranchisement by adopting
its faith. Obedience to the dictates of their
manhood and their virtues has been falsely de-
nominated disloyalty, and reverence for their
traditions and respect for themselves have been
tortured into contumacious hatred of the Union
and Union men.
Mr. Speaker, southern people since the war
have not asked anything they are not entitled
to. They have submitted to your authority,
and calmly abided and silently and patiently
endured your vengeance. Their sufferings
during the last ten years have bevu many and
great. They have not yet appealed and do not
now appeal to your generosity or sympathy;
for their sufferings and wrongs, more eloquent
than their tongues, for six years have appealed
in vain. They ask what you cannot conscien-
tiously refuse, and what it will make you better
men to give ; they ask for the protection of
the law; not the oppressive and vindictive and
partial code under which they have suffered
since the war, but the organic law of the Gov
eminent as it emanated from the wise heads
and pure hearts of the founders. They ask
for public liberty, pervading all States and
blessing all alike. They ask for universal
amnesty, rekindling universal good feeling,
generous, unselfish patriotism, and forming
a "perfect Union." And they ask just aud
honest legislation and impartial administra-
tion of public affairs, whereby the burdens of
government may be lightened and its blessings
more liberally and fairly distributed. Sir, if
these appeals are answered, the consciences of
good men in the North will no longer accuse
them of injustice and tyranny, and the bad
men will be publicly reprobated or forced into
seclusion; true hearts and cheering voices in
the South will sympathize with and encourage
you, wise heads will counsel with you, and
steady hands will unite with you in the effort
to perpetuate republican institutions.
1 yield what remains of my time to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Siikm.abargki!] desires to make some
suggestions as to an evening session, &c.
Mr. WOOD. I propose to occupy only two
minutes of the fifteen minutes which remain
of the time of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Lewis,] and I shall then give the balance
of it to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labarger.] I desire to have read a short edi-
torial from a Republican paper published in
the city of New York. It contains a suggestion
upon which I should like the gentleman from
Ohio to express his views when he succeeds
me, after the extract has been read at the
Clerk's desk. It is from the New York Even-
ing Post.
The Clerk read as follows:
*'MuMachunettH Ku Klux.—We respectfully call the
attention of General Bultek and Mr. Shellabak-
ger to the following report, which will give them
another reason for the speeds passage of the Ku
Klux bill and its beneficent application, not only to
South Carolina, but also to Massachusetts;
" A little girl iu a public school in Fall River, Mas-
sachusetts, complained that a boy had aimed a loaded
pistol at her. An investigation brought out a con-
fession that the boys were in the habit of carrying
fire-arms to school, and five of them surrendered to
the teacher as many pistols loaded with shot.
"Surely it is high time tor the President to inter-
fere in Massachusetts, where even the small boys in
the public schools carry concealed weapons; where
the established seminaries for the instruction of
youth are liable to become the scenes of bloody en-
counters, and little girls are frightened out of their
small wits by the sudden presentation at their heads
of loaded pistols.
" When the now KuKlux bill becomes a law, with
General Butler's amendinentauthorizinathe Pres-
ident to call out volunteers 'as in 1861,' one of the
first campaigns of the new army will have to be
made in Massachusetts. The town of Fall River will
have to be put under martial law, and the President
will doubtless issue his proclamation to the recal-
citrant school-boys to lay d^wn their arms within
twenty days or suffer the consequences. Meantime,
according to the latest improvements suggested by
Mr.Butler, the volunteers will be quartered upon
the citizens of this blood-thirsty district in which
even the school-boys carry pistols; and the town will
have to pay the soldiers, and, after the Prussian style,
keep the olhcers in cigars.
*' Let us have peace. Law and order raustbe main-
tained at all hazards; and though it is unpleasant to
think of a Massachusetts manufacturing town m mil-
itary occupation, even this is no doubt preferred by
that well-known Quaker, General Butler, to such
unheard-of lawlessness as that at Fall River."
Mr. WOOD. I suppose that the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] when he
proposed his bill as a substitute for the bill
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Botler,] and when he extended its amicable
provisions over the whole United States, not
confining tliem simply to one section of the
Union, as General Buti,Kit's bill proposed to
do, had in mind this terrible state of things in
Massachusetts. And if anything could recon-
cile me to a violation of the Constitution, it
would be that it was to bring Massachusetts to
its proper senses in its relation to the Federal
Government aud the suppression of these Ku
Klux.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments ?
Mr. WOOD I shall yield the gentleman
the balance of my time after the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sheu.abarger] has made the
proposition he desires to offer in regard to the
order of business.
Mr. SHEbLABARGER. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] was kind enough
to say he would yield to me the balance of his
time, which I do not want. I merely rose to
ask that an arrangement be come to in regard
to the progress of debate. I am invited to
make some reply to what has been read from
the New York Post. I shall not attempt to
do that. I infer the article is meant to be
witty. If it be so, then I am not witty, and I
will leave it for some witty gentleman from
Massachusetts to notice.
I ask now that we shall make an agreement
to take a recess and meet for debate to night;
also that, by unanimous consent, we may meet
at ten o'clock on Monday. 1 do so, for the
reason that there is a very large number of
members of this House still who desire the
privilege of addressing the House upon this
subject. I desire—we all do, I think—that
every gentleman shall be gratified in that
regard who can be.
But, on the other hand, there is a very strong
pressure on both sides of the House—or I may
rather speak more especially in reference to
my own side ; but still, to a considerable ex-
tent, I think, it exists on the other—-that there
should be an end to this debate soon, per-
haps as soon as Monday. Now, then, I pro-
pose that we meet to-night, as we did last
night, for debate only; and that we also meet
on Monday at ten o'clock for the same pur-
pose; and that debate be allowed to proceed
on Monday until the usual time of adjourn-
ment, at which time I shall probably ask for
the ordering of the previous question, or some
arrangement by which we may enter upon busi-
ness debate and the consideration of amend-
ments.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me there is no such pressing necessity upon
this House as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] would have us infer from the
remarks which he has made. The Senate have
adjourned over to day; they do not propose
to discuss this bill in the hurried manner in
which the gentleman desires it to be discussed.
We are desirous of hearing this debate ; we
have so far remained here and listened to it.
But who of us is able to remain here from ten
o'clock in the morning until twelve o'clock at
night, and give proper attention to the debate ?
To-day is Saturday, the close of a week of
continuous debate. Yet the gentleman from
Ohio now proposes that we shall meet again
to-night for debate; although I think it was
the understanding of yesterday that no such
arrangement should be made. As I under-
stand it—and the proposition, if I am not mis-
taken, came from myself ; at all events I know
I concurred in the form in which it was pre-
sented to the House—we were to meet last
evening and to-day for the purpose of debate
only. And now the gentleman proposes that
we shall meet again this evening for debate.
I think, myself, that such a proposition is,
although perhaps not strictly, yet in spirit, a
violation of that understanding.
The SPEAKER. The understanding did
not reach to the time when the House should
adjourn to-day; it related only to the business
of the House while in session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that. It
was the general understanding, I have no
doubt that, to-day being Saturday, we should
adjourn at the ordinary hour for adjournment.
I think that was suggested yesterday, although
I will not be certain about that.
Bat the gentleman is aware, every member
of this House must be aware, that the Senate
does not intend to discuss this matter iu a
hurried manner. If we should meet here to-
night and sit till midnight, and meet again on
Monday morning at ten o'clock, we should
not expedite business at all. The Senate
will still discuss this subject deliberately and
thoroughly. There are many gentlemen here
who desire to discuss this subject; but they
desire to discuss it during the ordinary hours
of our session, rather than, as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] proposes, to
meet to-night and earlyin the day on Monday.
I know that would be their preference, and I
think it is rather unfairand unjust to the mem-
bers who are now in Congress for the first time
to force them to debate this question here at
unseasonable and unreasonable hours.
I hope the gentleman will stand by the prop-
osition which he made yesterday, that we shall
continue to discuss this subject till Monday ;
and then, on Monday, if he shall deem it his
duty, if he shall consider that this debate has
degraded itself into personality and become
unworthy of the great questions involved in
this discussion, and should not be allowed to
continue further, then let him call the previous
question and take the sense of the House upon
that proposition. For myself, I do not believe
that this House is ready at this time, or will
be ready on Monday, to second the call for
the previous question.
This discussion so far has been high-toned
and honorable to those who have debated this
question. I think it has done good, and I
hope the gentleman and his party, and espe-
cially those who agree with him, will not be
afraid to meet this whole question, and allow
every gentleman on this side of the House the
fullest opportunity to continue to discuss this
bill, as they have done so far, in a calm and
deliberate manner. Certainly no man, on this
side of the House at least, has gone beyond
the line of reasonable and deliberate discus-
sion. Let us discuss this question. Thegen-
tleman himself, in presenting this subject to
the House, said that it" was a new question.
