1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
Mr. ELLIOTT. Mr. Speaker, the argu-
ment upon the pending bill has proceeded
thus far upon a question of constitutional law
and a question of fact. The opponents of the
bill deny that its provisions are warranted by
the Constitution of the United States, and also
deny the alleged facts upon which the proposed
bill is founded. The probable efficacy of the
bill, as a measure of relief and protection for
the loyal men of the South from the extraor-
dinary system of oppression to which they are
now subjected, has not been assailed.
I shall therefore confine myself to a neccs
sarily brief consideration of the law and the
facts. I will endeavor to prove that the pend-
ing bill is not obnoxious to the spirit of the
Constitution, and that it is founded in right
reason, and that, as a measure of repression
and protection, this bill is not only fully war-
ranted, but it is imperatively demanded by the
present posture of affairs in the southern
States. The issue of constitutional law evolved
thus far by the discussion of the bill resolves
itself into the question, has the Government,
of the United States the right, under the Con-
stitution, to protect a citizen of the United
States in the exercise of his vested rights as
an American citizen by the exercise of a direct
force through its Army and Navy, or the asser-
tion ot immediate jurisdiction through its
courts, without the appeal or agency of the
State in which the citizen is domiciled? Those
who oppose this bill answer this question in' the
negative, founding their opposition on section
four, article four of the Constitution, which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] made
the burden of his very able and elaborate but
specious argument the other day upon this
subject. Tliis, then, m the judgment of our
opponents, is the pivot upon which this whole
matter revolves, and to this point I shall
address myself at the outset.
The language of the section which the gen-
tleman from Indiana has made the substratum
of his ingenious argument is as follows:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Onion a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(wnen the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
Upon this the gentleman from Indiana ob-
serves :
"The obligation of the Federal Government to
protect the States of this Union against invasion is
clear and obvious; and it interferes with no question
of State jurisdiction or of State autonomy. It is
external to the State itself; it is protection against
dangers from without, not within."
In this interpretation I fully concur with him,
and I also agree with him that the term " do-
mestic violence" refers to a force exerted
within the State, as the term "invasion" re-
lates to a power moving from without. But,
sir, I totally dissent from the conclusion of
the gentleman that this clause—
" Is intended only to make it the duty of the Fed-
eral Government to go to the relief of the States of
the Union against domestic violence when the
States appeal for such aid, being unable by their own
powers to maintain the public order, to protect
themselves and their citizens, and enforce their laws
in the peaceful course of administration."
1 deny that it forbids Federal interposition
except upon the call of the Executive or Legis-
lature of the State. It is a sound maxim of
the law that where a power is given the neces-
sary means for its execution are implied.
In this case the duty imposed upon the
Federal Government is to protect the States
"against domestic violence." The clause is
not inhibitory but mandatory. It was evi-
dently not designed to restrict the rights, but
to enlarge the duties of the Government.
Hence, when it declares that the Government
shall protect the States against domestic vio-
lence on application of the Legislature, or of
the Executive, when the Legislature cannot be
convened, it means not that such " applica-
tion" shall always bean essential condition-
precedent, but simply estops the United States
from refusing to give protection when the appli-
cation is made. Otherwise a faithless and un-
dutiful Executive, giving his personal aid to or
covertly bestowing his official sanction upon the
insurgent authors of the " domestic violence,"
might, by withholding his "application," ren-
der the Government of the United States a
torpid and paralyzed spectator ofthe oppression
of its citizens and the violent dissolution of the
State by the overthrow of the authorities con-
stituted pursuant to its organic law.
Those who defend this construction and its
logical consequences imitate, in their ideas
of governmental duty, but on a grander and
graver scale, the rigid etiquette of the French-
man, who, on being upbraided for not saving
the life of a fellow-passenger whom he saw
drown before his eyes, attempted to justify
himself by pleading that he had "not been
introduced to him." No, sir ; there are para-
mount duties devolved upon individuals and
upon Governments that in the very nature
of things demand prompt performance. No
broader or clearer vindication of this view is
required than that found in the noble preamble
to the Constitution itself, which declares that:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense. promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves anil our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America."
How, sir, shall one of the great objects of
the Constitution, the securing "the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity," be
achieved if it be true, as virtually contended
by the opponents of this bill, that the majority
of the citizens of a State may, by domestic
violence, be deprived of "the blessings of
liberty," and yet the Federal Government,
established chiefly for this object, shall remain
a passive observer of the great crime against
its fundamental law unless invited to "pro-
tect" its own citizens by the "Executive" of
the State?
That it is not a very violent presumption
that the majority of the people of a State may
be oppressively subordinated to the minority
through "domestic violence" is shown by the
following remarks of Justice Story in his com-
ments upon this very section, in the forty-first
chapter of his great work upon the Consti-
tution, a work to which the gentleman fiom
Indiana frequently recurred with profound rev-
erence throughout his cogent effort to "make
the worse appear the better cause." I think
that to quote Justice Story in defense of the
position assumed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana and his political coactors on this floor is
to "steal the livery of Heaven to serve the
devil in." Says Justice Story:
"A-* first view it might seem not to square with
the republican theory to suppose, either that a
majority have not the right, or that a minority will
have the force, to subvert a government, and, conse-
quently, that the Federal interposition can never
be required but when it would be improper. But
theoretic reasoning in this, as in most other cases,
must.be qualified by the lessons of practice. Why
may not illicit combinations for purposes of vio-
lence be formed, as well by a majority of a State,
espeeially a small State, as by a majority of a county
or a district of the same State; and if the authority of
the State ought in the latter case to protect the local
magistracy, ought not the Federal authority in the
former to support the State authority? Besides,
there are certain parts of the State constitutions
which are so interwoven with the Federal Constitu-
tion that a violent blow cannot be given to the one
without communicating the wound to the other. In-
surrections in a State will rarely induce a Federal
interposition, unless the number concerned in them
bear some proportion to the friends of government.
It will be much better that the violence in such cases
should be repressed by the superintending power
than that the majority should be left to maintain
their cause by a bloody and obstinate contest. The
existence of aright to interpose will generally pre-
vent the necessity of exerting it.
"Is it true that foree and right are necessarily on
the same side in republican Governments? May
not the minor party possess such a superiority of
pecuniary resources, of military talents and expe-
rience, or of secret succors from foreign Powers as
will render it superior also in an appeal to the
sword ? May not a more compactand advantageous
position turn the scaie on the same side against a
superior number so situated as to be less capable
ot a prompt and collected exertion of its strength ?
Nothing can be tuore chimerical than to imagine
that, in atrial of actual force, victory maybe cal-
culated by the rules which i revail in a census of
the inhabitants or which determine the event of
an election. May it not happen, m fine, that the
minority ot citizens may become a majority of per-
sons by the accession of alien residents, of a casual
concourse of adventurers, or of those whom the con-
stitution of the State has not admitted to the rights
of suffrage?" * * * * * * *
< "In cases where it may be doubtful oti which side
justice lies, what better umpires could be desired by
two violent factions, flying to arms and tearing the
State to pieces, than tne representatives of confed-
erate States, not heated by the local flame ? To the
impartiality of judges they would unite the affec-
tion of friends. Happy would it be, if such a rem-
edy for its infirmities could be enjoyed by all free
Governments; if a project equally effectual could
be established for the universal peace of mankind ?"
It is worthy of remark, Mr. Speaker, that
the gentleman from Indiana, in treating this
section of the Constitution, which he has made
the text of the most fervid portion of his able
but ill-timed speech, should have omitted all
notice of its opening, and, in this discussion,
its most pregnant clause. I refer to the words:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government/'
Here, then, sir, is a duty imposed without a
condition-precedent, even under the very strict
construction asserted by the gentleman from
Indiana. The mandate is absolute, recogniz-
ing and permitting no discretion, either in the
State or the United States. It vests in the
Federal Government the right to act in the
premises, whenever, in its judgment, "a re-
publican form of government'' may be endan-
gered in a "State in this Union'' from whatever
cause, whether by "invasion" or "domestic
violence."
To make this clear, let us consider what is
"a republican form of government" within the
meaning of the Constitution? To furnish a
substantial and comprehensive definition of
this term, we need not consult the publicists.
It must be defined by its attributes. It is a
government having a written constitution, or
organic law, which provides that its executive
and legislative functions shall be exercised
by persons elected by the majority of its citi-
zens. In other words, it is a government for
the people and by the people.
Assuming this definition to be correct in
substance, 1 ask, how can a republican govern-
ment be maintained in a State if the major-
ity of the electors are prevented from exer-
cising the elective franchise by force of arms,
or if members of the majority, having thus
exercised itaccording to their consciences, are,
for that cause, put in terror and subjected to
murder, exile, arid the lash, through "domes-
tic violence," organized and operated by the
minority for the sole purpose of acquiring a
political domination in the State? To deny
that it would be the absolute and unconditional
right and duty ofthe United States tointervene
for the protection of its citizens "against
domestic violence" thus directed, in advance
of the "application of the Executive" of a
State, and even in defiance of his expressed
will, would be tQ make the United States an
absolute guarantor of a "republican form of
government" "to every State in this Union,"
and yet deprive the United States of the power
to determine when to execute its "guarantee,"
or, in other woids, when the " republican form
of government," which it has guarantied, is
endangered. To argue thus is to violate every
sound principle of legal and logical interpre-
tation, and to suppose a great wrong without
a remedy in our political system. Upon this
point I commend to the gentleman's attention
the following from Story on the Constitution,
(chapter foriy«one, pages 559> c?Q.) Says
Justice Story:
"The want of a provision of this nature was felt
as a capital defect in the plan of the Confederation,
as it might, in inconsequences, endanger, if not over-
throw, the Union. Without a guarantee the assist-
ance to be derived from the national Government in
repelling domestic dangers which might threaten
the existence ofthe State constitutions could not be
demanded as a nghtfrom the national Government.
Usurpation might raise its standard and trample
upon the liberties of the people, while the national
Government could legally do nothing more than
