1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. os Reps.
form laws throughout the United States upon the
subject named, the protection of life, liberty. and
property, I am unwilling that Congress bhall have
any such power."
I have been thus particular in reviewing the
history of this debate, in order to show the
.sentiment that then prevailed in this House
in regard to one of the theories which we are
asked to adopt in this debate.
Now, let it be remembered that the proposed
amendment was a plain, unambiguous propo-
sition to empowerCongress to legislate directly
upon the citizens of all the States in regard to
their rights of life, liberty, and property.
Mark the action of the House. After a debate
of two weeks, the record of which covers more
tlian one hundred and fifty columns of the
Globe, and in which the proposed amendment
was subjected to a most searching examina-
tion, it became evident that many leading
Republicans of this House would not consent
to so radical a change in the Constitution, and
the bill was recommitted to the joint select
committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mis-
taken. A motion was made to lay that amend-
ment on the table. There were 41 votes in
favor of the motion and 110 against it. I
voted myself in favor of a postponement;
but the measure was not recommitted, for I
was a member of the committee and knew
what it could do.
Jlr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
is technically right in saying that the measure
was postponed. Of course the majority did
not allow it to be laid on the table on motion
of a member of the opposite party, and the
motion was voted down, as my colleague has
said. But the consideration of the measure
was posiponed on motion of Mr. Conkling,
who bud opposed it from the start, and it did in
fact go back to the committee, and was never
again discussed in this House. What is more,
it was never debated at all in the Senate,
though it was introduced into that body by Mr.
Kessenden the same day that Mr. Bingham
introduced it into the House. The whole his-
tory of the case shows that it became perfectly
evident, both to the members of the Senate
and of the House, after the House debate,
that the measure could not command a two-
thiids vote of Congress, and for that reason
the proposition was virtually withdrawn. Its
consideration was postponed February 28 by
a vote of 110 to 37.
THE AMENDMENT AS ADOPTED.
More than a month passed after this post-
ponement, or recommittal, without further
action in either House. On the 30tli April,
I860, the fourteenth amendment was intro-
duced into the House, and the first section
was precisely as it now stands in the Consti-
tution, except that the first sentence of the
present text was not in tb-e draft. The new
form of amendment was also debated at groat
length. The gentleman who reported it from
the committee, the late Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, said that it came far short of what he
wished, butafterfull consideration, he believed
it the most that could be obtained.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague will allow
me to correct him again. The remark of Mr.
Stevens had no relation whatever to that pro-
vision, none at all. That is all 1 have to say
on that point now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
can make but he cannot unmake history. I
not only heard the whole debate at the time,
but I have lately read over, with scrupulous
care, every word of it as recorded in the Globe.
1 will show my colleague that Mr. Stevens did
speak specially of this very section.
The debate on this new proposition, which
afterward became the fourteenth amendment,
was opened by Mr. Stevens, May 8th, in a
characteristic and powerful speech. He
of the difficulties which the joint committee
on reconstruction had encountered, and of
the long struggle they had had to reach any
proposition on which the friends of the amend-
ment could unite. He said:
"The proposition is not all that the committee
desired. It tails far short of my wishes, but it fulfills
my hopes. I believe it is all that can be obtained in
the present state of public opinion." * * * *
" The first section prohibits the States from abridg-
ing the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States, or unlawfully depriving them of life,
liberty, and property, or of denying to any person
within their jurisdiction the ' equal' protection of
the laws.
"I can hardly believe that any person can be found
who will not adrmit that every one of these provis-
ions is just. They are all asserted, m some form or
other, in our Declaration or organic law. Bat the
Constitution limits only the action of Congress, and
is not a limitation on the States. This amendment
supplies that defect and allows Congress to correct
the unjust legislation of the States, so far that the
law which operates upon one man shall operate
equally upon all. Whatever law punishes a white
man for a crime shall punish the black man precisely
in the same way and to the same degree. Wha tever
law protects the white man shall afford ' equal'
protection to the black man, Whatever means of
redress is jifforded to one shall be afforded to a,11.
Whatever law allows the white man to testify in
court shall allow the man of color to do the same.
These are great advantages over their present codes.
Now different decrees of punishment are inflicted,
not on account of the magnitude of the crime, but
according to the color of [he skin. Now color dis-
qualifies a man from testifying in the courts or being
tried ill the same way as white men. I need not
enumerate these partial and oppressive laws. Un-
less the Constitution should restrain them, those
States will all, I fear, keep up this discrimination
and crush to death the hated freedmen."—Stevens,
page 2459.
In the long debate which followed this sec-
tion of the amendment was considered as equiv-
alent to the first section of the civil rights bill,
except that a new power was added in the
clause which prohibited any State from depriv-
ing any person within its jurisdiction of the
equal protection of the laws. The interpreta-
tion of this first section, as given by Mr. Ste-
vens, was the one followed by almost every
Republican who spoke on the measure. It was
throughout the debate, with scarcely an excep-
tion, spoken of as a limitation of the power
of the States to legislate unequally for the pro-
tection of life and property. On the 9th of
May Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts, said,:
" I support the first section because the doctrine it
declares is right, and if under the Constitution as it
now stands Congress has not the power to prohibit
State legislation discriminating against any classes
of citizens or depriving any persons of life, liberty,
and property without dueproees^of law, or denying
to any persons within the State theequal protection
of the laws, then, in my judgmcn t, such power should
be distinctly conferred."—Paae 2511.
Mr. Farxsworth approved the amendment
but said that the first section might as well be
reduced to these words: "No State shall deny
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws," for that was the only
provision in it which was not already in the
Constitution. (Page 2539.)
It is noticeable also that no member of the
Republican party made any objection to this
section on the grounds on which so many had
opposed the former resolution of amendment;
but many expressed their regret that the arti-
cle was not sufficiently strong.
Mr. Shankling, of Kentucky, a Democrat,
said:
" The first section of this proposed amendment to
the Constitution is to strike down the reserved rights
of the States and invest all the power in the Fed-
eral Government. "—Page 2500.
Mr. Rogers, of New Jersey, a Democrat,
took similar ground. (Page 2538.)
These are the only declarations I find in the
House debates, either by Democrats or Re-
publicans, indicating that this clause was re-
garded as placing the protection of the funda-
mental rights of life and property directly in
the control of Congress; and these declara-
tions of Shankling and Rogers were general
and sweeping charges, not sustained even by
specific statement.
I close this citation of speeches on the
amendment by quoting the view taken of the
scope and meaning of this first section by my
colleague, [Mr. Bingham.] He said:
"This section gives power to protect by national
law the privileges and immunities of all the citizens
of the Republic and the inborn rights of every per-
son within its jurisdiction whenever the same shall
be abridged or denied by unconstitutional acts of
any State.
"Allow me, Mr. Speaker, in passing, to say that
this amendment takes from no State any right that
ever pertained to it. No State ever had the right,
under the forms of law or otherwise, to deny to any
freeman tho equal protection of the laws, or to
abridge the privileges or immunities of any citizen
of the Republic, although many of them have
assumed and exercised the power, and that without
remedy."—Page 2542.
After a debate on this new proposition which
lasted several days and evenings, the amend-
ment passed the House May 10, 1800, by a
vote of 128 ayes to 37 noes, not one Repub-
lican voting against it. It will not be denied, as
a matter of history, that this form of amend-
ment received many Republican votes that the
first form to which I have referred could not
have received. In the Senate there was but
little debate on the first section and no change
was made in it, except that, on the motion of
Mr. Howard, of Michigan, these words were
added at the beginning of the section:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citi-
zens of the United States and of the States wherein
they reside."
Other changes were made by the Senate in
other sections of the amendment, and the
whole, as amended, passed June 8, by a vote
of 33 to 11.
On the 13t'n of June the House passed the
article, with the Senate amendments, by a
vote of 120 to 32, every Republican present
voting for it. •
THE REJECTED AND THE ADOPTED AMENDMENTS COM-
PARED.
With this review of the history of the clause
rejected and that adopted in our minds, I ask
gentlemen to consider the difference between
the two. Putting the fifth clause of the amend-
ment first, and, to make the comparison closer,
omitting the definition of citizenship, the sec-
tion as adopted rends thus :
"The Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the following provisions"—
To wit :
"No Slate shall make or enforce any law which
shallabiidge the privileges or immunitiesof citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without duo
process of Jaw, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws,"
And this is the rejected clause:
" The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper to secure to the
citizens of each State all the privileges and immun-
ities of citizens in the several States, and to all per-
sons in the several States equal protection in the
rights of life, liberty, and property."
The one exerts its force directly upon the
States, laying restrictions and limitations upon
their power and enabling Congress to enforce
these limitations. The other, the rejected
proposition, would have brought the _ power
of Congress to bear directly ujjon the citizens,
and contained a clear grant of power to Con-
gress to legislate directly for the protection of
life, liberty, and property within the States.
The first limited but did not oust the jurisdic-
tion of the State over these subjects. The
second gave Congress plenary power to cover
the whole subject with its jurisdiction, and, as
it seems to me, to the exclusion of the State
authorities.
Mr. Speaker, unless we ignore both the
history and the language of these clauses we
cannot, by any reasonable interpretation, give
to the section, as it stands in the Constitution,
the force and effect of the rejected clause.
