152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garfield.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
POWEKS GRANTED IN THE FIRST SECTION.
Mr. Speaker, I now inquire to what extent
this section does enlarge the powera of Con-
gress. On the proper answer to this inquiry
will chiefly rest our power of legislation on
the subject before us. The first sentence of
the section defines
CITIZENSHIP.
It declares that—
"All persons born and naturalizod in the United
Statos and subject to tho jurisdiction thereof are
citizens of the United States and of the State where-
in they rosido."
On this threshold of the section, we find a
conflict of opinion. In his very able speech,
my colleague [Mr. Shellabakoer] has given
us his interpretation of this first sentence. He
says;
"The United States added to its Constitution what
was not in it before; because never before was it
found in the Constitution in express words that all
people in this country wero citizens of tho United
States as well as of the States. This was added, and
added for a purpose."
lie also says:
"The makine of them United States cit.izons and
authorizing Congress by appropriate law to protect
that citizenship gave Congress power to logislato
directly tur enforcement of such rights as are funda-
mental elements of citizenship.
"This, sir, is tho foundation.idea on which thissoc-
tion null the wholo bill rest for their constitutional
win-rnnt. if right, it solvesevery possiblodoubt and
difficulty in every part of this great inquiry."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to call the atten-
tion to this statement, that in putting into the
Constitution a definition of citizenship there
was given to Congress a great power which did
not before exist in the Constitution. Can my
colleague by any possibility forget that pro-
vision of the Constitution which declares that
''no person shall be a Representative who shall
not have been seven years"—what? "A citi-
zen of tlio United States." Can lift forget that
ollyr clause which declares that '"no person
shall be a Senator of the United States who
shall not lmvo been nine years a citizen of the
United States?'' Can he forget that in article
two, section one, it is declared that "no per-
son except a natural born citizen, or a citizen
of the United States at the adoption of the
Constitution, shall be eligible to the office of
President?" Wero there no citizens of the
United States until the fourteenth amendment
passed ? Was my colleague any less a citizen
of lite United States when he sat in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress than he is today? Sir, the
citizens ol ihe United States made this Con-
stitution. It, was not the Constitution that
mtide ns citizens. The people who ordained
and established the Constitution were citizens
when they made that instrument.
J know my colleague limits his statement by
saying that the Constitution did not before say,
"in express words, that, all the people in this
country were citizens of the United Slates
but f usk him and all who hear me to say
whether I hi.-, was not as true before the adop
tioa of the fourteenth amendment as it is to-
day. Tho only doubt I ever heard expressed
on this point was whether slaves became citi-
zens of the United States by the act of eman-
cipation. If they did, the proposition was
wholly true, before as well as after the adop-
tion of the amendment.
I bold in my hand Paschal's annotated edi-
tion of the Constitution, four pages and a half
of which are filled with references to decis-
ions of the courts, from the beginning of the
century until now, declaring in the plainest
terms that all free persons, born or naturalized
in the United States, are c-tizens thereof. A
weak attempt was made in the Ured f'cotl ease
to exclude free colored persons from the lights
of citizenship, but that feature of the opinion
was in opposition to the main body of previous
precedents and to all subsequent decisions. 1
will quote but one or two of the many declara-
tions of our constitutional teachers. Chancel-
lor Kent says:
" Citizeas, under our Constitution and lairs, mean
free inhabitants born within the United States or
naturalized under tho laws of Congress."
  *   * ■* * #
" If a slave born in theUnited States bo manumit-
todor otherwise lawfully discharged from bondage,
or if a black man born in the United States becomes
free he becomes thonceforward a citizen, but under
such disabilities as tho laws of the several States
may deem it expedient to prescribe to persons of
color."—Jb%d, 1; Kent's Commentaries, 292, note.
In the admirable opinion of Attorney Gen-
eral Bates, delivered to President Lincoln,
November 29, 18G2, this whole subject is
thoroughly discussed. He says :
" Tho Constitution does not mako thecitizen; it is,
in fact, made by them. Every person bora in tbo
country is, at the moment of birth, prima facie, a
citizen."
We have recognized this principle of citizen-
ship in all our naturalization laws. We trans-
form the subjects of foreign Governments into
citizens of the United States whenever they
comply with tho terms of our naturalization
laws. The civil rights bill broadly and fully
affirms the doctrine 1 am here contending for.
I remember the able speech of my colleague
[Mr. SnuLLABARGEit] in favor of the civil
rights bill, in the spring of 1806, before this
fourteenth amendment had been adopted. The
first sentence ot' tlmt law is in these words:
"fie it mucteil. kr., That all persons born ill tho
United Slates, and not s'ibjecL to :my foreign Power,
excluding Indians not taxed, are llorcby declared to
be citizens."
My colleague and I then believed, as I now
believe, that we were fully empowered to mane
this declaration of citizenship, and so the
Republicans in this House and in the Senate
believed.
1 do not by any means underrate the value
and importance of the first sentence of the
amendment, it set at rest forever a vexed
and troublesome question, it brushed away
all the legal subtleties and absurdities that were
based on the supposed difference between citi-
zenship of the United States and citizenship
of the States; and by declaring that every per-
son born on the soil and subject to the juris-
diction of the United States is a citizen both of
the nation and of the State wherein he resides.
It lifted into undoubted citizenship those who
had been slaves, and tints resolved all doubts
as to their civil condition, it is clear to my
mind that this had already been done by the
provisions of the civil rights bill.
It was held by Mr. Justice Swayne, in his
learned opinion on the case of Rhodes vs. The
United Slates, that the civil rights bill natu-
ralized till negroes born in this country who
had been slaves, made them citizens, and gave
them all the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties to which white men were entitled under
the laws. The rights of the white citizens were
made the standard to which all others were
lifted. But neither the civil rights bill nor the
first sentence of the fourteenth amendment
added to the rights already guarantied to the
white citizen by the Constitution.
If the view I have taken of citizensbipbecar-
red, it follows that my colleague is in error when
he attempts to find in the first sentence of this
first section, the power to protect by congres-
sional enactment, all the fundamental rights
of persons and nroperty wiLliin the States—a
power which had theretofore, without question,
belonged exclusively to to the State govern-
ments. If my colleague's reasoning on this
point be valid, I do not see how he can stop
short, of oust.i-)g completely the jurisdiction of
the Slates over these subjects. He makes the
clause go to the full extent of the one which
was rejected.
I shall not be able in the hour assigned me
to discuss with thoroughness all the paragraphs
of this section, but I will notice them briefly.
PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES OP CITIZENS OP THE
UNITED STATES.
The next clause is this:
"No State shall mako or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges and immunities of tbo
citizens of the United States."
The substance of this provision is in the
main text of the Constitution, and has again
and again been interpreted by the courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
excuse me if 1 interrupt him.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My time is more
than half expired, and I hope my colleague
will not unnecessarily consume it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The first, in the first
section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ment, to wit, "no State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United Stales,"
never were in the original text of the Consti-
tution. The original text of the Constitution
reads that the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to the privileges and immunities of
citizens of the several States; which were
always interpreted, even by Judge Story, from
whom the gentleman cited in the outset, to
mean only privileges and immunities of cit-
izens of the States, not of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have made no
statement which requires this criticism of my
colleague. It is true that the main text of the
Constitution which he quotes speaks of State
citizenship; but as all persons free born or
naturalized were citizens of the United States,
it brings us to the same result as though
national citizenship had been expressed in the
section quoted, indeed, tile Supreme Court
declared, forty years ago, that a citizen ofthe
United States residing in any State of the
Union is a citizen of that State." (Gassiea
vs. Ballon, 6 Peters, 761 )
My colleague, [Mr. SHELLAiiAXiGER,] and
also the gentleman from Massaenusetts, [Mr.
ilOAR,] have given a breadth of interpretation
to the force ot these words " privileges" and
"immunities" which, in my judgment, are
not warranted, and which go far beyond the
intent and meaning of those who framed and
those who amended the Constitution. 1 he gen-
tleman from Massachusetts said in Ins speech'
" Congress is empowered by tho fourteenth amend-
ment to pass all ' appropriate legislation to secure
the privileges and immunities of tho citizen. Now,
what is comprehended iu this term ' privileges and
immunities Most clearly it comprehends all the
privileges and immunities declared to belong to too
citizen by the Constitution itself. Most clearly,
also, it seems to me, it comprehends those privileges
and immunities wliieb alt lepublie.ui writers of
authority agree in declaring fundamental and essen-
tial to citizenship."
He then quotes from Judge Washington's
opinion in the ease of Corfield vs. Coryell a
statement that the fundamental rights of citi-
zenship "are protection by the Government,
the enjoy ment of lifeand liberty, with the right tc
acqn reand possess property of every kind, and
to pursue and obtain happiness and safety."
Now, sir, if this is to be the construction of
the clause, the conclusion is irresistible that
Congress may assert and maintain original
jurisdiction over all questions affecting the
lights of the person and property of all pri-
vate citizens within a State, and the State
government may legislate upon this subject
only by sufferance of Congress. It tz-t&i be
remembered that Judge Washington was in-
terpreting the second section of the fourth
article ofthe Constitution, and that neither he
in 1820, nor any other judge before or since,
has authorized so broad a construction of the
power of Congress as that proposed by the
gentlemen to whom I refer.
GUARANTEES OF LIFE, LIBEETY, AND PROPERTY.
The next clause ofthe section under debate
declares:
< 14 Nor shall any State deprive any person of lif^,
liberty, or proporty, without due process of law,"
