1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment-^-Mr. Young.
Ho. of Reps.
of justice difficult or impossible. The Chief
Justice, who delivered the dissenting opinion,
and in which all the dissenting judges con-
curred, said:
" Martial law proper is called into action by Con-
gress, or temporarily, when the action of Congress
cannot be invited, and in the ease of justifying or
excusing peril, by the President, in times of insur-
rection or invasion, or of civil or foreign war, within
districts or localities, where ordinary law no longer
adequately secures public safety and private rights.
"We think that the power of Congress, in such
times and in such localities to authorize trial for
crimes-againstthe security and safety of the national
forces, may be derived from its constitutional author-
ity to raise and support armies and to declare war,
if not from its constitutional authority to provide
for governing the national forces."
I have quoted not only the opinion of the
court, but that of the dissenting judges, for the
purpose of exhibiting the unanimity of the
court on the main questions relating to martial
law. I cannot think that this House will, at
this time, take such an extreme and unpre-
cedented measure.
Sir, this provision means war, or it means
nothing; and I ask this House whether we are
now ready to take this step? Shall we "cry
havoc and let slip the dogs of war?"
I have taken a humble part in one war, and
I hope I shall always be ready to do any duty
that the necessities of the country may require
of me ; but I am not willing to talk war or to
declare war in advance of the terrible neces-
sity. Are there no measures within our reach
which may aid in preventing war? When a
savage war lately threatened our western fron-
tiers we sent out commissioners of peace in the
hope of avoiding war. Have we done all in
our power to avoid that which this section con-
templates? I hope the committee will bring
in a companion measure that looks toward
peace and enable us to send the olive branch
with the swoid.
I hope this House will grant general amnesty
to all except to those who held high official
trust under theUnited States, and then break-
ing their oaths went into rebellion. Weshould
enlist both the pride and the selfishness of the
people on the side of good order and peace.
But I remind gentlemen that we have not
even an indication or suggestion from the Pres-
ident that such a remedy as this is needed ;
and yet we are called upon to authorize the
suspension, not only of the great writ, but of
all laws, and that, too, in advance of any actual
necessity for it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My colleague wiil
observe that the state of things under which
alone martial law may be declared is particu-
larly described in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know that
the bill states the circumstances under which
martial law may be declared: but why should
we now alarm the country by this extreme
measure?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Because Congress
may not be in session when the emergency
arises.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When neither
the courts nor the President, with the Army
and Navy to aid in enforcing the laws, cau
keep the peace, the President will be justified
in calling Congress together. No stronger
reason for convening Congress could arise
than the necessity for martial law.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have only to
say that, within the limits of our power, I will
aid in doing all things that are necessary to
enforce the laws of the United States, to pro-
tect and defend every officer of the Govern-
ment in the free and full exercise of all his
functions, and to secure to the humblest citizen
the fullest enjoyment of all the privileges and
immunities granted him by the Constitution,
and to demand for him the equal protection
of the laws.
All this can be done by this bill when
amended as I have ventured to suggest.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. P. M. B. YOUNG-,
of georgia,
is the House op Representatives,
April 4, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. B. No. 320) to enforoe the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes—
Mr. YOUNG said:
Mr. Speaker. : I did not intend to address
the House on the great questions involved in
this bill, but learning that several of my
southern friends who had intended to speak
had withdrawn from the contest for the floor,
I feel that, not only as the Representative of
my own district, but as one of the represent-
atives of that class of citizens at whose honor
and whose liberties this bill is particularly
intended to strike, I cannot remain silent;
and after listening to all the false charges,
the malignant aspersions, and the false accu-
sations made against the people of the South
during the debate, I feel, sir, to be silent
would be criminal.
I stand here to-day the Representative of a
people whom I believe to have been grossly
wronged and oppressed; a people who, after
four years of a bloody, devastating war, laid
down their arms and intrusted their liberties
to your generosity. There never was an army
disbanded after so long and so violent a strug-
gle with such quietness as were these armies
of the confederacy. Worn, weary, hungry,
shoeless, and almost naked, and bleeding at
every pore, but gallant and still true to their
honor, they surrendered to what they believed
to be the magnanimity, or, if you please, the
mercies, of whom,sir? Not to the armies of
a foreign prince, not to the purchased hirelings
of an invading despot, but to the armies com-
posed of their own countrymen ; men of their
own flesh and blood, in whose honor, in whose
magnanimity and sense of justice they believed
they could trust.
With the kind treatment of the Federal gen-
erals—and let me say here, sir, that every sol-
dier of the army of northern Virginia acknowl-
edges with pleasure the kind and considerate
treatment with which General Grant accepted
the surrender of General Lee and his army—I
say with this kind treatment and the fair prom-
ises of protection made by the Federal com-
manders, these soldiers threw down their arms
and returned in peace to their ruined homes
to abide the consequences and accept the sit-
uation. I quote from General Grant:
" General Lee's great influence throughout the
whole South caused his example to be followed, and
to-day the result is that the armies lately under his
leadership are at their homes, desiring peace and
qui of., and their arms are in the hands of our ord-
nance officers."
Then began to be inaugurated the schemes
of reconstruction. The first was the policy of
President Johnson, which was readily accepted
by the southern States, but which was not
ratified by Congress. We then had the recon-
struction laws of Congress thrust upon us.
These also were, after a time, accepted by the
States of the South, and after five, almost six,
years of profound peace these States are at
last admitted to representation in both branches
of Congress. You came to the South after
the close of the war and overthrew their State
governments, or rather you required thepeople
to overthrow their own State governments,
repudiating their State debts, repudiating their
own private debts and contracts. You required
them to ratify the emancipation of their own
slaves, thus stripping them in many cases of
their entire property without remuneration or
promise of remuneration. You required them
to set up and establish State governments in
the face of and in defiance of your own Con-
stitution and laws. You required them to
frame and adopt constitutions for their gov-
ernment which stripped them of the right
dearest to every American citizen, the right
to vote and hold office. You not only required
them to renounce these rights, but you required
them at the same time to clothe, with all the
rights and immunities of American citizenship
the ignorant black man who had so recently
been their slaves, and thus in many of the
States of the South placing the black man in
government and authority over the white man
whom you deprived of his political rights. You
sent your Government officers into those States
to collect the revenues, and for months and
years while the revenues of these impoverished
districts were flowing into your Treasury, you
persistently refused them in violation of the
Constitution, you refused them representation
though they were daily praying for admission
to Congress and to be permitted to participate
in the Government even under the prescriptive
restrictions you had forced them to accept.
After putting in motion these State govern-
ments you sent the armed forces of the United
States into these States of the South during
the elections to awe the people and in many
cases deter them from coming to the polls,
and thus by force of arms controlling the elec-
tions, putting your instruments in power—men
who had nothing in common with the people
over whom they were set to rule. Under all
this wrong, oppression, and punitive legisla-
tion these people have been qiliet and peace-
able, and they have borne with forbearance
and Christian fortitude all these wrongs, and
volumes of others which it would lake me
days-and weeks to recount. They have prayed
to the Government for relief. This moment,
sir, there are ten thousand applications pray-
ing for the removal of political disabilities
lying unheeded in the committee-rooms of
this Capitol.
In the State of Georgia, which I have the
honor in part to represent on the floor of this
House, there is not one white man in every
twenty of the intelligent, law-abiding, tax-pay-
ing citizens of the State who is eligible to hold
a Federal office. But, sir, every black man in
the State above the age of twenty-one years is
eligible to hold any and every office in the
gift of the people or the Executive ; and yet,
sir, the State of Georgia has the most liberal
constitution of any State in the South. But we
have borne all this and much more in peace, [
can hardly say with patience. I can give a few
facts concerning the expense to the people of
my State of this infamous rule of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, and it affords a tale of plunder
and illegality without a precedent in the history
of deliberative assemblies. I can only give
the records of the last and fifth session of the
Legislature, lasting one hundred and twelve
days.
This .session cost in pay and mileage of
members $330,000. Of this amount $82,807,
or over one fourth, was for clerk-hire. The
clerk-hire alone cost more than the expenses
of former. Legislatures. And all this for one
session out of five. Was there ever a greater
outrage perpetrated upon a people? I will fur-
ther quote, sir, from the rej orts of the comp-
troller of the State of Georgia, which shows
that the expenses of Legislatures of Georgia
for nine years previous fell far short of the
present one Legislature:
"For 1855 and 1856, (biennial session) $168,446 0B
For 1857  114 242 25
For 185$  95,529 40
For 1859    115,819 96
For I860  114.427 52
For 1861    62,84'il 86
For 1862  94,604 66
Total expenses for nine years  836,385 53
Expenses of last Legislature lor little over
two years   979.055 00
Excess ,,..$112,659 41
