156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Young.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
" Showing that tho expenses of the last Legisla-
ture lor pay of its own members and officers to bo
$112 6o9 47 more than that of other Legislatures for
nine years! And. what is moro, during one of theso
nine years(186S) thecarrency that the members then
received was worth but five cents on tho dollar for
gold. And, what makes the matter look still more
extraordinary, during six of these years (1855, 1856,
1S5S.1859, andl860) the numberof themembersof the
Legislature ranged irom fifty-four to eighty;two
mure than tho present Legislature. From 1855 to
I860 each county bad a sonator: now there is butone
Senator to three counties. In 1855 to 1857 Ihero
were US senators and 155 representatives—273 in
nil; 54 more than tho present Legislature, which
consists of 44 senators and 175 representatives—219
in all; in 1858,126 senators and 163 representatives—
289 in ail; 70 more than tne prosent Legislature. In
1859 and 1860 thore were 132 senators and 169 repre-
sentatives—301 in all, or82 members moro than the
present Legislature. Id 1861, 1862, and 1863, (three
of tho nine years.) thero wero 45 senators and 169
representatives—212 in all, and only six members
less than the present Legislature.
"And mark it here that these nine years' expend-
itures wore made when tho people of Georgia had
from five to seven hundred million dollars of prop-
erty, while tho two years' expenditures wero made
whon they had but about two hundred million dol-
lars of property.
"Tbatof this vast amount, ^9/9,035,000, over $>125,-
000 was for clerk-biro by the lust Legislature.
"Tho comptroller's reports, from which wo ob-
tained tho nbovo gross amounts oxpondod lor mem-
bers' and officers' pay for tho years abovo stated, did
not separate tho gross amount paid for clork-hiro
except for tho years 1860,1861,1862, and 1803. For
theso years the pay of the secretary fo tho senate
and clerk of the houso and their clerks was as
follows:
For I860    §15.50t
For 1861  7,880
For 1862   12.4.5
For 1863   8.800
Total  $43,896
"Forty-threo thousand cighthutidredand ninety-
six dollars for clerk-hire against over ono hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars for a littlo'ovor
two years, will show an average expenditure, i
think, of about six dollars to ono by this last Legis-
lature, whon comparod with theso othor legisla-
tures, for elerk-hiro."
Mr. Speaker, wo are told cons'nntly on the
floor of thin House that there is no peace en-
joyed by "Union men" at the South. We
Lave been repeatedly told that, ever since tho
close of tho war, a spirit of discontent and dis-
loyally existed in all tho States of tho South.
General Grant., with no escort but a few mem
bers of his staff, visited, I believe, every one
of the southern States, and iti making his re-
port what says he about, tho disloyalty and
the discontented spirit of the southern people?
Hear the President. Murk his words, sir:
"My observations load mo to tho conclusion that
the eilizens of the southern .States lire anxious to
return to self-government, within tho Union, as soon
as possible; that whilo reconst.ruct.ini! they wantand
require protection from the Government; that they
are in earnest in wishing to do what tlioy think is
required by the Uoverumoiit not humiliating to
them as eitiKcius."
And, sir, I indorse every word of General
Grant here leeorded ; it was uttered in a spirit
of kindness and it is every word the truth.
They are anxious to do that which is required
by the Constitution and laws, but they aie not
willing to be humiliated,
is it a surprise, sir, that unlawful acts will
occur while these States are bound down by
the prescriptive measures which place such
Legislatures in power over the people? And
yet, sir, there are according to the statistics
of crime few«sr acts of lawlessness recorded in
these States than ?ti the States of the North.
Georgia has always been distinguished for her
moderation and ihe conservative spirit of her
people. In the election for the adoption of
tl.e new reconstructed constitution, although
ft majority of the voters were white men, the
constitution was adopted by a large majority,
and I firmly believe the Democratic candidate
for Governor was elected, and that he was
swindled out of it by illegal and fraudulent
means. But we have borne all of it. in peace.
Listen to what the Governor of Georgia bays
of the recent election in that State;
"The election held on tho 20th, 21st, and 22d of
December last, taken as a whole, was as near a
peaceful, fair, and unbiased expression of public
opinion and preference through the ballot-box as
it is possible to have had in this State at this time.
"So far as my knowledge extends, thero was not
a voting precinct in the State where votes were
objected to, eithor by the managers or by partisan
le.idors, on the ground that the persons oSoring to
voto were colored. All parties and all citizens freely
concedo the right of the black man to tho ballot.
Bat it cannot, and I presume will not bo denied
that in many cases improper and unlawful means
were exercised to compel the colored citizen to cast
ballots of a different character from those cast by a
majority of his race, and 111 opposition to his own
preforenco, but the enthusiastic practice of various
devices to influenco tlio votes of citizens has been
notable, both iu this country and abroad, ever sinco
the elective franchise has been enjoyed; and wo can-
not expect to prove an exception to tho natural
effect of partisan ambition for party success stimu-
lated by personal desire for onicial position. The
groat contest in this and other southern States has
been to secure a universal admission of acquiescence
in tho right of tbo colored man to voto, and this
seems to bavo been fully gained in Georgia. Tho
question of how or for whom tho colored man shall
vote is secondary and local.
"I repeat., that the contest has been to secure from
tho people of our Stato a universal admission of or
acquiescence ill tho right of tlio colored man to civil
and political privileges; and, in tho presence of tho
lato election, no sane man will deny that this desir-
able resui tbas been accomplished. To besure there
have been exceptional cases in parts of tho Stato
where this right has not been fully accorded, but tho
number is comparatively inconsiderable, and should
not bo allowed to prejudico a judgment in favor of
tbo Stato us a whole."
This is the evidence of the Governor of
Georgia. Who has read, sir, without a shud-
der the recent election law passed by the Legis-
lature ot G eorgia, and under which the election
was held? Forthreelongyearsof oppression,
fraud, and maladministration by the Execu-
tive and a so-called Legislature wo have suffered
in silence and prayed for the dawn ot day.
We have suffered long, keenly, sorrowfully,
prayerfully; but, thanks bo to God, I believe
not in vain.
From all our suffering, pain, and tribulation
our friends of tho North have learned a les
sou. They have at last discovered the iron
hand reached out to grasp their liberties and
lo crush the Constitution to atoms. They
have started from their apathy. They have
awiikenod from a dream, and they are cotniog
to the rescue of a torn and broken Constitution.
Tho sun that rises fresh from the mountains
of New Hampshire bids ua hope for the fu-
ture. Tho (lay is at last beginning to dawn
upon us. after years of dark and cheerless
night. You have played wild havoc with the
rights of the States anil the liberties of tho
people long enough, and when they have com-
plained of your inroads and encroachments
upon tho Constitution, you have lulled their
fi-ais to sleep by crying ''Outrages," '• Ivu
Klux," " Rebellion in the South." And while
with one hand you pointed to the glowing pic-
tures and eloquent recitals of wrongs, outrages,
and murders in the South t hat never existed, you
have reached with the other deep down into
the Treasury and taken out and squandered
hundreds of millions of the people's money.
You have not only impoverished the States of
the South, but you have levied heavy, bur-
densome, and enormous taxes upon the peo-
ple of the North. You have not only taken
possession by force of arms of the elections
and prostituted the elective franchises in the
States of the South, but elated with your
temporary success in those downtrodden and
oppressed districts, you have boldly dared to
try the experiment with the loyal States of the
North. It is fresh iu the memory of every
member of this House how the President
attempted to take possession of the ballot-
box in the Slate of New York at the recent
election in that State, and by force of arms,
by the " moral effect of his guns," carry the
election in the interest of his own faction.
Sir, 1 thank God that there are but few things
in this world out of which we cannot get some
good. During the six years since the war, and
while at every step made by tho majority of
this House in its wicked march of reconstruc-
tion, you were told by the small but devoted
band of Democrats that these unconstitutional
measures would one day comeback upon you.
You were told that these same acts would in
the future serve as precedents to be used by
some party or faction to deprive even the
loyal States of their rights under the Constitu-
tion. But who so credulous, sir, as to believe
this prophecy would so soon be verified? It
was ail right to override and to sneer at the
rights and liberties of a conquered people;
all right to send the soldiers of the United
States to browbeat and bully the people of
poor downtrodden Georgia; all right to cre-
ate mob<, under the name of militia, composed
of cut throats, thieves, robbers, and scoun-
drels, to seize and control the ballot-boxes of
unfortunate North Carolina, and place m power
such monsters of moral depravity as Holder.,
Bergen, and Kirk; all right to deprive the peo-
ple in all these States of the South of the right
to think freely, to speak freely, and to vote
freely. All these outrages were tolerated,
countenanced, indorsed; but when in the last
election in New York your President thought
proper to send over a few soldiers to awe tho
people and give his friends in that State the
"moral support of his guns" the American
people stood aghast.
Mr. Speaker, the Republican party has taken
a stride too far. Tho sending of those troops
to control the elections in New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Maryland was to you the cross-
ing of the liubicon. You have crossed the
river, you have made tho passage, and this
proposed legislation to-day shows that you are
continuing your invading march. Sir, 1 hope
the House will pause. Why the necessity of
this legislation? Is the President not clothe.-;
with all the necessary powers by the Consti-
tution to enforce the laws and insure peace?
Has it come to the pass that the existence of a
mob of probably not more than twenty men in
any State or in any locality can justify us in this
hurried manner iu investing the President with
this imperial power? 1 ask members to pause.
To day we constitute a high court, and the
already mangled form of the Constitution stands
in trial before us; will you condemn it?
Sir, it is in danger. 1 fear the result; but,
l-hauks to God, there is a higher court, a higher
tribunal to which we may appeal—tho great
tribunal of the American people. To them we
may appeal to reverse the decision, and to
restore the Constitution to its pristine purity.
Mr. Speaker, I appeal to this House to give
my people peace. Give them the peace of lib-
erty ; give thera the peace you promised when
we inaugurated your President; give them the
peace which cau only come from a restoration
of their rights as American citizens.
Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to call the attention
of the House to ono point iu this bill which, to
my surprise, has not been fully developed by
any one of my friends on ibis side of the House.
One of the great fundamental rights of the cit-
izen, and one which has never been denied
by the Government, of Great Britain, is the
right of the accused to be tried by a jury of his
countrymen or his vicinage. In the first sec-
tion of the bill before us, in line eleven, it pro-
vides " that all offenses enumerated in the bill
shall be tried by United Stales courts."
This, sir, deprives from sitting upon juries for
all such trials, and in all the cases to be tried
under the provisions of this bill, every man
who served in any of the armies of the confed-
eracy, and every one who sympathized with
or participated in any way, or in any capacity,
iu the confederate cause. Though he may have
been a youth during the war, and never have
borne arms, yet he is deprived of sittiug upoc
the juries chosen to try ail the cases that may
come under the provisions of this bill. In
doing so you confer on the black not equal,
