1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
alone. I take the ground that, in my opinion,
lies far above the interpretation put upon the
provisions of the Constitution. I stand upon
the broad plane of right; I look to the urgent,
theimportunate demandsof the presentemerg-
ency; and while I am far from advocating any
step not in harmony with that sacred law of
our land, while I would not violate the light-
est word of that chart which has so well guided
us in the past, yet I desire that so broad and
liberal a construction be placed upon its pro-
visions as will insure protection to the hum-
blest citizen, without regard to rank, creed,
or color. Tell me nothing of a constitution
which fails to shelter beneath its rightful power
the people of a country!
I believe when the fathers of our country
framed the Constitution they made the provis-
ions so broad that the humblest, as well as
the loftiest citizen, could be protected in his
inalienable rights. It was designed to be, and
is, the bulwark of freedom, and the strong
tower of defense, against foreign invasion and
domestic violence. I desire to direct your at-
tention to what is imbodied in the preamble,
and would observe that it was adopted after
a liberal and protracted discussion on every
article composing the great American Magna
Charta. And like a keystone to an arch it
made the work complete. Here is what it
declares:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domo.-tic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ord.iin and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America."
If the Constitution which we uphold and
support as the fundamental law of the United
States is inadequate to afford security to life,
liberty,and property — if, I say, this inadequacy
is proven, then its work is done, then it should
no longer be recognized as the Magna Charta
of a great and free people; the sooner it is set
aside the better for the liberties of the nation.
It has been asserted on this floor that the Re-
publican party is answerable for the existing
state of affairs in the South. I am here to
deny this, and to illustrate, I will say that in
the State of South Carolina there is no dis-
turbance of an alarming character in any one
of the counties in which the Republicans have
a majority. The troubles are usually in those
sections in which the Democrats have a pre-
dominance in power, and, not content with
this, desire to be supreme.
I say to the gentlemen of the Opposition,
and to the entire membership of the Democratic
party, that upon your hands rests the blood
of the loyal men of the South. Disclaim it as
you will the stain is there to prove your crim-
inality before God and the world in the day of
retribution which will surely come. I pity the
man or party of men who would seek to ride
into power over the dead body of a legitimate
opponent.
It has been further stated that peace reigned
in the rebellious States from 1865 until the
enactment of the reconstruction laws. The
reason of thi3 is obvious. Previous to that
time they felt themselves regarded as con-
demned traitors, subject to the penalties of
the law. They stood awaiting the sentence of
the nation to be expressed by Congress. Sub-
sequently the enactments of that body, framed
with a spirit of magnanimity worthy a great
and noble nation, proved that, far from a vin-
dictive course, they desired to deal with them
with clemency and kindness. This merciful
plan of action proved to Be a mistake, for
cowardice, emboldened by the line of policy
•jf the President, began to feel that judgment
■ong delayed meant forgiveness without repent-
ance. Their tactics were changed, and again
v. warlike attitude was assumed, not indeed
lirectly against the General Government, but
against those who upon southern soil were yet
the staunch supporters of its powers. Thus is
it evidejt that if only the props which support
such a fabric could be removed the structure
must necessarily fall, to be built again by other
hands. This is the animus of the Iiu Klux
Klan, which is now- spreading devastation
through the once fair and tranquil South.
If the country there is impoverished it has
certainly not been caused by the fault of those
who love the Union, but it is simply the result
of a disastrous war madly waged against the
best Government known to the world. The
murder of unarmed men and the maltreating
of helpless women can never make restitution
for the losses which are the simply inevitable
consequence of the rebellion. The faithfulness
of my race during the entire war, in supporting
and protecting the families of their masters,
speaks volumes in their behalf as to the real
kindliuess of their feelings toward the white
people of the South.
In conclusion, sir, I would say that it is in no
spirit of bitterness against the southern people
that I have spoken to day. There are many
among them for whom I entertain a profound
regard, having known them in former and
brighter days of their history. I have always
felt a pride in the prestige of my native State,
noted as she has been for her noble sous, with
their lofty intellect or tried statesmanship.
But it is not possible for me to speak in quiet
and studied words of those unworthy her
ancient and honorable name, who at this very
day are doing all they can do to deface her
fair records of the past and bring the old State
into disrepute.
I can say for my people that we ardently
desire peace for ourselves and for the whole
nation. Come what will, we are fully determ-
ined to stand by the Republican party and
the Government. As to our fate, "we are
not wood, we are not stone," but men, with
feelings and sensibilities like other men whose
skin is of a lighter hue.
When myself and colleagues shall leave
these Halls and turn our footsteps toward our
southern homes we know not but that the as-
sassin may await our coining, as marked for
his vengeance. Should this befall, we would*
bid Congress and our country to remember
that 'twas—
" Bloody treason flourish'd over us."
Be it as it may, we have resolved to be loyal
and firm, "and if we perish, we perish 1 " I
earnestly hope the bill will pass.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, being
for the first time a member of this body I had
not expected to participate actively in its dis-
cussions during the short session that we all
expected we should have, and but for the
change in events that has occurred within the
last few days I should have adhered to my pur-
pose to have been silent and simply a voter.
But I cannot allow the opportunity to pass
when I see a measure fraught with evils and
with the mischief that I believe are embodied
in the bill now under consideration ; I cannot,
I say, allow the opportunity to pass without
offering my humble protest against its enorm-
ities.
If there has been one fact settled more dis-
tinctly than another by the judgment of this
House, it is that there is nothing in the condi-
tion of the country, nothing in the facts that
have been charged and reiterated as to out-
rages in the South, that requires or demands
the adoption of any such measure. This was
manifested by some four repeated resolutions
of this House to adjourn, in which the Sen-
ate failed or refused to concur. It was again
manifested by the appointment of a committee
of this House to investigate the subject and
inquire into the truth of the charges that had
been made as furnishing that necessity and
the occasion for the passage of this bill. The
appointment of this committee was an expres-
sion of the House that no law should be passed
upon this subject, unless these charges, after
fall investigation, should be sustained by evi-
dence.
Why, sir, men who are now themostzealous,
the most earnest, the most uncompromising
advocates for the passage of this bill, are the
very men in the main who, when the oppor-
tunity was afforded and the means furnished
to prove the truth of these charges, shrank
from doing so, and opposed every proposition
for investigation. On the other hand, I myself,
and the gentlemen on this side of the House,
so far as I have been able to learn their views,
while we believe that there was no necessity
for this committee and for this investigation,
while we believe that it was irregular for Con-
gress to take such a course in reference to the
States, at the same time did not wish to seem
even to shrink from investigation or to give
color to the charge that we were wishing to
cover up or conceal crime. And above all,
we desire to put these earnest advocates of the
measure, those men who never tire of repeat-
ing these charges, to the test of proving them.
How they have shrunk from that task is upon
the record and before the country. They do
not desire investigation ; they are unwilling to
undertake to establish these charges. Why
they are unwilling to do so is easily understood:
it is the fear of failure.
And will this House now, after a minority
of this body has been overruled at every point
in their efforts to force this mischievous meas-
ure upon the House and adopt it without mak-
ing an investigation, will this House now allow
that minority by the reenforcement of an exec-
utive message to overrule the judgment of the
majority? The message, as coming from the
Executive, is entitled to respectful consider-
ation. But I feel authorized to say, and no
man either in this House or out of it will ques-
tion the correctness of the statement, that
the President's message is not accompanied
by a single fact, a single document, or single
paper furnishing any information that was not
as well known to this House before as it is now.
And while I am on this point I wish to ex-
press my high appreciation of the course of
two of my colleagues who belong to the other
side of the House. I refer to .General Farns-
wonTuand Colonel Moore. They have spoken
words of manly independence in vindication
of the Constitution and in vindication of right;
they have refused to bend the supple hinges of
the knee ; they have set an example worthy of
imitation, and have shown us all how a man
can be a partisan without ceasing to be a
patriot.
The first section of this bill is one to which
I shall give little attention, although I disap-
prove it. It is a provision for dragging persons
from their homes, from their neighbors, and
from the vicinage of the witnesses for the re-
dress of private grievances to the Federal courts.
Such a law, in instances where the parties and
the witnesses are poor, amounts practically to
a denial of justice. Without the means to sup-
port themselves or their witnesses in travel or
in stay around the Federal courts, they will be
brought like lambs to the slaughter.
The second section of this bill is but a pro-
vision for the punishment of crimes known to
the common law and are punished by the laws
and the tribunals of every State.
The third section is an attempt to convert the
acts of individuals into crimes of State, and
makes such acts" a pretext for usurping the
powers of a State and subverting its authority
and its right to protect its own citizens. The
third section is a qualified war power, and pro-
vides for the administration of justice in time
of peace with the bayonet and the sword.
The fourth section proposes to give the Ex-
ecutive an unlimited and unqualified war power ;
to give to him the right, under circumstances
to be judged of by himself, to suspend all civil
law and to establish martial law, which every
lawyer and every intelligent citizen knows is
but the will of the commander, growing out
of the necessities of the case; and all civil
law is at an end. That is what the fourth sec-
tion proposes.
Mr. Speaker, I propose now to address uij-
