1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
Representatives of the people are to be passive
spectators of this imperial display of power
until the time for the regular sessions of Con-
gress.
Sir, this bill from the beginning to the end,
is founded on mistrust of the State govern-
ments, mistrust of the people, an utter want
of confidence in the moral and intellectual
fitness of the people for self-government.
Either this is true, or it originated from mo-
tives and for purposes still more discreditable
to the human heart. If there is a real neces-
sity for this measure; if life, liberty, and prop-
erty can no longer be protected by civil law in
this country; if, indeed, it is necessary now to
lay the fouudation for the government by the
sword and the bayonet in all the States of this
Union, with no limit but the executive will,
then is our republican form of government a
failure, and to pass this bill is to Confess it
before all the world.
Whoever, as a Representative in this House,
in view of the high trust committed to him and
in view of the solemn guarantees of an oath to
support the Constitution of the Republic, is
prepared to make this confession may do so,
if he will, but I hope never to see the day that
I shall be called upon to make a confession so
humiliating and painful. Those who so believe
are necessarily prepared to invoke some new
power, some new agent of Government un-
known to the Constitution, to perform the gov-
ernmental functions heretofore intrusted by
the Constitution and laws to the States. This
bill and our system of government cannot
both stand; the one must be rejected or the
other must be destroyed.
In the fourth section of this bill, which gives
to the President the largest measure of power
in its most absolute form, there is a limitation.
The section is to have effect only until 1872.
If the act is constitutional and a mere measure
of legislation, if it is safe and consistent with
the genius of a free government, if it furnishes
better guarantees for the protection of the
property, lives, and liberties of the people,
why this limitation? Did n'ot the gentleman
who framed this bill feel that he was treading
upon fearful ground, that it was best to feel
liis way cautiously ; or was it the result of the
recoil of the shock consequent upon the con-
ception of this hydra-headed monster?
Let me say to the advocates of this measure
that the eyes of the people are upon us. They
will look through all the special pleading em-
ployed and legal fictions invented to support
and justify this measure. They will compre-
hend the designs of those who, in the name of
humanity, of liberty, and justice added this
amendment to the Constitution, and so inter-
pret it now as to convert it into a weapon for
the destruction of the liberties of all the peo-
ple! They will understand the object of this
sudden clamor of lawlessness and outrage in
the South. They demand of this Administra-
tion an account of its stewardship, and they
will neither be misled nor silenced by this Ku
Klux cry 1
These charges are easily made, and not
always easily disproved. When one of the
most distinguished Senators of the Republican
party charges the President with heading a Ku
Klux enterprise on the coast of San Domingo
it is not strange that we should hear such
charges made against the people of the South.
The Massachusetts Senator has had the fair-
ness to submit with his charge the evidence
upon which he makes it, while those who charge
these Ku Klux outrages refuse all investiga-
tion and all proof. The people will see in this
measure what it in fact is, a bold and desper-
ate effort for the continued ascendency of the
party now in power, a weapon to be used to
turn back the tide of public condemnation that
has set in against this Administration.
Sir, the people demaud economy in the
Government and fidelity in public servants.
They demand that vultures and cormorants no
longer be allowed to prey and fatten upon the
public domain. Above all, they demand that
the tariff shall be reduced to a strict revenue
standard, and that the laborer shall no longer
be the toiling, ill-rewarded slave of the capital-
ist. They ask an equalization of the burdens
of the Government, and, to quote from my
friends on the other side, they ask that Con-
gress shall no longer deny to the people the
equal protection "of the laws." Their de-
mands have got to be met. You cannot draw
the people of this country away from them by
getting up a fictitious issue and attempting to
revive sectional strife and discord and lash
into fury the passions of the people.
These demands will confront you at every
step; they will not down at your bidding. They
must be met and answered. When and how
they shall be answered is to-day the anxious
inquiry in the household of every laboring
man in this broad land. Nowhere is this de-
mand more emphatic than in the State of Illi-
nois and the other States of the great North-
west. If this bill shall pass, and the people
still remain without relief, the many still taxed
to enrich the few, what must be the answer of
the Representatives to their constituents, more
especially in the agricultural States? "All your
demands have been disregarded—your inter-
est ; but we have done that which you did not
desire—passed a Ku Klux bill, a criminal code
for all the States, North as well as South. You
asked for bread, we have given you a stone; you
asked for a fish, we have given you a serpent.
We your Representatives have surrendered
the charter of your liberties and have laid the
whole power of the Government at the feet of
the Executive. What remains to you hereafter
of your institutions and liberties you are to
receive as a favor from the President and not
as a matter of right. We have done all this,
too, in the name of liberty, and at the same
time have refused to extend amnesty to the
people of the South who are under disabilities
on account of political offenses, and dooming
thousands upon thousands of our own race to
perpetual alienage in the land of their birth."
Such an answer will be received with scorn
and indignation, and the people will harl from
power and place those who have thus betrayed
them.
But, Mr. Speaker, I hope for better things.
I hope and believe there is still patriotism
enough in this House, in this Congress, to rise
above executive dictation and party influences
and to stamp this bill with the condemnation
it deserves.
Mr. HOLMAN. If no other gentleman
desires to address the House, I will move, in
accordance with the understanding arrived
at in the House to-day, that the House now
take a recess until eleven o'clock on Monday
morning next.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at nine o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until eleven o'clock a. m.
of Monday next.
MORNING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at eleven
o'clock a. m., (Monday, April 3, 1871.)
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 320, to enforce
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes, upon which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roosevelt] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, there has
been an impression given, or attempted to be
given, not only by the remarks that have fallen
from gentlemen in this House, but from the
papers representing the Republican party
throughout the country, that the Democracy
was inherently opposed and inimical to the
colored race. And this bill might well be called
an act to create a feeling of friendship and
affection in the Democracy and the Demo-
cratic heart toward the colored man.
Now, I desire to say, for myself individually
and for the constituents I represent, that the
Democracy is not unfriendly, is not opposed
to the colored race, nor has it ever been, from :
the earliest history of its existence iu this
country down to the present time.
Before sentimentality usurped the place of
common sense, and while paganism was con-
sidered a crime, who was it but the Democracy
that sent their ships across three thousand
miles of ocean to the realms of barbarcras
Africa, in order to import thence a gentleman
who, in his native state, had not attained to any
great degree of cultivation or happiness, and
whose future was worse than precarious ? It was
the great Democracy who, to bring the negro
from that unexplored continent, incurred the
perils of the "vasty deep," who with him en-
dured the sufferings of the "middle passage,"
and while he was rotting below, were stew-
ing on deck. When he arrived in this country
it was the Democracy who introduced him into
cultivated and refined associations, who offered
to him all the advantages that the whites had
acquired in many years of study, who made
him acquainted thoroughly, both theoretically
and practically, with the duty, the dignity, the
nobility of labor, and who, in order that he
might not grow too proud, in order that he
might not lose amid the advantages and attrac-
tions of civilization that humility which is the
crowning quality of Christianity, set him to
labor, not for himself, but for them.
It may be that the Republicans will endeavor
to arrogate to themselves the larger portion
of the credit of this great work. It may be
they will insist that the ships which brought
the negro from Africa were mainly ships be-
longing to Massachusetts, and fitted out ip
that Radical State; they will probably claim
that they only parted with their colored brother
and sold him South because the cold, harsh
climate of New England was not suited to his
full .development; and consequently they may
contend that either it was Republicans who
brought the negro here, or else that they were
ouce good Democrats themselves. We have
heard gentlemen on the floor of this House
asserting, not only that they once were Demo-
crats, but one of them has gone so far as to
maintain that he was a leader of the Democ-
racy.
It is perfectly natural that gentlemen Should
endeavor in every manner possible to palliate
and excuse the fact of their being Republicans,
to extenuate their faults by saying that they,
too, were once Democrats, and that they should
appeal for some mitigation of judgment under
the comforting suggestion contained in the
words of the poet:
"You may break, you may shatter the vase, if you
will,
But the scent of the roses will hang round it'still."
Surely the perfume of Democracy hanging
around the Radicals, especially those who upon
this floor are striving to impose martial law.
upon a country which has heretofore boasted of
its liberty and its horror of tyranny, is some-
thing tending to give them a more pleasant savor
than they would otherwise possess.
But whether the Republicans or the Demo-
crats introduced the negro to this country—and
I am ready to admit that our adversaries had a
hand in the operation to by far the largest
extent, and that the godly people of Massa-
chusetts made a vast deal of money out of the
trade, as they always succeed in making out of
their devotion to loyalty and Christianity—it
was left to the Democrats to make the best of
him and do what they could with a personal
relationship which, while it was protected by
the Constitution, was antagonistic to the scope
of our institutions, the prosperity ofoureountry,
and the feelings of our people. They may not
always have pursued the wisest course under
such circumstances, but they acted according
to the dictates of their judgment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am free to admit that
the Democracy was somewhat disappointed in
