1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
42d Gong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Goliad,ay.
Ho. of Reps.
power 13 in itself an act of sovereignty, and can only
be made by the constituent body in whom the ori-
ginal power resides, or by its express authority."
But. sir, the principle is too old and well
established in general law to be denied. A
trustee cannot delegate powers conferred alone
on him, an agent cannot do so without a
power of substitution. The principle is plain,
and for obvious reasons. But, sir, while such
is the law, if the President should see proper
to claim and exercise the power which the
bill awards him, it will then be too late to talk
of constitutional rights and law. Inter arma
leges silent is a maxim the people of this
country well understand by sad experience.
ku klux laws.
I pass from the constitutional views to other
considerations. Mr. Speaker, have we not the
"civil rights bill," passed in I860 over the
veto of President Johnson, in full force? Have
we not a law, passed May 31, 1870, to catch
and punish the Ku Klux V Why not enforce
that? I beg to read it:
"Seo. G. And be it further enacted, That if two or
more persons shall band or conspire together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this aet, or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizen witli intent to prevent or hin-
der his free exercise and enjoyment of any right or
piivilege granted or secnrcd to him by the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States, or because of his
having exercised the same, such persons shall be
held guilty of felony, and onconviction thereof shall
be fined or imprisoned, or both, at the discretion of
the court; the line not to exceed $5,000, and the im-
prisonment not to exceed ten years, and shall, more-
over, be thereafter ineligible to and disabled from
holding any office or place of honor,profit, or trust
created by the Constitution or laws of the United
States."
And have we not all the laws in force which
Washington and Ins wise advisers had when
domestic violence and insurrections prevailed
in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts? Have
we not all the laws which President Lincoln
required during the rebellion? And, still more,
is there a southern State to be found which
has not upon its statute- books the fiercest laws,
and which are daily given in charge to grand
juries? It is not law we need, and still less
martial law, which would unsettle the peace
of the land.
NECESSITY OP THE MEAStlKE.
Iti the brief limits allowed me I cannot go
further into the special and constitutional ques-
tions which the bill suggests. I ask, Mr.
Speaker, who is urging this measure of further
reconstruction? Who demands at the hands
of Congress a code of criminal laws covering
every grade of misdemeanor and felony known
in the land ? We were told when we assembled
here that the President had no communication
to make us. Four times have we voted to ad-
journ, and all the facts were in existence and
in print, which it is said, make the necessity
for this bill. We passed proper measures for
a committee of investigation to go South and
report upon the true condition of things. But
now, sir, our action is to be reversed. We are
invited to convict and hang, and investigate
hereafter.
We have heard the reports of military com-
manders who investigated the South, from the
President himself when a great military cap-
tain down through all the lesser grades, and
butone account is given, thatof gei.gral peace,
law, and order; far greater thac could have
been expected throughout the southern States;
an earnest and faithful effort on the part of
her people to restore their broken fortunes and
rebuild their common country.
We have heard read the messages of ten
Governors of the eleven States lately in rebel-
lion, and orderand prosperity are fastregaining
their ancient supremacy. No State through
any of ics legitimate channels is asking for this
measure; no long petition, signed by outraged
and oppressed people, is here.
42r> Howfi. IktRess.—No. 11.
Sir, there are some in our midst who will
never have done with the process of recon-
struction, some who are largely responsible
for the ills which come upon us by their utter-
ances and advice in the trying time, and some
who will never be contented until they behold
the.grave of the South dug and its corpse let
down to the sleep that knows no waking. I
hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a document
furnished me in regard to my own beloved
Tennessee, which was never published that I
am aware in any of our papers, and which I
never saw until coming here, and which I
beg leave to read and have printed with my
remarks:
"Fokty-Fikst Congress op the United States,
"Washington City, I). 0., February 15,1870.
Hon. B. F. Butler,
Chairman /reconstruction Committee:
"As Representatives from the State of Tennessee
in the Forty-First Congress, in behalf of ourselves
and our constituents, we submit the following prop-
ositions and earnestly press their immediate con-
sideration upon your committee:
*'1. We submit that the power now controlling the
State of Tennessee is wholly illegal and revolution-
ary, brought about by fraud and violence in contra-
vention of the constitution of the State as reorgan-
ized by Congress.
" 2. That the present State governmentof Tennes-
see is wantiDg in the great and essential requisite of
good government without which peace and happiness
are impossible, to wit, the proper protection ot the
properly and the lives of its citizens.
"3. The State government of Tennessee as now
constituted and revolutionized has never had any
recognition by the Government of the United States,
and we ask that Congress take immediate steps to
provide for us a government, republican in form,
that will conduce to the happiness of and welfare
of all its people,
"4. AVe ask that you supplement this work with an
act for the enforcement of the third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution ot the
United States."
I want the people of Tennessee to see and
read it. Who are they that thus represent us
and ask our reconstruction ? To whom is this
appeal directed? To the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler] who to-day, in
his great campaign speech, intended for the
North alone and to cement his party, made his
appeal from the dead body of John Brown and
announced that his soul would keep marching
on, in order to arouse and inflame passions,
and was cheered by men professing to be
southern Representatives on this floor, who
thus testified their approbation of Brown's
invasion of the Old Dominion and the inaugu-
ration of civil war, which culminated in the
humiliation and destruction of the once bright
and happy land of the South. Who made this
appeal? ''Oh, Clifford! do you seek the fault-
less blood of pretty Rutland?" Sir, I read
their names assigned : Samuel M. Arnell, W.
B. Stokes. W. P. Prosser, Lewis Tillman, W.
J. Smith, 'Horace Maynard.
Mr. Speaker, I am reminded by history
that—
"ARoman sworder and banditto slave,
Murder'd sweet Tully; Brutus' bastard hand
Stabb'd Julius Cajsar; savage islanders,
Pompcy the Great: and Suffolk dies by pirates.
Poor Tennessee ! just emerging from wreck
and ruin, storm-swept, blood-drenched, and
plundered, attempting to lift her sorrow-
stricken crest once more amid the sisterhood
she had done so much to honor, nursing upon
her lap sweet memories of her noble sons
who renderedimmortal King's Mountain, New
Orleans, Bmuckfau, Monterey, and the hun-
dred battle-fields through all the savannas of
the South in the late dark conflict must yet
endure the dagger in the hands of those claiming
to be her children by birth and by adoption.
Far back in primeval time, when the illustrious
old patriarch Noah was distraught with the
fullness of his vineyard, there was a child who
jeered and gibed at his misfortunes. But two
were found who, taking a garment upon either
shoulder, approached his filial presence with
averted eyes and loving hearts and ministered
to his distress. Manhood came again to him,
and across the centuries has come the curse
which fell upon the undutiful Canaan as also
the blessing which he bestowed upon Shem
and Japheth 1
Sir, let this record which I have read be
filed in the archives of my native State, and
when her history shall be written we can antici-
pate on what page she will record the names
of those of her children just called over!
What had she done? Where were the lists of
names asking for Tennessee to be again dis-
mantled which should have accompanied this
document issued by men professing to repre-
sent the State? All that Tennessee had done
at this time was to prepare a constitution re-
storing to citizenship and the ballot those of
lier children who had been deprived by Rad-
ical legislation because they had stood by her
institutions and those of the South when the
invader was marching against her breast.
Mr. Speaker, there is a cause for such con-
duct, and love of office and power is no new
thing in history. We are gravely told on this
floor by some of the speakers that we of the
South denounce all the North ; that anorthern
man cannot come safely among us. Sir, I de-
nounce the charge as false and slanderous upon
our people. In our midst we have immigration
aid societies, urging and appealing to the over-
stocked North to send us men; men who will
come among us to become identified and help
the Commonwealth grow with bis brains, mus-
cle, andcapital. We wantthem, weinvitethem,
and extend a hearty welcome to all such. It
is not such we call carpet-baggers.
Gentlemen have complained in this debate
that every man of the North coming among us
is dubbed with the name of " carpet-bagger."
Sir, they have an entire misconception of the
meaning of theterm as used among our people.
A carpet-bagger is one who has not even a ear-
pet-bag in which to pack his all. He comes
among ns to manipulate tlie Loyal Leagues,
control negro voters, and get office. He comes
among us to breed dissensions, provoke strife,
and make capital for the life of his party North
by exciting to bloodshed and outrage. His mis-
sion is not oue of peace and love, and when he
can no longer succeed in getting office he is at
once a bird of passage. He has no idea of
eating his bread in the sweat of his brow, or
turning an honest penny by some judicious
labor. How he arrives, whether foot-back
or upon the charity of a free pass from some
immigration society, is not always easily told.
His baggage is done up in a bundle, and in
obedience to that old-time notice of hotels,
that "passengers without baggage must pay
iu advancehe puts up his bundle with the
landlord as baggage. He starts out to find
some "truly loil" resident who can instruct
him as to the presidency of the Loyal League.
He introduces himself by signs and grips into
the confidence of such. He finds out whether
there is to be an election soon. It matters
little about the salary of the office, jf there is
any money to pass through his official hands;
he knows he can provide for himself. He vis-
its the League, and becomes a candidate; he
repairs to his hotel and unfolds his bundle,
consisting of a few orders from the "Freed-
men's Bureau," a picture or two of John
Brown, an old flaxen duster which has not
seen the washerwoman since it was purchased
or picked up in the purlieus of some northern
city, and an old brass spur perhaps "lifted"
from the War Department as he passed through
Washington to see if he could not get a troop
of the Army to protect him on his visit South.
He gets into office, robs the people, and flees
the land, because, as he claims, it is no longer
safe by reason of the Ku Klux. Methink3 I
see him now as he arrives in Washington. His
eyes are meekly lifted toward that great man-
sion at the other end of the avenue. He starts
for the White House, and enters the presence
