162
APPENDIX TO TEDS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bird.
42d Coxg. ... 1st Suss.
of our excellent President singing that plain-
tive old melody—
"Hero, Lord, X give myself away,
'T is all that I can do."
He recites the hobgoblin stories of the ter-
rible Ku Klux; and 1 fancy now I can see the
eyes of the President overrun with tenderness,
and hear the dulcet notes, as they resound
softly and comfortingly through the fretted
ceilings and rich tapestries of that splendid
'mansion :
"Comerestin this bosom, ray own stricken doer;
Though the herd hath lied fiom tlioe thy home is
stilt here.
Here still is the smile which no cloud can oVrc.:mt,
And the heart and the hand all thine own to the
last."
Yes, sir, a mission to Pernambuco or Tim-
buetoo is soon arranged, or a post oflice South,
and the glorious openings for future promotion
in the glorious isle of San Domingo are dis
cussed with bounding hopes. Blessed carpet-
bagger! In the North you found it hard to
steer clear of jails and penitentiaries, but hav-
ing visited the land of Ku Iiluxes thou art free-
dom's now, and fame's, one of the few—to be
provided for!
For such characters as these is it any wonder,
Mr. Speaker, that the South has no more love
than the North? Are we not bone of your bone
and flesli of your flesh, and shall wo be turned
into a Botany bay? And the scalawag is the
eounterpartof such a character as I have drawn,
only he is a plant of native growth—an excres-
cence on the body politic, sent to lill out some
wise design not yet discovered in the book of
fate.
Mr. Speaker, when it is remembered that
the war heaved to its deepest depth the struc-
ture of southern society, and suddenly changed
the education and practices of ft century, we
are astonished that (he South has done so well
and made such strides toward redemption.
What a contrast she offers with France, now
free of the invader, but yet vomiting blood
and heaving ill untold throes of misery and
agony.
The problem for adjusting all troubles South
is simple and plain. Strange all do not see it.
" The world is governed too much." Give ua
amnesty, extend to us the right hand of fellow-
ship, and lift us up from the degradation and
humiliation of enemies, and make us brothers
by restoring coulidenee and good will. Then,
sir, shall we be happy, and not until then.
Sir, I am reminded of an illustrious incident
in history, in the record of an old Indian chief.
When General Jackson had conquered the
Creeks, and when tlieir old leader and chief,
Weathersford, stood a captive iu*his presence,
General Jackson told him iiis nation and peo-
ple could be saved by submitting in good faith
to the Government of the United States. The
answer of the chief was that ho desired peace
and order, that his people might be relieved
of their sufferings. Said he:
"Sir, my warriors enn no looser hear my voico;
their bones are at XallcdcKa, KmuclU'.ui, and Toho-
neka. I Imvn not surrendered myself thoughtlessly.
White there were chances of success, 1 never left
my post nor sued lor pence, But my people ai eRonc,
and my braves are dead, and t now ask it for my
nation and myself. On tiie miseries and misfor-
tunes brought upon my country! look back with
deepest sorrow, and wish to avei t stilt Krea tor calam-
ities. You will exact no terms of a conquered peo-
ple but such as they should accede to, toi you are
brave and generous I And if they arc opposed, you
shall find me among the sternest cnloreers ot obedi-
ence. Those who would still hold out can bo iuilu-
enced only by a mean spirit ot revenue, and to this
they must not and .-.hall not saci itice the remnant of
their country. You h-ivo told our people, go and
be forgiven and be sale. And, sir, they shall listen
to it."
May X not be permitted, Mr. Speaker, to
add that such is the true spirit, caught fiom
a southern-born lype, of every son of the South
who adhered to her fortunes in the great war,
and express the hope we may all learn wisdom
and practice it, as caught from these two illus-
trious men, and cease this insensate and fanatic
cry, "John Brown's body lies buried in the
ground, but his soul keeps marching on?"
Let hira sleep in that charnel-house of death
which he invoked and earned by his bloody
hands and crimes, and let the great American
Union, with its noble Constitution, march on
to that day, foretold in prophecy, when—
"No more the sun shall gild the rising morn
Nor evening Cynthia fill her silver horn.
But lost, dissolved, in one superior ray,
O'erflow tho courts of earth and heaven 1"
Sir, Philip of Macedon educated with the bay-
onet the once free and glorious land of Greece,
but it was found, when his instructions were
completed, that the cold and clammy haud
of death was on her brow! The nations of
Europe educated with force the free-born ideas
of the once fair land of Poland, but the lec-
turu-room was at once exchanged for the dis-
mal vaults of the grave! England has for
years been educating unhappy Ireland with
the bayonet, and, sir—
"The harp that once through Tara's halls
The soul of music shed
Now hangs as muto on Tara's walls
As if that soul were fled."
Let us profit by such examples lest we be
called to stand beside the fratricidal grave of
the South, in which will be found buried love,
freedom, and all we hold dear to our hearts 1
Restore tho South to amnesty and equality,
and let her rest from persecution and oppres-
sion ! Our embassadors bring you the same
tidings which the British embassadors carried
to the Horaan patrician in that celebrated let-
ter called "The groans of Britain." "The
barbarians," said they, "on the one hand
chase us into the sea, the sea, on the other,
throws us back on the barbarians, and we have
only tiie hard choice left ns of perishing by the
sword or the waves." And so we say, "The
Radicals, carpet-baggers, and negro stupidity
chase ns upon the rocks of reconstruction, and
reconstruction chases ua back into their hands,
and we are to be left to die either by misrule
or the sword of martial law." Keject the bill
and give us peace.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN T. BIRD,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In tiik House op Representatives,
April 5, 1871.
The Houso having under consideration the bill
(II. It. No. 320) to enforou tho provisions of tho
fourteenth amendment to tho Constitution of tho
United States, and for other purposes—
Mr. BIRD said:
Mr. Speaker; In a matter of so much im-
portance as this, it is extremely desirable that'
every step should be in the right direction ;
not simply that the rights of citizens are to be
enforced, but because of the mode proposed
to enforce them, whether the original bill intro-
duced by the select committee or the amend-
ments just ottered be considered. As much
has been said respecting the political or party
aspects of this question, I must beg leave to
remark, as a Democrat, that I am serving my
party best by striving to faithfully serve my
country lirst.
Mr. Speaker, the history of our country, re-
affirming what has appeared in all ages, has
taught, us that, it is easier to conquer than to
govern. To secure the affection, good will,
and confidence of a large portion of a country
subdued by the other portion by the sword
lias in many instances been both perplexing
and protracted. As in our own case, success
has not always followed in accordance with
the amount of effort. Manifestly too much
interference often results in mischief. This
discussion in the House, full six years after
the close of the late war, demonstrates this.
What constant interference we have had, on
the part of the Federal Government with one
section of the Union, tending to disorder and
confusion, strife and bitterness! From this
interference have sprung those altercations
between individuals which all good men de-
plore. You may insist, sir, that this inter-
ference was necessary for the accomplishment
of the purposes you had in view; but beyond
all doubt it was for the time being, and to the
extent it was carried, a subversion of the prin-
ciple of self-government, or government by all
the people. I do not complain, I only state a
fact. The people of the South were not all
consulted. To state the case truly, it will
appear that while large portions who had been
accustomed to vote and to rule were disfran-
chised, the slaves, who never before cast a
ballot, were enfranchised.
In conquering as the North conquered the
South no candid man will deny that wounds
are always inflicted and bitter feelings always
provoked, to overcome which time is always
necessary. In my opinion justas these wounds
were healing and these bitter feelings passing
away the reconstruction acts were passed, to-
tally subverting the order of things as it had
existed in all that section from the creation of
the Federal Government. The majority may
have deemed these measures wise and neces-
sary, yet these wounds were thereby opened
afresh and this bitterness of feeling again
aroused. Compare the present relation of the
two races in the South with their relation to
each other prior to the war, or prior to March,
1807, and consider the legislation and the mil-
itary force used to produce the change, and then
it will not seem wonderful that there has been
and is more or less feeling in some sections
of the South.
Mr. Speaker, in declaring what this disease
of the body-politic is, in ascertaining and pro-
nouncing upon the causes or difficulties which
lead thereto, I am not to be charged with fos-
tering the disease itself. It is not to be said,
if I present to this House the origin of the late
war between France and Prussia, that I there-
by sustain either the one or the other. Nor
is it to be charged on the Democratic party,
because its leaders declare what are some or
all of the causes of the alleged troubles and
outrages in the South, that they therefore sup-
port or encourage these outrages. As heartily
as any man can, I denounce these outrages.
In the name of justice I denounce them. In
the name of the Democratic party I denounce
them. In the name of everything that is good,
of civilization, of Christianity, and of religion,
I denounce them. I denounce these lawless
combinations, which it is alleged are doing
violence in the South, whether they are com-
posed of Republicans, Democrats, carpet-bag-
gers, scalawags, black or white, and whether
they combine for the purpose of intimidating
voters at elections or witnesses summoned to
attend to court, or to prevent grand jurors or
others acting in the discharge of their duties.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am exceedingly curious
to know how learned gentlemen who propose
to enforce this bill will enforce it. Supposing
that every provision is within the limitations
of the Constitution, how, then, under these
provisions, can you reach the combinations of
men contemplated ? We have been told that
in North Carolina alone are sixty thousand Ku
Klux. In enforcing the provisions of any law
it is important 10 know the individuals against
whom it is directed. Who knows one of the
Ku Klux? I have inquired of the gentlemen
from the South if they have ever seen a Ku
Klux. Not one of them has. Although there
are so many of them, how will you enforce the
harsh provisions of this bill? Suppose \ou
place in General Grant's hands all the absolute
