isn.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bird.
Ho. of Reps.
power which will be secured by the third and
fourth sections, and place a regiment of men in
every town of the southern States and at every
crossroads, their carap-fires lighting up the
hill-tops and mountains, can Ihey find any of
these strange individuals, moving about so
mysteriously, known as Ku Klux? Will one
of them be arrested and brought to justice?
Here, sir, I think will appear to the prac-
tical and wise legislator one of the serious ob-
jections to this bill. You pass a law forawise
purpose, but you fail to accomplish the object
in view. Why fail? The Ku IClux, it is said,
are masked whenever they go upon their deeds
of violence. Whenever the hand of justice is
in pursuit of them they retire. I believe it is
understood thej' seldom appear ill ther organ-
ized form except at night. But one instance
has been given, or perhaps two. so far as I have
heard, where they have committed their dep-
redations in the day-time, one of these being a
band going from North Carolina to South Car-
olina, the other being that terrible outrage at
Meridian, Mississippi. There may have been
others, but these are all, after listening attent-
ively to the debate, I have heard named. This
being the character of the men, and their time
of operation being at night, retiring of course,
as they always will, from the presence of sol-
diers, yet, from their knowledge of the country
and their secret habits, committing many
wrongs, if they choose, it is clear that the pro-
visions of this bill will not reach them, not-
withstanding their extraordinary character.
Hence, I say, it is inexpedient for us to pass
any bill containing such provisions.
Let us do something that will be both consti-
tutional and expedient. Harsh means have
been repeatedly tried. The sword was held
over these States for a long period, yet during
that period most of the crimes alleged were
perpetrated. Although the military was pres-
ent in all its plenitude, controlling elections
and giving direction to many of the affairs
of State, yet the fruits have not been satisfac-
tory. Let us, as practical men, desiring to
perfect that sort of legislation which will bring
peace to the country in its true sense, securing
to all their equal rights under the Constitution,
lay this matter to heart. Can we not allay this
strife which the sword always foments and this
bitterness which the presence of armed sol-
diery always promotes? Can we not bring
these troubles to an end, and establish peace
and prosperity instead thereof?
1 think it will be highly expedient for us to
do so. Love and kindness have not yot been
applied. The effect of noble deeds springing
from these sources I might illustrate by an
instance still fresh in the minds of all. Id
shows what kindness will do and what amnesty
would undoubtedly accomplish. Our Pres-
ident when be found himself in difficulty with a
prominent politician of this country, the former
editor of "two papers, both daily," now of
one, sought occasion to allay the bitterness
and estrangement existing, and by an act of
kindness bestowed favors on him whom he
sought for a friend, which he otherwise could
not have enjoyed, and secured his attachment
and support. If this same principle had been
recognized long since in legislation as well as
in politics, I cannot but think there would not
now be a shadow of pretense for these charges
against the South.
Sir, by amnesty what may we not accomplish ?
By kind feelings, demonstrated by generous
action, I am convinced that we may not only
secure the better class of people from one end
of that section to the other in an undisguised
support of all Federal legislation, but also
those who it is alleged are now so dissatisfied
as to provoke discord and turmoil amounting
almost to rebellion. All will then be con-
strained to acknowledge the beneficence of
that legislation which while it protects all
oppresses none, wjjile it advances the interests
of all makes no distinction against any.
Mr. Speaker, I think all history teaches us
that we should not in any sense confer upon
the President the unlimited powers contem-
plated either in the original bill or the one
just submitted by way of amendment. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has just said that any means may be granted.
How comprehensive 1 Why, sir, may I not
ask if that is not going back beyond our Revo-
lution, ignoring all that was then regarded as
sacred; back beyond the days of Charles I,
when the Parliament withstood the king, main-
taining the rights of the people ; back beyond
the years of Henry III ; back beyond the
period when the barons at Hunnymede made
King John grant anew the charter of their
liberties to the people of England?
Mr. DAWES. I would like the gentleman
to put in the qualification which I made—any
means not inhibited by the Constitution itself.
Mr. BIRD. I listened attentively to the
gentleman, but did not observe such qualifica-
tion before. Then, sir, according to the tenor
of this bill, which has the full sanction of the
gentleman, the power is left entirely within
the discretion of Congress. If there be any
constitutional directions and limitations con-
trolling the President, why the unbounded pro-
visions of the third and fourth sections? We
are now told that there are "inhibitions," and
yet Congress allows its zeal to overcome them
all in order to clothe General Grant with all
the implements of power, aggression, and des-
potism. The President, then, is under restraint
without legislation, but by legislation all power
may be invested in him. Have we come to
this? Are our liberties protected only by the
feeble barriers of congressional will? May
sections and States be thus turned over'to the
tender mercies of a hostile hand? Forbid it
Heaven. If so, in the midst of war, in the
midst of rebellion not only, but in the midst
of local strife, as this bill and the discussion
had under it fully and forcibly demonstrate;
in the midst of subversion of law by a few
individuals in counties here and there, Con-
gress, becoming blinded to the interests of the
great mass of the people, in order to punish a
few, surrenders the rights of all.
I sincerely hope no such doctrine will be
countenanced by this House. I cannot think
for a moment that the intelligent gentleman
from Massachusetts, with his knowledge of
law and constitutional principles, with his
high regard for the safety and welfare of the
great mass of the American people, will for
a moment tolerate such doctrine. In every
phase it is unwise and inexpedient. Let indi-
vidual rights be fully protected; but in reach-
ing the individual I would not construct a
bridge which will at last let us all down in the
fathomless abyss of absolutism.
Mr. Speaker, have you considered the scope
and meaning of this bill; its wonderful com-
prehensiveness, and the unlimited exercise of
power which it permits? Let us recount the
provisions of the third and fourth sections
and ask ourselves then if anything is left; if
there are "inhibitions," where are they now
to be considered; if there be reserved powers
or rights, of what value are they? I ask you
to observe, as I read the sections in detail, the
power of determining when the occasion for
his interference with the affairs of a State
arises, conferred on the President, as well as
the power to use force at his own discretion
in controlling those affairs? They are as fol-
lows :
Sec. 3. That in all cases where insurrection,
domestic violence, unlawful combinations, or con-
spiracies in any Sr.ate shall so far obstruct or hin-
der the execution of the laws thereof and of the
United States as to deprive any portion or class
of the people of such State of any of the rights,
privileges, or immunities named in and secured by
this act, and the constituted authorities of such State
shall either be unable to. or shall, from any cause,
fail in or refuse protection of the people in such
rights, and shall fail or neglect, through the proper
authorities, to apply to the President of the United
States for aid in that behalf, such facts shall be
deemed a denial by such State of the equal protec-
tion of the laws to which they are entitled under the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; and in all such cases it shall
be lawful for the President, and it shall be his duty,
to take such measures, by the employment of the
militia or the land and naval forces of the United
States, or of either, or by other means, as he may
deem necessary for the suppression of such insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, or combinations; and any
person who shail be arrested under the provisions
of this and the preceding section shall be delivered
to the marshal of the properdistrict, to bedealt with
according to law: Provided, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized,
if in his judgment it shall be deemed expedient, to
direct voluntary enlistments of any of the militia of
the United States in lieu of all or any part of the
force herein authorized to be employed for the pur-
pose aforesaid for a term of service not exceeding
thirty days after the final adjournment of the next
session of Congress.
Sue. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall bo organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, or when
the constituted authorities are in complicity with,
or shall connive at the unlawful purposes of, such
powerful and armed combinations; and whenever,
by reason of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the
conviction of such offenders and the preservation of
the public safety shall become in such district im-
practicable, in every such case such combinations
shall be deemed a rebellion against the Government
of the United States, and during the continuance of
such rebellion, and within the limits of the district
which shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits
to be proscribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States, when in hi?
judgment the public satety shall require it, to sus-
pend the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, to
the end that such rebellion may be overthrown:
Provided, That the President shall first have made
proclamation, as now provided by law, commanding
such insurgents to disperse : Andprovidedalno, That
the provisions of this section shall not be in force
after the 1st day of J une, A, D. 1872.
Sir, I am only expressing that which could
scarcely be more plainly written than it is,
when I say that it is only for the President to
imagine that the State has not administered
redress at all, or not to the proper extent,
when he may call forth all the forces at his
command, to overrun the supposed recusant,
intractable member of the Federal Union. He
has only to fancy, as he enjoys the comforts
of the White House, and listens to the falsifi-
cations of malignant spirits, that the laws of
the State have not been executed in accordance
with the rights of all, to find an excuse for
trampling her citizens in the dust of humilia-
tion by his martial hosts. Do the majority
seriously contemplate this most momentous
question? Are they willing to cast all the
atfairs of a State so completely at the feet of
one man? Is it quite safe not only to set the
gates ajar, but thus to swing them wide open
to despotic sway?
While it is most desirable that our beloved
country should be preserved from every ap-
pearance of lawlessness and crime, is it not
equally desirable that we preserve the confi-
dence of the people in their capacity for local
self government, and avoid that centralization
of power which is the stepping-stone of mon-
archy? Let the people look at this bill in all
its enormity. I cannot but regard its propor-
tions as truly hideous. I may be mistaken or
biased, but my convictions are that it is im-
possible to conceive of a measure that is more
certainly calculated to swallow up or destroy
all the liberties of the people. Can we find a
parallel to this in the legislative history of any
country pretending to freedom? We have
here an instance of the representatives of the
people of the United States, the last of demo-
cratic republics, voluntarily placing the scepter
in the hands of one man. It is not whether
the President will or not abuse the power con-
ferred and assail the rights of States and indi-
viduals ; the question is, may he if so inclined ?
Sir, I trust the House will indulge me while
