164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. of Beps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bird.
42d Cong 1st Skss.
I call attention to the variety of opportunities
extended to the Prfesident to abuse the power
bestowed. By virtue of the third section, it
devolves upon him to determine what an in-
surrection in any State is, what is domestic
violence, what are unlawful combinations,
what are conspiracies, and whether thereby
the execution of the State laws and United
States laws are obstructed; also, whether or
not such obstruction deprives any man of his
rights, &c., being, you will perceive, the
sole interpreter of the law; also, whether or
not the State authorities shall be unable to, or
shall fail or refuse to protect the people in
their rights, allowing him from the slightest
circumstances or most trivial provocation to
bring down his heel with the force of a tyrant.
And all for what? To enable the President to
consider that such State denies the equal pro-
tection of its laws to all the citizens thereof,
and to employ the Army and Navy within her
borders. Sir, I trust my fears are not well
founded, but I am apprehensive that this sec-
tion is full of peril; that direful dangers may
spring from it greatly to our injury. Upon a
careful reading of the section you will concur
with me that it contemplates the hostility of
the State authorities, and that when the Federal
head, if we may so continue to denominate
the President, interferes, it will be without
the request and against the consent of such
State authorities.
Sir, if we have in mind the passage of this
bill we should most seriously consider the
point here involved. Would any precipitate a
civil conflict ? I would not charge that. But,
sir, suppose the President and the State author-
ities should differ as to what amounted to an
insurrection, or domestic violence, or unlaw-
ful combination or conspiracy, or wbother
the laws were obstructed, or any of her citi-
zens deprived of their rights, would they, the
Stato authorities, bo likely to yield upon a
thirty-days proclamation and allow the Presi-
dent's interpretation to prevail ? 1 think not,
not even the smallest State in the Union. Nor
under such circumstances could any State
be subdued without the total extinction of
civil liberty. You will perceive, sir, that it is
not a question of equal rights of the citizens
or tho equal protection of the laws of the
State, but the proper and just interpreta-
tion of the laws of the State and the applica-
tion of those laws to the existing condition of
things. In every such event the State author-
ties would bo found among the supposed or
alleged insurgents and conspirators, not in
violation of law, not in complicity with any
class of citizens as criminals, but simply in
sustaining their own views as to the just inter-
pretation of the laws. In this view of the case
1 am free to say that this hill is most unwise
and inexpedient, the harbinger of as many
woes as ever afflicted any land.
But, sir, 1 desire further to show how unwise
and inexpedient it will bo for us to pass this
bill. If there be a shadow of truth in the
President's message on this question of ob-
struction to law in the South, or in the wild
declarations on this floor, the President will,
as soon as this bill becomes law, issue a proc-
lamation and then fill each State of the South
with troops. In all sections will the soldiery
appear. Sir, how will this influence the public
mind of States interested ? At first intimida-
tion may follow ; but it will surely produce
hatred of and contempt for them where the
kindest of feelings would otherwise prevail.
Understand, sir, I am speaking of that phase
of the bill which contemplates the hostility or
indifference, if you will, of the State authori-
ties. Sir, if the State authorities of several
States, or even of one, are in this attitude,
believing that they have interpreted their own
laws faithfully or that they are capable of pre-
serving order, Federal interference, the action
of the President, would inevitably create uni-
versal hostility of feeling, rendering both life
and property more insecure and leading ulti-
mately to more bloodshed and ruin, the last
state being worse than the first. I cannot but
look forward with serious alarm when I remem-
ber the temper, language, and accusations in
which this discussion has been carried on by
the Republicans and bitterly reflected by their
newspapers throughout the country.
Sir, what is intended by this but the provo-
cation of disorders and that condition of dis-
satisfaction which will afford some pretext for
drawing the sword? Over and over again, in
gorgeous and frightful imagery, have the Dem-
ocrats been charged with the responsibility
for the alleged outrages throughout the South.
Sir, I unhesitatingly pronounce these charges
as false, base, slanderous, and infamous, and
the authors of them, from whatever motives
they may be prompted, scarcely less excus-
able, and certainly in reality greater enemies
to public peace and order, than the masked
marauders of the South. Can it be that these
men are thoughtless of consequences? Is it
their aim to harass and lacerate until the
whole public mind is inflamed to madness and
desperation? At best it i3 unworthy of the
occasion and our high calling. But, sir, it
does not suffice to characterize it. It must be
borne in mind that this vituperation only
exasperates public feeling and incalculably
increases tho embarrassments of all who would
interpose to remove every semblance of wrong.
I speak of human nature as it is.
Mr. Speaker, I must address myself to
another specific charge. 1 want to show how
charitable the gentlemen on the other side are
and refute a calumny. They have frequently
asserted that tho Democrats desire the aboli-
tion of the recent amendment and the reisn-
slavement of the negro. For what purposes
this charge is made at this time, when in the
same breath they insist that the South is just
now in the throes of another rebellion, 1 will
leave for the reflecting and patriotic to de-
termine. Sir, this charge is as false as its
utterance here is base and malignant. I Can-
not comprehend tho moral state of the head
or heart of some men who have spoken on
this point.
I admit that the Democracy for a long time
opposed negro suffrage; so did all or nearly
all of the prominent Republicans; to name
Mr. Lincoln, Mr. Morton, and General Grant
will satisfy. 1 admit that the Democracy op-
posed tho settlement of this question by con-
gressional action, which in principle was most
emphatically indorsed by tho last Republican
national convention,which nominated General
Grant for President. I admit that the Democ-
racy opposed tho ratification of the fifteenth
amendment, and that since its ratification many
editors and distinguished leaders have reiter-
ated the grounds of their opposition, simply
appealing to passing events for their vindica-
tion; but! most positively deny that the party,
as an organization, has in any sense set itself
up in hostility to the amendment with the view
either to nullify it or to effect it repeal. I ad-
mit that the Democracy, not only because he
was of a race so different and distinct, forbid-
ding everything that belongs to that social
equality essential to a republican form of gov-
ernment, but also because of his unfitness in
consequence of his ignorance, inexperience,
and degradation, deemed it unwise to enfran-
chise the black man ; and, sir, both before
and since, Congress has been called upon,
appealed to, and urged to vote money for
their education and elevation.
I admit that generally the Democrats have
not courted or sought to control the negro vote;
because they foresaw, as thousands of our
opponents have acknowledged and lamented,
the practical operation of suddenly forcing
such a measure, bringing so many inexpe-
rienced persons to take part in deciding grave
questions of State, including the payment and
reduction of the public debt, finances, taxation,
and revenue, would inevitably, if properly
managed, inure to the strength of the party.
Whether, sir, in any or all of these particulars
the party to which I belong has shown itself
wise or unwise, generous or hard-hearted,
patriotic or otherwise, I accept the verdict of
the people, and inquire whence came the in-
fluence that,notwithstanding the Loyal Leagues
were thronged with colored voters, has swelled
the strength of this side of this House at a
bound from sixty to one hundred ? If we are
wrong and misguided, so are the people. If we
are unpatriotic, so are the people. They stand
by and support us.
And, sir, with this rapid political growth and
continued evidences of prosperity, what is the
position of the Democracy toward the colored
man? Are we as partisans opposed to the im-
provement and elevation of the negro? No,
sir. Do we oppose him because he enjoys the
privilege of the ballot or any other privileges
under any of the amendments? No, sir. I
can only express my own sentiments with ab-
solute certainty, but I mostundoubtingly assert
that this great party, which cannot live without
the utmost freedom, without the widest range,
consistent with constitutional limitation ; this
great party, which had its origin among the
people and for the benefit and protection of
the people against all forms of oppression,
this party accepts the situation without further
protest or qualification, and, without slumber-
ing at the post of duty or wasting its strength
in grief because of battles lost, intends to make
the most and best of it, for its own advance-
ment and ihe country's prosperity.
But, sir, I must close; yet I am impelled
to protest against this breech of the Govern-
ment authorizing the President to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus. To'do this, I think,
is simply an outrage upon the memory of our
fathers and the grossest violation of every
principle of constitutional liberty. Sir, as I
read over the third and fourth sections I can
well understand the remark forced from the
lips of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sheli.a-
bargeb,] when he said that this measure went
"to the very foundations of our Government."
Yes, this measure goes to the foundations of
the Government, as an enemy, to undermine
and remove the corner stone thereof, personal
liberty. It must shock the sense of the thought-
ful when it is considered what a mighty stride
has here been taken, what an extraordinary
addition has been made thus suddenly to our
code of laws after our long-continued exist-
ence without them.
Sir, so much being admitted in the outset of
this debate, I cannot fail to urge the inexpe-
diency of enacting any such law so suddenly.
No such laws have been found necessary be-
fore in our history. Our fathers, in the midst
of many trials and adversities, projected and
carried forward the Government, scouring the
equal rights and privileges of all, without any
such intermeddling with States.
On this side of the House it is claimed that
the Constitution confers no such power; on
the other side it is claimed that it is conferred
by the first section of the fourteenth article of
amendments, which reads as follows:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge the privileges or immuni-
ties of citizens ot the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of lite, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of tho
laws."
We insist that this section gives no new
power; that citizens were just as secure befoie
m all the rights, privileges, and immunities
