1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
ated. Thus it will be seen that the sales of the
public lands have been to preemptioners, pur-
chasers at auction, and purchasers at private
entry; and that the donations of public lands
have been to States for purposes of education,
to States and corporations in aid of internal
improvements, and to individuals for military
service, for homesteads, and to discharge sup-
posed obligations to Indians.
results of this legislation.
Let us now inquire into the disposition of
the public lands thus far under these acts
authorizing sales and making donations. And
first, as to sales.
sales.
The total sales for cash, from the foundation
of the Government up to the date of the offi-
cial report for 1870, were 160,588,005.20 acres.
This includes preemption sales, sales at auc-
tion, sales under private entry, and sales under
special acts.
only one HALF sold to actual settlers.
N o separate account is kept in the Land Office
of the number of acres disposed of for cash
under each of these different modes, bat it is
estimated by the officers of the Government
who have conducted this business that about
one half of the whole amount has been sold to
preemption settlers, and that the other half
has been disposed of to persons purchasing
for speculation under the modes before named.
remaining half sold to sharp managers.
In round numbers eighty million three hun-
dred thousand acres of our public lands have
gone directly to actual settlers under the pre-
emption laws, and eighty million three hun-
dred thousand acres have gone to other per-
sons, in large quantities, for speculative pur-
poses.
fraudulent entries in name of settlers.
The estimate of the amount purchased by
actual settlers in farms of one hundred and
sixty acres each may be large, as it is known
that a practice of fraudulent entries exten-
sively prevails under which one man secures
several quarter sections by the use of the
names of persons who have no interest in
the lands preempted in their name, though so
entered by their consent.
donations.
And now as to donations. The largest dona-
tions have been to individuals for military
services, amounting in the aggregate to sev-
enty-three million acres, over sixty millions
of which were donated to soldiers who served
in the Mexican war.
seventy million acres squandered under pre-
tense of benefiting soldiers.
Near all of this vast amount failed to serve
the beneficial purpose for which it was in-
tended by the Government, and the grateful
offering of the nation for heroic services be-
came the plunder of greedy speculators, who,
taking advantage of the needs of the soldier,
purchased his land warrant for a pittance
varying from ten to sixty cents per acre.
only three million acres settled on by soldiers.
Of the entire seventy-three million acres
devoted by Congress to the securing of homes
for the soldiers it is estimated that three mil-
lion acres were actually entered by soldiers,
while the largest estimate of the amount so
entered I have ever heard made is five mil-
lion acres. The remainder, about seventy mil-
lion acres, has gone for the trifling considera-
tion before mentioned to enrich those who had
already an abundance.
swamp and overflowed lands.
The next largest donation was that of all the
swamp and overflowed lands belonging to the
Government in certain States. The amount
thus far selected by the States, and claimed as
swamp and overflowed lands, is 60,459,868.84
acres. The amount of these selections ap-
proved by the Government is 48,349,844.79
aere3. It is estimated that when all the selec-
tions shall have been made under existing laws
the aggregate donation will be over 70,000,000
acres. This estimate will be exceeded unless
Congress shall interfere and define swamp lands
more explicitly than is done in existing laws.
rapacity op operators in these lands.
The operations under this law may be illus-
trated by a single State. Take California for
example. The United States surveyor gen-
eral, through his deputies, in the original sur-
veys of that State, marked and returned the
swamp and overflowed lands. The surveys
made under authority of the State claimed a
much larger quantity than was returned by the
United States surveyor general.
remarkable state legislation.
The State passed a law authorizing claims
to be made to any lands as swamp and over-
flowed that any county surveyor would certify
to possess that character; and in case he would
not certify the affidavit of two persons was to
be taken as sufficient The State disposed of
a large quantity of these lands, certified by
the United States deputy surveyors as arable
land, without reclamation, but ascertained to
be swamp land by the State authorities in the
manner just stated. In 1861 the State caused
a map to be made of the swamp lands it
claimed, and filed the same with the Commis-
sioner of the United States General Land
Office. In 1866 Congress passed an act con-
firming all sales of lands that had been made
by the State up to that date as swamp lands,
whether they were of that character or not,
and provided that the character of the remain-
ing lands claimed as swamp by the State and
not admitted by the United States surveyors
should be contested before the United States
surveyor general.
millions OF acres go to land corporations.
Previous to the year 1867, sales by the State
were limited to three hundred and twenty acres
to one person, but the Legislature of that year
removed that limitation, and the result was
that the swamp lands of the State, amounting
to several millions acres, were immediately
taken possession of by wealthy land corpora-
tions under the provisions of the law thus
modified.
removing the nation's land marks.
They first took the land returned as swamp
and overflowed by the United States deputy
surveyors, and then extended their lines to the
limits of the map filed by the State in 1861.
Not satisfied with this, the State surveyor gen-
eral enlarged the boundaries of the swamp-
land domain, not only drawing a third line of
demarkation between the swamp and dry land
in many cases, but extending the swamp-land
claim into the mountain valleys where irriga-
tion was the only method of "reclamation "
necessary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
IT cvada
Mr. STEWART. I would rather not be
interrupted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I want to know under
what law that took place.
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield to any
interruption. I will answer any questions
when I am through.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is this morning business ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Patter-
son in the chair.) The Chair understands that
the Senator from Nevada has the floor by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. STEWART. Iwill statethatanyinter-
ruption now will destroy the consecutiveness
of my remarks. I will answer any question
when I am through.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely asked what
statute of the State of California the Senator
was referring to ; but if he does not wish to
answer, of course he can refuse to do so.
Mr. STEWART. A statute passed in 1867
or 1868.
relief asked for and due to settlers.
These facts are corroborated by numerous
settlers whose petitions were, during the last
session, presented to both Houses of Con-
gress, praying relief from the effect of these
monstrous pretensions. All these petitioners
were settlers under the preemption and home-
stead laws, and many of them hold patents
from the United States Government for the
lands now claimed as swamp. I have intro-
duced a bill on this subject at the present ses-
sion, which was prepared by the late chairman
of the Committee on the Public Lands of the
House and modified, with his approval, so as
to work no injustice to existing rights, but at
the same time to remedy, as far as is now pos-
sible, this great evil in our land system.
agricclturil college grants.
The donations made in 1862 to the States
for agricultural college purposes will, when
all the States shall have received their quota
underexisting laws, amount to 9,510,000acres.
The States have already received 6,851,989.37
acres. Most of this was entered by specula-
tors, who purchased either the scrip issued by
the United States to States not containing pub-
lic lands or issued by the States which did
contain public lands. Locations under such
scrip previous to J uly 27,18G8, could be made
in unlimited quantities, and most of the scrip
had been entered previons to that time, when
au act was passed limiting the quantity to be
euiered in any one township to three sections.
grants to states to aid internal improvements.
By the act of September 4,1841, there were
granted to certain States named, and to such
States as might thereafter be admitted, 500,000
acres of land in aid of internal improvements,
from which previous grants were to be de-
ducted. This includes all the States, except
Maine, Vermont, West Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Texas, and the original thirteen,
none of which contained public lands. There
have also been granted for the same purpose,
in addition to this, to the State of Ohio,
743,001.77 acres; to the State of Indiana,
1,409,861.61 acres; to the State of- Iowa,
833,079.90 acres, and to the State of Wis-
consin 683,728.43 acres. Various lesser grants
have been made in aid of internal improve-
ments amounting to about 1,000,000 acres.
The total thus disposed of amounts to about
13,660,671.71 acres. This grant has not been
generally well administered by the States. In
the older public-land States some enterprises
for internal improvements were undertaken
which generally were not carried to a success-
ful conclusion, but since the commencement
of the building of railroads a more profitable
use has been made of the lands. In some
cases, on application of the States, the pro-
ceeds of these lands have been diverted to edu-
cational purposes; but, in too many cases, the
States have sold them, not to actual settlers in
small tracts, but in large bodies to capitalists
and speculators.
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections.
From the foundation of the Government, the
sixteenth section in each township of the pub-
lic lands has been donated to the State where-
in it was located for school purposes, and for
many years past the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections of each township have been so
donated. This law extends to all the public
land States, and the game sections are reserved
in the Territories for the benefit of the States
to be erected therein. This munificent dona-
tion for educational purposes amounts to
69,066,802 acres. It is impossible to state
how much of this land has been disposed of
by the States'. In some cases it has been sold
for speculative purposes, but being definitely
fixed as to location it could not be sold iu
large bodies.
As a general rule, however, it is believed
that the donation has proved highly beneficial
and has contributed largely to the support of
common schools.
lands entered under homestead act.
Under the act of 18G2, 15,900,730.46 acres
have been given to actual settlers for bona fide
