404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3.
homes. It will not be denied that this home-
stead act is one of the wisest and most benefi-
cent acts of the Government.
HALF-BREED SCRIP A MERE WASTE.
A sad contrast to the last-named appropri-
ation of public lands is presented in the act
whereby scrip for land was issued to hall-
breed Indians, under a restriction that the
holder of the scrip should enter it for his own
benefit, but which wise provision has been so
entirely disregarded that no instance is known
where the scrip did not go into the hands of
white men for location; not for any purpose
of settlement, but merely to aggrandize large
holders of the scrip, bought at a merely nom-
inal price. The amount thus squandered is
715,652.21 acres.
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS.
I now proceed to the consideration of dona-
tions to railroads.
AID TO RAILROADS IN STATES.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office, Mr. Wilson, in his able report for 1870,
estimates the amount of land which will inure
to the fourteen States which have received
grants to aid in the construction of railroads,
under all the laws which have been passed on
that subject, exclusive of the four Pacific rail-
roads and their branches, at 59,308,581.40
acres. In this estimate he includes all the grants,
and makes no deduction on account of those
forfeited by non-construction. Were deduc-
tions of this kind made, the estimate would suffer
a large reduction, as is evident by the number
of bills pending at the close of the last session,
and those introduced at the present session, to
revive grants and extend the time for the con-
struction of roads. Some bills of this nature
have already been considered and rejected.
The officers who made up this estimate inform
me that it should be still further reduced by
the amount since ascertained to have been
entered under the homestead and preemption
laws, and by many reservations based upon
private claims and conflicting grants which did
not enter into their calculation. It will be
safe to reduce the estimate for grants to inure
to the States to 50,000,000 acres. Of this
amount 22,676,225 acres had been patented at
the date of the report for 1870.
BENEFICIAL RESULTS PROM GRANTS.
In these fourteen States receiving grants in
aid of the construction of railroads there had
been constructed up to January 1,1870,15,974
miles of road, with a fair prospect of a speedy
enlargement of that amount to 20,000 miles.
These last figures will not probably much
exceed the number of miles of road now in
operation in those States. There are no means
of determining the exact number of miles of
road that was constructed by direct land-grant
aid. The great majority of these roads have
had such aid on some portion of their lines,
thus increasing the ability of the companies to
progress with their work beyond the portion
directly receiving grants.
TEN THOUSAND MILES OP ROAD PRODUCED IN STATES
THROUGH THESE GRANTS.
It is safe to credit to the land grant policy
10,000 miles of the roads built and near com-
pletion. The land patented up to this time to
secure these vast public benefits has been less
than one half of the land appropriated to that
purpose. It i3 safe to assume that the remain-
ing half of the grants will produce as good
results, .giving an aggregate of 20,000 miles
of road in return for the 50,000,000 acres so
donated to the States.
AID TO CONTINENTAL ROADS.
The Commissioner of the Land Office esti-
mates the entire grants to the Northern Pacific,
Union Pacific, Central Pacific, and Atlantic
and Pacific, with their branches, at 135,000,000
acres. Add to this 21,000,000 granted to the
Texas Pacific and its branches, and we have a
total of 156,000,000 acres granted for trans-
continental roads and their branches, the
entire length of which is about 9,000 miles.
MINERAL AND DESERT LANDS. *
In this estimate no allowance has been made
for mineral lands or desert country. I hose
who have traversed the continent will bear me
out in the statement that not more than one
acre in three of this vast interior, over which
each of these roads passes, is available for any
purpose whatever, being parched, desert land.
Besides this, the mineral belt extends from
the eastern slopes of the Rocky mountains to
the valleys of California west of the Sierra
Nevada range. It is manifest that there must
be a large deduction from the grants, for the
reason that mineral lands are in terms reserved
therefrom.
NOT MORE THAN ONE FOURTH OF THESE GRANTS MAR-
KETABLE LANDS.
After deducting desert and mineral lands, I
submit that no one can reasonably claim that
more than one fourth of the 156,000,000 acres
included within the limits of these grants is
marketable at any price, or will become so at
any time hereafter.
LESS THAN FORTY MILLION ACRES GRANTED TO CON-
TINENTAL ROADS.
Thus it will be seen that these grants, so
frequently denounced in some quarters as
enormous, dwindle, upon examination, from
156,000,000 acres down to 39,000,000 acres,
or less than seven sections per mile of mar-
ketable land.
RESULTS IN THE CONSTRUCTION OF ROADS.
In addition to these continental roads, when
they shall have been completed, we may rea-
sonably anticipate the construction of numer-
ous other roads forming connections therewith.
In speaking of the Union and Central roads
Poor, in Ins excellent manual on railroads,
estimates that the construction of these trunk
lines have already secured the completion of
an equal amount of other roads, which but for
this continental road would not have been
built; and he further remarks that equally
beneficial effects may be anticipated upon the
construction of the other similar works. It is
not unreasonable to estimate, when all the con-
tinental roads receiving Government aid in
lands or bonds shall have been completed, that
eighteen thousand miles of road will have been
constructed as the result of the aid extended
to these trunk lines.
RECAPITULATION.
A recapitulation shows the following dispo-
sition of the public domain thus far appropri-
ated for all purposes by the General Govern-
ment :
Acres.
Sales for cash to actual settlers  80,294.000
Sales for cash to all other persons  80,294.000
Total cash sales  160,588,000
Donations to individuals:
For military services, and not assigned... 3,000,000
3?or military services, and assigned to
others  70,000,000
To individuals, being half-breed scrip,
and assigned to others unlawfully  715.652
To homestead settlers   15,900,730
To States:
Swamp and overflowed lands  60.000,000
Agricultural college grants    9,510,000
Sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections for
schools  69,066,802
To aid internal improvements, but in
somo cases diverted to school purposes.. 13,669,671
To railroads:
In States  50,000.000
Transcontinental and branches  39,000.000
Total donations  330,862,855
Aggregate sales and donations  491,450,855
ONLY ONE ACRE IN- FIVE TO SETTLERS.
Thus it will be seen that of the 491,450,855
acres of lands appropriated by the Govern-
ment actual settlers have received by purchase,
under the preemption laws, and by gift under
the homestead act, 96,194,730 acres, or less
than one acre in five of the whole amount.
THE REAL LAND-GRABBERS.
If we omit the railroad grants above stated,
namely, 89,000,000 acres, we find that the re-
mainder of the land disposed of, namely,
306,256,125 acres, have gone into the hands of
States and individuals, the latter having no
other interest than to obtain the largest price,
and the former prone, as we all know, to almost
immediately surrender their grants to the spec-
ulators and adventurers who have been able
to control the local legislation.
PREFERENCE GIVEN TO FLOATING SCRIP.
Add to this the fact that this class of operators
held floating scrip,which, unlike railroad grants
and sixteenth and thirty sixth sections for
schools, could be located upon lands of their
own selection, and we see why the most valu-
able portions of the country have been closed
against rather than opened to settlement.
ROBBERY OF SMALL FARMERS.
For the luxury thus enjoyed by the middle-
men, who have managed to plant themselves
between the Government and the people, those
who should have had their lands at the mini-
mum price have, as I estimate, paid not less
than $1,000,000,000 in advanced prices.
MANUFACTURE OF PUBLIC OPINION.
The power of these men, loaded down as
they are with this plunder, to affect public
opinion in the direction of further legislation,
whereby they may continue to profit in like
manner, can hardly be overestimated.
IMPROVIDENT LEGISLATION SECURED THROUGH FALSE
PRETENSES.
The legislation under which they have grown
rich has all been secured in behalf of what
appeared to be a worthy object.
OPERATIONS TRANSFERRED TO STATE LEGISLATURES.
When they desired the rich, alluvial bottom
lands they represented that reclamation of
those lands from their swampy character could
only be secured by surrendering them to the
States wherein they were located. Having
accomplished which, thev transferred their
operations to the Legislatures of those States,
where their success was generally assured.
THE PLEA IN THE NAME OF SOLDIERS.
When they>desired floating warrants, which
they might locate upon the choicest lands in
advance of an expected influx of population,
they became suddenly imbued with patriotic
regard for the soldier, and brought such a press-
ure upon the politicians from the brave men
who had served their country as to secure the
desired legislation. It was stoutly resisted by
those who desired that the public lands should
be reserved for homes for the people, but the
opposition readily yielded when the measure
was so modified as to insure actual settlement
as a condition to be complied with by the sol-
diers, for they justly regarded that element as
among the most deserving of the people.
HOW THE CORMORASTS APPROACHED BY PARALLELS.
The first act passed granting military bounty -
land warrants provided that the soldier should
actually enter the land to which his warrant
entitled him and settle upon the same, without
power to appoint an attorney or assign liis
warrant. It was soon after contended tliatthis
was a great hardship, that he ought to be at
liberty to send an agent to select his land, and
an act was passed allowing him to make the
entry by attorney. It was then claimed that
there was great inequality in the law, as many
of the soldiers were unable to go themselves
or send an agent to locate the land. Further
legislation was accordingly obtained, making
the warrants assignable ; and, as I have before
stated, the soldier thenceforward ceased to
receive any considerable portion of the pro-
ceeds of the gift made in his behalf.
THE LESSON SHOULD NOT BE LOST.
Let the friends of the soldiers in the late
civil war and the friends of a proper distribu-
tion of the public lands among the people take
warning from the history I have briefly and
faithfully outlined and look to it that the same
is not repeated.
THE TRUE WAY TO BENEFIT THE SOLDIER.
The main body of the public lands suitab^g
for homesteads are now so far distant from the
navigable water courses that they can only be
reached by railroads; and by far the larger
