1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
Alamance county.
Wj-ft44 Outlaw, colored, hung.
William Puryear, colored, drowned.
Caswell Holt, colored, whipped and shot.
Murphy Reeves, white, shot.
Hamilton Brcn, colored, whipped.
Joseph Harney, colored, whipped.
Squire Alston, colored, whipped.
William Hamiday, white, whipped.
Alonzo B. Corliss, white, whipped.
John Ringstaff, white, whipped.
Leonard Rippy, white, whipped.
Sandy Sellers, colored, whipped.
Nathan Trollinger, colored, whipped.
William Simpson, white, whipped,
Anthony Foster, white, whipped.
Polly Gappins and daughter, white, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
T. SiddMI, white, whipped.
George Rippy, colored, whipped.
Andy Shaffner. colored, whipped.
Eli Outlaw, colored, whipped.
Lily Alston, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Arch. Duke, colored, whipped.
Don Worth, colored, whipped.
James Cole, colored, whipped.
John Overman, white, whipped.
John Bass, colored, whipped.
John Foust, colored, whipped.
Amos Forshea, colored, whipped.
Henry Holt, colored, whipped.
Levi Dickey, colored, whipped.
Alvis Pichard, white, whipped.
Lizzie Elmore, white, whipped.
Clay Thompson, colored, whipped.
James Long, colored, whipped.
Bill Long, colored, whipped.
Porter Mabem, colored, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
Monroe Freeland, colored, whipped.
Hamilton Puryear, colored, whipped.
Harney Albright, colored, whipped.
Moses Albright, colored, whipped.
Lindsay XCinnery, colored, whipped.
John Albright, colored, whipped.
Sally Holt and daughter, white, whipped.
John Linins, white, whipped.
Alfred Hartwell, colored, whipped.
Thomas Foust, colored, whipped.
Matilda Foust, colored, whipped.
Rachel Foust, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Duncan Hazel, colored, whipped.
John White, colored, whipped.
Catawba county.
Newton Willfong, colored, whipped and shot.
A. L. Ramsour, white, whipped.
Elijah Finger, colored, whipped.
Newton Killian, colored, whipped.
Sidney Mutts, colored, whipped.
Lawson Blackburn, colored, whipped.
George Conly, colored, whipped.
Jim Coulter, colored, whipped,
Robert Sawyer, oolored, whipped.
Rufus Rhinehart, colored, whipped.
Steven Worlich, colored, whipped.
Isaac Robinson, colored, whipped.
Daniel Bullinger, white, whipped.
Letty Willfong, white, whipped.
Maria Probst, white, whipped.
Bob Robinson, colored, whipped.
Michael Petrie, white, whipped.
Peter Young, white, whipped.
Mahala Willfong, white, whipped.
John Fowler, white, whipped.
William Hall, white, whipped.
Henry Bost, white, whipped.
Mony Carpenter, white, robbed
Mr. Speaker, with aii this fearful array of
crime and villainy in four counties of North
Carolina sworn to by Federal officers, Demo-
crats and Republicans, men on this floor say
to the country that no disorder prevails, and
that these charges are made for political effect.
Sir, I am astonished to find how the blinded
partisan can so far forget the rights of Amer-
ican citizens and a common humanity as to
become on the floor of the American Con-
gress the willing apologist of the assassin,
the murderer, and the whippers of defenseless
women. And when the courts of these States
and officers of the law and juries conspire to
defeat justice and punish crime, and the strong
arm of the Federal Government interposes to
give them protection, we are met with the
charge that Congress is transcending its con-
stitutional authority and infringing upon the
rights of the States by protecting life, person,
and property in those States where the State
is powerless, by reason of conspiracy among
its rebel officers, to afford protection to its
loyal citizens.
Mr. Speaker, I warn my Democratic breth-
ren on the other side of the House to beware
how they encourage lawlessness and murder in
the ranks of their southern friends, which may
in the end culminate in another civil war, for
should such a calamity again come upon the
country by your aid and counsel the loyal and
scarred patriot, remembering the past, will
close up that country, leaving it as God found
the world, void and without form, and leaving
in it no living thing. The fate of Sodom and
Gomorrah will await it.
Mr. Speaker, since the commencement of
the discussion of this bill I have been pained
to see gentlemen on the other side of the
House, who turned their backs on that flag
[pointing to the flag over the Speaker's chair]
and followed the lone flag with the serpentine
emblem through our terrible conflict for four
long years, and when, the war closed, their
political and rebellious sins, which were as red
as scarlet, we have washed by amnesty white
as wool, dictating to us what laws were con-
stitutional. Sir, I think that modesty would
suggest to them silence for a while for their
political pardon and a reasonable probation
before full disclosures of their intentions.
Mr. Speaker, in the midst of the solemn
awe of the nation, when Democratic gentle-
men on the other side of the House are pictur-
ing to their imaginations the overthrow of the
Constitution by a Radical Congress, and the
subversion of the rights of the States, and
the wisdom of the nation is devising legisla-
tion to protect her citizens, and the Constitu-
tion hangs poised on the verge of destruction,
and all eyes are gazing on the uncertain and
fearful result, I hear a timely voice, a faithful
Democratic sentinel holding to our trembling
lips the healing panacea. I find this in the
person of my distinguished Democratic col-
league from the third district of Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] and to him the nation owes a debt of
gratitude for the timely discovery, solving the
difficult constitutional problem which meets
the emergency.
On the night of the 27th of March my worthy
and distinguished colleague might be found at
the hour of midnight reclining upon his Dem-
ocratic couch, his brain racked with care and
anxiety for the salvation of the Constitution.
White-robed specters and masked figures ap-
pear before him, deep sleep falls upon him, and a
vision appears to him, and a loud voice awakes
him from his slumber and says to him, " Write
the things which I say unto you." And he
awoke from his slumbers, and a light shone
upon him as brilliant as that which appeared
to Paul on his way to Damascus, the only
difference being that Paul's light came down
from above and his appeared from below. It
was the voice of Jefferson Davis, solving the
problem how to bring peace to the South. Strip
the white robe from the person of the assassin
and the mask from his brow. Hear my col-
league. I quote from his speech of March 28,
as I find it in the Globe, from which I take
two extracts, as follows :
" G-ive them back the utmost freedom of local self-
government, of which you have so long and unj ustly
deprived them; remove from them all disabilities,
aud thus invite them to assume again all the rights,
capacities, and responsibilities of freemen."
Again he says, in the concluding paragraph :
" Then the South will become the cheerful hand-
maid to all other sections of our country in bearing
our burdens and discharging our national obliga-
tions."
Sir, this is the Democratic remedy for all the
evils that surround us. Give back to these
States the four million bondmen who are now
free, give full pardon and amnesty to Jeff.
Davis, and restore him and his confederates
to power, and then the work is accomplished
and the dove of peace will brood over us for
all time to come, and the wail of their murdered
victims will cease.
Sir, I cannot, for one, consent to take the
remedy ; to me it is worse than the disease.
No vote of mine will ever give general amnesty
to the leading and intelligent rebels who led
the ignorant masses to rebellion while I can
see one maimed soldier or hear the crutch
of the limping soldier on your pavement, or
the wail of one widow who gave her protector
in defense of the American flag. These men
should thank God that a merciful Government
permits their vile and treasonable carcasses to
exist on earth, to be hated of all men, and
despised by God Himself.
Sir, there are greater calamities than Ku
Klux organizations which might befall our
Republic. If, by apathy and indifference of
the Republican party, or dissensions in our
ranks by the struggling politicians seeking ele-
vation to place and to power, the Democratic
party should triumph in 1872, their political
leaders in their Legislatures and conventions
and speeches openly proclaim the unconsti-
tutionality of all the amendments of the Con-
stitution upon which reconstruction is based,
and, if honest in these declarations, must, on
coming into power, procure their repeal. The
proposition to the people of the United States
hinted at in the American Senate by a dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, and in-
dorsed by a Representative from the same State
in this House at the close of the last Congress,
indicates with unerring certainty, should they
come into power, that the rebel plowshare
would furrow the graves of our heroic braves in
the forfeited inheritance of the traitor Lee and
our other national cemeteries, the pensioning
of the rebel soldiers upon Government bounty,
and the sure assumption of rebel claims for
payment of southern property destroyed by
the war, and in all probability the assump-
tion of the rebel debt, leading in their final
consummation to national bankruptcy, or the
final repudiation of our national debt. Sir, I
have faith to believe the sovereign people will
in 1872 be found in solid column bearing in
that canvass to final triumph the Republican
banner with the inscription upon it in charac-
ters of living light, "Protection to American
citizens of every right known to the Constitu-
tion."
Mr. Speaker, our Democratic friends see the
handwriting upon the wall. Gallant little Con-
necticut, Cincinnati, and prominent points in
my own State within a few days have spoken,
and the telegraph brings to us the result of the
confidence ill the administration of General
Grant, and a Republican victory is sure and
certain if we but do our duty and see to it that
the humblest citizen, black or white, shall have
the full protection of our laws. Sir, the Dem-
ocratic party to-day are in the condition of the
guilty and condemned culprit, who stands in
full view of the ax of the executioner, and might
with great propriety repeat his last words so
illustrative of their final decease:
" Groat God I is this our certain doom.
And are we still secure,
Still hastening downward to thetoiab,
And seen and heard no more ?"
Protection of life, etc., at tha South.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN POOL,
OP NORTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate of the United States,
April 5, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution of Mr. Sherman directing tho Committee on
tho Judiciary to report a bill for the suppression of
violence and disorder in the southern States-
Mr. POOL said:
Mr. President: When I had the honor to
address the Senate a few days ago I gave notice
that I should ask the attention of the body to
some further remarks from myself, appertain-
ing especially to the condition of affairs in my
own State. What has been said since that time
