168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5
Sexate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
has made it still more necessary that I should
be heard upon that subject; and I ask of the
Senate a patient hearing, in order that I may
refute many of the misrepresentations which
have been made in regard to affairs there and
that I raay lay before the Senate a true state-
ment of the facts as they have existed and
exist now.
Mr. President, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] said in the courseof his remarks
that there was no falsehood so base as that
which had a grain of truth in it. I open my
remarks by addressing myself to a falsehood
which has not even a grain of truth in it. It
is charged upon the Legislature of 1868 in
North Carolina that the Republican members
issued an address to the people in whioh they
advised the colored men to burn the houses
of those who might discharge them from
employment, and murder their families. I
rose in my place in the Senate when the charge
was made and denounced it as untrue; and
I cannot let this occasion pass without advert-
ing to it again and denouncing it in the same
style.
The fact is simply this: there was an appre-
hension in the disordered state of society at
that, tune and in the apparent designs of a large
part of the Democratic party that tho colored
men would be driven to retaliation for outrages
that, were being perpetrated upon them, and
that there would arise a condition of disorder
and lawlessness at which every man might well
stand appalled. Primary meetings had been
held in several of the counties of the .State—
ho 1 have learned from the public prints at the
time, never having been present myself when
one was held—in which it was deliberately re-
solved that, unless the colored men would vote
tho Democratic ticket they were to bo dis
charged from the various plantations, and were
not to bo employed at all.
No man could have looked upon a threat
of that kind and a movement, of that kind which
was obtaining volume in tho State without see-
ing what the inevitable consequences must,
have been. Turn from employment the large
number of colored laborers who had nothing
upon which to subsist, themselves and their
families but their work, turn them from their
cabins, not one of them, or scarcely one of
them, being a land owner, not even allowing
them the poor privilege of going into tho woods,
but, turning them upon the public roads! Was
there any man who loved the State of North
Carolina who xl'td not feel and know that such
proceeding would lead to events which every
man ought to seek to avoid ?
In the address which has been attributed in
part, as far as its writing goes, to Judge lieade
■of our State and to myself, as I learn from
the Senator from Missouri, it was said to tho
while people of the State that this danger
existed, ami they were told in distinct language
that they ought to cease such a policy ; that, if
they did not cease such a policy, there was
danger I hat there would be retaliation of the
very character that was named by tho Senator
from Missouri yesterday, lint, instead of its
advising it, the address was precisely to the
contrary. It was very well that, those who seem
to have had the ear of the Senator from Mis-
souri in all the misrepresentations that he has
been prompted to make in regard to affairs in
North Carolina did not bring the address
itself and allow that Senator to see it, for if
he had seen it he never would have risked his
reputation as a Senator by making any Mich
charge as he has made. There is avast differ
mice between slanderers who desire to have
their Manders given prominence to, whispering
in the ears of gentlemen, and bringing forward
the proof of what they say when they have it
in ihi-ir hands.
So tWr as that is concerned, I have here sim-
ply to denounce it as I did before, and no mat-
ter who were the informants that misled the
Senator from Missouri, no matter whether they
were in office or out of office, the charge is
basely and malignantly false in all its parts.
The address itself is extant, published in the
newspapers of the State, and it will show for
itself.
This charge was made at the time, or an
effort to make the charge was attempted at
the time, by, I think, a single newspaper in
North Carolina. The result of it was that
thousands of men read that address who other-
wise would not have seen it; and every man
of all parties who read it nailed the charge to
the counter as a forgery, and it fell still-born
and has not been revived until for a purpose
on this occasion it has been revived in the Sen-
ate of the United States, and that with a v-ery
careful precaution not to produce the paper
itself.
Sir, that is of a piece with the general slan-
ders which have been heaped upon every man
in North Carolina who is a friend to the Gov-
ernment and a friend to the reconstruction
acts. The Senate may see from that alone
the spirit which has actuated these men and
which now actuates them in the base slanders
thoy are perpetrating upon every man, high and
low, who dares stand up for the flag of his
country and announce boldly that he will aid
the nation in carrying out its policy.
There has been so much abuse heaped upon
the Republican party in the State of North Car-
olina, in all its actions, for the last two or three
years, that I deem it my duty to pursue the matter
further, and to take up other charges that have
been made against the party and against its
members. 1 assert hero, and no man who
examines the facts will he able to deny it, that
there has been a spirit of conservatism, a spirit
of moderation, a spirit of wisdom manifested,
in the whole legislation and acts of that party
for tho time named, that is not excelled by
any Slate in this Union, that never has been
excelled in any period of this country since its
foundation. Why, sir, the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] seems to be reckless in
many of his assertions or facts. I was sur-
prised when he attacked the Legislature of
1808 by saying that all who had been in any
way implicated with the rebellion were dis-
franchised in the election. The Senat.or must
have had his mind upon something in Mis-
souri, not in North Carolina. Every one im-
plicated in the rebellion disfranchised! No,
sir. There was no man disfranchised unless
he was obnoxious to the disability clause of
the fourteenth amendment., and that was never
alleged by the Democrats of that State to ex-
tend beyond sixteen thousand, and when the
votes were afterward admitted it appeared
that it fell short of eleven thousand. None
were disfranchised in the election that was
held under the reconstruction acts, and under
the eye of tho military authority, but those who
were obnoxious to the disfranchising clause of
the fourteenth amendment.
The Senator said further that the judge who
swore in the members of the Legislature caused
certain men to stand aside, under the order of
General Cauby. That is true ; and who were
the men that stood aside? Only those who
were under disability according to the terms
of the fourteenth amendment, and who had
been elected mid offered to take their seats in
the Legislature. I think there were only seven
of thein in all. Some gentleman told me this
morning that there were twelve, out of one
hundred and seventy members. But. sir, it
goes out to the country in the way in which
the Senator from Missouri, perhaps unwittingly,
stated it,, that the judge and General Canby,
combining together, arbitrarily turned off
whomsoever they pleased, without regard to
whether they were properly elected or not.
There was nothing but the enforcement of the
law as it stood, the enforcement of the pro-
visions of the reconstruction acts, the enforce-
ment of a clause in the fourteenth amendment.
Those who were under disability did not have
the oath administered to them by the judge,
who, in my judgment, would have violated his
oath if he had become a party to their taking
their seats.
Now, Mr. Presdent, what is and what has
been the course of the Republicans in that
State? From the very inception of the party
I have taken a leading part in whatever was
done of a party character; and when I speak
of what I have done, I mean to speak as
well of what a large body of the Republican
leaders, those who acted with me, did.
When the war ended, the reconstruction pol-
icy of Andrew Johnson was undertaken in our
State and a Legislature was elected under it.
That Legislature was composed of men of all
parties. It did me the honor to elect me to a
seat in this Senate in 1805, and gave me for
my colleague Hon. William A. Graham. We
were not permitted to take our seats, because
the State was not allowed representation at
the time, but having been honored by the
State and placed in that position, it became
my duty to look after the interests of the State
and to take care of the interests of my people
in this city whenever I wa3 here.
Time wore o«, and the Legislature of North
Carolina retused to accept the fourteenth
amendment; a difficulty occurred between the
President and the Congress; the reeoiivstruc-
tiou policy of Congress became imminent; it
became generally known what the provisions
of that policy would be. I disapproved tliem
in many of their parts, and 1 have not changed
my opinion since. All that 1 have said for
them in the Senate up to this time has been
that they had been adopted by Congress and
announced as necessary for the future peace
and security of the country, and that all the
indications are that Congress means to carry
the policy out by some means or other, and
the means that I prefer are those which are
easiest to my people.
North Carolina wellrecollects the movement
which I took upon myself to make, and in
which I was sustained by a large body of my
party, though by many of the more extreme
men 1 was denounced. I came to the city of
Washington, and having no acquaintance with
Thaddeus Stevens, I presented myself to him
in his rooms as a granger and told him who I
was. 1 asked him to take North Carolina from
under the threatened stringency of the recon-
slruction acts which were about to be passed.
That was in December preceding their passage
in thefollowing March. I reminded him how re-
luctantly North Carolina went out of the Union.
I reminded him how gallantly we had fought
in 1864, as peace men, to terminate the war
at that time and make terms with the Govern-
ment of the United States. I reminded him
that I, though in many things implicated in
the rebellion, had ever maintained a position
that made me offensive to the confederate gov-
ernment. 1 reminded lurn that the Legisla-
ture which had been elected had honored me
with an election to the United States Senate
as a proof of its disposition to come back into
the Union and to forget the past and accept,
the situation. He heard my appeals. I asked
him not to trust us, but to try us. I laid be-
fore him in writing the programme. When
he had heard me through he told me he would
introduce a bill in the other House, and he did
introduce such bill, applying to North Caro-
lina alone, by which we would have been with-
drawn from the restrictive and stringent pro-
visions of the reconstruction policy.
When I returned to my State I was malig-
nantly denounced, as 1 am to-day, perhaps
worse than I am now, by all the secession
Democracy and the Democratic papers of
