1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
Mr. SHANKS took the floor.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for a few minutes to
make a statement.
Mr. SHANKS. I will yield for two minutes
to the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON. I wish to reply to some
assertions made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kinsella] in reference to the debt
of the State of Louisiana. First, I say that
the Democratic Legislature of 1865-66 appro-
priated more money than either of the Re-
publican Legislatures which have followed for
State expenses. I state, in the second place,
that the public debt of the State of Louisiana
lias not been increased by the Republicans
$20,000,000. When the present administra-
tion of the State government came into power
the bonded, floating, and contingent debts of
the State of Louisiana amounted to something
like fourteen million dollars The Republican
administration has built more than forty miles
of expensive and permanent levees, besides
repairing levees in otherplaces, which has con-
tributed largely to theincrease of the indebted-
ness of the State. I will state further that the
Republican Legislature proposed a constitu-
tional amendment, which has been adopted by
the unanimous vote of the Republicans, limit-
ing the State debt to $25,000,000, which the
Democratic party opposed.
Now, there is one other fact which ought to
be considered in relation to a correct under-
standing of this whole matter. SVhen the war
closed there was a mania in the public mind
of the South among men of all political
parties in favor of the construction of rail-
roads and other works of internal improve-
ments. It equally prevailed with the Demo-
cratic as* well as with the Republican party.
Money has been liberally appropriated in all
the States for railroads. The same thing has
taken place in my State; but sir, not one dol-
lar has been appropriated for any sham rail-
road, but in every instance the money has been
devoted for the purpose of constructing bona
Jide railroads, and it has been expended in
good faith and to the great advantage of the
State.
Mr. KINSELL'A. I am glad that southern
men are prepared to go into this question, and
I shall welcome the time when short and sharp
debate will be in order.
Mr. SHANKS addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed for the information of the
House a bill which I have prepared upon the
subject now under consideration.
No objection was made; and the order to
print was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a bill, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, of the
following title:
A bill (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to
the trustees of the North Georgia agricultural
college for educational purposes.
enf0kcement of fourteenth amendment.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 320) for the enforcement of the
fourteenth amendment, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, while I
fully recognize and appreciate the very hand-
some manner in which the floor has been
awarded to me in this universal struggle for
its possession, I regret that the time allotted
will not permit me to enter at large into the
wide field of debate to which this bill has given
rise. I propose, Mr. Speaker, to confine my
remarks to two questions: one of policy and
liiuy, and the other of constitutional law, grow-
ing out of the- fourth section of the bill ; and
which has thus far escaped the attention of
my friends on this side of the House who
have preceded me, at least in the specific form
in which I propose to present it, not with the
vain hope of attracting the unprejudiced atten-
tion of the rampant majority on this floor, but
to reach the legal and conservative mind of
the country.
Before I come to the points which I propose
to discuss as briefly as possible I cannot re-
frain from calling the public attention to the
shifting, inconsistent, and incongruous coarse
of the so-called Republican party in Congress
upon this question of executive power in the
Government, aud perhaps to the great duty of
the hour resting upon the Administration to
restore the Government to its regular consti-
tutional channels, by ignoring all bitterness
and hatred and vengeance against constituent
and organized portions of the American peo-
ple. YVhy is it, Mr. Speaker, that the domin-
ant party in Congress have at different times
placed themselves on different sides of this
question of executive power, at one time cloth-
ing it with unconstitutional authority and at
another prostrating it at the feet of the legisla-
tive branch of the Government by usurpation,
rendering it utterly powerless and imbecile as
a_ coordinate portion of the national sover-
eignty? Will an.y gentleman answer me?
That they have, in open violation of the
fundamental law of the land, both enlarged
and restricted it, beyond as well as short of its
constitutional limits, for the merest partisan
purposes and to retain political power, regard-
less of the public good, is manifest from the
fact that they have shaped the public laws,
not so much in relation to the question or,
principle of the legislation itself as its direct
bearing upon the particular individual in whom
the executive power of the nation for the time
being was vested, and wholly controlled by
the fact whether he stood in the position of an
instrument or an opponent of their party policy.
Finding in Mr. Lincoln a ready exponent of
the principles of their party organization, they
prostrated the Constitution to carry out their
party purposes under the miserable pretense
of a public necessity, and placed the life, the
liberty, and the property of the citizen at his
supreme and unchallenged disposal by the
passage of the infamous indemnity act of
March 3, 1863, the twin consociate in des-
potism of the bill now under consideration.
And yet when the executive power came into
the hands of Andrew Johnson, who was not
disposed to be a willing instrument in their
hands to carry out their party purposes,
although elevated to place and power by them-
selves, the Constitution was again violated by
subordinating the executive to the legislative
branch of the Goverment upon questions which
belonged solely to the executive authority. And
now that a mere military chieftain, unlearned
in the civil policy of the Government, incapa
ble both by education and prior occupation
in life of comprehending its principles, and
seemingly indifferent to the great interests
of the country, this " man on horseback," the
representative of the camp more than of the
cabinet, stands at the head of the Government
as well as the head of his party, if not the dic-
tator of its policy at least tjie executioner of
its vengeance, no violation of the Constution,
however palpable, no assumption of power,
however outrageous, is deemed too great a
sacrifice in extending and strengthening the
executive power in his hands. Let the bold,
daring, and unscrupulous usurpation of power
which characterizes the extraordinary provis-
ions of the bill now before us, reported at his
official suggestion and pushed forward under
his dictation, bear witness to this damaging'
fact.
And now, Mr. Speaker. I should like to
know, and the country will want to know,
what sudden emergency, what change in the
temper and conduct of a vast majority of the
southern people, from what it was when Gen-
eral Grant himself, as special commissioner,
certified to the quiet and peaceful disposition
of the southern people, has given rise to this
abrupt legislative/wiw to punish and oppress
whole masses of law-abiding citizens? Is there
to be no limit to your vengeauce? Is there to
be no end to hatred and persecution? Are
these southern people to be hunted down like
the Cameronians and Covenanters of the last
century? Is punishment and not amnesty,
revenge and not mercy, to be your policy for
all time to come? Mr. Speaker, is it just as
men, is it charitable as Christians, is it wise as
statesmen, by solemn legislation thus to keep
alive all the passions and all the prejudices of
a great civil war, brought about by bad men
aud bad counsels on both sides of the contro-
versy? Was that the first rebellion which has
ever existed in the history of civilized govern-
ment, and therefore to be remembered with a
peculiar tenacity, and punished with unheard-
of penalties, involving the innocent as well as
the guilty?
Shall we, Mr. Speaker, as the custodians of
the highest type of constitutional liberty, as
the exponents of the most perfect system of
political rights and political duties ever framed
by the ingenuity of man, all at once sink below
the moral standard of the ancient heathen?
Shall the rude worshipers of ancient Jupiter
or the twin gods, Castorand Pollux, excel us in
clemency, in mercy, and in Christian charity
as the worshipers of the one living and true
God ? Sir, there is one passage on the page of
heathen history worthy of being the exemplar
of Christianity. Livy relates the first instance
of secession recorded in the annals of history.
The patrician senate of Rome passed a most
oppressive law, not a tariff, sir, or a "per-
sonal liberty" bill, but a statute imposing im-
prisonment for debt against the plebeian citi-
zens. This cruel law created great discontent
among the commons of the city as well as the
provinces, and a large section seceded from
the government of Rome and joined them-
selves to the sympathizing army of Campania.
The metropolitan legions, under the command
of the Consul Valerius, marched out to give
battle to the rebels, who were posted in strong-
force outside the city. As the two armies
approached each other so that they could dis-
tinguish the anns and the familiar standards
of their common country, hatred at once gave
place to love and tenderness. They stood
gazing at each other in mute but deep emo-
tion, until, when sympathy of race, of common
brotherhood, and of common glory had over-
come every hostile feeling, they involuntarily
threw down their weapons, rushed into each
other's arms, and order and peace and har-
mony was again restored amid the tears and
sobs and rejoicings of the whole glad people
of Rome!
Mr. Speaker, would we be any worse Chris-
tians, or any less good citizens, by imitating
this noble example set by heathens more than
two thousand years ago? We should recollect,
as rational and reasoning beings, that while
our rebellion was both causeless and criminal,
in its moral as well as its political aspects, it
was the inevitable result, of long-continued
and persistent crimination and recrimination
by both parties to the unnatural controversy,
changed and transferred at. last from the halls
of legislation to the tented field ; and that the
fierce and acrimonious debates in these halls,
between Webster and Hayne. and Clay and
Calhoun, was a conflict of mind upon the same
questions which shook the fields of Antietara
and Gettysburg by the terrible conflict of arms.
Mr. Speaker, the causes which led to our civil
war were unique and peculiar, and laid far back
of and entered into the formation of the Gov-
ernment itself; and I shall briefly allude to
them, not for the purpose of reviving dead
issues, but solely with the view of elucidating
the solemn duty which rests upon us legislators
to forget and forgive the men aud the spirit
