410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
which led to an open rupture between the sec-
tions. Sir, I never for a moment believed in
the constitutional right of secession; while, on
the other hand, I very much doubt whether
there is any ordained constitutional remedy for
it except by coercion of laws, as contradistin-
guished from a coercion by arms. Now, sir,
if this question was a subject of grave and
anxious deliberation by the Convention who
framed the Constitution, and if the canons &f
legal interpretation would give a preponder-
ance to the construction that no such ultra
remedy was intended, although it would not
justify the rebellion, it would certainly go, or
ought to go, far in the direction of palliation,
and entitle its participants to the mercy of the
conquerors.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will not be unprofit-
able, nor will it be time misspent, to consult
the proceedings of that wonderful body of men
who framed the Constitution, as a means of"
comprehending this great question of amnesty
instead of punishment, good-will instead of
hatred, to whole masses of men organized into
regular political communities and possessing
qualified sovereign powers.
Mr. Speaker, I do not say positively that
there is neither express or implied authority
in the Constitution to wage an intestine war
between belligerent States, separated into hos-
tile groups by the expressed will of the people
of one half of them; but I do say, most un-
hesitatingly and emphatically, that this great
question of constitutional power is sufficiently
enveloped in doubt and uncertainty to impress
the minds of honest and intelligent statesmen
with the highest sense of duty as to amnesty
and conciliation. In the Convention which sat
in Philadelphia in 1787 to frame a Constitu-
tion there were two leading and rival proposi-
tions presented, as skeleton forms; one known
as the New Jersey plan, reported by Mr. Pat-
terson, and the other as the Virginia plan, pre-
sented by Mr. Edmund Randolph. These two
plans were reported in the form of resolutions,
and were intended as experiments, to ascer-
tain the views of the Convention, but were
regularly considered and discussed, and voted
upon ; and their spirit in regard to various
"questions of government was largely infused
into the Constitution itself, as afterward
adopted. The sixth resolution of the Virginia
plan was r„s follows:
"Jieaolved, That each branch ought to possess the
right of originating acts; that the national Legisla-
ture ought to be empowered to enjoy the legislative
rights vested in Congress by the Confederation, and
moreover to legislate in all cases to which the sepa-
rate States are incompetent, or in which the har-
mony of the United States may be interrupted by
the exorcise of individual legislation; to negative
all laws passed by the several Stst.es contravening,
in the opinion of the national Legislature, the Arti-
cles of Union, or any treaty subsisting under the
authority of the Union ; and to call forth the force of
the Union against any member failing to fulfill its duty
under the articles thereof.1'
The sixth resolution of the New Jersey plan
was reported, as follows:
"Resolved, That all acts of the United States in
Congress, made by virtue and in pursuance of the
powers hereby, and by the Articles of Confederation,
vested in them, and all treaties made and ratified
under the authority of the United States, shall bo
the supreme law of the respective States, so far forth
as those apts or treaties shall relate to tho said States
or their citizens; and that the judici.iry of tho sev-
eral States shall be bound thereby in their decisions,
anything in the respective laws of the individual
States to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if
any Mate, or any body of men in any State, shall
oppose or prevent the carrying into execution such
acts ot treaties, tho Federal Executive shall be au-
thorised to call forth the power of the confederated
Mates, or so much thereof as may be necessary to
enforce and compel an obedience to such acts or an
observance of such treaties."
These resolutions were fully discussed in
general Convention. As to these" discussions
I make the following extracts from the Mad-
ison Papers: "
"The last clause of the sixth resolution, author-
izing ail exertion of the force of the whole against
a delinquent State, came next into consideration.
Mr. Madison observed that the more he reflected on
the use of force the more he doubted the practica-
bility, the justice, and the efficacy of it when applied
to people collectively and not individually. A union
of the States containing such an ingredient seemed
to provide-for its own destruction. The use of force
against a State would look more like a declaration
of war than an infliction of punishment, and would
probably be considered by the party attacked as a
dissolution of all previous compacts by which it
might be bound. He hoped that such a system
would be framed as might render this resource un-
necessary, and moved that the clause be postponed.
This motion was agreed to nern. con.
"Mr. Hamilton said: The great andessential prin-
ciples necessary for the support of Government, are:
" 1. An activo and constant interest in support-
ing it.
"2. The loye of power.
"3. An habitual attachment of the people.
" 4. Force, by which may be considered a coercion
of laws or coercion of arms.
" Congress have not the former, except in fewcases.
Xn particular States, this coercionisncarly sufficient,
though he held it. in most eases, not entirely so. A
certain portion of military force is absolutely neces-
sary in large communities. Massachusetts is now
feeling this necessity, and making provision for it.
But how can this force be exerted on the States col-
lectively 1 It is impossible. It amounts to a war between
the parties. Foreign Powers also will not be idle
spectators. They will interpose; the confusion will
increase; and a dissolution of the Union will ensue."
The Constitution was framed and adopted
without this clause of a coercion by arms,
and was sent to the several States for rati-
fication or rejection. In the debates in the
State conventions the subject was again alluded
to with marked point and significance. Mr.
Hamilton again spoke upon the question in
the New York convention.* His deliberate
views, thus expressed, upon such a subject are
entitled to very great weight and consideration,
not only on account of his great abilities as a
jurist and statesman, but because he was, of
all the men who had any agency in the forma-
tion of our Government, the most strongly in
favor of a great centralized power, almost in
-harmony with monarchy itself. He says :
" It has been observed, to coerce the States is one
of the maddest projects that was ever devised. A
failure of compliance^ will never be confined to a
single State. This being the case, can we suppose
it is wise to hazard a civil war? What a picture
does this present to our view? A complying State
at war with a non-complying State! Congress
marching the troops of one State into the bosom of
anotherl This State collecting auxiliaries and
forming, perhaps, a majority against the Federal
headl Here is a nation at war with itself I Can any
man be well disposed toward a Government which
makes war and carnage the only means of support-
ing itself, a Government that can only exist by the
sword ? Every such war must involve the innocent
with the guilty. This simple consideration should
bosuflicientto dispose every peaceable citizen against
such a Government."
In the State convention of Connecticut Mr.
Ellsworth, who had also beeu a member of
the Federal Convention, said :
" X am for a coercion of law; that coercion which
acts only upon the delinquent individuals. This
Constitution does not attempt to coerce sovereign
bodies. States in their political capacity. If we should
attempt to execute the laws of the United States
by sending an armed force against a delinquent
State, it would involve the good and the bad, the
innocent and the guilty, in one common calamity."
Now, Mr. Speaker, taking all these facts of
suggestion and rejection, by that august assem-
bly of able men, upon this question of the co-
ercion of sovereign States by force of arms,
as contemporaneous with the enactment of
the Constitution itself, I do not hesitate to give
it as my conviction as a lawyer that it would
indeed be a very grave question of the true
interpretation of that instrument, if the point
were made, or could by any possibility be made,
directly and prac^cally, before the supreme
judicial tribunal of the nation. The true prin-
ciple of judicial construction to be applied to
any written instrument, whether a contract or
a constitution, is to get the meaning and in-
tention of the parties to its execution. The
intention of the framers of this Constitution
may be reasonably arrived at upon this ques-
tion of the coercion of States by arms, by con-
sidering relatively what they rejected as well
as what they adopted upon the direct propo-
sition itself.
Now, sir, if we turn to the Constitution we
will easily and very readily discover that all
expressions denoting any action of Federal
force against States as States are entirely
omitted. In view of all that was said and done
in Convention upon this question, as embodied
in the two plans of government alluded to, the
fact of the omission in the Constitution itself
of any equivalent term or any substituted syn-
onym, is a pregnant and most striking fact "for
its true interpretation and meaning. The power
really delegated to the General Government is
to " call out the militia to execute the laws of
the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel
invasions." It has been asserted by able
writers that these expressions are not to be
applied to organized sovereign communities,
but to individuals, such as Shay's insurrection
in Massachusetts in 1786, and the whisky insur-
rection in western Pennsylvania in 1794.
But, Mr, Speaker, I do not propose to make
an argument to sustain this construction of
the Constitution. It is my design simply to
show that the question is at least doubtful,
and from that hypothesis to draw the clear
and distinct line of duty resting upon us to
deal with these southern people as thoughtful
statesmen, and notas cruel and narrow-minded
partisans. The Republican portion of this
body are especially called upon to assume this
position from the fact that their idolized leader,
Mr. Lincoln, prior to his inauguration, evi-
dently looked upon this question of a coercion
of States by force of arms as unauthorized by
the Constitution.
We all remember, Mr. Speaker, his charac-
teristic journey from Springfield to Washing-
ton, in February, 1801, and the briefbut unique
speeches he made to the people on his route
to the seat of Government. His speech at
Indianapolis, about the middle of February,
was a carefully prepared written one, and
although couched in his usual ambiguous lan-
guage, betraying the^cunning of the scheming
politician rather than the open manliness of the
honest statesman, it evidently discloses a wil-
lingness to be understood as being opposed to
coercion. It is a noteworthy fact, too, thpt
the public sentiment was just at that time run-
ning strong and deep in that direction, as was
clearly manifested by the spirit of the popular
meetings inall portions of the North. In that
speech he says:
"AThat, then, is coercion? What is invasion?
"Would the marching of an army into South Caro-
lina, for instance, without the consent of her people,
and in hostility against them, bo coercion or inva-
sion ? I very frankly tell you that I think it would
be invasion, and I think it would be coercion of the
people if the people of that country were forced to
submit ; but if the Government of the United States
should simply insist upon holding its own forts and
retaking those forts which belong to it, and enforc-
ing the laws of the United States in the collection
of duties upon foreign imports, or even the with-
drawal of the mails from those portions of the coun-
try where the mails are habitually violated, would
every or all of these things be coercion ?"
Now, Mr. Speaker, with all its studied cir-
cumlocution so characteristic of the man and
his utterances, it is quite evident the mind of
the President-elect was contemplating a coer-
cion of laws rather than & coercion of arms, in
consonance with the views of Hamilton and
Madison, as expressed in the convention which
formed the Constitution. His suggestion of
holding the fortifications, the collection of the
public revenues, and the cessation of the Gov-
ernment mails all look that way; and this mode
of procedure had been strongly urged by some
oftheleadingconservative mindsofthe country
as the wisest and most appropriate plan of
dealing with the great problem thus suddenly
sprung upon the country by the secession of
seven of the sovereign States of the Union.
Nor should it be forgotten, sir, that the great
questions of difference between the North and
the South, questions of constitutional right and
equal legislation, had been the subjects of fierce
and acrimonious discussion ill the councils of
the nation for more than half a century prior to
the war ; nor that in the history of all civil wars
in representative government thiswarof words
has always been the prelude to the war of force.
The question of mercy and amnesty in such a
state of case cannot rightfully be shut out by
