172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong 1st sess.
impression upon the community and upon the
nation that colored men do belong to it. They
are up to all kinds of subterfuges, and I am
surprised that Senators should allow themselves
to be deceived in this way.
The Senator brought forward, in his effort
to show that Republicans belonged to the
organization, a case from Mississippi. He read
a letter—lie seems to be prolific in private
letters—lie read a letter from Mississippi, in
which it is stated that a man of some name,
liice, I think, a Republican, was engaged in
the whipping of somebody, I do not know who.
That may be true. There may be in the Re-
publican party some one man who is villain
enough to go in a party of disguised men and
commit the outrages in which the Ku Klux
Democracy take so much delight; but if it be
l rue, I will not believe it on such testimony as the
Senator brings. I have heard such charges
made before. The first story we heard of
outrages at Meridian was from sources of the
same character as the source from which this
letter comes, hut very shortly it was dissipated
and the truth became known.
Sir, I would venture the guess that this
man was falsely charged, in order to put the
authorities off the track of the true perpe-
trators of the outrage, and that those who had
sworn to protect their confederates perjured
themselves in order to cast a suspicion upon
this man. That is another one of the means
by which Republicans are slandered and vili-
lied in the interests of this villainous gang of
assassins.
Sir, it is said that the Radicals in North
Carolina have charge of the courts, and that
they have failed to punish the Ku Klux, but
have punished negroes who have committed
outrages; and it has been intimated pretty
broadly that tho reason why the courts do not
put down the Ku Klux or convict any of them
is that they may secure party effect by allow-
ing them to go on.
This is of a piece with tho ordinary slanders
upon the authorities in my native State. Is it
likely that Republicans, for any purpose what-
ever, would retrain from punishing and putting
down the men who are scourging and murder-
ing the members of their party, by this means
seeking to break down the party and gain
power for themselves? Is it. likely that Repub-
lican judges would bo engaged in any such
business?
Rut, said tho Senator from Missouri, you
had a law there by which you might remove
the trials from one county to another, if you
could not get justice upon these criminals in
the county where they committed their out-
rages. I replied to it at the time; but I will
do it again, as it will take but a moment. It
requires not only judges, but sheriffs and
juryrs, to secure punishment ill the courts,
it is shown in the testimony reported by the
majority of the committee that in several of
the counties the sheriffs and the deputy sher-
iffs are members of the Ku Klux organization.
The juries in North Carolina are not selected
at the will of sheriffs, as was intimated. If
they were, the juries in the Ku Klux counties,
where the sheriff's belong to the order, would
be unanimously Ku Klux in all probability;
but fortunately we have no such law as that.
They are taken by lot, as they are drawn from
the jury-box, the name of every man, white
and black, going in, unless he is excused on
account of bodily infirmity or incapacity.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from North Carolina a question if it will
not interrupt him.
Mr. POOL. It will be 110 interruption.
Mr. THURMAN. Have any of t'hese per-
sons in North Carolina called Ku Klux been
indicted in the Federal courts under the con-
gressional law of May last?
Mr. POOL. They have not been indicted;
some have been arrested.
Mr. THURMAN. Are not the juries in the
Federal courts in North Carolina drawn by
the clerk and the marshal ?
Mr. POOL. Some men have bepu arrested
and bound over.
Mr. THURMAN. The juries in the Fed-
eral courts are made up by the clerk and the
marshal.
Mr. POOL. I will treat of that subject when
I come to it, and in a very few moments. In
answer to the Senator's question, though, I
would say that several have been recently
arrested in the counties of Chatham, Moore,
and Harnett, and bound over for their appear-
ance at the next term of the United States cir-
cuit court.
But, sir, it is said, why not remove the cases
to some other county? For the simple reason
that you cannot remove the trial of an indict-
ment until an indictment is found. The grand
jury is the great trouble in the way of prose-
cuting these men. It is not so much the petit
jury; it is the grand jury that is in the way.
The grand jury sits with closed doors; no man
can know what testimony is brought before
them ; they may ignore a bill without bring-
ing the indignation of honest men upon them ;
but the petit jury, sitting in open court with tho
eyes of the public upon them 
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 ask whether it requires a
unanimous vote to iudict, or simply a majority
of the grand jury ?
Mr. POOL. I think, according to the laws
of North Carolina, it requires twelve out of the
eighteen.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the common law.
Mr. POOL. We have the common law oil
that subject. It requires twelve out of the
eighteen. The grand jury sits in secret, and
the difficulty is in getting a bill io.ind. Never
except in one instance has a bill been found
by a grand jury against any of these men.
Rut, sir, I was going on in regard to the
pct.it jury. A petit jury, with a judge sitting
on the bench, hearing the testimony and know-
ing whether tho jury wore perjuring themselves
hy finding a verdict of acquittal, might hesitate
to acquit; and hence the Ku Klux know that
they must never let it pass the grand jury. It
is to the grand jury that they direct their prin-
cipal attention. If a bill should pass a grand
jury, and there should be a conviction by a
petit jury and a sentence, then the criminal is
in no danger, for he is sure to be rescued from
the prison, as has been the case several times
in North Carolina where a man charged with
these crimes was imprisoned upon failure to
give bail under the warrant of a magistrate.
There is no member of the organization who
ever has feared any punishment for a crime
committed in pursuance of the orders of the
Klan, I have been informed since yesterday by
an eminent lawyer from North Carolina now
in the city.
The Senator asked, why not remove the
causes. And he read a law authorizing the
removal of causes to distant counties. Sup-
pose a Republican judge in North Carolina
had undertaken that process. Suppose in
the county of Alamance, which was an impos-
sibility, the sheriff being a member of the
order, a bill of indictment had been found
against a member of the order, and you had
sought to remove it. you could not carry it to
any of the adjoining counties, for it is proved
that they were all infested with the gang" Then
suppose a Republican judge had undertaken to
remove it to a distant county outside of the
influence of this gang, what denunciation would
have been heaped upon his head ! It would
have been said that he was corrupt and op-
pressive, and the whole pack of slanderers and
vilifiers would have appealed to the people in
their speeches and through their prints, be-
cause, instead of trying a man by a jury of tho
vicinage, he had been carried one hundred
miles lrom home before strangers to' be tried.
But, Mr. President, I wish to inform the
Senator that the present Legislature, composed
mainly of his party, has repealed that law, as I
am informed since yesterday. The Democratic
Legislature, elected under the operations of the
Ku Klux, were swift to repeal this law that is
so much lauded by the Senator from Missouri
as being the means by which a Ku Klux might
possibly be convicted. Sir, they have repealed
the law, copied in substance from a New York
statute, which was passed against tbe Ku Klux.
They have swept out of the way everything that
might endanger the Ku Klux. They have even
gone so far as to impeach the Governor of
the State bccause, when the civil courts had
failed and tbe local authorities refused to raise
a hand, he undertook to employ the militia of
the State to execute the laws which he was
sworn to have executed.
Mr. President, in this state of things, let me
inquire of the Senate, what is it that we are
endeavoring to execute in North Carolina ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Will tbe Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. if I understand him cor-
rectly, the Senator says that there 1ms been a
total failure to obtain indictments against any
of these so-called Ku Klux wrong doers.
Mr. POOL. Save in one instance.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not understand the
exception.
Mr. POOL. I will state it.
Mr. CASSERLY. To what single instance
does the gentleman refer?
IIr. POOL. The instance deposed to by
Judge Thomas, from the counties of Lenoir
and Jones. It was procured under the opera-
tion of a military force sent down in his aid.
Mr. CASSERLY. There were over sixteen
of those eases; and if I read the testimony
of Judge Thomas correctly, the men were all
indicted and are now held for trial in diffcr-
eut counties ; not merely in one but in several
counties.
Mr. POOL. That is so, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. So that it seems that the
statement is not quite so broad as I think the
Senate understood it to be made by the Sen-
ator just now.
Mr. POOL. It is remarkable that the Sen-
ate should have understood it differently when
I expressly said, "save in one instance."
Mr. CASSERLY. "One instance" you
said; here are sixteen instances.
Mr. POOL. The Senator says sixteen in-
stances. Let the actual truth be known, as I
know the Senator wants it to be. Those six-
teen men belonged to the same gang who had
been committing outrages; they were arrested
under the same proceeding, by the same author-
ity, at the same time.
Mr. SCO IT. And for one offense.
_ Mr. POOL. No, not for one offense, but
for a multitude of offenses.
Mr. CASSERLY. Precisely ; 1 am glad the
Senator has corrected that statement.
Mr. POOL. A multitude of offenses com-
mitted by the same gang. That was the first
time the gang was ever broken into.
Mr. CASSERLY. The crimes for which
they were indicted were different; as the Sen-
ator remembers, some were indicted for mur-
der, some for conspiracy, some for grand lar-
ceny, and perhaps other crimes.
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir; and those who were
guilty of conspiracy only were indicted for
conspiracy, and those who were guilty of grand
