1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr, Pool.
Senate.
larceny only were indicted for that. Those
who were guilty of murder were indicted for
murder, though guilty of conspiracy and lar-
ceny besides. The main witnesses upon whose
testimony those indictments were found have
been spirited away, and now the solicitor dare
not brijg the cases to trial, because the wit-
nesses who were to prove the facts cannot be
reached. They are in 110 danger whatever of
conviction upon the testimony of the witnesses
on whose testimony the bills we're found ; but it
may be (and that is why so much anxiety and
zeal is manifested about this proceeding) that
if there should be a condition of things when
it would be safe, there would be forthcoming
enough witnesses to convict these criminals.
It may be that gentlemen are here defending
persons that they little suppose they are de-
fending. I understand some things in regard
to the origin of the feeling in North Carolina
upon what has been going 011 in Congress for
the past two months. Let the United States
courts take charge of this matter, procure by
any means the conviction and punishment of
the operators, the under men who have been
pushed into murder and assassination, and
who were promised by those a little higher
than themselves that they never should be
punished; let them be reached. They will
then come forward and disclose the whole
affair to the dismay of certain men who were
the instigators of the crimes. Well may cer-
tain men call upon their friends in Congress
for assistance. Well may they be opposed to
an investigation. Well may they be opposed
to allowing the courts of the United States to
take hold of this thing, for wheneverit occurs,
unless I am mistaken in judgment, there will
be disclosures by which men will be exposed
who now tremble for their reputations, having
kept to this time under the mask. Sir, the
difference in the United States court will be
this: in that court, if there shall ever be a
trial before it 
Mr. CASSERLY. I have listened very at-
tentively to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, and 1 hardly know whether he means to
make any accusations, or rather insinuations
against any member 011 this side of the Senate.
Mr. POOL. Of what character?
Mr. CASSERLY. Such as protecting these
people and being afraid of investigation and
being made to tremble.
Mr. POOL, Oh, no, sir; I did not mean
that any Senator on this floor or any man in
the city of Washington was afraid of being
implicated in Ku Klux outrages ; certainly not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the language of
the gentleman was somewhat unfortunate then.
Mr. POOL. Then I will make it less so. 1
meant to say that the friends of these Senators
in the State of North Carolina and in the
southern States generally, who have taken
such an interest in this matter, and who have
come to their friends on this floor and urged
them to the course they have taken, have a
very good reason for their zeal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not believe that
there is any foundation for that statement
either, that anybody approached any Senator
of the Democratic party on this floor with any
view to prevent an investigation into these
alleged outrages and crimes. On the con-
trary, so far as I know anything, we were in
favor of the joint resolution as it came from
the House and as it went back to the House
from this body.
Mr. POOL. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator disavows anything of that kind. 1 feared
from the remarks Senators had made here
that they had been deceived. I feared that
they had had slanders poured into their ears
by interested men. I did not charge that
Senators would originate anything of that
kind themselves, or that they would wittingly
•defend or protect a murderer or an assassin or
a criminal of any sort. But, sir, I can say this
of the whole course of the debate : it will in
effect encourage and embolden the Ku Klux
in the southern States. Their speeches will
be read with plaudits in the Ku Klux camps in
the southern States. They will believe in their
camps that they have friends on the floor of
the Senate, when we know they have not.
Mr. BAYAIID. Mr President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina yield to the Senator
from Delaware?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I will make this remark,
and make it once and for all on this subject:
I have spoken, with others, at some length on
the subject, and I only say that if any encour-
agement to illegality of any kind, wrong upon
any man, evasion or defeat of any law, State
or Federal, is alleged to be sanctioned by any-
thing that has fallen from either member of
the minority of the committee of investigation
111 their speeches on this floor, it can only be
created by the allegations of the gentlemen
who now seek to assail us. I defy the Senator,
or any of his colleagues on this floor, to lay
his finger upon one word of a speech or a
report that will justify him in the charge that
he has made. if the encouragement is to be
found, it is to be found solely in the unfounded
allegation of the Senator and those who act
with him on this floor. No language more
positive, more indignant, more unmistakable
can be found in denunciation of these wrongs
than has been used by myself and those with
whom I act on this floor. Therefore, before
we have any more insinuations or implica-
tions or direct charges on this subject, let us
have the line or the word produced to justify
them.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I made 110
charge. I expressed an opinion, and I adhere
to the opinion still, and I have as much right
to my opinion as the Senator from Delaware
or any other Senator, however erroneous my
opinions may be. It is my opinion that the
minority report and -the speeches of Senators
on the other side will have the effect to encour-
age the Ku Klux outrages in the southern
States. I do not say that the Senators meant
it, nor do I charge Senators with that or with
anything else that is wrong or disreputable;
but I express my opinion on the subject, and
I am not to be driven from the expression of
that opinion either by the manifestation of'
feeling or by the words of any Senator.
This being the condition of things, was it
not well that there should be an investigation
into it? The State of North Carolina had been
slandered in the Democratic prints; it had
been slandered in various ways by the charges
of corruption upon its officers, by charges that
these outrages were perpetrated not bytheKu
Klux. but by Union Leagues. The whole peo-
ple of the State appeared to be implicated. I
was glad when Congress undertook to invest-
igate the condition of affairs. I was glad when
Congress, in the midst of all these rumors that
covered everybody, undertook to look the truth
squarely in the face, undertook to ascertaiu
the result of the effort to put into operation its
policy in the southern States. It was the duty
of Congress to do so. It met my entire appro-
bation; and no honest man in North Carolina
or in any other southern State would shrink
from an investigation.
If there was anybody who could object to it
it must have been only those who were impli-
cated either in crime or in corruptions and
frauds. Life and property as regards the pro-
tection applicable to them were both to be
inquired into. It involved the whole of these
charges of corruption. I desired, as I now
desire, that whatever there be of crime, what-
ever there be of corruption, whatever there be
of wrong and disgrace in the State which I
represent, shall be by a full investigation fixed
upon^ the guilty parties, and not allowed to
rest in the opinion of the nation upon the
escutcheon of the State itself. By what other
means can the fair fame of that State be
defended and its reputation restored in the
face^ of the American people than by an invest-
igation putting the guilt upon the" parties to
whom it properly and jnstly attaches?
But Senators say that when the witnesses
came forward before this investigating com-
mittee it was a tirade against the State of
North Carolina, against the people of North
Carolina. No, sir; that is a mistake, and—of
course, not intended—it is a slander against
the State. They did not come forward against
the people of the State. They did not come
forward against the State itself. They came
forward against the murderers, the assassins,
the thieves, if you please, and the barn-burn-
ers in the State.
The Senator from Delaware says that the
witnesses were men of no character, and the
Senator from Missouri says they would not be
believed anywhere. I was surprised to hear
that from any Senator. Is this tirade against
the character of honest men to be brought up
from the southern States to the Senate of the
United States, and without any evidence at
all, upon the bare assertion of Senators, to be
continued here? Witnesses of no character
and would not be believed anywhere ! Is there
anything in the testimony upon which the Sen-
ator from Missouri can found such an attack
upon the witnesses? Who are they? I will
read the names of a few of them summoned
by the majority of the committee.
William P. Bynum, against whom no men-
dacious Ku Klux, no falsifying and vilifying
party editor ever dared to risk his character
by breathing a suspicion ; a solicitor in one
of the circuits ; a lawyer, not a politician ; a
man whose bearing and character and attain-
ments are so high that never did the venom
of party even aim a shaft at him. The first
ever aimed was aimed by the Senator from
Missouri. He not to be believed upon his oath
anywhere 1 And yet, sir, what he testifies to,
if any Senator will turn to it, contains some
of the most atrocious and heartrending and
horrify ng of the doings of this infamous Ku
Klux Klan.
Then there is Judge Henry. What will the
people of North Carolina think when they hear
that it was charged upon the floor of the Sen-
ate that he was a witness whose testimony
would not be believed anywhere ?
Then there is Judge George W. Logan. Then
JudgeKeade; and who is Judge lieade? Why,
sir, he was a member of Congress before the
war. He was a judge upon the bench in North
Carolina before the termination of the rebel-
lion, and before colored men were allowed to
vote; one of the old judges of the State. He
was a member of the confederate senate. He
is now a judge on the supreme court bench of
his native State; a man of elevated bearing
and purity of character, of high literary and
legal attainments, and against whom 110 word
of reproach was ever breathed, that I ever
heard, save and except only the charge which
I noticed in the setting out of my remarks,
and his name connected with that charge was
enough to brand it, and did brand it, as false
before the people of North Carolina; and, as
I said before, it fell still-born.
Then I find the names of Rev. James Reid,
Judge Russell, Judge Settle, Judge Thomas,
all of them men of eminent ability, and of
whom 1 might say as much as of the others. It
is of 110 use to read the list further. Judge
Thomas is now a member of the oilier House;
and if the Senator should have the good for-
tune ever to become acquainted with him he
will not be in his presence one hour before be
will know that he has done him gross injustice
