174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
■when he embraces him in such a charge as he
has made-
But the Senator says he had no opportu-
nity of proving the character of the witnesses
who were brought forward by the majority
Senators oil the committee. Twenty-nine wit-
nesses were subpenaed by the majority, and
twenty-two by himself and his party colleague
on the committee, if the witnesses on the other
side were men of such character, why did he
not ask, concerning them, Hon. John Kerr,
whom lie lauds so highly ? Why did he not
ask William li. Battle ; why did he not ask
B. F. Moore? all of whom he lauds, and
justly, for lhey are men of character and stand-
ing. lie did not have an opportunity afforded
him of attacking the character of the witnesses!
Why, sir, there were his own witnesses. Is
there a particle of evidence on which the Sen-
ator can rest this onslaught upon the leading
public men in North Carolina that they were
men destitute of character, who would not be
believed anywhere, when he had twenty-two
witnesses who knew them personally, and of
whom he might have asked if there was a
breath against their character? What sur-
prises me most is that the Senator, when he
sees that dilemma, should forget and say he
had uoopportunity, when he had the witnesses
on the stand who knew all about them. Sir, I
ask if that is just V
An attack lias been made especially upon
Judge Settle, who has recently been confirmed
as minister to Peru. It is intimated that he
was bribed to give his testimony, and bribed
by the President of the United States. It
seems there is no man so high but that ho
must be attacked in connection with this in-
vestigation. Judge Settle was bribed with
the mission to l'eru 1 In justice to Judge
Settle and to the President I will say what I
know of him. He is the son of one of the old
and honored judges of North Carolina, elected
move than tliirly years ago, who sat lot' years
upon the heneh of our State, liet'ore t.he war
he was a Democrat and a member of the house
of commons of the Legislature of North Car-
olina, and by the Democrats elecled speaker
of the house of commons m that Stale. Sub-
sequently he was elected speaker ol the senate
of the State. He was made a solicitor, pros-
ecuting ollieor of the Slate, in one of the judi-
cial circuits. lie was alterward elected to the
supicme bench of North Carolina. There is
no man who maintains a purer or higher char-
actor than he does. There is no respectable
man in North Carolina who would charge him
with accepting a bribe, or as being approach-
able with any such view.
I knew not that there was any purpose on
the part of the President to give Judge Settle
a nomination as minister to Peru. I do not
believe a single North Carolinian knew of any
such purpose until it was announced that ho
had received the nomination in the public
prints of the country. I do not believe that
Judge Settle himself knew it, for he told me
the lirst intimation he had was a tender of the
position, it was done upon the President's
own motion. The President knew him per-
sonally. He was connected with the distin-
guished Stephen A. Douglas, and has charge
of some of the property of his children as
guardian or trustee in some way. tie was ac-
quainted with the President, knew him in North
Carolina, and had seen him here. It was by
noNorthCarolina influence, by no interference
of North Carolinians, and with no recom-
mendation even from them, that the nomination
was made. If, theielbre, Judge Settle was
bribed, it was a bribe paid after he had testi-
fied, aud paid by the President of the United
States.
Now, sir, how are we to meet this wholesale
striking of character? No matter how high or
how pure a man is, if he raises himself up in
the southern States in defense of the recon-
struction policy of Congress, if he sets his face
against these Ku Klux assassins, he is to have
his character stabbed and slaughtered.
But, sir, there seems to be a delight on the
part of some Senators here in attacking Mr.
Boyd. Who is Mr. Boyd? He is a lawyer,
and a very promising one, whose character
never had anything against it until he deemed
it his duty to tell what he knew of the Ku Klux
organizations in Alamance. He was the Demo-
cratic nominee for the Legislature of North
Carolina in the last August election. There
is one thing against him, and that is, that he
ever allowed himself to be inveigled into this
Ku Klux organization; but upon the first
opportunity he came out of it, and because he
came out of it he is thus denounced.
Butitissaid he accepted a bribe of $250. Who
said so ? There was one witness who said so,
and only one. I will not follow the Senators
on the other side by attacking the character of
men, even when their character is known to
be infamous in my State. Sir, the very record
from which that witness obtained the informa-
tion that $250 was received by Mr. Boyd
contained the evidence that other eminent men
in North Carolina received a fee at the same
time for the same service. There were prosecu-
tions going on by the State before three out
of the five supreme court judges against these
Ku Klux, and Mr. Boyd was retained with
other counsel to help tlio attorney general in
that prosecution, and he received with them,
as appears from the record that shows the pay-
ment of all them, this amount of $250. And
so Senators say that when a lawyer receives a
fee for services rendered it is a bribe to tes-
tify six or eight months afterward somewhere
else !
Why, Mr. President, even the venerable chief
justice of our State, though ho lun not been a
witness hero yet, has to take his part, and is
now seemingly the principal object in all these
attacks thnt are made upon character. He
has been chief justice of the State for the last
twenty years. IIow did lie come to be chief
justice at this time? He was nominated by
the Democratic party, and he had so high a
character for attainments) and purity that the
Republican party ran no candidate against
liini, and he received the unanimous vote of
all parlies. But when he sat in an investi-
gation of Ku Klux last summer, the whole
engine of the organization, with their papers
and their orators, was turned to blacken his
character, too.
I deem it unnecessary, a useless consump-
tion of time, to go further into the character
of the witnesses. I leave the subject with
this general remark, that there is not a single
witness, and I defy Senators to name one,
against whom there is proof of bad character
at all.
But, sir, I was rather struck with one re-
mark, when the Senators on the other side
undertook to bolster the character of then-
own witnesses. It was, that they had not
brought here men whose hands were red with
the blood of the sons and neighbors of the
northern people ; that is. they had not brought
those who had been engaged in the rebellion
and had imbrued their hands in the blood of
the Union armies. Ah, sir, did they not? Of
all the inaccuracies that I have ever heard in
the statement of evidence the minority Sen-
ators have been betrayed into the greatest.
John Kerr, who was especially selected for
the praise and laudation of the Senator from
Delaware, was pronounced by the Senator as
a Union man. I know the Senator was only
mistaken ; but, nevertheless, he was in error.
John Kerr a Uuioii man! Why, sir, he is
known as one of the most violent secessionists
and war men of the South. Who is Josiah
Turner, jr., who seems to be the principal
witness and the principal help that has been
received by the minority Senators? Is he not
a manbroughtherewith hands redin the blood
of the sons and neighbors of the northern peo-
ple ? He was a captain in the confederate ser-
vice, who, in a cavalry skirmish, had his skull
fractured, and whose mind is now suffering
aberration from the effects of the wound!
I might go on with other witnesses; but I
will not pursue further the examination of the
witnesses. It was a simple act of justice to
them thsft I should come to their defense in
this way; and it was an act of justice to the
Senate, in order that I may impress upon them
more thoroughly what I endeavored to impress
upon them some time ago, that the villification
of character is one of the means that is re-
sorted to by the Democracy of the southern
States to prevent the reconstruction policy of
Congress being carried into execution.
I propose to examine for awhile the minor-
ity report, because it has done injustice to my
State, ami in many respects it needs to be
analyzed in the presence of the Senate. It
will be borne in mind in starting that there
were twenty-nine witnesses examined by the
majority—I think that is the number stated in
the majority report—and twenty-two witnesses
examined by the minority.
The first thing that strikes me in examining
the minority report is that the Senators set
out by saying that the investigation was the
result, of a " plan cut and dried." Let us see
who cut and dried it. The Democratic Sen-
ators may be a very good authority upon that
point. The President had sent troops into
some of the southern States aud into some of
the northern States for the purpose, as he said,
of preventing frauds at the elections. It was
charged that he sent them there for the pur-
pose of controlling the elections. Now, if
there should be an investigation into why the
President sent troops into these States, would
it not necessarily involve everything that the
resolution of the Senator from Indiana involves
upon which this investigation has been based?
The late Senator from Delaware (Mr. Sauls-
bury) started this " cut and dried plan " by a
resolution which [ will ask the Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Jtciolved, That, tlio President be requested, and
tho Secretary of War bo directed, to inform the Sen-
ate whether any part of tlio land or naval forces
were sent into or directed to bo present at any elec-
tion held in the State of Delaware on the 8th day of
November last, nnd by what authority of law tho
said forces were so sent or directed to be present, and
tho number ofsaid forces, itnd what necessity existed
in said State lor said forces being sent, or directed to
be present as aforesaid."
Mr. POOL. Now I ask, if you should in-
quire into ihe matters under that resolution
would it not involve the whole State of Dela-
ware in the very same investigation that has
been applied to the State of North Carolina?
But, sir, that was not the only effort made
upon this "cut and dried plan" by the Dem-
ocratic Senators. I ask the Clerk to read the
resolutions which I send to the desk, all pre-
ceding the resolution of the Senator from Indi-
ana, under which the investigation actually
took place. I ask the Senate to notice par-
ticularly the terms and the extensive opera*
tion of what is there asked.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tions, submitted by Mr. Casserly on the 9th
of December last:
" Rexoloed, That the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, requested to transmit to the Sen-
ate, if noc incompatible with tho public interests,
the following information:
"1. When and where, since March 4, 1869, the
Army or Navy of the United States, or any por-
tion thereof, has been employed to aid tho civil
power. State or Federal, either by enforcing revenue
laws, or assisting in any manner at State or Fed-
eral elections, or contests arising out of the same,
or preserving the public peace, (except in what are
known as Indian disturbances,) or in maintaining
the neutrality laws of the United States, or in any
way whatever, other than ia the guarding and pre-
