1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
tiona to protect those whom it has just intro-
duced to its privileges and its responsibilities.
Colonel Huggins, assistant assessor of internal
revenue, who was scourged with a hundred
lashes at Aberdeen, in Mississippi, who has
told the story of his sufferings to some who sit
upon this floor and now hear me, was not
guilty of the offense of negro blood; neither
was York, the mail agent, butchered in Ala-
bama, other than a pure Caucasian. Persons
lately domiciled in the troubled districts are
not the only victims. Wentersmith, whose
gray hairs cry aloud for justice, was for many
years State senator of South Carolina when
only the chivalry were permitted to hold office.
But one rule never fails: the victims whose
property is destroyed, whose persons are
mutilated, whose lives are sacrificed, are always
Republicans. They may be black or white ;
they include those who wore the blue and those
who wore the gray ; new-comers and life-long
residents, but only Republicans. Stain the
door-lintels with the mark of opposition to
reconstruction and of hostility to the national
Administration,and the destroying angel passes
by. Omit that sign, and the torch may kindle
the roof that covers women and children; the
scourge may fall upon shoulders that stoop
with weakness and with age; the bullet may
pierce the breast without warning. Such uni-
formity of result can come only from design.
Republicans only are beaten and mutilated and
murdered, because the blows are aimed at
Republicans only.
Classify the outrages still further. Take the
political census of the States lately in rebellion
by districts. Mark those which are strongly
Republican and those which are decidedly
Democratic. In neither of them will you find
systematic assaults upon citizens. The dis-
tricts which are politically doubtful are scarlet
with human gore. On the contested ground
arises the smoke of school-houses and of
churches. There terror marches in darkness.
For example, in Florida the most turbulent
county is Columbia, in which the Democracy
is desperately struggling for the mastery. In
South Carolina turbulence is most common in
counties like Union, Lawrence, Spartanburg,
and York, where Republican majorities are so
small that, violence may overthrow them. And
so it is in other States penetrated by the con-
spiracy.
Where Democratic majorities are large no
advantage accrues from lawlessness and des-
peration. Where Republican majorities are
large such devices would be unavailing. Where
the political balance wavers, mutilation and
murder are resorted to to reduce the Repub-
lican vote. There Republican voters are driven
from their homes. There the masked horror
dominates.
What use of reason and argument when
banishment may reduce the numbers on the
other side, or the bludgeon and the bayonet
may compel a sudden conversion? As this
violence increases, there is joy in one political
party throughout the laud. Boasts go forth
that the States in which these outrages are
flagrant will vote for a conservative candidate
for President in 1872.
Yes, Mr. Speaker, this is reaction against
republican principles. Butcher electors or
banish them by scourging, and it is a Ku IClux
victory. Journals in opposition to the na-
tional Administration catch up the p an.
The achievements are terror and bloodshed
beside the Alabama, the Santee, and the
Savannah. The jubilee echoes at the mouth
of the Hudson, iu the council-chambers of
Tammany; here beside the Potomac, on the
lips of the minority of this House. Through
apathy and accident disaster falls upon the
Republican party in New Hampshire, and
more than once on this floor the result is pro
claimed as "another Ku Klux affair." Alas!
for our country, that, so far as regards spirit
aud purpose, the sneer is truth itself.
So, clear on its face does the new barbarism
prove that it is political in its origin and aims.
Positive verbal testimony in the samS direction
is not lacking. It would be fair to rely upon
the plea made by the minority of the Senate
committee in their report, who say distinctly
of North Carolina:
"The undersigned believe that all the disorders
which exist in that State were created by the unjus-
tifiable and unconstitutional legislation of Congress
in regard to its government:
And again:
"To any fair-minded man we confidently oommit
the proofs contained in the testimony now presented
by the committee, and aver that in the face of such
wrongs as have been inflicted upon an unfortunate
and crushed people by the rulers placed over them—
not by their own consent, but by the exercise of des-
potic powers by the Congress of the United States-
no example of equal submissiveness and patient
endurance can be found in history as is now pre-
sented by the people of the State of North Carolina."
And the same doctrines are the staple of
the Opposition in this House.
These words excuse and justify the outrages
in North Carolina on political grounds; for
these acts are represented not even as consti-
tutional resistance to an obnoxious govern-
ment. They are in this choice phrase "sub-
missiveness" and " patient endurance." That
is the deliberate report made to the Senate,
but designed for the country and the world,
and bearing the signatures of two leading
Democratic Senators. It is not strange, then,
that the witnesses summoned, some of whom
were members of the secret organization, agree
in declaring the object purely political; and, in
the forcible language of the witness Willeford,
"it was to damage the Republican party as
much as it could, burning, stealing, whipping
negroes, and the like; the leading men it was
to murder." Long testifies that " the mem-
bership was entirely confined to the Demo-
cratic or Conseivative party;" and Boyd
swears "the object was the overthrow of the
reconstruction policy of Congress and the dis-
franchisement of the negro."
The military form of the organization is indi-
cated by such titles as it has in North Carolina:
the "Constitutional Union Guards," the "In-
visible Empire," and the like. It appears in
the oath in which " the camp " designates the
place of meeting and the body itself. Long
testifies that "each county constituted a klan
under command of a chief." It appears also
that large numbers of rebel soldiers are en-
rolled upon the lists. Their weapons are often
new and of improved patterns ; and however
poor may be the individual member he never
lacks for arms or ammunition ; they are pro-
vided of uniform size and style to local organ-
izations. In many respects the Ku Klux Klan
is an army, organized and officered, and armed
for deadly strife. Witnesses before the Senate
committee testify that the commander stated
the force of the Ku Klux in North Carolina
alone as forty thousand men. These figures
may not be accurate, as all estimates of large
numbers are prone to excess ; but they signify
that the organization is a vast host, terrible as
an army with banners.
These, then, are no common crimes. They
are not sporadic, accidental, scattering ; they
constitute an epidemic of arson aud of blood.
They are not due merely to a moral tide or
current, such assometimes occurs in the sphere
of mind and intellect as well as in that of
matter. They are deliberate, systematic, in-
stigated from a common source, seeking a
common end. They have a political origin.
Only one party finds profit in these monstrous
crimes; only one party palliates or finds ex-
cuse for them ; only one party hesitates about
employing all available means for repressing
them. At the door of that party, its leaders
and its instigators, lies a large share of the
responsibility for the mutilation, the arson,
and the murder.
Such crimes, occurring in many and distant
localities, identical in character, directed only
against members of one political party, always
traceable to one organization, always calculated
to crush out practical support of human rights
and personal liberty, always designed to coun-
teract the triumphs of the war for the Union,
and to exalt the men and the principles, and
the influences more subtle than principle, de-
feated in that conflict, furnish the problem with
which this Government has now to deal.
What is the duty of the patriot in the case?
If Republicans have a duty, surely no less,
even more, have Democrats. The stain and
odium of these crimes fall upon every Amer-
ican. - The mail-agent, Gibson, butchered in
Kentucky, was the representative of your
Government. The assessor, Jones, driven out
of North Carolina; the victims escaping to
tell you to your faces, of their wrongs, have a
claim to protection from you as well as from
me. Since this blood lies at the door of the
opponents of this Administration, every such
opponent owes a personal obligation to stop
the mutilation and the murder. They have
not preve«ted them. They do not cheek them.
What remedy, then, can legislation and Ad-
ministration provide for these startling evils?
In so grave an emergency people naturally
turn to the Government for help. In the
present case the wronged and outraged vic-
tims appeal to the Republic, for fidelity to
which they are abused. So serious are the
difficulties, that every human resource should
be employed to afford relief. Every Ameri-
can citizen turns instinctively to that power
which wasordained "to establish justice,insure
domestic tranquillity, and secure the blessings
of liberty." They look to Congress " to pro-
vide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States." This is a
nation, and in no nook or cranny of its
domain is there a spot where the national
iEgis does not cover the humblest of its citi-
zens. So much is guarantied in the clause of
the Constitution that " no State shall abridge
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States :" and statutes may rightfully
so provide, and may be enforced by every
proper means. The present violence is directly
aimed to break down, not only national law,
but the recent amendments to the national
Constitution. Shall it he conceded that these
are alia mere brutum fulmen $ May we create
citizens and not protect them ? Does the
Constitution enfranchise a race, only to con-
sign it helplessly to wrong and outrage and
murder?
No, Mr. Speaker, the constitutional power
exists to protect the citizens of the Republic.
Upon that branch of the subject the argu-
ments of the chairman of the select commit-
tee, the eminent gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabauger,] and of the otherdistinguished
gentlemen who have followed him on this side,
are unanswered and unanswerable. And the
argument of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Elliott] and his appeal shame the
abiiity and patriotism of the minority of this
House.
The doctrine of State sovereignty is pro-
claimed anew. Thechief of the "lostcause,"
Jefferson Davis, at Selma, Alabama, in the
month of March, just past in the midst of
popular applause, "expressed the hope that
he would yet live to see the sovereignty of the
States vindicated," and predicted that it would
ultimately triumph. Concede that sovereignty,
and Alabama must cease its outrages upon
citizens of other States domiciled within her
borders. Against the plea of State rights to
cover the butchery of citizens, the same State
rights protest. Citizens of New York seeking
homes iu South Carolina and Alabama have
had their roofs burned over them and have
been driven away by violence. Yes; citizens
of New York are victims of these outrages.
And if State rights are to besetup, I insist upon
the claim of the Empire State, that its citizens
shall have all privileges and immunities of
