1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool,
Senate.
servation of forts, posts, and the places and prop-
erty of the United States.
" II. On whose request, advice, or representation,
either verbal or written, the Army or Navy was
thus employed in each ease; together with copies
of all letters, dispatches, or papers from Govern-
ment officers or civilians which are in possession of
the Executive, or any of its Departments or bureaus,
advising, asking, or justifying such employment.
"III. Completecopiesof all orders, dispatches, re-
quisitions, approvals, or reports made in each case,
either by the President, the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, or any military or naval offi-
cer, together with a statement of what were the dis-
positions, in detail, made of the Army and Navy in
each case; and what orders were issued for such dis-
positions and lor the arming and other prepaiation
of said Army and Navy, with copies of all reports
made of what took place under the aforesaid orders,
dispatches, requisitions, or approvals, and of any
information respecting the same.
"IV. An estimate in each case of what was or will
be the probable cost to the Government of such
employment of the military or naval foices, includ-
ing the pay and rations of officers and men, and the
transportation of them, their arms, munitions, and
supplies.
"V. A copy of all orders or regulations, printed or
written, general or special, in force in the military
or naval service of this Government at tbis time,
prescribing the circumstances under which the Army
or Navy, or any portion thereof, may in time of
peace move or otherwise act in aid of the civil
power, and ordaining what civil officer, if any, shall
be responsible for the conduct of the military or
naval forces toward the people, or for injuries in-
flicted by them on the people on such occasions, in
violation of tile law of the land.
"VI. What civil officers of the United States, or of
any State, have been since March 4,1869, or are now
recognized by the Administration as having author-
ity, otherwise than by the requisition of the Legis-
lature or Governor ot a State, to call upon the Pres-
ident, or, directly without his intervention, upon a
commander in the Army or Navy, for the services
of the Army and Navy, upon the ground of execut-
ing the laws of tbe United States or of a State, or of
regulating electionsor theregistration of voters, or of
preserving the public peace within the limits of any
State of the Union ; and whether or not, when such
commander is so called upon by a civil officer of the
United States, or of a State, he is permitted to make
independent inquiry into tho circumstances of the
case, or to exercise his own discretion as to the ne-
cessity and extent of the military or naval services
to be rendered by the forces under his command."
Mr. POOL. Now, sir, there was a resolu-
tion by the Senator from California calling for
every manner of information from the Pres-
ident, and raising up this whole subject. Was
it to be expected that the friends of the Pres-
ident when his political enemies were thus
calling for information would not call for it
too? After these two resolutions came the
resolution of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Moiiton,] in which he called for information,
and when that information came it was pro-
nounced by one of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts as showing such a condition of affairs
as would chill the blood of every man to read.
It was then that the Senator from Indiana
asked that it might be referred to a select
committee of this body. That select commit-
tee was raised, and was fairly constituted so
far as regards the two parties in the Senate.
That was the "cut and dried plan," was it?
But the minority Senators charge that this
was a "conspiracy." It was charged in
North Carolina last summer that the calling
out of troops by Governor Holden for the pur-
pose of putting down these outrages was a
conspiracy. Every one in this nation knows
that this Iiu Klux organization is a conspiracy.
Sir, this is but the old plan of a criminal
charging his own crimes upon other men.
That was the charge upon Governor Holden
last summer, and I suppose it is charged here
by the Senators because they were told it was
so by the very men who started it in North
Carolina. I cannot believe that any Senator
would undertake to charge a conspiracy upon
any members of this Senate unless they had
evidence or assurances from somewhere that
there was some truth in it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call his attention to
one important difference between my resolu-
tion, which he did me the honor to have read
just now, and that of the Senator from Indiana.
The Senate very promptly passed the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Indiana, but never
would allow me the small grace of even getting
mine before the body, notwithstanding some
efforts which I made in that direction.
Mr. POOL. But, sir, the minority report
goes on, and, having dropped the "conspir-
acy" and spoken of a "scheme," by name
refers to myself and to my late colleague, and
charges that we aided the " scheme" by sug-
gesting witnesses and by supplying interroga-
tories to the chairman of the committee. Now,
sir, one at least of these minority Senators had
learned from the chairman of the committee
himself, as he stated, I think, upon this floor
when he sat on the other side of the Chamber,
that we were requested to prevent persons from
thrusting themselves before the committee and
consuming its time who knew nothing, or who
were of bad character or wished to offer irrele-
vant testimony, and to suggest, as far as we
could, what should be the probable course of
examination to bring out the information of
any particular witness. I should have deemed
it my duty as a Senator from North Carolina,
without such a request, when the chairman
announced to me that my State was to be first
taken up, to manifest some interest in it. But,
sir, it is charged in this minority report, in a
connection that seems to cast reproach, after
one of the Senators at least bad been told by
the chairman of the committee why it was
done.
But it is said further that we escorted the
witnesses to the door of the committee room.
My colleague may have shown some witness
the door of the committee-room. I have often
shown strangers in this Capitol, even when I
did not know them and when they were not
from my State, the way to one place or another
when they would make inquiry of me. It may
be possible that on some occasion I pointed
to some witness either summoned by the mi-
nority or majority the door of that committee-
room ; but I never, to my recollection, escorted
any witness there, and I believe I can answer
as well for my colleague as for myself.
Mr. BAYARD. I must refresh the memory
of the Senator by telling him of the witness
who came to the door of that room upon his
arm. It was a Mr. Beid, a clergyman. I
remember it perfectly well, because I was
aware thoroughly to whom my colleague on
that committee [Mr. Scott] looked for his
information about witnesses. I think there
was no doubt on his part, and he had no hesi-
tation in speaking of the fact that Mr. Pool
was supplying these names and giving him
this information. I myself saw the Senator
coming to the door of the committee-room
with the witness, I believe, upon his arm or
standing close to him, and he was ushered
into that room by the Senator in my presence.
I merely recall the fact to his memory. I think
he has no doubt about it now.
Mr. POOL. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator for refreshing my memory in regard to
that particular witness. Mr. Reid is a vener-
able preacher in the Methodist church in North
Carolina, over seventy years of age, not a mem-
ber of the Republican party, not a member of
any party, who has the respect of all parties.
I think 1 do recollect that I accompanied him
from my hotel to this Capitol, and on my way
to my own committee-room I passed the door
of this committee room with this venerable
gentleman with me, and I suppose the Senator
from Delaware states truly that I accompanied
him even to the door ; but it was but a step or
two out of my way. I had forgotten the occur-
rence ; but what is there in that? Is that
escorting witnesses? There was a single wit-
ness summoned here by the Senator himself,
a venerable man, whose testimony did not
militate even against tbe Ku Klux, who would
say no harm of anybody when he was put upon
examination. The charge made in the report
was officiousness in carrying more than one
witness there. I am glad to know that the
Senator had even that foundation for his charge.
Having forgotten that occurrence, 1 thought
the charge was entirely gratuitous.
But, sir, the Senators charge that "at the
head of this conspiracy plainly stands William
W. Holden, the Governor of North Carolina."
If Governor Holden ever knew that the Sen-
ator from Indiana was about to introduce such
a resolution, if he ever expressed approbation
of it. if he ever had the slightest intimation of it,
or that there was about to be an investigation, or
that one was even thought of, I never knew it,
and I believe that if he had had the slightest
connection with it I should have known it. It
was never brought to my attention, and I will
guaranty that those minority Senators cannot
find a single man who will tell them that they
are correct in making this charge against the
Governor of North Carolina.
But why do they charge that the Governor
of North Carolina was the head and front of
this conspiracy? He was on trial before a
court composed mainly of his enemies, and I
do not think it was seemly in Senators to make
an attack on him in this way while he was un-
dergoing trial, unless there was some evidence
before them on the subject.
The reason assigned why Governor Holden
was into this conspiracy is that he had been
"cast out of office by the almost unanimous
voice ofabetrayed and injured constituency."
It being represented twice in this report that
the recent elections in North Carolina went
against the Republicans "almost unanimous-
ly," I desire to show how much ofaunammous
voice it was. Those elections resulted in fa-
vor of the Democracy by 4,219. There were
171,000 votes cast. Will the Senators say that
is unanimous, or approaching unanimity ?
Mr. BAYARD. Unanimity among the tax-
payers of the State.
Mr. POOL. Every man in North Carolina
over the age of twenty-one years is taxed ; but
there is not even that saving exception on page
3 of the minority report. Is it not strange
that Senators should suppose that 4,000 major-
ity out of 171,000 votes is a unanimous vote?
And how was that majority obtained? There
were kept from the polls 18,289 Republicans, if
the falling off in the Republican vote is to be
taken as an indication of how many were kept
from the polls. The Democracy increased
their vote only 3,089, but the Republican vote
was cut short 13,000 and upward ; and that is
the way in which the 4,000 majority, the
" unanimity," was secured.
Now, Mr. President, how was that done?
It was done by these Ku Klux organizations,
as an examination of the vote will show. I
will not go through all the counties of the
State to show how they operated to secure this
majority. It is enough that I take a few of
them, and I will take them alphabetically. I
will not take the county of Alamance or the
county of Caswell, as they were m insurrection,
and it would not be fair. I will come to the
next county, that of Catawba, in which A. L.
Ramsour, a man of high and pure character,
a member of the church, was taken from his
house and cruelly scourged in the presence of
his family, as detailed by the majority report,
and they told him they would stop whipping
him if he would promise to vote the Demo-
cratic ticket, and because he would not prom-
ise it and never did promise it, he was scourged
very terribly. In the county of Catawba, in
the former election, the Republicans cast 488
votes, but after these Ku Klux organizations,
in the last election, they cast but 149 votes.
There were 339 votes lost in that county,
where this organization was scourging men,
where they scourged Ramsour and others.
