1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
improvident action apprehension exists in the State
of bankruptcy?
"Answer. Yes, sir. X do not pretend to say the
Governor is a party to it He really appears to have
been more negligent than culpable."
That is the testimony of one of the directors,
Mr. Davidson, a witness summoned by these
Senators here; and that is all he says on the
'subject.
Mr. BAY"ARD. Allow me to supplement the
Senator's testimony a little farther from the
same witness, on page 137 of the testimony' 
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
proceed ?
Mr. BAYARD. It is on the same subject.
He is asked—
"Question. How could this amount of bonds of the
State have got into the hands of General Bittlefield
without the connivance of the Governor?
"Answer. Oh 1 the Governor know it; he is respons-
ible to some extent."
That is the same witness at another page;
and, if it will not be disturbing the course of
the Senator's remarks, I will further state that
if he will look at page 280 he will discover that
Judge Brooks of the United States court impli-
cates Governor Holden in the same way.
Mr. POOL. No, sir; he does no such thing.
I will come to that testimony. Just look at it.
Does any man fail to see how this charge is
brought against Governor Holden, and how
unjustly? The bonds could not get into the
president's hands without the complicity of
Governor Holden, it is said. Certainly not,
because the law required him to sign the bonds
and to issue them to the presidents of the roads.
He was bound to do it or to violate his oath
of office. He could have been compelled to
do it by mandamus if he had refused. He did
sign the bonds, as the law required him to do ;
he did deliver them to Littlefield, Svvepson,
and the others, as the law required him to do,
no man suspecting that a fraud was intended.
Any Governor on earth, however pure, would
have done the same thing; but that is seized
upon to show that it could not have been done
without Governor Holden's instrumentality!
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will permit
me, I will again state that the witness, David-
son. at page 138, asserts that these bonds were
issued by the Governor without the certificate
required by the law to be filed on the part of
the presidents of the roads, and that search
has been made for such certificates, but none
have been found and none were filed.
Mr. POOL. Now, Mr. President, you will
see how utterly impossible it is for me to go
into an explanation of everything connected
with that.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me,
I will read from the page the language of the
witness, so that there can be no mistake about
it. This is at page 138 of the testimony:
"The State became a corporator to the extent of
two thirds of the capital stock, and the charter pro-
vided that before the Governor should issue the
bonds, it should be certified to him that the stock-
holders who subscribed the other one third were
solvent men. and good for the amount subscribed.
But they made a bogus affair of it. I do not know
how they did it, but the bonds were issued. The
whole capital stock was §10,000,000.
"Question. Was the certificate given to the Gov-
ernor?
"Annoer. No, sir. Mr. Woodfin, the chairman of
thecommission.says ho cannot find any certificate."
That is the statement which I reminded the
gentleman of a little while ago and he contra-
dicted me.
Mr. POOL, I have heard before that the
certificate was misplaced; but I need not go
into an explanation of that; I have not time ;
but if a State court in North Carolina could
find, or even the United States courts could
find, that these bonds were issued contrary to
law, there would be proceedings taken very
quickly to protcct the interests of the State.
The fact is that they were issued in compli-
ance with law. If it should turn out otherwise
I shall be very glad as a citizen of North Car-
42n rViArn 1st Kwsa .—"NTn 19
olina. But I was reading the testimony of Mr.
Davidson when I was interrupted.
"Question. "Were not all parties at the time this
legislation took place in favor of internal improve-
ments?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I think there was no party vote
in these appropriations generally, but the result has
been disaster to the State in the management of
oertain parties, and that has produced dissatisfac-
tion. Who is to blame about it I cannot say."
There Mr. Davidson, like an honest man,
partisan as he is on the Democratic side,
comes out and tells the matter just as it
stands.
But Judge Brooks, of the United States dis-
trict court, is relied upon as a witness to show
the complicity of Governor Holden. Now just
see upon what Senators rely:
"Question. Was Governor Holden and his admin-
istration identified with this course of lavish and
reckless expenditure?
"Answer. In this way: some charge Governor Hol-
den with a participation in the profits that are sup-
posed to have been made out of these abomina-
tions, as some of us term them, this bad legislation.
I have never been prepared to think or to believe,
I would not hereexprcss the opinion, thatG^vernor
Holden bas participated in that way.
"Question. You mean participated by taking part
of the money?
"Answer. Yes, sir; our people, though, do holdhim
responsible in this way: they think he has failed to
do that which was in Ms power to have prevented
it."
To have prevented the legislation! Does
that show that he was a party to this corrup-
tion? I myself, though I was denouncing and
abusing them with all my might; though I
exerted myself from the very inception of the
legislation until the end of the whole affair
with all my power to prevent it, in the first
place, and afterward to bring to justice the
men who had robbed the State of these funds,
and denounced them in terms tenfold stronger
than have been used by any Senator here—I
may myself not have done all that could have
been done. I do not pretend to say that Gov-
ernor Holden did all that he could have done.
I know now of nothing that I could have done
that I did not do. I know of nothing that he
could have done that he did not do.
No, Mr. President; the truth is that there
is no testimony of any witness that fixes guilt
upon the Governor in this particular, and as
he vvas on his trial, about to be impeached, I
do not think it was becoming in Senators to
have charged him in this way.
But, sir, I wish to call attention to another
charge that was made against him by Senators,
of a much more serious character, and I wish
the two minority Senators to listen to it. The
minority report says:
"We annex hereunto the record of the superior
court of Chatham county. North Carolina, proving
his complicity in the crimes of arson and murder,
marked Exhibit A."
The Senators distinctly charge that he was
implicated in the crimes of arson and murder,
and make profert of the evidence. That is a
grave charge to bring against the Governor of
a State. It is remarkably strange that their
party friends did not put that as one of the
articles in the impeachment. They say that
exhibit marked A is the record of the superior
court of Chatham county. An incorrect im-
pression may be made by that declaration. I
think the Senators ought to have been a little
more accurate and careful in making the state-
ment. It is the record not of proceedings in
the superior court, but the record of a primary
examination before magistrates taken out in
the country a long time preceding the court.
Now, mark you, sir, the charge is that the
Governor is proved to be guilty of complicity
in arson and murder. That is the charge made
by the Senator from Missouri and the Senator
from Delaware against the late Governor of
North Carolina. Would you believe that by
the paper of which they make profert here it
appears that, though several parties were con-
victed, there was no murder committed; and
no charge of murder against one of them?
They were not indicted for murder; they were
not arrested for murder; and no murder was
committed; and yet the Senators say that
paper shows that Governor Holden was impli-
cated in the crime of murder!
Mr. BLAIR. The witnesses say that these
men belonged to a band for burning barns and
dwellings, and that they stationed aportion of
their number on purpose to shoot down the
proprietors of those barns and dwellings if
they attempted to drive them away or to put
out the fires and save their property.
Mr. BAYARD. At page 42 of the minority
report, I will remark to the Senator from
North Carolina, he will find the confession of
Alfred Jones, who states that they acted on
the written orders of Governor Holden :
"The order was for them all to carry their guns,
which they did do. Bent Clemens stuck fire to the
barn. They shot at Mr. Branch when hestartedout
to put out the fire."
When men go to burn barns, and carry arms
to shoot down the proprietor if he attempts to
extinguish the flames, if that is not an inten-
tion to commit murder, and if a man who is
complicated with that is not an accessory or a
principal in the crime of murder, I do not
know who would be.
Mr. POOL. Complicated in the crime of
murder when the crime has not been commit-
ted and is not even charged as having been
committed! But, sir, he is said to be compli-
cated in the crime ot arson. Profert is made
of this paper to prove it. Who shows that
Governor Holden had anything to do with that
Chatham county " red cowlick " association ?
Of all the witnesses examined only one of
them speaks of it, and that is Wilson Dewer,
and Wilson Dewer says that " Jim Howell told
him so."
Mr. BLAIR. There is not a single witness
called here on the part of the Radical prosecu-
tion who says he saw anything done. Every
witness called on the part of this investigation
committee merely speaks of something that
somebody told him.
Mr. POOL. There is not a particle of testi-
mony that the contents of those confessions
were read to them.
Mr. BAYARD. On page 41 the Senator
will find it.
Mr. POOL. They may have been read.
Mr. BAYARD. I thought the Senator
desired the facts.
Mr. POOL. I do desire facts, but I do not
desire to be interrupted so often and so much
when I have but little time left and much to say.
The charge, then, is distinct that he was
implicated in the crime of arson, and of all
the witnesses who were examined before the
magistrates out of court nobody but Wilson
Dewer mentions him, and he signs by his mark,
a poor, ignorant negro, who says Jim Howell
told him so. There were other witnesses ex-
amined, four or five of them members of this
club, or whatever it was, and not one single one
of them charges Governor Holden with having
issued any such order, and upon the trials that
occurred afterward and upon the convictions
no witness at all ever proved, and no one ever
believed, that such an order ever was issued
by the Governor of the State. Why, sir, it was
not"even charged in the Democratic papers of
the State at the time.
Mr. BLAIR. The witness says it was read.
He heard it read.
Mr. POOL. Did Governor Holden sign the
order?
Mr. BLAIR. It was an order from Governor
Holden, a written order, read in his presence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from North Carolina yield?
Mr. POOL. I have yielded until I have
nearly yielded my time out, and I have much
to say.
