1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
and violence and crime is prevalent in the
States lately in rebellion. At a safe distance,
they advise opposition to the legislation of
Congress, to the administration of the Presi-
dent. They prevent the acquiescence in
events, the devotion to business, and the heal-
ing of wounds, which are the preliminaries of
pacification. Stop the northern blasts from
Tammany Hall and the council chambers of
the Democracy, and you will hear little of
southern outrages. Can you prevent them by
legislation? Is this Administration responsible
for them ?
So long as the embers lie uubaried it is pos-
sible for partisan ingenuity to stir them to
livid heat, to fan them into consuming fire.
No law and no Executive can stifle human
passions, can quench the wildness of lawless
conspiracy, organized and sustained in the
interest of a great political party. But, by
exposure and discussion, you can make the
offense of that party against humanity and the
Republic intelligible to all men and -notorious
beyond the force of impudence to deny. Thus
you can make it for the interest of that party
to cease its machinations. You may not be
able to shame it nor to frighten it; but it is
shrewd, and when its loss is apparent by the
policy of outrages at the South, that party will
lie'p to stop them.
Years at best the embers of the strife would
smolder. Run the plowshare of industry
deep among them and turn tliem under the
green turf. Let the showers of material pros-
perity drench them. Then, by patience and
by time, they will be transformed into pro-
ductive and beneficent elements of the soil.
Now, any mischief-maker may rake them up,
at.d they will glow with lurid light and with
destroying heat. Something may be done by
Congress, and it must be done efficiently. But
the real work must be done at home. Laws
must be sustained by moral sentiment and
personal effort must supplement official action.
Then not too much marching of armies will be
required. The peace which is to "come to
stay" must have its home in the hearts of the
people.
And for a like reason amnesty must have a
basis in society and in feeling on the soil. It
is absurd for Congress to remove disabilities
from those who were chiefs in the rebellion,
while that very class are busy impeaching Re-
publican officials on political pretexts and
imposing disabilities by the lash, the scourge,
the bowie-knife, and the pistol. Concede pro-
tection to loyal men ; let citizens be rendered
safe, not by law and force only, but by mutual
alliance and friendly purposes, and no limit
can be set to the magnanimity of the American
people and of their Representatives. For, as
they have demonstrated their heroism by great
deeds of conflict, they can and will seek peace
by methods equally chivalric. But to that
result cooperation is demanded on the part of
all classes of the southern people. Good feel-
ing must be reciprocal.
On the part of Congress the first step has
been to pull the mask from the face of this
monstrous conspiracy and to show it in its
Horrid deformity. The report of the Senate
committee has let the light, in upon a single
State, and the Ku-Klux sits at the mouth of
its cave, a Giant Despair mumbling over the
bones of his victims. The proposed joint com-
mittee will do more work of the same kind;
and the conspiracy will retreat as it advances.'
That committee will be only the head-light of
the national power. It will be well if before
it the new barbarism will scatter and disap-
pear. For, sure as the fiat of God, men, and
not masks, are to rule this laud. Law and
administration must enlist to establish civiliz-
ation, an orderly industry, courts open to all,
and absolute protection for every citizen. With
them cooperates every moral influence: books
and journals, human thought and the world's
progress. "Day unto day uttereth speech."
Let the statute yon are now considering add its
educational force. It would be well, indeed,
if both parties on this floor would unite in de-
claring that every American citizen has about
him the panoply of a Government of forty
million people pledged to each other's defense
in every legal right. If that may not be, at all
events let the majority of this House, of both
Houses, record in law the sacred obligation of
personal protection to every inhabitant and
appeal to every moral and beneficent influence
to join with us in the crusade of peace.
\Vre have aright to ask the Democratic party
to withhold its insidious poison, to cease its
instigations to violence, to stop the devices
for "firing the southern heart," to bid its par-
tisans obey the laws. We have a right to coun-
sel all classes at the South, for their own sake
and for the honor of the Union, to trample out
lawlessness and do the works of peace. And
we rely now, as in the long, dark days, upon
the Republican party to arouse the national
conscience, to stiffen popular determination,
to consecrate all moral influences and all the
power of the Government, to protect the weak
and the defenseless, and to maintain and per-
petuate the equal rights of every citizen by
secure liberty under law.
Mr. BIGGS, having obtained the floor, said :
Mr. Speaker, I would be glad to know how
much time I am to be allowed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
floor for thirty minutes.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that, being the only Representative of one of
the sovereign States of this Union, I would,
when so fortunate as to obtain the floor, be
entitled to sixty minutes instead of thirty.
But, sir, as my State is small I presume I am
entitled justly to small time. [Laughter.] I
shall, however, in the discussion of the ques-
tion now before us endeavor to express myself
in such a way that I may be understood not
only by my Democratic friends but by my
Republican friends upon the other side of this
Chamber.
Sir, some weeks ago I said in this House a
case would be made up, however lame and
impotent, to justify Radical leaders in insti-
tuting more force measures for the South, and
probably the use of the military under carpet-
bag and scalawag auspices like that of Holden
and Kirk in North Carolina. In thus saying,
or in referring to its verification by the pend-
ing state of affairs, I lay no claim to being a
prophet or the son of a prophet. "The way-
faring men, though fools, cannot err" in the
wicked designs of the foremost leader in polit-
ical diabolism in this House, any more than
men did when he voted fifty-two times for
Jefferson Davis in the Charleston convention
in base betrayal of the feelings and views of
those who sent him there ; he was foremost in
breaking up the Democratic convention at Bal-
timore, and subsequently rode to his profit in
position by directing the whirlwind and storm
of war and desolation to the South. When he
and the like traitors from the old national
Democratic party have so large control in
the councils of the dominant party there can
never be a moment of security against hideous
machinations of party if the desperation of its
fortunes require them.
So, Mr. Speaker, when the indications were
rife that we were to have an early adjournment,
the notable, not to say remarkable, demonstra-
tion of Radical leaders against what should
lead to needed general legislation, I made no
doubt that what would immediately and con-
spicuously subserve Radical partisanship would
by hook or crook get foot-hold in legislation,
while such measures as are called for by
the people, and which are embarrassing to
Radical policy and fortunes, would be sup-
pressed. I was not deceived as to what would
transpire to consummate the fell purpose of
Radical partisanship when it was pretended
here that there should be no more agitation
concerning alleged outrages in the South
than what would come from raising a commit-
tee to inquire in the recess into the real facts
of the situation.
Accordingly, the leading characters, in
fomenting mischief in our political affairs, even
to the overturning of the most patent and
revered constitutional guarantees in behalf of
the sacred rights of the States, have concluded,
with the President., to cast a fire-brand into our
councils in the form of a demand, not to in-
quire into facts as to the southern situation in
a form usual and appropriate to the Congress
of the United States, but to adopt unheard-of
legislation, in subversion of State rights, and
authority whereby the Federal arm may raise
those convulsions in the southern States which,
if possible, shall incite the southern people to
the point of resistance and lead to another
civil war, by which the northern heart shall be *
so fired against the South as that it may forget
the crimes of the party in power and their
own distresses, which were precipitated by the
late war in decimated households, and since
by a crushing weight of taxation.
The men in executive power feel that by such
foul means alone can they be continued in the
high places of the land. Therefore theyhave
the audacity to call upon this House to change
its first position of one of inquiry as to the outcry
of carpet baggers and scalawags of the South,
concerning alleged outrages upon them and
their like, to one of a violent assumption that
such exist, and of the consequent necessity of
a monstrous stride in legislation, usurping
State rights in contravention both of old and
newprovisions of the Constitution, and utterly
without precedent in our history, to repress
disorders and lawlessness in States in times of
peace.
That peace exists with a wonderful measure
of prosperity, all things considered, in the
South so soon after the close of a prolonged
and fearful civil war, which convulsed both
sections of the Union and called into active
operation their best energies, has been admit-
ted on all hands. It was declared by the Pres-
ident and by you, Mr. Speaker, and by the
Governors of the States where the outrages are
alleged to exist by partisan Radical tricksters.
These allegations have been so much quoted
by gentlemen on this side of the House, and
particularly in the able speech by the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
that I will not reiterate tbem even for my con-
stituents. They as well as every member of
this House, and every intelligent man in the
country, know or feel that if their interest
required them to make the South their home
they could do so with safety, and would do so.
A man of sense, however, and good feeling
would not go to the South to gloat over the
conquest of its people or their misfortunes,
and to associate himself with the former slaves
and incite them to ill-feeling and bad acts
toward the whites. Nor would he seek to ride
into power upon the backs of the former bond-
men, to aggrandize himself by the advantages
which power and place give the profligate and
corrupt to direct public policy in selfish chan-
nels and to rob the public treasure by direc-
tion and indirection.
That such a state of things exists in nearly
all the States of the South is perfectly patent,
and is admitted on all hands. The telegrams
from the South tell the story daily of a fearful
suffering by the people in the actual mulcting
of them in money and products by their scal-
awag authorities and the entailing of monstrous
debts upon the States, as was so well shown
by the honorable gentleman fiom Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.] It is but a day since that we
received accounts by telegraph of the uprising
of the people of Louisiana and South Caro-
lina against the corrupt pack that have plunged
those States into an almost hopeless condi-
tion of bankruptcy.
So it is with North Carolina, and so it is
substantially with the rest of the southern
States. Men who were mere adventurers from
abroad, and those who were before nobodies
