416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
at home, have suddenly become possessed of
immense wealth at the expense of the people,
who suffer under an exhausting taxation, and
whose name and.character are brought to
grief by the apparent impossibility of discharg-
ing the public debt, which has been fastened
upon them without present or prospective
compensating advantages.
It is, I repeat, natural that the people of the
South should feel hostile to the parties that
are plundering them and piling upon them,
mountain-high, burdens too grievous to be
borne. And" when such parties add to their
grave and gross offenses, or the excusing or
palliating of them, those of the neighborhood
that are scandalous, offensive, and obnoxious
to the commonest sentiment of decency, it is
not strange that scenes of violence or lawless-
ness arise, which, in other days in the West,
the South, and the Southwest, frequently sought
the sudden remedy of lynch law, now termed in
some localities Ku Klux outrages, and which
in the North often took the form of punish-
ment by an angry and infuriated mob.
But to hear the hypocritical cant and denun-
ciation of lawless acts that occur under great
provocation at the South, one might think,
who had no memory, that the like never had
existed elsewhere in the country. Who does
not remember, I believe, the rule which crys-
tallized into law the vigilance committee in
California ? Those who burned the nunnery in
Charlestown, Massachusetts, were never pun-
ished. So of those who burned churches in
Philadelphia, or those who twice terrorized
and overturned the authorities at Harrisburg,
in Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg to say to the gentle-
man that the church-bumers in Philadelphia
were convicted and punished.
Mr. HOAR. And I beg to say that the
riotors who burned the Charlest#wn convent
were convicted and punished.
Mr. BIGGS. And those offenders were
punished under the laws of Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts, respectively. The people of
those States never came to the Congress of the
United States asking us to pass laws for the
punishment of those grievous offenses.
Mr. KELLEY. As prosecuting attorney
of the city of Philadelphia I indicted and
prosecuted the offenders referred to; and they
were convicted.
Mr. BIGGS. Thefact redounds to the gen-
tleman's credit. The Democrats of this coun-
try say that whenever an offense is committed
against the laws of Pennsylvania or Massachu-
setts, or any other State, the offenders should
be brought to justice by the local authorities,
without any application to the Congress of the
United States for the passage of a law con-
flicting with State rights and State authority.
Mr. KELLEY. That is the point. In what
southern State has any Ku Klux been tried or
convicted? 1 would like the gentleman to name
one such case in all the southern States.
Mr. BIGGS. I have only thirty minutes,
and twelve of them have already gone. I
hope the gentleman will not interrupt me.
Mr. NIBLACK. I object to the gentleman
from Delaware being interrupted without his
consent.
Mr. KELLEY. I would not have interposed
if the gentleman had not misrepresented mv
State.
Mr. BIGGS. I would not intentionally mis-
represent the gentleman. I ask, who was ever
punished for the expulsion of the Mormons
from Illinois; and are they not themselves, in
their position of strength in Utah, a standing
state of insurrection against fundamental prin-
ciples of public policy, if not of law?
The coal regions of Pennsylvania have been
for a considerable period of time in hostile
attitude to the law and to the rights of citizens;
mob law rules. I believe there was once a
state of war between Ohio and Michigan. Do-
mestic war and violence once existed in Rhode
Island; mobs have had more or less sway, for
longer or shorter periods, in many cities and
localities. They have arisen too largely from
political causes. But in all former times they
have subsided or been suppressed, or have been
tolerated and have gone unpunished, under
State auspices. No action of Congress has
been invoked to interfere in such matters under
the pretended authority of provisions of the
Constitution to enforce republican government
or to protect the lives, liberty,-and property
of citizens of the United States.
What member is there of this House, or what
intelligent citizen is there in this country, who
has not often in his time, within his own neigh-
borhood, or in his own town or city, been cog-
nizant of violence or lawlessness, of a mob char-
acter, by which property has been destroyed
or personal rights interfered with illegally,
resulting sometimes in death or wounding,
and at best in the flight of parties who were
obnoxious to the community. Such things are
occurring even now throughout the country;
and if each day's lawlessness of the kind were
gazetted it would fill columns upon columns in
the press. Even as it is, if one looks over the
exchanges of a leading journal, he will find a
long chapter of offenses of a mob character.
They are by no means confined to the South,
but rather to the North and West, where unde-
tected and unprincipled perpetrators of crimes,
both singly and in couples, or in larger num-
bers, have a remarkable ingenuity in their dark
and criminal transactions. Now, on account
of this state of things, or such of a superior
character in atrocity as I have referred to, is
it worth while, even if it were constitutional,
to turn back all the policy of this Government
in such matters and inaugurate what shall be
a usurpation of governmental powers and an
overthrow of State rights? Certainly not. Yet
if the atrocious bill now before the House, Mr.
Speaker, were to pass, there would be lacking
uot a single element to justify the forcible
intervention of the Federal Government, in one
way or another, concerning lawless acts in
States, and to make such States utterly sub-
servient to the Federal arm or to the willful
and capricious power of the Executive. Fed-
eral authorities or agents in judicial capacities
would swarm in the country, and the military
and militia power of the Government would
subordinate and crush out State jurisdictions
in respect to crime.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as this bill applies to
the punishment of offenses in all the country,
and as those of the character named in it may
be expected to continue in the future as they
have existed in the past, are honorable mem-
bers prepared to go home, and meeting their
constituents, to say to them, we have by law
done what has never before been done in our
history, whatever the provocation, namely:
authorized the punishment of crimes and of-
fenses of a personal character among us under
the Federal tribunals, which shall be of equal
authority in criminal cases with our own State
courts, and in many cases shall be of superior
authority, and of an altogether extraordinary
character?
First, for the violation of the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of the citizen a civil
remedy is to be had by proceedings in the
Federal courts, State authorization in the
premises to the contrary notwithstanding.
Second, parties conspiring to commit inju-
ries are to be punished in the Federal courts
for the act of one of them, and the criminal
code of the United States is substituted for
that of States. Federal judges or commis-
sioners are to take the place of State officials.
Third, the bill goes still further, and to the
extraordinary, not to say tyrannical length of
authorizing the President, at his option or
caprice, without action in Congress, to em-
ploy the military, naval, or militia forces to
enforce laws; and to that end he may suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, and declare and
enforce martial law in any part of the coun-
try.
This power of the President, in the nature
of absolutism, is to be exercised to suppress
alleged criminal acts of conspiracy, not upon
application of States, but without them, and
upon the theory that they areparticipes crim-
inis by not enforcing their own laws.
If there be not power enough thus granted
to the President to control the elections in this
country then those who have originated this
new, last, and worst feature of Federal usurp-
ation upon the rights of States have misjudged;
aad yet other abominations may be in the womb
of time. Such a one as an amendment of the
Constitution abolishing State governments and
substituting military districts would not be a
great step beyond the conditionary State sub-
ordination to the Executive of the United
States, if this bill be passed. Indeed, what is
to hinder the President, under its provisions,
from preventing elections in such States as he
may please, by the exercise of the power, to
declare martial law upon pretenses of a condi-
tion of lawlessness in them?
That this is the purpose of the bill I doubt
not, and so considered, not less than stripping
State courts of criminal jurisdiction to confer
it upon Federal courts. 1 predict it will be as
hateful to the people as the alien and sedition
laws, and, like them, will cover its authors and
those who exercise powers under it all over
with public odium, and, so far as official posi-
tion is concerned, consign them to the tomb
of the Capulets.
As an indication of the popular wrath to
come, the New York Evening Post, a Repub-
lican newspaper, says:
"Let not the Republicans in Congress attempt to
deceive the country with a sham."
It asserts that the—
"Supreme Court will declare the act, if passed, to
be unconstitutional, and if enforced it will break
down and overthrow our whole system of govern-
ment, and subject us to a centralized despotism like
that of Napoleon in France."
It adds:
"In the mean time any attempt to enforce such bad
and dangerous acts will make all concerned in it
justly odious; and there is no better or quicker way
to bring the Republican party into disrepute than
by adopting such an unconstitutional and revolu-
tionary act as this."
The New Nation and the New York Sun take
like views as the Post, and doubtless before
thisdiscussion shall terminate honorable mem-
bers will have heard from other independent
journals of the Republican party, and from its
sound thinkers who are not mere partisans, that
the country is struck with terror and amaze-
ment at the great usurpation of State rights
that is contemplated by the measure now before
Congress.
Republican opinion exists in numerous quar-
ters, both of the press and of the people at
large, that the remedy for the disorders at the
South is the adoption of a general amnesty
law, whereby the citizens, who are as good as
the bad in their neighborhood, shall not chafe
under a sense of degrading disabilities under
proscriptive legislation growing out of the late
civil war. It were much better, Mr. Speaker,
for this House to act in consistence with this
great and growing sentiment in the Republican
party than to heed the violent counsels of
short-sighted place-hunters and place men by
inflicting still greater pains and penalties upon
the southern people.
Nor is the fact to be lost sight of that in
respectable quarters of journalism, as well as
among citizens, the idea is expressed, as I have
heretofore declared, that the immediate cause
of the alleged outrages in the South is to be
found in the unparalleled robbery and corrup-
tion practiced by the alien governments, with
the help of their ignorant and corrupt legis-
lators, and that the struggles now going on in
the heart of society in the former slave States
are not to be improved by much mingling of
the United States authority therein. This
is substantially the declaration of the New York
Sun, a Republican journal of great ability,
circulation, and influence.
