1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. of Reps.
truth. It becomes then an infamous inquisi-
tion, where the most odious and loathsome
wretches that pollute the earth are eagerly
embraced for the sake of their wholesale per-
juries and scalding calumnies. They know they •
are sustained by a great party, and the value of
their services they understand depends on the
amount and skill of their falsehoods. If they
can retail nothing in the committee-room the
great leaders of the party, the dispensers of a
nation's patronage, turn their backs on them as
useless rubbish. If, on the other hand, they
can concoct a tale of horror that will rend well
on the eve of an election, if they can manu-
facture some sinister and ferocious conspiracy
and recite it well to the committee, their con-
sequence is magnified and a good office is
secured by way of pay for political services ren-
dered. This is no new phase of human nature.
It is very old as well as very mean. The crea-
tures who have recently been before an in-
vestigating committee of the Senate have had
many a counterpart in history. Their names
are all synonyms of infamy, as the names of
these scavengers who are now trying by per-
jury to drench this land again in blood will be
in all time to come. The low-browed villain
of English history, Titus Oates, by his false
oath, murdered many innocent people on the
scaffold and on the streaming and gory block.
He had his day of power. Vast crowds fol-
lowed him, and the most exalted in the king-
dom patronized and welcomed him. His word
made the purest, the noblest, and the best
turn pale and make ready for death. But
with what satisfaction the historian records the
close of his career! The scourge, the brand-
ing iron, the cropping knife, the pillory, and
the cart's-tail all befell him. And a similar
fate, and more also, would be the just reward
of those who are now engaged, by false swear-
ing, in precipitating death and ruin into the
midst of peaceful and law-abiding communi-
ties.
Sir, it is to your interest as a party that
lawlessness should prevail, or at least appear
to prevail, in the southern States. It is a
strong dieton which to feed the prejudices and
antipathies of the northern people. Y ou have
tried it often before, and you are trying now
again. It is to the interest of the Democratic
party, on the other hand, to have peace. We
suffer by every disorder that takes place or
that is falsely alleged to have taken place at
the South. How do parties as well as persons
act upon questions of self-interest? Is it dif-
ficult to answer? If a murder or any other
crime has been committed in a community,
and there is but one person within yonr knowl-
edge who was or could be benefited thereby,
would not your gravest suspicions at once fall
on him? Is not this arule of reason, as well
as of the written law of the land ? Apply it to
the subject now under discussion. You, as a
party, are benefited by murder, by riot, by in-
surrection, and by general disobedience to law
in the South. It follows, therefore, that the
unscrupulous leaders of your party will labor
first to create murder, riot, insurrection, and
disobedience to law in that section, and, fail-
ing to accomplish these diabolical purposes,
they will, by false witnesses and unfounded
clamors, labor to make the people believe that
such crimes exist when they do not. The con-
dition of your party at this time is well under-
stood. The grinding in your mill is low. Your
hopper is running almost empty. A new grist
of southern outrages, whether spurious or
genuine, must be poured in. On all the great
q uestions of domestic economy, bonds, finances,
revenue, taxation, tariff, and San Domingo,
you are bankrupt of political capital. You
seek to reinstate yourselves by an issue on
which you think you can inflame anew the
almost extinguished animosities of the war.
I have demonstrated, however, that your own
allies in the South prove your issue to be false,
and you will signally fail.
It is a miserable spectacle to behold a polit-
ical party endeavoring to build its fortunes on
the ordinary frailties and the average amount
of crime in any State or locality. No spot on
the civilized globe is entirely free from the dis-
orders that arise from the fallen and sinful
nature of man. Evil spirits infest alike every
State of this Union and every nation beneath
the sky. If there was everywhere perfect and
absolute obedience to law, if no statute was
ever broken, we would have the Utopian gov-
ernment of Plato established or the Garden of
Paradise restored. As it is, however wise and
just, men in public life legislate for society and
for human nature as it has been proven and
known to be for all the ages of the past. Doubt-
less the South has her full average of crime, as
the North also has. There is not a State in the
North within whose borders at some time or
other there has not been summary punishment
inflicted without trial upon criminals or sup-
posed criminals. As there was no party capi-
tal, however, in the subjects at the time, no one
attempted to overthrow their State govern-
ments on that account.
But it is the duty of all men to oppose and
denounce lawlessness everywhere. It is the
interest too, as well as the duty of the party to
which I belong, to do so. There never was a
man upon this floor more utterly and entirely
opposed to the riotous, the lawless, and the
marauding spirits of the land than I am. My
whole nature and all my instincts are at war
with such people. And as the time now rapidly
approaches when, in my judgment, the Demo-
cratic party will obtain the control of the coun-
try, I here proclaim as far as my voice will
reach, that "obedience to the Constitution and
the laws " will be the sign in which we will
conquer, and will be the motto of a Democratic
Administration. We will enforce the laws and
keep the peace everywhere. We will do it in
the South ; we will do it in the North. We
will disband masked highwaymen if there are
any. We will restore the confidence of the
people in the equity and justice of their Gov-
ernment. We will do this without such law-
less legislation as is here proposed ; and by
building up instead of destroying popular
rights.
No party is fit to aspire to the supreme
responsibilities of this Government which does
not consecrate itself to the maintenance of
order and the security of life, liberty, and
property to the utmost limits of its vast bound-
aries. This shall be our mission, and this we
will do if the power is placed in our hands.
We bring you already the proofs of sincerity,
the fruits of our faith. I have pointed you to
Virginia. I point you also to West Virginia.
I am reminded of her by one of her distin-
guished Representatives on this floor, [Mr.
Hereford.] She was born in the midst of
storm and revolution, ripped untimely from
her mother's womb, and, until the last few
months, remained under Radical rule from the
hour of her birth. During all this time she
was garrisoned by Federal soldiers. Jt was
deemed necessary in order to preserve the
peace and security of the State. When she
rose up, however, and broke the shackles of
party despotism, never again to be fastened on
her proud young limbs, and gave the control
of her future destiny to the Democratic party,
a singular spectacle was witnessed. The troops
are all withdrawn. Not an armed soldier now
menaces her people or treads her soil, and yet
the sun in its course through the heavens shines
not on a more orderly, law-abiding political
Commonwealth on the whole face of the earth.
The Democratic party has brought to her civil
government, the removal of the military, and
perfect domestic tranquillity. Will not the
country trust that party which gives repose and
peace and prosperity to every State where it
has secured the ascendency ?
I have seen it stated by my colleague in the
other end of the Capitol [Mr. Morton] that
the issues in the canvass of 1872 were to be
confined to this wretched subject on which this
dreary debate is drawing to a close. We can
well afford such an issue and crush him and
his followers with the facts, but he sadly un-
derrates the intelligence and the wants of the
people. The laboring masses are asking for
bread* and he would give them a stone. They
ask for a fish and he would give them a snake.
The tax-payers want equal taxation. Why
does he not give them that? The wealthy
escape taxation on their most productive capi-
tal. What does he propose on this vital ques-
tion? The bondholder is getting millions in
gold for his bonds when gold is not his due.
A vast, gigantic robbery, misnamed the tariff,
overshadows all the land and plunders the
hard earnings of every toiling household.
What relief does my colleague and his party
bring forward in behalf of the laborer ? The
Administration is spending upward of a hun-
dred millions of the people's money more than
an honest and economical Administration
could render the same service for. Profligacy
prevails in high places; offices are bartered as
openly as upon a stock exchange, for pay; the
odor of corrupt jobs and fraudulent schemes
taint the air in every direction, and fraud and
peculation is charged upon the Administration
under the sanction of the oldest and most hon-
ored names in the Republican party. These
questions are here at our own doors, and the
people will enter into judgment upon them at
the earliest possible opportunity, and in the
spirit of unrelenting justice. They will not be
subordinated by other issues presented by de-
signing men to lead the minds of the people
away from their real interests.
Another shameless statement made by my
colleague occurs to me. To what desperation
must a party leader be reduced when he can
assume sufficient audacity to state that the
Democratic party if placed in power would
pay the rebel debt, and also pay for the slaves
set free by the late war! There never was a
man who believed this statement; not even the
man who made it. Everybody knows it to be
false and made to deceive. I but speak the
sentiment of the entire party to which I belong
when I say that not one dollar will ever be
paid for the purposes stated by my colleague.
It is time that fraudulent and designing asser-
tions like this should be met the moment they
are uttered and denounced as they deserve.
And now for a few moments let us inspect
the provisions of this bill, inspired as it is by
the waning and decaying fortunes of the party
in power, and called for, as I have shown, by
no public necessity whatever. The first and
second sections are designed to transfer all
criminal jurisdiction from the courts of the
States to the courts of the United States. This
is to be done upon the assumption that the
courts of the southern States fail and refuse to
do their duty in the punishment of offenders
against the law. Upon this assumed fact, you
propose to commit a violation of the Consti-
tution yourselves and break down the judicial
system of this Government. But I again deny
your assumption. I deny that the cause which
you allege for this assault upon the judiciary of
the States exists. I deny that the adminis-
tration of justice in the South is a failure, and
I again call your own witnesses to overthrow
your assertions.
Sir, when you reconstructed the States of
the South you sifted all the public offices in
that section free from every taint or speck
of disloyalty. Your test and iron-clad oaths
