180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[April 6;
Ho. or Keps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Mercur,
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
excluded from all places of trust, honor, and
profit every man and every class of men who
were not in political agreement with yourselves.
Thus the courts with all their machinery, from
the Potomac to the Rio Grande, passed into
your hands, and there, with but rare exceptions,
they remain to this day. The judges, the pros-
ecuting attorneys, the sheriffs, and the very
bailiffs, are only such as can take the Radical
test-oath before they enter upon the duties of
their offices. Ninety-nine out of every hundred
of these officials throughout the South belong
to your party and vote your ticket. Tliis you
know and the whole country knows, and yet
you all stand up here and deliberately assert
that they will not enforce the laws against
crime ! Even if your charge was true, upon
whom would the shame and dishonor rest?
Certainly upon your party for elevating such
men to office, and not upon mine.
If your statements on this floor are correct,
they simply show that there are more knaves
belonging to your party holding official stations
than even I had supposed. The necessity
which you allege for the first two sections of
this measure is a terrible impeachment of
Radical office holders in the South and falls
harmless at our feet on this side of the Cham-
ber. If"llic laws are not enforced, 1 ask you
why? Aro your judges corrupt? Are your
prosecuting attorneys incompetent, or worse?
Are your sheriffs in league with this midnight
marauding devil called Kit Klux? The courts
are held every day, every week, and every
month in the year in that section. I have
never heard of their being disturbed or broken
up, except in the recent instance at Meridian,
Mississippi, where a Radical negro shot and
killed a presiding magistrate while on the
bench. There aro laws against every form
of crime in all t,he States. Their enforcement
is initio hands of your own partisans every-
where. Yes, and 1 will rescue your judiciary
in the South from much of the obloquy you
have heaped upon it.
I will nut permit you to thus sacrifice and
disgtace your paity allies in the South for the
sake of political capital at the North. 1 here
assert, I hat, they are doing their duty reasonably
well in the administration of justice; that
your partisans connected with the judiciary of
the Slates in the South are doing better than
their brethren in any of the other offices in that
aillietod region. Have they asked you for as-
sistance? Has a single one complained that
he is obstructed in his duties? Has a judge in
a single instance invoked protection for his
court? llasany attorney of the Commonwealth
asked for a guard while he was engaged in
bringing desperate malefactors to justice?
HaVe the sheriffs reported that they could not
servo process and called for troops to act as an
armed posse comitatusl Nothing of all this;
not a word. All iliese officials, more than a
thousand in number, are thus the most pow-
erful witnesses against you. Their silence is
conclusive. While the air is hero vexed with
your ravings, they aie pursuing the even tenor
of their ways at the very places where you lo-
cate your imaginary horrors; and ihey neither
see nor hear the frightful secnes which your
distempered fancies have conjured up and sent
forth from these resounding halls.
But the chief wickedness of this bill is con-
tained in the third and fourth sections. By
them every power of the Government is sur-
rendered absolutely and without the slightest
reservation to one man. The President is
authorized to decide without the aid or ad-
vice of any one when and where there is insur-
rection, domestic violence, unlawful combina-
tions or conspiracies in any Slate; whether
they obstruct or hinder the execution of the
laws; whether they deprive any portion or
class of people of such State of any of their
rights, privileges, or immunities; whether the
constituted authorities of the State are unable
or from any cause fail or refuse protection of
the people in such rights, and whether these
constituted authorities have failed or neglected
to call upon the Federal Government for aid
when it was needed. When he has decided
this wide range of fact for himself and in his
own way, he is authorized to " take such meas-
ures by the employment of the militia, or the
land and naval forces of the United States, or
of either, or by other means, as be may deem
necessary" to suppress whatever he may call
an insurrection, domestic violence, or unlaw-
ful combinations.
This is an accurate and correct statement
of the third section, and I pronounce it the
most horrible legislation that ever polluted
the records of this Government. Tell me what
there is to prevent the President from making
war and moving with the Army into every
State in this Union the day after this mon-
strous measure becomes a law. Is he not
empowered to determine the facts upon which
he is to act, and then to take the whole mili-
tary power of the Government and do with it
as be pleases ; do what he deems necessary ;
do whatever he wants to do for his own suc-
cess and aggrandizement? Not one word of
this can be denied. Here are these powers
plainly written down in this most unrighteous
measure. There is not a king or an emperor
in the world at this hour who possesses a power
to make war upon his own subjects so unlim-
ited, so completely within his own discretion
as is here wantonly given to an American Exec-
utive to invado and attack the homes of Ameri-
can citizens.
This is not the language of extravagance.
Every civilized nation upon earth bears witness
to the truth of my declaration. You tender
General Grant the sword and toll him to wield
it upon his countrymen ill any direction he
chooses; strike whenever his passions, his
hates, his ambition, or his interests dictate,
and upon such cause or provocation as to him
alone may appear sufficient. Do you wish to
establish lawless tyranny in this land? Here
is its charter. Do you desire to raise up and
clothe a lawless tyrant in the executive chair?
This measure would tempt a far better, wiser,
and more virtuous magistrate than is now at
the head of our national affuirs, It would
breed thoughts of unholy and unlawful ambi
lion and hatch forth schemes of treason agaiust
liberty in a far humbler and more undesigning
heart than that which now heats with impa
lience for the passage of this despotic and
infamous bill. There was but one thing more
needed to make this blasphemy against free
institutions complete, and it is to be found in
the fourth section. The President is there
authorized to suspend, whenever the whim or
fancy seizes him, that great writ of human lib-
erty, the writ of habeas corpus, which for more
than two hundred years in .England the royal
mandate has not dared to touch, and which
only during the convulsions of a dreadful civil
war was ever suspended in this country. The
Executive can smite the land at his own impe-
rial will with steel and fire and blood, and fill
the prisons as he goes with those whose lives
are spared. You make him a creature of un-
bridled license; the chief of a pirate band is
not more so. His own will is his law, and you
withdraw from him every shadow of restraint
by this enactment.
Mr. Speaker, my hope for the redress of
such wrongs as this measure inflicts is in the
intelligence and justice of the people. They
perceive the designs of the party in power.
You have already enacted a law authorizing
the use of military force at every voting pre-
cinct in the United States. Now you propose
to make the present Executive an omnipotent
and irresponsible ruler; to place in his hands
the issues of life and death, peace and war,
liberty, property, and all the rights that organ-
ized human society cherish and prize as sacred.
There is method in all this legislation. It has
a purpose as plain as if it was avowed here in
this discussion. You are laying the ax at the
roots of the tree, and it means that the tree in
due time is to fall. Usurpation is intended ;
how much and how far is to be determined by
circumstances and party necessities. You are
preparing fully and carefully to defy the popu-
lar will if it should be expressed against you.
All this is now too plain to be doubted or de-
nied by intelligent, candid minds. The coun-
try is warned in time. ] cannot believe that
you will be sustained in such outrages upon all
those great civil rights for which governments
are instituted among men. If the American
people will uphold such measures of legisla-
tion as this and the law for the use of the bay-
onet at the polls, then they will not only lose
their liberties and bow their necks to the yoke
of bondage, but they will deserve the fate which
they might have averted while they were yet
free. But I have no such gloomy misgivings.
I believe your party will be driven from power,
and that the dawn of a long and brilliant career
of peace, order, wealth, and prosperity is
about to break upou the land and relieve the
people from the reign of faction, plunder, and
misrule.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. ULYSSES MERCUK,
O? PENNSYLVANIA,
ix the House of Representatives,
April 0, 1871.
Tho House having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No.320) to enforce the provisions of tile four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. MERCUR said:
Mr. Speaker : I am in full sympathy with
the objects sought to be accomplished by the
passage of the bill now pending before this
House. Those objects, as I understand them,
are the suppression of the outrages which
exist in the South, and, if needs be, the punish-
ment of the offenders or transgressors.
So much time has been occupied in the dis-
cussion of various questions that arise under
this bill, and my time is also so limited, that 1
can but hastily and rapidly glance at some of
the points or questions which I deem it im-
portant to consider in the exercise of my right
as a member of this House. That outrages
do exist and have existed to an alarming ex-
tent through the South does not admit of denial.
They may be excused by some persons; they
may be partially covered up; there may be
attempts made to conceal them ; but they stand
forth so clear and distinct that none but a mad-
man can deny them.
We have presented to us, in various shapes
and forms, the evidences of these outrages.
We have them presented in the current intel-
ligence of the day in every paper that issues
from the press ; the papers are full of them ;
and as time has gone on during the last few
weeks they have increased with fearful rapid-
ity. Sometimes I hear the remark made by
gentlemen on the other side of the House,
Oh, yes ; there are some outrages ; but they
are exaggerated ; there are not so many as
stated." And I have found good, easy Re-
publicans, who are unwilling to enter into any
controversy, say, "I suppose that is so ; f
suppose they are exaggerated." But 1 ask,
where is there any proof of exaggeration?
Anywhere and everywhere a judicial investi-
gation has been had, has it not corroborated,
