1871'.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Mercur.
Ho. of Reps.
has ifc not sustained the assertion? Has it not
affirmed the existence of these outrages? Ay,
sir, it has gone far beyond what the papers
have stated.
Where is the honorable gentleman on this
floor, be he from the North or be he from the
South, that before this investigation was made
by the select committee of the Senate had any
idea of the number and enormity of the out-
rages committed in the single State of North
Carolina within three years? That staid, quiet
old State of North Carolina, that conservative
Whig State of the olden time, that State in
which we would have looked for more peace,
more quiet, more protection of law tnan in
any other State that went into the rebellion,
that State presents a record perfectly appall-
ing. The committee appointed by the Senate
to investigate that State called fifty-two wit-
nesses, twenty-nine upon one side and twenty-
three upon the other; and after a full and fair
and impartial hearing, what is established be-
yond all question ? The name and sex of the
person outraged, the character of the outrage
committed upon the person are set forth on
pages 19 and 20 of the report made by that
select committee.
In the county of Lincoln twenty-one cases
had occurred; in the county of Catawba
twenty-three cases had occurred; in the
county of Alamance fifty-four cases had oc-
curred. Thus in these three counties ninety-
eight cases of barbarous treatment and whip-
ping and maiming and shooting of men and
women, white and black, did occur in that
time. I put it to that man or that set of men
who may say that these outrages are exagger-
ated, when they come to look at the evidence,
one tenth part of the instances of outrage had
never been heard of before; no paper in the
South, no paper in the North, had published
any account of them. It shows, therefore,
that instead of being exaggerated they have
been underestimated* because they have been
tihknown.
I'hese are the cases in the three counties iri
North Carolina, to which I have referred:
Lincoln county.
Harriet Quickel, black, whipped and shot.
Sam. Ward, wife, and daughter, black, whipped.
liufus Friday and wife, black, whipped.
James Falls, black, whipped.
Charles Sumner, black, whipped and robbed of
fifteen dollars.
John Connely, black, whipped and shot.
William Magbee, black, robbed in the woods of
all his money.
Reuben Litton, black, whipped and shot,
Jerry Wood, black, whipped and driven from
home; life threatened if he returned.
J. Barringer, black, whipped and driven from
home; life threatened if he returned.
Rutus Bindhardt, black, whipped and shot dan-
gerously.
£. Wilfong, black, whipped andshot dangerously.
Peter Hoover, black, whipped.
Lawson Friday, black, whipped and shot.
S. Motz, black, whipped
John Miller, white, whipped and shot.
Adeline Fisher, white, whipped.
Mary Fisher, white, whipped.
Sally Fisher, white, whipped.
J. McMellen, white, whipped.
Jeff. Herndon, black, house robbed of two guns.
Cutawba. county.
Newton Willfong, colored, whipped and shot.
A. L. Ilamsour, white, whipped.
Klijah Finger, colored, whipped.
Newton Killian, colored, whipped.
Sidney Mutts, colored, whipped.
Lawson Blackburn, colored, whipped.
Oeorge Conly, colored, whipped.
•Jim Coulter, colored, whipped.
Bobert Sawyer, colored, whipped.
Rufus Rhinehart, colored, whipped.
Steven Warlich, colored, whipped.
Isaac Robinson, colored, whipped.
Daniel Bullinger, white, whipped.
Letty Willfong, white, whipped.
Maria Probst, white, whipped.
Bob Robinson, colored, whipped.
Michael Petrie, white, whipped.
Peter Young, white, whipped.
Mahala Willfong, white, whipped.
John Fowler, waite, whipped.
William Hall, white, whipped.
Henry Bost, white, whipped.
Mony Carpenter, white, robbed.
Alamance county.
Wyatt Outlaw, colored, hung.
William Puryear, colored, drowned.
Caswell Holt, colored, whipped and shot.
Murphy Reeves, white, shot.
Hamilton Bren, colored, whipped.
Joseph Harney, colored, whipped;
Squire Alston, colored, whipped.
William Harniday, white, whipped.
Alonzo B. Corliss, white, whipped.
John Ringstaff, white, whipped.
Leonard Rippy, white, whipped.
Sandy Sellers, colored, whipped.
Nathan Trollinger, colored, whipped.
William Simpson, white, whipped.
Anthony Foster, white, whipped.
Polly Gappins and daughter, white, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
T. Siddell, white, whipped.
Weorge Rippy, colored, whipped.
Andy Shaffner, colored, whipped.
Eli Outlaw, colored, whipped.
Lily Alston, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Arch. Duke, colored, whipped.
Don Worth, colored, whipped.
James Cole, colored, whipped.
John Overman, white, whipped.
John Bass, colored, whipped.
John Foust, colored, whipped.
Amos Forshca, colored, whipped.
Henry Holt, colored, whipped.
Levi Dickey, colored, whipped.
Alvis Pichard, white, whipped.
Lizzie Elmore, white, whipped.
Clay Thompson, colored, whipped.
James Long, colored, whipped.
Bill Long, colored, whipped.
Porter Mabem, colored, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
Monroe Freeland, eolored, whipped.
Hamilton Puryear, colored, whipped.
Harney Albright, colored, whipped.
Moses Albright, colored, Whipped.
Lindsay Kinnery, colored, whipped.
John Albright, colored, whipped.
Sally Holt and daughter, white, whipped.
John Linins, white, whipped.
Alfred Hartwell, colored, whipped.
Thomas Foust, colored, whipped.
Matilda Foust, colored, whipped.
Rachel Foust, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Duncan Hazel, colored, whipped.
John White, colored, whipped.
These cases, Mr. Speaker, did not find their
way into the newspapers so as to meet your
eye or mine.
It is well known why they did not. The
agents of the Associated Press through the
South have persistently either withheld or dis-
torted and discolored the outrages that have
been perpetrated there for a great length of
time. " Such being the fact, what conclusion
did the select committee come to ? They came
to three conclusions, they found three facts,
as follows \
1. That the ICu Klux organization doe* exist, lia.3
a political purpose, is composed of members ot the
Democratic or Conservative party, has sought to
carry out its purpose by murders, whippings, intim-
idations, and violence, against its opponents.
2. That it not only binds its members to carry out
decrees of crime, but protects them against convic-
tion and punishment, first by disguises and secrecy;
second, by perjury, if necessary, upon the witness-
stand and m the Jury-box. . .
3. That of all the offenders against the law in this
order (and they must be many hundreds, if not
thousands, because these crimes are shown to be
committed by organized bands ranging from ten lip
to seventy-five) not one has yet been convicted m
the whole State.
These facts were found upon the sworn tes-
timony of the fifty-two witnesses, to which I
have referred. They show the political char-
acter of the persons composing those organ-
izations ; the combinations, conspiracies, and
disguises by which they commit those crimes,
and the perjury by which they escape punish-
ment. Such having been the finding of the
select committee, it was right and proper for
the President to send his message to Congress
if he had any doubt about his power under
existing laws. It is in these words:
To the Senate and House of lieprczentatives: ^
A condition of affairs now exists in some States of
the Union rendering life and property insecure and
the carrying of mails and the collection of revenue
dangerous. Proof that such a state of affairs e?lArs
to some extent is now before the Senate, lhat tne
power to correct these evils is beyond the control ot
the State authorities, I do not doubt. That the power
of the Executive of the United States, acting within
the limits of existing laws, is sufficient tor present
emergencies, isnot clear. Therefore I urgently rec-
ommend such legislation as in the judgment of Con-
gress shall effectually secure life, liberty, and prop-
erty in all parts of the United States. It may be
expedient to provide that such law as shall be passed
m pursuance of this recommendation shall expire at
the end of the next session of Congress. There is no
other subject on which I would recommend legisla-
tion during the present session.
U.S.GRANT.
Washington, D. C., March 23,1871.
Ilad he failed to do so, in my judgment he
would have been remiss in the duties imposed
upon him. in his high position; had he failed
to do so, and had this Congress adjourned
without action, you would have heard a united
voice from the Democracy throughout the
country saying, why does not the President
suppress these outrages? And they would
add, if he said he had not the power to do so, it
the law does not now give him the power, why
did he not ask for it, and we would have given
it to him ? That would have been th*e cry they
would have rung the changes upon all through
the country.
In a few days afterward the Governor of the
State of South Carolina makes a demand upon
him, and he issues this proclamation :
Washington, Friday, March 24,187].
Whereas it is provided in the Constitution of the
L^nited States that the United States shall protect
every State in this Union, on the application of the
Legislature, or of the Executive "when the Legis-
laturccannot be convened," against domestic vio-
lence: and whereas it is provided in the laws of the
United States that in all cases of insurrection in any
State, or obstruction to the laws thereof, it shall be
lawful for the Presidcntof the United States, on
application of the Legislature of such State, or of
the Executive "when the Legislature cannot be
convened," to eall forth the militia of any State or
States, or to employ such part of the land and naval
forces as shall be judged necessary for the purpose
of suppressing such insurrection, or of causing the
laws to be duly executed; and
Whereas f have received information that com-
binations of armed men, unauthorized by law, are
now disturbing the peace and safety of the citizens
of the State ot South Carolina, and committing acts
of violence in the State of a charactcr and to an
extent which renders the power of the State and its
officers unequal to the task of protecting life and
property and securing public order.
Whereas the Legislature of said State is not now
in session, and cannot be convened in time to meet
the present emergency, and the Executive of said
State has therefore made application to me for such
part of the military force of the United States as
may be necessary and adequate to protect said Star,e
and the citizens thereof against the domestic vio-
lence hereinbefore mentioned, and to enforce the
due execution of the laws; and
Whereas the laws of the United States require that
whenever it may be necessary, m the judgment of
the President, to use the military force for the pur-
pose aforesaid, he shall forthwith, by proclamation,
command such insurgents to disperse and retire
peaceably to their respective abodes within a limited
11 Now, therefore. I, Ulysses S- Grant, President of
the United States, do hereby command the persons
composing the unlawful combinations aforesaid to
disperse and retire pfeaceably to their respective
abodes within twenty days from this date.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand,
and caused the seal of tho United States to be
alBone at the city of Washington, this 2Uh day of
March, in the year of our Loid 1571, and of the mde-
pendenec of the United States the ninety-fifth.
If. ft. (rftAiN I.
I!y the President :
Hamilton l'isii, Secretary of Hate.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what 13 to be done?
Have not American citizens rights which we
are bound to protect? It would be a burning
shame, a disgrace, not only to the Republican
party, but to this Congress and to the nation,
if we should fail to pass some law giving ad-
ditional protection to loyal citizens against
theseorganized bands of midnight conspirators
and murders. The Democracy on this floor
claim this bill to bo in violation of the Consti-
tution. Is this so?
Is there no constitutional power to enable
us to do it? If there is not, if there is_ no
nower in the Constitution which authorizes
Congress to do it, then we must submit and
say that our republican institutions are a fail-
ure. I do not believe they are a failure. I believe
there is ample power given by the Constitution
