182
APPENDIX T6 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Piatt.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
to Congress to protect all our citizens; and
it is high time that we should exercise it. It
is time that gentlemen on the other side find
out that we will exercise it, let its exercise hit
where it may, let it strike whom it may, that
we will exercise it at all hazards.
The power given to Congress to pass some
sections of this bill may be derived from the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution. I
must hastily refer to some of its provisions
with which this House is entirely familiar and
the discussion of which may be said to bo almost
threadbare. But I wish to present one or two
views based upon and springing from it.
Many distinct and separate declarations are
contained in the first section of this amend-
ment. First is the affirmation that all persons
born or naturalized in the United States and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens
of the United States and of the State in which
they reside. If any State seeks to deprive
them of that right it is to be asserted through
the judiciary. The second provision is that
"no State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States." If any State
does pass or attempt to enforce such laws,
such aflirmative action would be held by the
courts of the United States to be unconstitu-
tional. The third provision avers, "Nor shall
any State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law." Jf
any State does this it is affirmative action, and
the courts would set it aside. Hut the last
clause of the amendment provides that no
State shall "deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
ilow is that, to be enforced? 1 shall be obliged
if any gentleman upon the opposite side who
may address the llouse after 1 nave closed will
answer this question. How do you say this
clause is to be enforced?
Mr. POTTER rose.
Mr. MliRCUIt. I cannot yield now. Let
the gentleman answer after I have closed my
remarks.
This provision cannot be enforced by a bill
in equity to compel specific performance of it;
but if a State denies this equal protection, the
United States Government must step in and
give that protection which the State authorities
neglect or refuse to give.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let. us analyze the lan-
guage; of this provision. "No State shall
deny." What do wo understand by a State
in this connection? The word "State," when
used in the (Jonslitulion of the United States,
is susceptible of different constructions. A
definition of what it means has been well
given in an opinion delivered by Chief Justice
Chase in the case of Texas vs. White, (7 Wal-
lace, page 720:)
" Tho term fstato"—
Says he—
"describes sometimes a people or community of
individuals united more or less closely in political
j cl.it ions, in habit ins tompoi .irity or permanently tho
same country. Olten it indicates only tlio country
or territorial region inhabited bysuch a, community.
.Not unfi'cquently it is applied to the Government
under which the people live. Atolher times it pre-
sents tho combined idea of people, territory, and
(jovernment.
"It in not difficult. to sec that in all these senses
tho primary conception is that of a people or com-
munity. The people m whatever territory dwel-
ling, either temporarily or pet nianenl ly, and whet her
organized under a regular (ioveinment or umled
by looser and less definite relation", constitute the
State." •   i- > * *
" A State, in the ordinary sense of tho Constitution,
is a political community ot free cituens. occupying
u territory of defined boundaiies, and organized
under ,t government sauelioned and limited by a
writteiiconstituliou and established by the consent
ufihe governed."
Thus it is evident that the clear import and
meaning of the ierm "State," in the son.se in
which it is used 111 this section, is free citizens
or people dwelling within the limits of an
^organized State. Those free people, in the
administration of their government, act mostly
through the legislative, judicial, and executive
branches of their creation. Thepeople, never-
theless, remain the root and body of the gov-
ernment. The responsibility, therefore, of a
proper administration of governments remains
with thepeople, who always retain the residuary
power. Hence, every citizen of the United
States within the jurisdiction of a State, when
he in voices the equal protection of the laws given
by this clause of the Constitution, has a right
to go back ofthe three branches of the Govern-
ment and demand it of the people. If, then,
the three branches of a State government per-
sistently and continuously deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws, it is a denial by the State, that is, by
the people.
But no State shall " deny." What does this
mean? What are its spirit and intent? In
Monongahela Navigation Company vs. Coons
(G Watts and Sergeant, 114) Chief Justice Gib- ]
son, in giving the opinion of the court, said :
" It was aptly said by Chief Justico Tilghuian, in
Tho Farmers and Mechanics' Bank vr. Smith, (.1 Ser-
geant and ltawlo, Gi),) that conventions to rogulato
tho conduct of nations aronot tobe interpreted like
articles of agroemont at tho common law; and that
where multitudes are to be atl'ectod by tho construc-
tion of an instrument, groat regard should be paid
to the spirit and intention. And tho reason for it is
an obvious ono. A constitution is made, not partic-
ularly for tho inspection of lawyers, but for tbo
inspection of tho million, that tlioy may read and
discern in it their rights and Idieir duties, and it is
eonseiiucntly expressed in the teims that aro most
familiar to them. Words, therefore, which do not
ortheniselvcsdenoto that they are used in a technical
sense, uro to have their plain, popular, obvious, and
natural moaning."
Applying these correct principles of law to
the meaning of the word "deny" in this
section, it is very obvious it means to refuse,
or to persistently neglect or omit to give that
" equal protection " imposed upon the State
by the Constitution.
You will observe, Mr. Speaker, the great
object to lie accomplished, the great end to be
reached, is "protection." Hence, although
the forms of law may give to the legislative,
judicial, and executive branches such powers
as would seem adequate to effect the desired
object., yet if they all fail, if the end is not
reached, if by wicked combinations and con-
spiracies the people refuse to give inform-
ation, and witnesses and jurors persistently
perjure themselves, so that "protection" is
not secured, theu there is such a denial to
the persons within the jurisdiction of the State
of that "equal protection'' which the State
is required to give.
Ilow, then, is this constitutional require-
ment to be enforced? The fifth section of the
fourteenth amendment answers the question,
in these words:
"Tho Congress shall have power to onforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article."
There is the power, aud the bill now under
consideration contains the " appropriate legis-
lation." You, gentlemen, on the other side
of the House, say that even had the outrages
been perpetrated to the extent and in the man-
ner which we allege is shown to exist in North
Carolina, yet is does not follow that they exist
elsewhere, and if they do, that the evil is not
to be cured by this legislation. You say that
a "general amnesty" is the most efficacious
remedy that can be applied; that, is the uni-
versal panacea which jou all prescribe. But
I submit it to this llouse and to the country
whether there is not strong grounds to doubt
the infallibility of your judgments. Congress
for several years past has been engaged in the
business of granting •• amnesties." Many
thousands have been relieved from the dis-
abilities under which they labored by reason
of their rebellion and treason, yet we see no
evidence that they have thereby beeu made
more law abiding citizens. Do the fifteen
spared monuments of the mercy of this Gov-
ernment who occupy seats among you on this
floor show an increased zeal in the protection
of loyal men?
Again, some of you allege that this law-
lessness in the South is caused by the recon-
struction measures of Congress. If this were
so, then the outrages would not extend to the
State of Kentucky. Congress has not recon-
structed that State, much as she needed it..
But what further says the Senate select com-
mittee in its recent report? The closing words
of the report are :
"Within the last two weeks the capital of Ken tucky
was entered in the night by a body ot men, armed
and masked, who proceeded to the jail, took posses-
sion of it, set at liberty a ma.u charged with murder,
and then rodo away unmolested. Shortly before that
tho jail at Union, South Carolina, was entered and
ton prisoners taken out and killed. Like complaints
of murder, scourging, and violence, without redress,
and demands for investigation and the protecting
arm of tho Government against these lawless ma-
rauders havo been forwarded from the States of
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Virginia, Kentucky, Texas, and
Tennessee. Into none ot these could the committee
examine, considering it better to pursue our inquiry
to completion, if possible, in one State, rather than
take partial anil disjointed statements as to all, and
leaviug to tho Senate the determination of whether
tho public intorests require this investigation to be
pursued further."
Mr. Speaker, strong opposition is made to
the fourth section of the bill, which proposes
to give to the President the power, under cer-
lain designated conditions, to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus. If the bill gave a gen-
eral or unlimited power to the President to
suspend the writ, I too would oppose it ; but
limited and restricted as the power given to
him is, as to condition, extent, and time, I see
no cause for any fears that the power will bo
improperly cxercised. 1 have an abiding con-
fidence in tho patriotism, wisdom, and discre-
tion of the President. My opinion is that
so soon as these lawless bands of desperadoes
in the South ascertain that (he President has
that power they will so modify their conduct
as to make it unnecessary for him to execute it.
If, on the other hand, these unlawful combi-
nations continue to exist; if they be organ-
ized and armed, and so numerous and power-
ful as to overthrow or set at defiance the State
authorities, or the United States authorities
therein, or it'the State authorities combine with
or connive at such powerful and armed com-
binations, so that life and property cannot
otherwise be secure, then I desire the Presi-
dent to not only suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, but also to suspend the corpus ot the
ICu Ivlux himself, to the end that "life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness" may be
secured to the humblest person who resides
within the limits of our extensive domain.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. JAMES H. PLATT,
of virginia,
In the House op Representatives.
April 4, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(11. It. No. 320) to onforce tho provisions of th e four-
teenth amendment to tho Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. PLATT said :
Mr. Speaker: After the elaborate and
exhaustive discussion of this bill which has
occupied the time of the House for the past ten
days, it would be presumption in me to sup-
pose that I can add anything to the weight of
legal argument or say anything that has not
already been said in support of the principles
upon which it is founded. It seems so clear
and undoubted a proposition to me that this
Congress has power to legislate for the enforce-
ment of all the rights ol citizenship conferred
