420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
But all this vast power is claimed under
two articles of the Constitution of the United
States; one the second section of article four,
which provides that—
" The citizens of each State-shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States."
This clause was rather a limitation upon
than a grant of power to the Federal Govern-
ment. It was founded in a jealousy between
the larger and smaller States, lest the Federal
Governmeht, unrestrained, might make invid-
ious or arbitrary discriminations between the
citizens of the different States. It provided
simply for a general citizenship, not intending
to supersede the rights of the citizens under
the different laws of the States, (3 Sto. Com.,
s. 1800.) But whatever deficiency of power
there may be in that clause, it is insisted that
it is supplied in the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, which,
like Aaron's rod, is intended to swallow up
all the other powers. Section one provides
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the States
wherein theyreside. NoStateshall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of tlie citizens of the United States; nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law ; nor deny to
anyperson within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws."
Mark the language : "No State shall make
or enforce any law," &c.; hence the prohibi-
tion is on the State. Now, I deny that Ten-
nessee has made or enforced any law which
abridges the immunities and privileges of the
citizens of the United States. Idenythatshe
has deprived any person of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law. I deny
that she denies the equal protection of the laws
to any person within her jurisdiction.
If there were such denial the question is
open to civil remedy, and the judicial power
of this Government is the only power to decide
the question. Whenever the Supreme Court
of the United States shall decide any clause
of the constitution or any law of Tennessee
in conflict with the fourteenth amendment, I
think I may safely pledge the State to bow to
that high supremacy.
But really the fourteenth clause was only
intended to bring the African up to the political
level of the Caucasian race. Ours is the only
Government upon earth which has attempted
the political consolidation of these two races.
England emancipated her slaves in the islands,
in the distance, but stopped at emancipation.
When she did so, she never dreamed that her
freedmen would invade her soil and demand
the elective franchise, clamor for seats in her
Parliament and aspire to her woolsack.
But here we did not stop at emancipation,
but opened the Constitution of the United
States to let them in ; opened all the State
constitutions to let them in ; reformed all our
civil and criminal codes to accommodate them
to their altered condition. After granting them
these exalted privileges of constitutional and
civil liberty, how bold, how arrogant, to claim
that the power of a military despotism lay
Coiled, like a python, beneath the artful phrase-
ology of the fourteenth amendment. But I
deny the necessity of giving such enormous |
power to the President. He already has the ■
power which Washington had to suppress the
whisky rebellion in Pennsylvania. He has all
the power of the law of July, 1861, with which
President Lincoln encountered the rebellion
of the eleven southern States. He has all the
power of the enforcement act of 1870.
But after the proclamation of peace, after the
insurgent government and armies were scat-
tered to the four winds arid quietly pursuing
the arts of peace, after he is already bloated
with military power, like the horse-leech, he
still cries, Give, give." He does not deign
to tell Congress what new attribute of power
is wanting. Shall Congress, with blind fatuity
and exhaustive liberality, lay all the thunders
at his feet? What does he want with armies?
Let him march them to the South. They may
leave the slime of their dragon folds on the
country, but an armed rebellion, like the mirage
of the desert, will never be found. All Gov-
ernments are matters of trust. Why trust the
President rather than the States and the people
of the States? There is but one answer. The
advocates of the bill are afraid of the people.
The bill is nothing hut "a mere, sheer,
ribald" confessional of infidelity respecting
the capacity of the people for self-government.
The people made the Government; it belongs
to them ; and why should it be wrested from
them and given to a master? Has party frenzy
driven the advocates of the bill to such a pitch
of madness tl^it they are willing to sink the
liberties of the country to maintain the supre-
macy of their party ? Let us beware. Caesar
hesitated at the Rubicon, but he took the fatal
plunge when he saw that Rome could be swal-
lowed up in Caesar.
I have endeavored feebly to uncover and
strike down the despotism of the bill. If it
is pregnant with the direful reality claimed
for it, then the distinguished draftsman will
have the somber renown of indicting the epi-
taph of American liberty. If I can do noth-
ing more, I will stand at my post and "ring
the bell as the ship goes down."
But, to change the figure to a more hopeful
one, if republican freedom is to appearance
dead, let us still hope. We have the corpse
with us, though the grave be dug. Give us a
committee of pall-bearers, an equal number
from North and South, and, with undying faith
in the capacity of the people for self govern-
ment, let us sadly bear the corpsc to the grave
of Washington and let it down to touch his
bones, that it may be revived, as the corpse
of the man when let down on the bones of
the prophet Elisha.
Let us inquire what has impelled us to this
dire extremity. Is it the demon of section-
alism? Mr. Madison, our most sagacious
prophet, in the Convention which formed the
Constitution, foresaw the danger, and said :
" The groat danger to our General Governmentis,
the great southern and northern interests of the
continent being opposed to each other. Look to
tho votes in Congress, and the most of them stand
divided by the geography of the country, not ac-
cording to the size of tho State."—Secret Proceed-
ings of Federal Convention, p. 205.
The history of our congressional legislation,
in the main, furnishes a sad verification of the
prediction. But I have not time for critical
review ; besides, the wounds are too sensitive
for the probe. But grant me a word, not to
harrow, but to heal. The South regarded the
Government as sectionalized in the election
of President Lincoln. The ship of State ca-
reened and drifted upon the dark cliff of Afri-
can slavery. The shock precipitated many of
us overboard, and how the craft was shattered
we all know too well.
Although war generally executes its own
judgments, (and how terribly they fell upon
the South none but they do know ;) yet Con-
gress has continued to afflict us with rapid
installments of vengeance. More than one
hundred thousand of our southern sons lie
sleeping on the battle-field; our maimed and
wounded soldiers hobble on their crutches
unpensioned by a friendly government ; our
land was ravaged, burned, and blackened with
desolation, as if swept with a "whirlwind of
fire;" famine breathed through her shriveled
lips misery upon the children of poverty and
want; our State authorities disfranchised the
mass of our citizens, and, in some instances,
drove from the ballot box the old pioneers who
had driven out the savages, and had wrestled
with the old oaks of the forest to subdue the
country for the coming generations.
The Federal Government came and parti-
tioned the country into military districts, dis-
mantled some of the Legislatures, expelled
the judiciary, dishabilitated the cit zen-s, and
dragged the rugged harrow of reconstruction
through the bowels of our State constitutions.
Some of the States were denied representation
in the Electoral College for President, and sonic
were held off in political quarantine and denied
representation in Congress until they adopted
thefourteenth amendment, old Virginia among
the number. Yes, old Virginia, who, when an-
cient liberty was to be won, furnished a Henry
to thunder in her forum, a Washington to roll
the tide of war, successive Presidents to guide
the helm, and brought as dowry to the Union
the vast domain in the West out of which has
grown up giant States like children around
her feet. Surely western Representatives will
not forget that they have a mother, and surely
will not vote for her further humiliation.
Nearly every act of Congress has a sting for
the southern man. Wheu, willing to bury the
memories of the past, he treads his way into
the far West, upon the rough and perilous edge
of Indian warfare, even there he finds the
sectional presence of his Government, denying
him the benefit of the homestead unless he can '
take the test-oath.
The old soldier in our second war of inde-
pendence, who followed General Jackson, who,.
in the language of a great statesman of Ten-
nessee—
" Silenced the roar of the British lion on Iheplains.
of New Orleans, and the American eagle took its
loftiestflight and uttered itsloudest notc.of eaultant
liberty"—
these old soldiers now come and hold out
their hands, trembling with the palsy of age
and want, and ask the pittance of a pension
in remembrance of an ancient debt of grat-
itude, and they are refused unless they can
pass the purgatorial orcleal.
We have not only "Teit the finger, but the •
pressure of the loin of the Government upon
us. We have been, war-ridden, tax ridden,
debt-ridden, poverty-ridden, League-ridden,
Ku-Klux-ridden, militia-ridden, State-ridden,
Congress-ridden; and now to be President-
ridden, with the halter of the habeas corpus,
and his military rowels dashed into our lacer-
ated flanks, it would overleap all the bounds
of mercy.
Let me assure the Republicans that they are
greatly abused by the mendacious rumors of
oppression which come pealing to them from
the South. As the keeper of the lion rowels
him up in his cage with his iron bar until he
provokes a defiant growl, so some political
miscreant may gall the rebel to utter a mur-
mur, which enters a sort of Dionysius ear,
reaching from Congress into the South, and as
it travels it swells into appalling tuunder as it
opens into the Hall of Congress. And then you
begin to cry out "Rebellion!" "Reconstruc-
tion !" and all your resentments flare u|> toward
the South like the quills of the porcupine.
Let me appeal to you of the North to dignify
your great triumph over your southern breth-
ren with magnanimity and mercy. Cease to
play with the thunders, change your line of
policy, expunge your sectional legislation,
and strike the fetters from your disfranchised
brethren. Let us. North and South, bring our
sectional prejudices and sacrifice them as
burnt offerings on the common altar of our
country. Let the compassion of Congiess be
stretched out like the wings of a mighty angel
and shake the odors of forgiveness on the land.
Let us try and imitate the sublime divinity of
Him who, with the gall upon his lips, looked
up to Heaven through his crown of thorns
and invoked the benediction of forgiveness on
his foes. Then our land will have rest; then
will we have universal peace, brotherhood,
and prosperity.
Mr. CRITCIIER was granted unanimous
consent to have printed in the Globe soma
remarks he had prepared on the pending bill,
[See Appendix.]
