184
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSION AL GLOBE.
[.April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Piatt.
42d Cong....1stSess.
under the fugitive slave law, marched United
States soldiers over the very spot where the
first martyr for American liberty shed his
blood ; and the blood of Christopher Attucks
was as red as yours or mine, sir, though his
skin was black.
The party who sent their troops over the
spot which his martyrdom had consecrated to
force back into slavery one poor wretch who
had succeeded in flying to a land which he sup-
posed to be a land of liberty; the party that
did this act dares to tell the Americau people
that there is no constitutional way to use the
Army or Navy of the United States in pro-
tecting American citizens from outrage and
death, unless the Governor and Legislature
of the State in which these offenses are com-
mitted should call for assistance. Sir, I have
searched in vain for the call made by the
Governor or Legislature of Massachusetts for
troops to assist in the rendition of Anthony
Burns. Every gentleman on this floor knows
that the United States soldiers sent to that
State by the Democratic party to assist their
bloodhounds in tearing from Massachusetts
soil that poor, trembling fugitive were not sent
there at the request of that Suite, but by vir-
tue of the law passed by a Democratic C011-
giess, enforced by a Democratic Administra-
tion, and interpreted by a Democratic Attor-
ney General, whoso interpretation has been
sustained by the courts; and 1 know tlio
American people well enough to know that
no legal sophistry can make them believe that
it was constitutional to use the Army and Navy
of the United States in returning fugitives to
slavery, but that no constitutional means can
be found to use these agencies for the protec-
tion of life, liberty, and property of free Amer-
ican citizens in every State of the Union.
The people will repudiate any such heresy if
this Congress does not, and they expect and
demand that we, who are their servants, shall
do our whole duty in this emergency.
1 will not,insult the intelligence of this House
by stopping to prove that the lives and liberties
of both white and black men are unsafe in
several ol the southern States, or that brutal
outrages are being committed daily and nightly
upon innocent men for no reason except having
identified themselves with the Republican
party; outrages which if committed upon the
person of only one of our citizens upon a
ioreign soil, and the Government, upon whose
Soil it was perpetrated should deny the repa-
ration we should at once demand, not one of
us would dare go home and face our constit
uents until we bad sent our Army and Navy
to lorce that, reparation at the cannon's mouth.
And every breeze that blows from the South
brings with its balmy zephyrs news of fresh
disturbances, new outrages upon the friends
who are crying to us, thus far m vain, lor help
in their extremity. Thistield lias been so fully
occupied, however, by those who have pre-
ceded me that I shall devote the remainder of
my time to a plain and luiexaggerated account
of the actual condition of allasis in the State
I have ihe honor to represent in part on this
floor, which is at present in the hands of the
Democratic party, and in which, as has been
truthfully asserted, the Ku Klux has not yet
made its appearance, and there has been less
of violence and bloodshed than in any State
south of the Potomac.
I love my adopted State and its people too
well to desire to injure them in any way. 1
could not injure them without injuring myself.
I have no interests separate from Virginia.
Neaily every thing 1 possess on earth is within
her borders; her soil holds the body of my first-
born child, and gave a birth-place to all the
others God has given me. 1 expect to live on
it and dieou it and be buried m it. And as God
sees my heart I believe 1 desire her prosperity
and the happiness of her people as earnestly as
any man who does now or ever has claimed a
residence within her borders. I am as proud
of her glorious history, of her great and illus-
trious men, of her grand deeds, and the princely
acts with which she adorned our earlier his-
tory as I could have been had I been born
there and descended from countless gener-
ations of Virginians. I am proud of her grand
mountains, her lovely plains, her magnificent
rivers, and the boundless, unrivaled resources
with which God has blessed her; and because
I am proud of her past and desire her future
to be great, glorious, and prosperous, because
I believe it possible to make her what God
evidently intended her to be, the first State in
this Union in wealth, population, commerce,
and manufactures, I urge this Congress to
take measures to make life, liberty, and prop-
erty as secure in the southern States as in the
northern. Make every man, woman, and child
in the North who may desire to emigrate to
the South believe themselves certain of the
same protection in Virginia, of the same free-
dom of thought, speech, and action they noy
enjoy, and the only obstacle to a rapid filling
up ot' the State with a desirable population
would be removed. And lam sorry to be com-
pelled to say that although life is as secure as
in most of the northern States, a large major-
ity of the native white citizens do not yet seem
willing to accept the situation, and that the
Democratic party has, since its accession to
power, through its Legislature and judiciary,
been guilty of shameful partisan legislation and
injustice to a degree scarcely paralleled.
It. is doubtless true that there is less of pub-
lic disturbance, personal violence, and all that
class of outrages known under the general des-
ignation of Kukluxistn, in Virginia than in
perhaps any other southern State. One great
reason for this fact is found in the greater
average intelligence of the people, and another
in the fact that the unrelenting bitterness and
animosity of the great mass of the intelligent
white inhabitants of the State, while not re-
moved, lias been materially modified toward
Republicans by the policy of amnesty which
has been declared, and almost unanimously
adopted, by the Republican party of the State.
When you forgive a man and relieve him from
the pains and penalties he knows he has in-
curred, when you convince him that you are will-
ing he should have all the rights, privileges, and
immunities you ask for yourself, and are really
his friend, it is hard for him to wound, beat, and
kill the men who thus prove his friends, espe-
cially when there is another method, short of
personal violence, by which he can accomplish
the object he seeks to achieve. And in Vir-
ginia the Democratic party has not found it
necessary to use the knife, the. gallows, the
dark lantern, or the midnight whippings.
I'hey have found quite as sure and a much less
dangerous way to accomplish their ends.
1 shall crave the indulgence of the House
while i recite a few instances iu support of
this assertion, beginning with ray own dis-
trict confessedly one of the quietest and best
reconstructed in the South, and having a
larger proportionate white Itepublican vote
than perhaps any in the State. In this dis-
trict,, as in the rest of the State, every officer
of election, including judges, registrars, and
inspectors, is appointed by a Democratic judge,
and supposed to he Democratic. They are
appointed under the State election law, which,
like all the legislation of a political character
of the present Legislature, is of a shamefully
partisan character. An election for members
of Congress and county officers was held in the
State on the 8th day of last November, at which
the Republicans carried every county and city
m the district with the exception of one, the
smallest county of the eleven composing the
district, electing their county ticket and giving
their candidate for Congress handsome major-
ities. An active canvass preceded the elec-
tion. To the courtesy, kindness, and hospi-
tality of our political opponents in most of
the counties of my district I bear cheerful and
grateful witness. It was worthy of the chiv-
alric characteristics for which Virginians had
become noted, and which, I have an abiding
confidence, will yet break through the thick
wall of prejudice and misrepresentation which
an unscrupulous press and unscrupulous poli-
ticians have succeeded in building up around
their better natures.
Would to God I could stop with this declar-
ation, and that no foul blot of murder and
ostracism had stained the otherwise fair es-
cutcheon ; that no poor victims lay in their
humble graves, sent there by the demons of
Democracy, sacrifices to the insensate hate
which yet rages in too many human bosoms.
But duty requires that I should state the facts,
which I do with sorrow, and with no desire
for vengeance, but because I believe giving
them publicity will have a good effect, and
because I believe the people of Virginia, with
few exceptions, will denounce and deprecate
as much as I do such outrages, and will see to
it that no repetition of them ever occurs.
On the 1st day of November, 1870, a large
and enthusiastic Republican meeting was held
in the city of Norfolk. The people, to the num-
ber of several thousand, assembled in front of
the City Hall to listen to the addresses that
were to be delivered from the steps of that
building. The speakers announced, all of
whom were present, were Hon. George M.
Robeson, Secretary of the Navy; Hon. H. ii.
Wells, ex Governor of Virginia; and Prof. J.
M. Langston, of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia. The meeting was organized at half
past seven p. m., and called to order by Hon.
Frank DeCordy, an old and highly respected
citizen of Norfolk, for several years mayor of
the city, who presided.
Outside of the immense mass of Republicans
who occupied the grounds immediately in
front of the speakers was a yelling, hooting
rabble, consisting of half-grown boys, young
men who, from their appearance, should at
least have known enough to have controlled
themselves, and rowdies representing the worst
characteristics ofasea-board city. Among them
were circulating the police force of the city.
Governor Wells, who first addressed the meet-
ing, was frequently interrupted by their noisy
demonstrations, to which he paid no attention.
While Secretary Robeson was delivering the
calm, conciliatory, and eloquent address with
which he favored the Republicans of Virginia
on that occasion, a continual shouting and
series of interruptions were kept up from the
outer circle, and a missile was thrown at him
which proved to be a package of nails wrapped
iu old canvas, which passed within one inch
of his face, striking with full force a column
of the portico in his rear. At the conclusion
of his remarks Professor Langston was intro-
duced and commenced to speak. His appear-
ance was greeted with thundering applause
from the Republicans, andshuuts, groans, and
yells by the Democrats. Paying no attention
to the latter, he proceeded to address the peo-
ple. To those who know him I need not say
that his remarks were courteous, conciliatory,
and fell from his lips in words of earnest, burn-
ing eloquence. He had been speaking perhaps
fifteen minutes, when suddenly, without provo-
cation or warning, a policeman, or at least a man
in the uniform of a policeman, drew a pisiol
and deliberately put a bullet through the body
of a quiet and inoffensive colored man t-tand-
ingnear him. Immediately an indiscriminate
and rapid firing commenced from the outside
of the crowd into the unarmed, unoffending,
and unresisting mass of Republicans, who,
entirely unprepared for such an attack, offered
no resistance, but immediately endeavored to
