1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
423
never undertaken to punish murder in the
State of Illinois, or riot in Michigan, or rob-
bery in Indiana, unless these offenses were
committed outside of the jurisdiction of these
States or in the violation of some statute of
the United States. The United States have
never undertaken to supersede the State au
(horityin the punishment of offenses against
State laws, but the Constitution has provided
for the national aid being extended to the
States to enable them to enforce their author-
ity. The manner and occasion for this interpo-
sition are prescribed by the Constitution, and
otherwise there is no warrant for the interfer-
ence. Is it prudent to disregard this wise safe-
guard provided by our fathers, and to confer
even on the President the power to be the
sovereign judge of the emergency which would
warrant him in marching an army iuto any
State and strike down all civil authority ?
The very suggestion is revolutionary, and is
intended for revolutionary purposes.
If an act of Congress may give to the Presi-
dent powers of government above the Consti-
tution, what shall limit the degree in which
such powers of personal government may be
conferred and exercised? Congress is a judge
of the Constitution for itself only. The Presi-
dent, for himself, is a coequal judge. If Con-
gress may set the President above the Consti-
tution, the President, in virtue of his coequal
dignity and authority, may decline to surrender
power once acquired. It is a proposition to
vest him at his own request with what is called
in Prance personal government. It is an at-
tempt to legalize a system of imperialism which
is more repugnant and more hostile to our
republican system than anything that has oc-
curred in our history. Is it not a most danger-
ous experiment, especially when placed in the
hands of one who has shown himself to be as
indifferent as he is ignorant of constitutions
and laws? Bold, resolute, tenacious of pur-
pose, unalterable m will, reckless of conse
quences, the machinery of Government he
admires and understands is the bayonet and
sword, courts martial and military commis-
sions. Nor, sir, does such interference prom-
ise *o accomplish any useful purpose. So distin-
guished a soldier as General Halleck declares :
"Xhat the employment of troops in executing
judicial powers and in enforcing the revenue and
othercivillawsseems to increase rather than dimin-
ish the apparent necessity for using such force."
It is a question worthy of grave consider-
ation, whether a state of society can be im-
proved by interference from without; whether
there is, in the nature of things, any force
capable of overcoming anarchy and restoring
order in a given community except that which
resides in the community itself. Too often are
bayonets the only remedy applied to the con-
vulsions of oppression, for bayonets never
reestablish but the peace of terror, the silence
of despotism. The people are not a furious
herd which must be kept m chains. Always
quiet and moderate when they are truly free,
they are only violent and unruly under those
Governments where they are systematically
debased, in order to have a pretext to perse-
cute them. Law and arbitrary power are in
eternal enmity.
It is a contradiction in terms, it is blasphemy
in religion, it is monstrous in politics, to say
that any man should or can have arbitrary
power. Power without right is the most detest-
able object that can be offered to the human
imagination. It is not only pernicious to those
whom it subjects, but works its own destruc-
tion. By no armed tyranny, by no treading
of people under the heel, lias order ever been
restored. He is either ignorant of history or
purposely errs, who assumes that by statutes,
by acts of Congress, you can restore peace
and older in any community whatsoever. It
m true now as when Daniel Webster gave
utterance to those noble and patriotic senti-
ments, that—
"A military republic, a Government founded on
mock elections and supported by the sword, is a
movement indeed, but a disastrous and retrograde
movement. If men would enjoy the blessings of a
republican government they must govern themselves
by reason, by mutual counsel and consultation, and,
above all, the military must be kept, according to the
language of our Bill of Bights, in strict submission
to the civil authority. Wnerever this lesson is not
learned and practiced there can be no political free-
dom. A bsurd, preposterous is it, a scoif and a satire
on free forms of constitutional liberty, for frames of
government to be prescribed by military leaders and
the right of suffrage to be exercised at the point of
the sword."
This is either a free Republic, in which it
is the interest of the people to live at peace
on equal terms, or it is a Radical oligarchy.
We must have a Government in which all
have a like concern for its glory, prosperity,
and power, or a sham government, precedent
to revolution and the overthrow of all lib-
erty. The union of these States can be pre-
served only by maintaining the reserved and
guarantied rights of the States. If the Fed-
eral Government is not restrained by consti-
tutional limitations, it is a central despotism
of unlimited power and authority. We say
that the people of the South are as wise, as
virtuous, as deserving, as peaceable, and law-
abiding and patriotic as the people of the North.
If you want thein to be orderly, give them good
government; do as you would be done by. Let
them govern themselves according to the nature
and spirits of our free institutions; let the
intelligence of the country have fair play ; let
the honesty and economy that everybody will
admit existed in those States before the civil
war resume their proper supremacy; and then,
and not until then, can you hold their citizens
responsible for the condition of things. "Is
there, then, no remedy for local disorder at
the South?" asks the Nation, another Repub-
lican mouth-piece, and furnishes itself a most
excellent response:
" Is there, then, no remedy for local disorder at the
South ? If the State government does not protect a
man can he look nowhere else for redress? We
answer that if there be any value whatever in the
theory on which American polity is based the rem-
edy of southern disorders uiustcome from the south-
ern people, through their experience of the folly and
suffering of disorder. If this be not true the whole
American system is a mistake and is destined ere
long to perish. Our business is now to leave every
southern State to its own people; first, because this
is the only practicable course, and secondly, because
it is the only wise one. If they are so demoralized
that they go on robbing and murdering and 'Ku-
kluxing' each other, we cannot interfere effectively,
and had better not interfere at all. The American
punishments for a State which permits these tilings
arc two, impoverishment and emigration. If a man
cannot have freedom, security, and light taxation
in New Yoik, lot him go to New Jersey; if he can-
not have them in South Carolina, let him go to Vir-
ginia ; if he cannot have tbeiu in either, let him
go to Missouri. Those who stay behind, on see-
ing capital and population steadily leaving their
State, and their property declining in value, will
gradually mend their ways. This may be a slow
remedy, but it is a sure one. It goes to the root of
the disorder, while under coercion from the out-
side no state of things can grow up, or ever has
grown up, in which coercion ceases to be necessary.
Of course there is nothing in this theory to prevent
the United States enforcing the Federal Consti-
tution and laws._ This ought to be done at what-
ever cost; that is, by officers, and not by bill and
resolution."
But, Mr. Speaker, we must go still deeper
for the cause of the alleged contusion and dis-
order said to exist in the South. How can
there be peace in a community where there
has been a deliberate and persistent effort to
exasperate and inflame the laboring men
against the men from whom they were to re-
ceive employment, to array race against race
by incendiary appeals for an equality which
their respective traditions, extremes of moral
and intellectual advancement, and unequal
aptitudes, if not capacities for higher civiliza-
tion, rendered impossible and unwise? Sir, the
recollections of hereditary feud alone have in
every age so inflamed the angry passions of our
nature as to lend a deeper gloom even to the
horrors of war. When the poet describes the
master of the lyre as seeking to rouse the mar
tial ardor of the Grecian conqueror and his
attendant nobles, he brings before thetn the
ghosts of their Grecian ancestors that were left
unburied on the plains of Troy, who, tossing
their lighted torches—
"Point to the Persian abodes
And glittering temples of their hostile gods."
But what would be the ferocity awakened in
half savage bosoms, when embittered mem-
ories of long-descended hate toward a supe-
rior race, impassioned and frenzied by appeals
for partisan ends, should impel them to seek
retribution for centuries of imaginary wrong?
Either that precious harvest of civilizatiou
which has been slowly ripening under the toils
of successive generations would be gathered
by the rude sons of toil, or peace would return
after a tragedy of crime and sorrow, with
whose burden of woe the voice of history
would be tremulous through long ages of after
time. The melancholy experience of both
hemispheres has long since compelled all but
the projectors of revolution to acknowledge
that the forms of liberty are valueless without
its spirit, and that an attempt to outstrip the
march of Providence by conferring it on a
people unprepared for its enjoyment by habit,
tradition, or character, is indescribable folly,
which, instead of advancing peace, order, and
justice, is more likely to produce a reign of
terror and crime, in which civilization itself
may perish.
Even where there exists no such broad dis-
tinction as that between the Caucasian and
African, yet where it is sufficient to preserve
a separation of feelings and interests, the
juxtaposition of races is found to be a source
of national weakness and discord. Turkey
and Hindostan, and most of the empires of
the East, ancient and modern, illustrate this.
I need not refer to Egypt or Central America,
where a mongrel population, monumenta vene-
ris nefandos, exhibits the same deteriorating
influence. In the South all the evils arising
from these diversities and antagonisms have
been found in the most aggravated form. One
which has been most calamitous and prolific
of evil is the effort to give the black an unnat-
ural elevation in the social scale. The people
of the South are made up of two distinct races ;
races which while they survive will never be
otherwise than distinct. God has divided them
by an impassable gulf. The Saxou and Celt,
the Norman and Dane, even the Tartar and
Hun, the Turk and Saracen, the races of
Japhet and Shem, May compound and melt
and mingle into one harmonious community
of freemen and fellow-citizens, but it is an
inexorable law of nature that the race of Ham
must serve or separate.
Sooner or later southern society must come
to be what is made by the free interaction of
the elements of which it is composed. This
is a law which no human legislation contains
the power to alter or repeal. Iforce, civil or
military, from without, may for the time being
suppress this law, but unless it can change the
organic condition, it can only postpone, not
avert, the result which the condition foreordi-
nates. The sooner this fundamental truth is
recognized, the better for our tranquillity.
But this does not satisfy the ravenous maw of
Massachusetts. Her hatred—for what is more
intense than sentimental animosity?—is the
hatred such as vindictive women cherish, those
"sternly sublime, intolerably just," viragoes
who predominate in certain oriental regions,
and read and write periodical literature. The
civilization of Massachusetts, with its sub-
lime effrontery and its matchless cunning,
has already sapped the foundations of our
religion, and the church is reeling under its
blows. It has crawled into our schools and
colleges, where it points out to youthful in-
genuousness the slimy pathway of hypocrisy,
cunning, and cant. While she arrogates to
herself a monopoly of morality her penal es-
tablishments are as full of convicted as her
society is of unconvicted criminals. The in-
carnation of discord, she delights to array class
against class, color against color, population
against population. Not satisfied with all these
