1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr, Piatt.
Ho. of Reps.
rush away from their assassins. For at least
five minutes a steady fire was poured into the
retreating crowd by the fiends, who were
seemingly actuated by an insane desire to kill
as many as possible. The scene was a fear-
ful one. The air was filled with oaths and
shouts of "Kill the d—d niggers!" "Kill
the d—d Radicals!" and the panic was in-
creased by the discovery that the police force
was in full sympathy with the murderers, and
were themselves emptying their revolvers into
the terrified and struggling mass of human
beings who were frantically striving to get
beyond their range.
Mr. Speaker, I am repeating no idle tale for
political effect; I am giving no newspaper or
sensational report. I am describing a fearful
scene of which I was an eye-witness, and, upon
my honor, it is true literally and to the letter.
Mr. Daniels, an old and respected citizen, a
native, a white man, and a Republican, was
shot down by my side, the bullet entering his
left temple and emerging near the left ear.
Mr. Thayer, a respected white citizen of Nan-
semond county, was shot through the hand.
Mr. Coles, a white citizen of Portsmouth, was
shot through the neck, and lay for many days
at the point of death, though finally recover-
ing. Two colored men were killed outright,
and two others so severely wounded that they
died from their wounds, and fourteen persons
are known to have been wounded besides.
These men were shot down like dogs in the
very portals of the temple of justice without
provocation, yet from that day to this no
steps have been taken to punish or even dis-
cover the murderers. No inquest was ever
held on the bodies of the murdered men. No
arrests were ever made. No investigation was
ever ordered by the Democratic city authori-
ties, who are charged with the maintenance
of peace and the enforcement of the laws in
that city; and all this occurred in Virginia, the
quietest of all the southern States, less than
six months ago.
I call now upon the authorities of Norfolk
to punish the murderers of these innocent men.
Let the press of the State and the good citi-
zens who loathe and detest such a crime unite
with me in this cry for justice, and in the
determination that our noble State shall never
again be disgraced by such an outrage. I
gladly leave the recital of this occurrence, which
1 believe to have been the only one of the kind
transpiring in the State during the last cam-
paign, to illustrate by other statements the
manner in which the Democratic party of Vir
ginia is seeking to accomplish its ends—means
they have hitherto found potent enough with-
out a resort to forcible measures; I shall give
some instances coming within my own obser-
vation, and a rapid review of some of the
transactions of the Democratic Legislature
which has just adjourned.
On the 2d of November the Republicans
of Petersburg had a torchlight parade and
mass meeting. A young man named Wells,
a native of the city, convinced of the justice
of the principles of Republicanism, had the
temerity to parade with the Republicans,
white and black. He was a member in good
standing of the Old street fire company, and
the toleration of the Democratic party toward
its political opponents, its anxiety for per-
sonal liberty, and regard for the rights of the
liumbiest citizen, took this form of expression
toward this young man: they held a meeting
and resolved as iollows—I give literally and
exactly a card which appeared in both the
Democratic papers of Petersburg without one
word of rebuke from either paper or any
manifestation of disapproval from the com-
munity :
At a called meeting of the Old-street Fire Com-
pany No. 2, hold at their assembly roomsNovember
3,1870, R. B. Wells was expelled from the company
on account of the degrading position he now occupies
in the Radical ranks; and we, as members of this
company, do hereby request our brother firemen not
to recognize him as a white fireman.
By order of the Old-street Fire Company:
Gr. P. GROIZ, Committeeman.
What do the people think of such a con-
temptible exhibition as this of party spite and
malignity? Men who can be guilty of it, and
equally men who would sustain it, are unfit to
be American citizens and have not the most
remote conception of the meaning of the word
liberty. This is not violence, no actual vio-
lation of law, but it is bringing all the terrible
power of social and business ostracism to bear
upon weak men to prevent them from exer-
cising freedom of political thought and action,
and to sensitive minds this is sometimes worse
than actual violence : worse than death itself.
And there is no doubt whatever that a delib-
erate consideration of the subject has led to
the adoption of a uniform system or plan of
operations against Union men and Republicans,
which is being put in operation whenever and
wherever it is practicable. That plan is, by
harassing litigations, unjust persecutions upon
trivial and false charges, to accomplish one of
two things: first to silence the tongue, over-
awe the courage, and utterly subdue all polit-
ical opponents, or, failing in that, to make it
impossible for them longer to remain in the
State; added to such means the other potent
influences of ostracism—unjust social discrim-
ination—which has been so generally put into
practice, and it forms a power of incalculable
force in the hands of unscrupulous, bad men,
ready to exercise it to the last degree of cruelty
and outrage. It is hard to believe that an
enlightened people would deliberately resort
to such a policy to be accomplished by such
means, and yet it is as much a fact as the war
that is past and the surrender which termin-
ated it.
Thoughtful men saw in the tremendous
efforts made at the last general election to
secure an overwhelming Conservative majority
in the Legislature a plain indication of a fixed
purpose to accomplish some diabolical end.
The first step in this progress was to appoint,
from the highest to the lowest m every judicial
position mere partisans, prejudiced and un-
friendly to the white and blacK Republicans in
the last degree ; and the result is that there is
scarcely a single judge of note anywhere in the
State who does not come up to the desired
standard of partisanship, prejudice, and cru-
elty. The moment that this newly-made ma
chmery was set in motion its perfection and
entire adaptability to the object for which it
was created was glaringly apparent, and from
that day to this it has been a well recognized,
I might say an undenied fact, that no Repub-
lican, white or black, especially if he is a cit
izen who has come here from another State
or is at all prominent, can secure as plaintiff
or defendant anything like equal justice before
the courts of the State; and the client who
consults his legal adviser in a cause of any
magnitude, and where that adviser is himselt
a Democrat in politics and was a confederate
during the war, he is almost always told by his
counsel that owing to the local prejudice it is
unsafe for him to submit his cause to the ad-
judication of the State courts, and his advice
always is, if it is possible, to remove the case
to the Federal courts, in one case in which
such distinguished confederates as Colonel
Mosby, General Payne, and General Eppa
iJunton were counsel for some New York
merchants, under their advice the clients ac-
tually swore that owing to local prejudice they
believed they could not obtain justice iti a
State court, whereupon the case was removed.
It will be observed that even the confederate
counsel are utterly powerless to shield their
clients from this remorseless persecution.
In another case, a party living in the county
of Bedford who had applied for a discharge
in bankruptcy, believing that the question of
priority of liens upon his estate properly be-
longed to the Federal courts to adjudicate,
filed his petition in the district court, praying
that the creditors holding such liens might be
enjoined from proceeding elsewhere than in
the Federal courts, and requiring them to
appear there. He was immediately arrested
on the order of Judge Winglield, circuit judge
of Bedford county, on a charge of contempt of
court, and although he disavowed any inten-
tion of treating the court with disrespect, and
claimed that he was only enforcing a clear
right granted to him by the bankrupt law, ho
was held guilty of the contempt, lined fifty
dollars, and ordered to be committed to prison,
to remain there confined until he discontinued
his suit in the United States court. And his
counsel, living in the city of Richmond, was
also proceeded against, and is now under au
order of that court to appear at Bedford, more
than one hundred and fifty miles distant, to
answer a charge for contempt of court in
advising his client that he had a right to pro-
ceed in the Federal court; and that notwith-
standing the advice was given out of that
court, not in its jurisdiction, and by an attor-
ney not an officer of that court. These are
mentioned only as specimen cases; many sim-
ilar ones, all well authenticated, could be pro-
duced, if the actual occurrences of the several
circuit, corporation, and other courts were
shown.
Complete as this machinery had proven
itself, experience developed a slight imperfec-
tion. It was found that in some cases it was
difficult to obtain a jury of twelve men every
one of whom could be brought to agree, not
according to the law and the evidence, but
according to the weight of the prejudice. A
powerful obstacle to the correction of this evil
was found in the provisions of the State con-
stitution adopted in 1869, which provided that
all persons entitled to vote and hold office,
and none others, should be eligible to sit. as
jurors. The power to summon the jury being
in the hands of sheriffs of counties and ser-
geants of corporations, some of whom were
Republicans, the enabling act of 1870 was
passed, which removed nearly every Repub-
lican sheriff from office and was rigidly en-
forced, though clearly and admittedly uncon-
stitutional and void. This power, thus restore I
to inimical hands, was remorselessly executed.
What occurred in a remarkable criminal trial
in Richmond has been elsewhere repeated on
a smaller scale. A prominent Republican was
on trial; three hundred men were summoned
as jurors, of which but three ever professed
to be Republicans or to be impartial toward
Republicanism; and that, too, in a community
in which ttiere are thirteen thousand voters,
so nearly divided that in three elections neither
party has ever obtained a majority of more
than three hundred votes. Buteven a system
which could so grossly, in such a vital man-
ner, discriminate, in the selection of" a jury to
try a Renublicau, against Republicans fell
infinitely short of the insatiable demands of
partisan bigotry and popular prejudice; and it
was that fact that inaugurated the second step
in the infamous series of measures designed
to deprive the people of a fair and impartial
trial by jury. It might happen that the sheriff
charged with the duty of summoning the jury,
being an elective officer and residing in a
community where the Republicans were in a
majority, would be unwilling to risk bis chances
fur a reelection by summoning an exclusively
partisan jury.
Two remedies for this contingency are at
hand. One is to insist upon a freehold qual-
ification, which will exclude all poor men 1'iom
the jury, and the other crowning invention of
wickedness, spite, and malice, the appointment
