186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fotirteenth Amendment—Mr. Piatt,
42d Coxg. ... 1st Sess.
of the jury by the judge, who himself is ap-
pointed by the Legislature for the long term
of eight years. Such a proposition made any-
where but in the South, or in the South in any
times but these, would so shook, horrify, and
outrage the moral sense of even the lowest man
who loved justice and fair dealing as to ren-
der, first, their adoption impossible, or if
adopted, would defeat its enforcement,. Still
the Legislature which has just adjourned,
among it other infamies, has been guilty of
this. Two bills have actually been passed,
one for summoning a jury in criminal cases,
and the other for civil causes, in both of which
it is made the duty of the judge of the court to
furnish to the sheriff a list from which the jury
is to be drawn, and the number is so small as to
make it convenient and easy for that function-
ary to select a body of prejudiced, partial, mer-
cenary, and unscrupulous men, who will never
acquit any Republican of any crime he may
be charged with, no matter what the testimony,
nor decide any cause in favor of any political
opponent, no matter whether he be plaintiff or
defendant., or what the merits are. And to close
up the book of this enormity with a still more
bold and unblushing outrage, it is provided
that when for any cause a jury cannot be made
out of the list so furnished, the judge himself
is to make up a special jury for the special
case. The last chance is thus hopelessly cut off
for any poor man who may be so wretched as
to be a Republican and happens to be charged
by anybody with any offense or liability, civil
or criminal, anywhere 111 the Commonwealth
of Virginia.
J confess that I am utterly unable to contain
myself when 1 contemplate the heartless bar-
barity of the outrages referred to above, the
infernal ingenuity which conceives a scheme
so effective and faultless for the murder of
justice.
II' tlu: Republican party should succeed at
some future day in carrying the State elections
—and there is a great probability of doing so,
and wo cling to that possibility with hope and
tenacity—here again the malignity of the Dem-
ocratic party is surpassed by its infernal in-
genuity; for under a new apportionment bill
which has already become a law we might
elect presidential electors, all the members of
Congress, the Governor, and other State offi-
cers by large majorities, and yet lose both
branches ot the General Assembly. Such a
coaPtingency was plainly within the apprehen-
sion of the Assembly when they passed that
bill. It would require too much time to re-
view the bill itsell ; but. the infamous wicked-
ness of it will be made quite apparent, as will
also its purpose ami design, by considering
the following featuies of it: ten Republican
districts, containing a population of 126,820
souls, are given ten representatives in the
house of delegates, while ten Democratic dis-
tricts, having a population of 02,214, are also
given ten representatives. In other words, it
takes 12,082 Republicans to elect a repre-
sentative, while it, only requires 0,220 Demo-
crats.
Again, the Slate has in round numbers one
hundred counties; taking fifty of the counties
winch are given but one delegate each, and we
find that twenty-five have a population of
307,804 souls, while the other twenty five have
a population of only 171,141 souls, and yet
they have the same number of delegates.
Richmond city and the county of Henrico
loins a Democratic district with 00,270 inhab-
itants, end are given three senators, while
Charlotte and Mecklenburg, strong Republican
counties, having 8">,857 inhabitants, are put
together as one district and given but one
senator. In six senatorial disuiots, arbitra-
rily arranged, the three of them which are
Democratic, containing a population of 10!),-
078 souls, are given five senators, while the
three Republicans districts, having 100,745
inhabitants, are allowed only three senators.
Again, at, the last State election, although
every means and art conceivable was used
successfully to defeat the popular will, out, of
220,000 votes the result showed a Democratic
majority of 18,000; but under this bill, at an-
other election of the counties, should all vote
precisely as they did at the last election, the
Democrats would have ninety-four represent-
atives and the Republicans only thirty-eight;
so that in order to carry the Legislature, and
thus substitute impartial for partial magistrates,
unpartisan for partisan judges, so as to secure
to all the accused a fair and impartial trial, it
becomes necessary that we should carry the
State by a popular majority of 34,000 votes.
Was there ever a more deliberate attempt to
overthrow a republican form of government
by a wicked denial of representation to the
people than this ? 1 can conceive of none.
Other instances of similar political atrocities
committed by the Democratic party of Virginia
since their accession to power are fresh in the
minds of our people. The unparalleled system
of violence and fraud by which that, party has
seized the municipal government of the city of
Richmond, and continues to hold it; the par-
tisan and wicked division into wards of the
city of Petersburg, by which in a city with
more than five hundred Republican majority
the Democracy elect, the council; the failure
of the officers of election of the county of Surry
to meet and count, the vote of that county as
given lor county officers, in November last, by
which act of omissiou the election was vitiated,
and, although the Republicans carried the
county by a large majority, electing all their
officers; the old Democratic ollieers who
were appointed under t.he unconstitutional en-
abling act and never elected by the people,
continue to hold their oflices in defiance of the
will of the people, and are sustained in their
course by the county judge; the imposition
of onerous and unnecessary bonds, by which
all poor men, both white and colored, are pro-
hibited from holding office in the Stale; the
decisions of the county judges, who are made
little kings, with almost despotic powers t,o
oarry out the partisan demands of the Legis-
lature which elected them—powers which,
almost without exception, have been exercised
against Republicans without regard to law or
justice, make up a catalogue of wrongs, out-
rageous violations, and evasions of the spirit
of the new constitution, unscrupulous malig-
nity and partisan hate never paralleled in
the history of parties in this country or any
other.
Sir, I do not recite these things for the pur-
pose of rousing passion or counseling retalia-
tion. I do it hoping to call the attention of
the people of Virginia to the actual condition
of affairs in the State, to show them how they
are being deceived, betrayed, and ruined by
an unscrupulous party, which, wilhall its old
cunning malignity, has, under the disguise and
false pretense of conservatism, oblamed the
cooperation and assistance of good, true-
hearted, generous men, who, deceived by the
representations made to them, have assisted
by their influence and votes in the perpetra-
tion of wrongs at which their better natures
will revolt iti horror when they are made con-
scious of their existence. It is to appeal to
the substantia! citizens of V lrginia, who desire
the prosperity of the State, to unite and them-
selves apply the remedy that shall correct tins
evil. Let them urge the utmost toleration of
political sentiment in all our communities;
let them demand the honest, impartial admiuis-
! tration of the new constitution ; let, them set
the example of treating men who differ from
them politically with liberality and courtesy,
and refuse to ostracise men in social and busi-
ness life simply because of that difference of
opinion. Let us all unite in teaching the judi-
ciary, by the strong force of public opinion,
that only the upright, and impartial judge can
win and wear the crown of public approval;
and, in short, let all good men agree to dis-
agree, if necessary, upon political questions,
and strike hands together in the determination
to respect and protect, each others rights—to
ask nothing of political privilege or protection
for ourselves we are not willing to grant to all
oihers.
1 believe the real heart of the people of Vir-
ginia will respond to such sentiments; and when,
after passing the bill now before the House,
securing, so far as legal enactments can secure,
the rights and privileges conferred by the
amended Constitution, we pass, as I trust and
believe we shall pass, a bill coining from this
side of the House granting universal amnesty
to all our citizens, and restoring to those now
deprived of them all the rights of citizenship
from which their participation in the rebellion
has deprived them, then, sir, we may reason-
ably hope that the reconstruction of the south-
ern States will be complete; that glorious
peace will bless that sunny land ; that human
rights and liberties will be fully protected ;
that religious and political freedom will pre-
vail, the school-house be found on every hill-
side and in every valley, and the people,
educated, free, enlightened, properous, and
happy, will, forgetting the animosities of the
pasi, unite together in the great work of mak-
ing our beloved country the greatest and freest
on earth, the asylum and refuge of the poor
and oppressed of all nations.
Mr. Speaker, before taking my seat, 1 wish
to refer briefly to some remarks which have
been made by mcmbei s on the other side, who
have seen fit, to go out of their way to attack
the large class of citizens of which I am a
humble Representative. l<Yom the commence-
ment. of this debate the courtesy which has
characterized it on both sides has been one
of its most pleasing features. I regret that
any exceptions should have marked its pro-
gress. But, sir, the genlleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Buck,] the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roberts,] thegentleman from the
Brooklyn district,, [Mr. Ki.ysella,] and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gou.aday]
have indulged in violent denunciations of a
class of men they are pleased to term carpet-
baggers, and have treated us to fanciful sketches
of characters said to infest the southern States
particularly, and, in the opinion of the gentle-
men to whom I have referred, answerable lor
all the evils under which those States are suf-
fering. Sir, I deny that the terms •' carpet bag-
ger" and "scalawag" are only applied in the
southern States to the class of men thus de-
scribed. I assert, and defy successful contra-
diction to the assertion, that whatever may be
the case in Kentucky and Tennessee, in Virginia
every white man who is known to belong to
the Republican party has been and is classed
as eil her a carpet.- bagger or a scalawag. Kvery
man born out of the Slate, if a Republican, is,
according to the Democratic party, a carpet-
bagger, and every man born in the State, if a
Republican, is by the same authority a scala-
wag; and this without any regard whatever to
wealth, character, position, virtue, or intelli-
gence.
Sir, we care nolhing for this. We deem it.
an honor to be so designated, for it means that
the man called by either of these terms has
physical courage enough to brave death, anu
moral courage enough to brave social and
Dullness ostracism 111 defense o,f bis principles,
liut we do prote.it. against any Such defini-
tion as lias been g!\en I,} gentlemen to whose
remarks I have aiinded being received as cot-
reet, and we do think it a remarkable exhibition
of impudence for gentlemen who cannot yet
speak the English language without a brogue
