1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
franchised, and thereby excludes the very men who
are most deeply interested in the ree'stablishment of
peace and order."
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, it is
recorded by Mr. Madison that a beautiful inci-
dent occurred as the members of the Federal
Convention were attaching their signatures to
the Constitution, which formed a fitting and
significant close to its proceedings. Dr. Frank-
lin, pointing to the painting of a sun which
hung behind the Speaker's chair, and advert-
ing to a difficulty which is said to exist in dis-
criminating between the picture of a rising and
setting sun, remarked that during the progress
-of their deliberations he had often looked at
this picture and been doubtful as to its charac-
ter, but that he now saw clearly that it was a
rising sun. When the fancy of Franklin gave
to that painting its auroral hues, she had dipped
her pencil in his heart. Sir, let but a healing
conviction of onr true condition and wants
enter into the public mind and heart; let the
animosities and dissensions of the past be
buried in the duties of the present and the
hopes of the future; let the comprehensive
and generous American spirit which framed
our form of government revive in all its quick-
ening power, breathing over us a second spring
of patriotism, and then may we confidently
hope that that emblematic painting, which our
fathers, with " no form nor feeling in their
souls unborrowed from their country," greeted
with patriot prayer as the rising beams of morn-
ing will never, by any line of lessening light,
betoken to the eyes of their children a parting
radiance.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I did not intend
to take part in this debate, but statements have
been made upon this floor that demand refu-
tation, especially from southern Republicans.
The Republicans of the South have been held
up as knaves and thieves; every crime has
been charged upon them. This wholesale de-
nunciation of the millions of Republicans in
the southern States is but carrying out on the
floor of this House on a grander scale the Ku
Klux policy. They first murder their victim,
and then with lying charges blacken his name
and fame, in order to escape some of the odium
attaching among civilized men to their wicked
deeds. The country has become familiar with
this mode of defense in individual cases, and
now it is proposed to familiarize us with this
policy on a national scale, aS the circle of the
infamous Klan widens in influence and begins
to exert a controlling power among that north-
ern Democracy of which it has been the effi-
cient servant and ally and which it now aspires
to rule.
1 have listened with great interest to this
debate, hoping in the interests of peace and
order that the most scathing denunciations of
Ku Kiux violence would come from the Dern
ocraticsideof the House; for if the Democratic
party will set its face resolutely against them,
these outrages and murders and riots would
cease, and tbis bill need not pass. But with
deep sorrow, I find that the Ku Klux will be
more than ever encouraged by the position
taken by the Democracy. It is with sorrow
indeed that I see this, for inthe South we know
too well how much such encouragement enli-
vens the bloody Klan. The opposition pal-
liate and excuse, if tbey do not justify. They
deal with them in soft words. 1 do not object
to some of them speaking of the southern
States in dainty phrase as the " late (so called)
rebellious States," but I did wish the KuKlux
violators of the peace to be spoken of as they
deserve. In vain I listened forit in the speech
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
who leads the opposition to this bill. He does
npt denounce the Ku Klux at all. He attempts
to belittle and palliate these infamous and
gigantic crimes, so numerously committed in
portions of the Soutjj, by saying:
"The utmost extent of insubordination is confined
to a very small number of persons, and they are in
a few localities. Th ey are morely common crimin als,
without politics or higher motives of action than the
base aims of individual offenders."
Yet in the very next sentence the gentleman
goes on to say that you may hope for law and
peace and order in the South when the polit-
ical disabilities of citizens are removed and
when you give back to them rights of which
they have been unjustly deprived, &c. But if
these offenders are, as he says, merely ''com-
mon criminals, without politics," what bear-
ing can any political action have on the sub-
ject? The gentleman's argument recognizes
the truth that this is a political matter, although
he miy, for himself and his party and his Ku
Klux allies, deny it.
And thegentlemanfrom Ohio [Mr. Morgan]
tells us, if you want to preserve peace and tran-
quillity at the South change your policy. This
is the Democratic ultimatum. It is a l£u Klux
threat. It is the language of the highwayman:
"Give me your money peaceably, or I blow
your brains out." I leave it to the people to
decide how much such language tends to restore
"peace and tranquillity at the South."
And the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Whitthoene] tells us about increased taxa-
tion and corrupt State governments; of the
negro being enfranchised and the white con-
federate soldiers being disfranchised, &c., and
in view of these things, speaking of the confed-
erate soldier, asks, " Can you wonder that his
blood will occasionally outrun his judgment?"
Because, from a Ku Klux's stand point, there
are corrupt State governments, negroes and
Republicans are to be killed, because this is
always the way in which his " blood outruns
his judgment." And he spoke in earnest terms
of our " white brother, lorded over (as he is
pleased to state it) by the ignorant, thriftless
black, who, the slave and tool of tricksters
and plunderers, yet flaunts his freedom in that
brother's face." "Ay, there's the rub!" He
'•flaunts his freedom " in a white man's face I
He, a black man, dares to be free, and, worse
than that, dares to be proud of his freedom!
Why should he not be kukluxed ?
The same gentleman proceeds to show by
tables of statistics how rich and prosperous the
South has become since peace, and I rejoice
with him in her prosperity ; but he forgets that
Democratic members are continually dinning
into our ears that reconstruction and the cor-
rupt Republican State governments have bank-
rupted the people and destroyed their energy
and hope, and ruined and desolated the coun-
tries which they rule. OurDemocratic friends
ought to manage better than to try and prove
both sides of an opposing cause.
While the Opposition have been speaking of
the desolation and want existing in many por-
tions of the South at the close of the war and
for one or two subsequent years, they have not
the gratitude of that same impoverished people;
for they at least will never forget how, in their
darkest hour of want and need, the much-abused
Freedruen's Bureau came to their aid and'fur-
nished rations and clothing to a poverty-stricken
people. In the year 1866 the bureau furnished
nearly four million rations to whites and nearly
six millions to freedmen. The issue of rations
was commenced as soon as the war closed, in
1865, and continued through the years 1866,
1867, and 1868. In the single month of August,
1865, the commissary department of the Army,
distinct from the Bureau of Refugees and Freed-
men, relieved the wants of 148,120 poor people,
white and black—that much in a single month
from onedepartmentof the Government alone.
And, in addition to all this, vast amounts of
clothing were purchased and given away by the
Government. Democratic politicians may for
selfish ends try to make it appear that the
Republican party wishes to crush the people
of the South, may ignore and try to forgetthese
acts of kindness and substantial evidences of
good feeling; but the people will not forget
them.
It is charged, in justification of the Ku Klux,
that the Republicans have broken up Slate
credit by taxing and plundering the people.
Look at our own State of Mississippi, which
has been for a little over a year under Repub-
lican rule. Our State credit has been raised
from sixty to ninety-five cents on the dollar.
That is my answer to that. The clause in onr
State constitution prohibiting the State from
loaning its credit, &c., was inserted by a Re-
publican convention, and when that clause was
submitted to a separate vote of the people
the central leading organ of the Democracy
tried to have it voted down, and printed the
Democratic ticket that way, but the Repub-
licans retained it. Democrats are fast enough
with charges against others, but they will not
look at their own bad record. The Democrats
of Mississippi stole and plundered $12,000,000,
and then added to this crime the damning stain
of repudiation, and yet no Democrat lias a
word to say against them; and lately they stole
and squandered the hundreds of thousands of
dollars in gold and silver of our " Chickasaw
school fund," a sacred trust, the beneficent gift
of the General Government, and yet no Demo-
crat says a word against that. And, later
still, they have stolen and squandered almost
all of our township school fund, an immense
sum, and yet no Democrat says aught against
that. The Democracy of the South show an
alacrity at stealing school funds that would put
to shame Mercury, the god of thieves, him-
self. If President Grant should be impeached,
and the Mississippi Republican State Legisla-
ture should vote money to defend him, what
an outcry would be raised by Democrats about
Republican corruption and wastefulness ; and
yet the last Democratic Legislature of Missis-
sippi, among their other stealings, voted away
$'20,000 to defend Jeff. Davis on the charge
of treason, and yet no Democrat says aught
against that.
In Mississippi's palmiest days of pride and
power and wealth the Democracy reduced her
credit to the lowest ebb. In the midst of her
peace and prosperity they hurled her into the
front rank of secession and war, and brought
her to poverty and mourning and desolation,
to gratify insane Democratic ambition. Even
if so minded the Republicans could not inflict
upon Mississippi the ruin and woe which Dem-
ocrats have inflicted upon her. As to the
charge of the gentleman from Kentucky, and
ignorantly repeated by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kinsella,] that the Repub-
licans of Mississippi propose assuming the old
Democratic debt of S80,000,000, it is as base-
less as the winds. We will neither assume that
Democratic debt nor the Democratic infamy
attaching thereto. We want nothing to do
with it.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman who ran against
you for Congress, and claimed to have been
elected in your district, told me that he re-
ceived that information from your Governor.
That is my authority for the statement.
Mr. McKEE. The gentleman's statement
was that Governor Alcorn remained there, in
the Governorship, in order to prevent the Re-
publican Legislature from assuming the State
debt. Now, the only speech that was made ou
the subject—the proposition was voted down—
was made against the proposition by Lieuten-
ant Governor Powers, the gentleman who will
be the Governor when Governor Alcorn comes
to the Senate. That of itself shows how base-
less is the charge.
Another member of the Opposition, also from
Kentucky, [Mr. Lewis,] with others of the
Democracy, said with truth .that at the close
of the war it was of the highest importance to
both white and black that good feeling should
prevail, and he further adds that—
"The men, of all others, whose wisdom and expe-
rience gave them the confidence of both races in the
South, and who wore best ablo to reorganize the gov-
ernments. harmonize the two races, and subdue
tumult and disorder, were disfranchised and rendered
