1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Willard.
Ho. op Reps
that betrays their foreign birth to dare to stig-
matize native American citizens as carpet-
baggers in the sense in which they use the
term. I would give every Irishman who comes
to this country to escape the oppression which
has cursed his own fair land, to every Scotch-
man who comes hereto win fame and fortune,
to every foreigner who comes to us, a warm
and hearty welcome. I would welcome them
to all the privileges which our Government
can extend, to every privilege that any Amer-
ican citizen can claim. I would, if necessary,
take up arms to secure them all these rights
of citizenship.
I believe that when they have complied with
all the requirements of our Constitution and
laws, and we require them to assume all the
duties of citizenship, they that moment become
entitled to all the rights and emoluments of
citizenship, including the right to hold office.
I would give them without exception all the
rights 1 ask for myself; but I would not give
them any more. I believe an Irishman who
has become a citizen of New York has a per-
fect right to represent on this floor any constit-
uency that chooses to elect him; but I want
him to give me the same privilege. Why, sir,
a majority of the American Congress in both
branches are carpet-baggers. Expel the car-
pet-baggers from this House and no quorum
would remain. A majority of the greatest and
best men this country has produced have been
carpet-baggers, who in few if any instances
had achieved any great distinction before leav-
ing the place of their birth. Henry Clay was
a carpet-bagger, Daniel Webster was a carpet-
bagger, Christopher Columbus was a carpet-
bagger, and John Smith and the Pilgrim
Fathers were the great original carpet baggers,
whose excellent example so many of us have
followed. I respectfully submit, sir, that it
is about time for this senseless, unpatriotic,
un-American epithet to be discarded fiom the
vocabulary of this House, or else let it be
accepted, used, and understood in its true
meaning and significance.
A word or two more to my friends and polit-
ical associates on this side of the House and I
shall be done. Those of you living in com-
munities where political toleration exists to
the fullest degree, where to be a Republican is
of itself meritorious in the eyes of the best por-
tion of the people, honored because of your
position by the people your own acquirements
prompt you to -seek as associates, you have
and can have little conception of what Repub-
licans in the South have endured for their con-
science sake. Two alternatives are offered to
a northern Republican who makes his home
in the South. On the one side he must take
his life in his hand, submit to unjust social and
business ostracism, and almost total exclusion
from the amenities of life among his neigh-
bors, and too often when he appeals to his
p.arty friends in Washington for the protection
and sympathy he so sorely needs he meets a
cold response, a doubting and doubtful recep-
tion, and finds that southern Republicans have
few rights their friends at the North deem
themselves bound to respect. On the other
hand, if he will only abandon his principles,
if he will only join the Democratic party, he
is welcomed to all the amenities of social life,
he meets the outstretched hand of welcome,
the embrace of friendship, is never called car-
pet bagger, but is considered and treated as a
gentleman, taken up as a candidate, and if
possible elected to the best office.
And the Democratic party in the South are
so elated when they can get a carpet-bagger lo
join them that they nearly always take them
up and run them for office. As a few illustra-
tions out of many, look at Walker, of Vir-
ginia, Dent, of Mississippi, Carpenter, of South
Carolina, all run as candidates for Governor
of their respective States, the two last named
defeated. And an instance familiar to all the
members of the Forty-First Congress, the elec-
tion to this House by Democrats of Mr. Con-
ner, of Texas. The lesson to be derived from
these facts is that the Democratic party has
learned the great lesson of taking care of its
friends, and no party that fails to do this can
permanently or for any great length of time
continue in power. I implore the Republican
party to learn this lesson from their enemies.
Protect your friends in the South, extend over
them the shield of law and order by the pas-
sage of this bill, make us feel all tlirough the
South that the great organization of which we
are proud to be a part possesses the power
and the will to protect all its friends, and you
will add untold strength to the loyal sentiment
of that section. Let us return to our people
when this Congress adjourns carrying in one
hand the law that shall protect every citizen
from outrage, that shall punish the perpetrators
of the infamous crimes against innocent men
which have disgraced so many localities, that
will give to all our friends in the South the
anxiously looked-for assurance that their ap-
peals to an American Congress have not been
unheeded, but that their rights have been
acknowledged and will be maintained, and in
the other hand amnesty for past offenses,
peace and good-will to all, combining oblivion
of the past with security for the present and
future, and when we again assemble h-ere next
December instead of sounds of .anguish and
sorrow, the moans of the wounded and the
dying being brought to your ears from the
South, you will hear sounds of rejoicing, the
hum of industry, and songs of busy labor,
tidings of joy and gladness from all the peo-
ple, and our distracted, beautiful land shall
indeed be blessed with peace, happiness, and
prosperity.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. C. W. WILLARD,
of vermont,
In the Hocse or Representatives,
April 6. 1871.
The lTouse hn.ving under consideration the bill
(It. E. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendmentto the Constitution of tlie United
States, anil for other purposes—
Mr. WILLARD said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 have sought the opportunity
of giving in the briefest possible compass the
reasons which influenced me at the outset to
oppose not onlythe original proposition offered
by thedistinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sheelabargep,,] but the proposition afterward
reported by the select committee ; and also
the reasons which now influence me to sup-
port the amendment which was moved to the
bill on yeste.rday by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellauarger,] and to vote for the bill
should that amendment be adopted. And I
do this because it is proper at any time, and
especially when such a measure as this is
under consideration, for any member of this
House to put upon reeoid his opinions as to
the powers that belong to the Government of
the United States.
It has been frequently said in the course of
this debate that a government that cannot
protect its citizens wherever they may be is
unworthy the name of a government, and that
if our Government cannot protect its citizens
everywhere it is unfit lo be called a Govern-
ment. The logical deduction on the part of
those who have presented the proposition is
that as this is a Government, therefore we can
do anything. Now, I hold that the Govern-
ment of the United Stales exists only by virtue
of and under the Constitution of the United
States ; that it has no single power and no com-
bination of powers that are not given to it. by
that instrument. When we ask on this floor
or elsewhere what the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States can do to protect its citizens we
must look within the Constitution for the an-
swer to that question. We may go to the
extent of the powers granted ; we cannot go
one step beyond, even if those powers come
short, totally short, of authorizing us to give
due and adequate protection to the citizens of
the United States.
One thing more. I am not of the opinion that
the war for the suppression of the late rebel-
lion, as such, has changed in any manner the
Governmentof the United States. There were
prior to the war two different interpretations
of the Constitution of the United States; one
that it was a compact between States, the
other that it was a Constitution of the people;
and so far as the war has settled anything it
has doubtless settled that great question, and
established the proposition that this Govern-
ment is a Government of the people and that
the Constitution is not a compact between the
States. But, aside from the amendments which
have lately been made to it, the Constitution
to-day is the same that it was in 1861; aside
from those amendments the powers of Con-
gress, the powers of the Executive, the powers
of the judiciary are the same to day that they
were before the rebellion. Nothing even in
the construction of the Constitution can be
regarded as settled by the war, except that
States cannot secede from the Union at pleas-
ure and that there is and was in the Constitu-
tion a grant of power sufficient to prevent by
force such secession; and when we are dis-
cussing what the Government may now do we
must still go back to the written description of
those powets.
I have been educated to believe that there
was a clear and well defined line between the
powers of the General Government and the
powers of the Slates; that what the General
Government might do was plainly set forth in
the Constitution, and that outside of that the
peopleand the States had all power: and I hoid
to that belief to-day. And in no respect has
this boundary line been clearer than upon the
subjects concerning which we are now propos-
ing to legislate. On this point there has hitherto
been but one opinion, and that has been held
and acted upon and declared by every depart-
ment of the Government. The internal alfairs
of a State, its police regulations, and all laws
for the protection of society or the peison and
property of individuals against lawless vio-
lence, are matters of State concern, and en-
tirely outside of any powers conferred upon
the General Government. Certain specified
crimes, as treason and counterfeiting pnd
offenses against the laws of the United States,
the General Government has jurisdiction of
and can punish ; but it cati no more punish
otfenses against,life and property, as such, than
it can regulate the distribution of the property
of estates, the enforcement of civil contracts,
the matters of taxation, or the proceedings in
courts, in the States. The individual, for all
purposes except, for the purpose of carrying
into effect, the Constitution of ttie United States
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, looks
to the State government for protection, and
can have it nowhere else; and in the minds
of those who framed the Constitution prob-
ably no belief was firmer than that, for all time
it was much safer toleaiethe States to protect
the rights of the people than to place that duty
unon the General Government. I believe that
in this they were especially wise ; but whether
wise or not, I have no doubt that they hau that
opinion and made '.he Constitution to conform
to it.
Now, I come immediately to the proposition
before the House. And litre 1 c.ill etieiih.m,
first, to the bill 'originally intii.duei'l i>> 11 e
