i&n.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
"But, sir, X do not stop here. I hold in my hand
anither official report made by General Grant, in
December, 1885, after he had mad^ a tour through
the southern'States; and what does he say?
"' My observations lead me to the conclusion that
the citizens of the southern States are anxious to
return to self-government, within the Union, as soon
as possible; that while reconstructing theywantand
require protection from the Governineut; Miat they
are in earnest in wishing to do what they think is
required by the Government, not humiliating to them
as citizens.'
*' General Grantfurther says:
" 'And if sucheourse wore pointed outthey would
pursue it in good faith.'
" This was in December, 1865."
Certainly all was peace and quiet in the
South in 1865. They had exhausted them-
selves in the struggle to destroy the Union.
They had sickened of blood, were broken in
spirit and fortune, and longed for rest. They
would probably have continued to live quietly,
peacefully, and orderly but for the advice and
encouragement to do otherwise, given them by
the national Democratic convention in 1868.
The people of the South learned from the pro-
ceedings, speeches, and resolutions of that
convention, what they had not previously dis-
covered, to wit, that they had been badly used,
that they were an ill-treated people, that
they had been wronged and outraged by being
retused immediate and unconditional repre-
sentation in Congress, that no guarantees for
their future good behavior, and for the future
peace and security of the nation could be con
stitationally required. They were sympa-
thized with, condoled over, told that it was
not manly to thus submit to Radical legislation ;
that" the reconstruction acts, so called, of Con-
gress, as such, wore usurpations and unconsti-
tutional, revolutionary, and void." The peo-
ple of the South had a right to infer from the
resolutions of that convention and the utter-
ances of their leaders that tb"y would be justi-
fied in every effort to thwart the laws of Con-
gress, that what was void it was every man's
duty to disregard, that what was usurpation it
was patriotism to defy, that what was uncon-
stitutional every man had a right to resist. It
was then, in 1868, the soldiers of the confed-
eracy formed these oath-bound societies, and,
armed and masked, began their work of intim-
idation and death. It was then that midnight
murders, scourgings, and burnings were intro-
duced for the attainment of political ends. It
was then the poor freedman was murdered, and
the meek and lowly minister of Christ whipped
until he lay bleeding and helpless, for no other
reason than because he dared modestly to
assert his manhood and avail himself of the
privileges of an American citizen by giving
expression through voice and ballot to the
honest convictions of his heart.
Do you want proof? Read the four hundred
pages presented by the select committee of
the Senate; read the Ku Klux oath; read the
confession of those who crossed the portals of
that organization and withdrew appalled by
the wickedness of its designs, wherein they
tell you " that while the objects of the organ-
ization were to attain certain political ends,
the means used and resorted to were such as
would shock a civilized and enlightened peo-
ple." If all this is insufficient to convince
you that under our flag and Constitution men
are persecuted for opinion's sake and denied
the rights and privileges of citizens, turn to
the daily papers and follow the constantly accu-
mulating record of criminal acts in the South,
which, day by day, attest the deadly hostility
•of rebel Democrats toward their Republican
neighbors.
But waive all this, admit for the sake of
argument that the number of these outrages is j
exaggerated, that the rights of but one citizen j
have been stricken down, and that the State 1
wherein the offense was committed has by
reason of indifference or lack of power failed
to redress his wrongs; suppose there is but
one solitary case; what should we do? The
citizen has been faithful to the Government,
has stood by it in the hour of its peril, has
risked his life and lost limbs in its defense, has
defended it bravely through gloom, disaster,
Humiliation, and defeat; has been unswerving,
unflinching, and untiring in his devotion to its
flag; the Government is now safe, but this citi-
zen is in peril. Shall the Government aban-
don liira in the time of his danger? Docs it
owe him nothing? Shall it not interfere for
his protection? Surely, if it fails to do so it
is unworthy the name of a Government.
The rights, privileges, and immunities which
the Constitution confers upon the citizen, or
guaranties to him, no State, no community, no
individual should be permitted to take away,
abridge, or render insecure. The Constitution
should cover the nation as a shield and encom-
pass its citizens like a fortress. It should be
supreme, omnipotent, and omnipresent in all
the States and Territories of the Onion, and if
one individual in Ohio,iu Georgia, or elsewhere
on United States soil, cannot, by reason of
popular sentiment or secret organizations or
prejudiced juries or bribed judges, obtain the
rights and privileges due an American citizen,
and thereupon appeals to Congress for help, it
is its duty to listen to that appeal. And if it
finds that a citizen's constitutional rights are
in jeopardy from any cause, that they have
been ruthlessly stricken down or wrongfully
denied, and existing laws are inadequate for
his relief, it is bound to make such appropriate
further legislation as shall be sufficient lor his
protection and redress. That is his hope, his
safety, his right; and although a million may
stand up and deny, and he solitary and alone
may stand up and demand, it is the duty of the
General Government to investigate, and if the
demand be just and true, delend that one
against the unwarrantable and unconstitutional
assaults of that million. That is our duty.
In that consists the value of the Constitution,
for this it was framed; and any measure cal-
culated to extend its provisions and render them
effective, by securiug to every individual citi-
zen the privileges which it was designed to
confer, is entitled to the respectful considera-
tion and support of all honest men.
Mr. McHENiiY. Mr. Speaker, when I left
my home for this Capitol I did not contemplate
that we would engage in any general legisla-
tion, and nothing was more remote from my
expectations than that I should enter at this ses-
sion on the discussion of any subject whatever.
But, sir, the importance of the bill now before
this House, the object sought to be obtained
by it, the reckless disregard for the Constitu-
tion, for the rights of the citizen, and for the
rights of the States, prompt me, new as I
am on this floor, to raise my humble voice
against it. The bill by its terms is not con-
fined in its operations to any State or number
of States in the Union, but it is well under-
stood that the object of the party who intro-
duced and who intend to pass it is to strike at
the States lately in rebellion, and at the State
which I have the honor in part to represent
on this floor; and 1 feel that 1 should be recre
ant to the trust reposed in me by a law-abiding,
peaceful, and intelligent constituency if I in
silence permitted its passage and suffered it to
become a law without entering my solemn
protest against its enactment.
The first section of the bill is intended as an
amendment of the civil rights act, and gives a
civil remedy for the deprivation of rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities secured by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and vests in the Fed
eial courts jurisdiction to determine the indi-
vidual rights of citizens of the same State ; a
jurisdiction which of right belongs only to the
State tribunals, and to rob thein of it by the
power of the Federal Government is an infrac-
tion of the Constitution so fianwt that the
people will hold to a strict accountability those
men and that party who perpetrate the out-
rage. The first section of the fourteenth arti-
cle of the Constitution says that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of the cit-
izens of the United States; nor shall an i Ptate de-
prive any person of life,liberty, or prouertj without
due process of law, nor deny to any pors'.n within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
This section is a limitation on the powers of
the States, and the full scope and manifest
meaning of" it is that any law enacted by a
State which shall "abridge the privileges and
immunities of a citizen," or "deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law," or " deny to any person
wilhin its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws." is in violation of the Federal Con-
stitution and is void. No power is given Con-
gress to enforce upon the citizen a punishment
or penalty for the wrong and delinquency of a
State. It is for the States to enlorce this pro-
vision by abstaining from the enactment of
such laws as conflict with it, and the courts to
protect the citizen by upholding and regarding
the higher law of the Constitution. Because
the State is forbidden to pass such laws it does
not follow that Congress has the right to en-
force this provision in the States. Section
ten, article one, says:
"No State shall pass any bill of attainder, ex post
facto law, or law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, or grant any title of nobility."
Yet it was never contended that Congress
had the power to enforce these provisions.
Whenever they were violated by a State law
the courts, both State and Federal, protected
the citizen by declaring the enactment to be in
conflict w til the fundamental law. Nor did
Congress have the power to do any of these
things be-ause the States were prohibited to
do them, for Congress has no power except
such as is expressly delegated; and the State
being limited and prevented from passing
'•bills of attainder," ''cxpost facto laws,"
etc., by tuis section, it follows that there is
no power anywhere to pass such laws, and
all courts so decide.
And as a question of policy, even if the
right of Congress should be admitted, it is
manifestly to the best interests of the people
that the State, through her courts, should en-
force the privileges and immunities guaran-
tied by this section. The Federal Government
has but two or three courts in any State, and
in some only one. The contests among citi-
zens under this provision will be numerous,
and it is a tyranny to drag people hundreds
of miles from their homes to have their cases
tried before courts where the expense of lit-
igation will be ruinous to them, instead of
having them heard before their State courts,
and where the facts will be determined by a
jury of the vicinage.
The sccond section provides that if two or
more persons shall band, conspire, or com-
bine together to do any act in violation of the
rights, privileges, or immunities of any person
to which he is entitled under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, which would,
under any law of the United States, constitute
the crime of either murder, manslaughter,
mayhem, robbery, assault and battery, per-
jury, subornation of perjury, criminal obstruc-
tion of legal process, or resistance of officers
in discharge of official duty, arson or larceny,
and if one or more of the parties to said con-
spiracy or combination shall do any act to
eflect the object thereof, then all the parties to
or engaged m said conspiracy or combination,
whether principals or accessories, shall be
deemed guilty of a felony.
Now, sir, under this section a man is made
a felon, not only tor committing an offense
which by law is not a felony, but he is made
a felon if he conspires to do an act which may
not be a felony and his coconspirator does any
acttocarry out the intention. Notwithstanding
the offense may not in fact be committed, still
both are guilty felons under this law. For
instance, a^saultand battery is uotafelony, and
two men may agree and conspire together to
commit an assault and battery on a third party,
