430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
and one of them may procure the club or go
to the place where it ia proposed that it shall
be done, and may fail in his object; still, both
are to be found guilty and punished, although,
in fact, no assault and battery was committed,
and notwithstanding one of them may have
abandoned the purpose. Thus you punish
without crime and make a felon of a man who
only intended to commit a misdemeanor. Such
a law is cruel and unjust. A man may con-
spire to commit a larceny or a felony and
abandon the intention to do so; still, if his
confederate attempts to commit the crime, he
becomes amenable to the penalties of the law
and suffers the punishment, although no crime
was committed or attempted by him.
The common law and the penal code of
every State have laws which are just and strin-
gent against men who conspire for crime,
laws that have been in force "time whereof
the memory of man runneth not to the con-
trary," improved by the experience of time and
the light of modern intelligence. This law, sir,
goes back of the legal enlightenment of the
present generation, and is a bantling of that
devilish feeling engendered during the war,
and which is still nurtured in the bosoms of
extreme and unforgiving men, who seek to
perpetuate their power by keeping alive issues
that patriotism would bury in oblivion.
The fourteenth amendment, as I have at-
tempted to show, under a fair construction,
does not give the power to Congress to take
*'rom the States their jurisdiction in cases
between citizens of the same State, unless it
shall be upon some question arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
The Constitution clearly and distinctly de-
fines and limits the powers and jurisdiction
of the Federal courts. The second section,
article three, says:
"The judicial power shall extend to alt cases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United fetates, and treaties made, or
■which shall be made, under their authority; to all
oases affecting embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls; to all cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United
btates shall be a party; to controversies between
two or more btates; between a State and citizens of
another btate ? between citizens of different States •
between citizens of the satno State claiming lands
under grants of different States, and between a State,
or the citizens thereof, and foreign States, citizens
or subjects."
No power is here given to the Federal courts
to try one citizen of a State for depriving an-
other citizen of the same State of his " rights,
privileges, and immunities," or no power given
them to try and punish citizens for murder,
felonies, or misdemeanors committed in a
State, or to try and punish for "conspiracies
and combinations for crime." This section
of the Constitution is not amended, abridged,
or limited by the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment, but exists in its full force and
meaning, and defines the boundary of the juris-
diction of Federal courts; and the power given
Congress to enforce the provision of the four-
teenth amendment, in no manner whatever
interferes with the definition and limitation
of the jurisdiction as given in this section.
The third section of the bill provides " ivhen
insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful com-
binations," meaning such as described in the
preceding section, or conspiracies in any Stale,
r u S° or hinder the execution
of the laws thereof as to deprive any portion
or class of the people of such State of any
of the rights, privileges, or immunities named
in and secured by this act, and the consti-
tuted authorities of such State shall either be
unable to, or shall, from any cause, fail in or
refuse protection of the people m such rights,
and shall fail or neglect, through the proper
authorities, to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, then the
President of the United States is authorized
and empowered to use the Army and Navy of
the United States, " or other means, ashe may
deem necessary, for the suppression of such
insurrection, domestic violence, or combina-
tions."
Under the Constitution, the President only
can send the Army or Navy into a State to
suppress insurrection or domestic violence,
when he shall be called on to do so by the
Governor or constituted authorities of said
State. And this is as the law should be. Each
State has an Executive, charged with the exe-
cution of its laws, and who has authority to
use the State militia to put down insurrection
and domestic violence; and if there should be
a combination so strong as to defy the power
of the State, then the Executive may, and it is
his duty, to demand assistance from the Pres-
ident of the United States, who has 110 right
to interfere until he is called on by the State
authority. But under the law now sought to be
passed the President may, whenever he shall
in any way be informed, or whether ho has
any information at all, send the Army into
any State, and there make war upon its people
for the suppression of combinations which are
too insignificant to attract the attention of the
Governor of the State, or which the Governor
may deem proper to leave to the grand juries
and county officials. Any evil-disposed per-
son, who may be a Federal office-holder, and
who may happen to have the ear of the Pres-
ident, has the power to turn his village into
a military barrack and overrun his neighbor-
hood with troops sent to put down some fan-
cied combination' or conspiracy, or to over-
awe some terrible Ku Klux who have sent him
threatening letters, or who may exist only in
his imagination.
These terrible combinations and insurrec-
tions will exist in many of the southern States
about the time of elections, and we shall have
the Army sent into the southern States to put
combinations which they say Democrats will
make to prevent the negroes from exercising
their "rights" under the fifteenth amendment,
and to prevent that great combination which
the people of the United States are now form-
ing, and_ which is gathering strength every day,
and which, if not put down by the bayonet,
will sweep from power the men who enact such j
laws as this. j
The ninth section, article one, of the Con
stitution says that "the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless
when, in cases of rebellion or invasion, the pub-
lic safety may require it." The writ of habeas
corpus, then, cannot be suspended except in
eases of rebellion or invasion ; and the fourth
section ot this bill seeks to make a rebellion in
order to give a constitutional pretext to sus-
pend the writ and declare martial law ; and it
declares that—
" Whenever in any State, or part of a State, the
unlawful combinations named in the preceding sec-
tion of this act shall be organized and armed, and so
numerous and powerful as to be able to either over-
throw or set at defiance the constituted authorities
oi such state, or when the constituted authorities are
in complicity with or shall connive at the unlawful
purposes oi such combinations, and when, byreason
or other or any of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety in said district shall become imprac-
ticable, in every such case such combinations shall
be deemed a rebellion against the Government of
the United States."
Then the President can declare martial law
and suspend the writ. Who is to determine
'' when the constituted authorities are in com-
plicity with or shall connive at the unlawful
purposes of" the combination? Who is to
say that "the conviction of the offenders"
is impracticable? The President alone is to
determine these questions, and the sources of
the information upon which he is to act are not
pointed out by the law. He may act without
sufficient information. He has the power
under the law to do so without information
at all.
The great power is here given him at any
time to declare any State under martial law
and to suspend the writ. Such power, "in the
earlier and better days of the Republic," would
never be given to a President; and a political
party that would seek to clothe its leader with
such a kingly prerogative would be-hurled from
office by an indignant public. Why, sir are
the provisions of this fourth section limited
only to be in force until the 1st of June, 1872
if it is a good law? Why not let it be in force
until the necessity for it shall have passed away
and then repeal it? Ah, sir, who so blind as
not to see that it is intended mainly to cover
the next presidential election? And, to hide
this design, they make it expire a few months
before, knowing that the same Congress which
enacts it now will be in session then, and ample
excuse will certainly be manufactured to con-
tinue it in force for another year, and from
time to time, as the Radical party may need
it to hold their power. This purpose is too
manifest to blind us by the limitation put upon
the bill now.
The President, under this law, will have 'the
power to control the elections in all the south-
ern States and to give to himself and liis party
another lease of four years of administration •
and the law will be used for that purpose!
Such is its intention and such will be its effect.
The party that now control this Government,
and who have controlled it for the last tea
years, do not propose to let the records and
archives of their misrule be laid open to the
public. No, sir; their love of power and plun-
der is too great to risk the chances of a fair
election, and they will not have it if success
depends on force or strategy.
In May last a law was passed "to enforce
the right of citizens of the United.States to
vote" in the several States, and heavy pen-
alties were provided against "any person who
should prevent, hinder, control, or intimidate
any person from exercising, or in exercising,
the right of suffrage," to whom that right was
guarantied by the fifteenth amendment; and
this law was violated in hundreds, perhaps
thousands, of instances in my State, at the
August and November elections, by the men
whose right to vote the law pretended to pro-
tect. ^ The negroes, acting under the advice
and instigation of white Radicals, both by
"threats and intimidation," "hindered, con-
trolled, and prevented " other negroes in "ex-
ercising the right of suffrage," and thus de-
prived them of their rights secured by tho
fifteenth amendment, which the law was en-
acted for the express purpose of protecting.
Many of them, if left to the free exercise of
this right, would have voted for Democrats.
Yet no arrests were made, no indictments
were found.
The violators of the law were not Democrats,
and the law was made only to prevent their
interference with the negro right to vote.
That same law was used as a pretext to carry
the New York election, but it gave no power
to declare martial law, and the people were
not overawed by the bayonet and voted the
Democratic ticket in defiance of intimidation.
Bat in the South and in my State the peo-
ple, who have seen men marched off to the
guard-house and to jail for offering to exercise
the highest privilege of au American, free-
man, know what a military election means;
but they hoped that the time for such elections
had passed. Bat, sir, under this bill the Pres-
ident is invited to renew them, and when the
election comes off those districts in a southern
State which are Democratic can be placed
under martial law. The "unlawful combina-
tions" will be charged to exist and a u rebel-
lion" proclaimed, to the end that the vote of
the State shall be Republican.
The temptation to hold the power and pat-
ronage and control the finances of this great
Government is too strong to suppose for a
moment that the cupidity of the party in power
will fail to use all the means within its grasp
to hold its place, and it is vain for gentlemen
to say that this bill will not be used for party
purposes. If the power to control the elec-
