1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Chamber are out at present, and I do not think
that an agreement ought to be pressed for at
this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I notify the Senate,
in pursuance of the notice I have already given
to Senators individually, that to-morrow, if a
majority of the Senate will stay here, I shall
insist on a vote upon the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Why not to-day ?
Mr. SHERMAN. To-day we have not had
fair notice. I think we had better sit it out
to-morrow, if the majority are willing to stay
here until we get a vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. At some hoar to-mor-
row?
Mr. SHERMAN. At as early an hour as
possible.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no desire to
cheek the debate. Certainly, I desire that
every Senator should speak as long as he
wishes to speak on this question, although I
think every Senator who desires to debate it
will be willing to conform himself to the con-
venience of the Senate. He ought to do so,
and I presume he will. But uothing will be
lost by taking the vote on fhis resolution now,
and leaving the same subject to be discussed
upon the concurrent resolution. However, if
the Senator from California objects, that is
the end of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let me ask the Senator
from Rhode Island if he means the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio, as originally intro-
duced by him?
Mr. ANTHONY. I mean to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, when the final vote is
taken, that the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report forthwith. That is all the
amendment I propose. I do not know what
amendments other Senators may propose.
Mr. CASSERLY. That, then, will be a
second amendment to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
amendment pending. The Senator from Ohio
modified his resolution, there having been no
vote taken upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. In the length of time
which has elapsed, and the multiplicity of prop-
ositions in the shape of resolutions, single or
joint, that we have had before us, I have
forgotten what the resolution is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state its condition. On the 16th of March the
Senator from Ohio offered a resolution. On
the 21st of March, no vote having been taken
upon it, he modified it. The Senator from
California will obtain the resolution in print
as now modified by getting Miscellaneous Doc-
ument No. 16, part 2, ordered to be printed
March 21, 1871. That is the question now
before the Senate, and it is subject to amend-
ment and to amendment to amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was engaged for the
moment. Will the Secretary be good enough
to read the resolution just now spoken of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Raohed, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men. mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths and secret obligations, are
proven to exist in the State of North Carolina, and
have by force, terror, and violence, defied civil
authority in that State, and by organized perjury
have rendered the courts powerless to punish the
crimes they have committed, thus overthrowing the
safety of person and property, and the rights which
are the primary basis of all civil government, and
which are guarantied by the Constitution of the
United States to all its citizens; and as there is good
reason to believe that similar organizations exist,
and have produced similar results in many parts of
the late insurrectionary States; therefore, the Judi-
ciary Committee is instructed to report a bill or bills
to enable the President and the courts of the United
States to execute the laws, punish and prevent such
organized violenoe, and secure to all citizens the
rights so guarantied to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the reso-
lution as modified by the Senator from Ohio.
It has not been amended by any vote of the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. And the proposition now
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 28.
is to take the vote on it at some hour to-mor-
row.
Mr. SHERMAN. To fix the hour as a mat-
ter of convenience to the Senate. It does not
make any difference to me what hour is fixed.
I would rather the Senator would fix the hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And that the
debate shall continue on the concurrent res-
olution is the proposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must say, after the
passage of such a resolution as this, to con-
tinue the debate on the concurrent resolution
would be a good deal like ordering a trial over
a man after he had been hanged.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be a bill re-
ported one way or the other, and the subject
will be continued, no doubt, in the form of a
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. T do not wish to stand
in the way of anybody's wishes, or even any
Senator's convenience; but I would rather
not consent to an agreement to-day. I think,
probably, we can come to one to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we cannot agree, it is
understood, if the majority will stand by me,
that I intend to have a vote on this resolution
to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. CONKLING, and
Mr. STEWART. Why not to-day ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we may as well
take it up to-morrow and dispose of it. If the
Judiciary Committee were ready to report, I
should then be very willing to take the vote
to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. The soonor wo pass the
resolution the soonor they will bo ready to
report.
Mr. CASSERLY. The proposition is a sur-
prise, I think, to everybody on this side of the
Chamber; and I must say I am a little struck
by the disposition shown to press the matter
right through because it is not accepted with-
out a moment's reflection. I do not say that
it would not be a good thing to arrange to take
the vote some time to-morrow on this resolu-
tion ; but I put it to Senators of the majority
here that they ought not to ask us to-day to
agree on so early an hour as one o'clock to-
morrow, or upon any hour to-morrow; because
if there is to be a sitting out, a strain brought
to bear, it can be done just as well to-morrow
as to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think I am more surprised
at the intervention of the objection by the Sen-
ator from California than he can possibly be
at anything that has taken place in the Senate
this morning. The Senator has had occasion
to know that we have occasionally resorted to
the only previous question we have here, phys-
ical endurance; and the Senator seems determ-
ined to drive us to it again.
Now, coupled along with this suggestion is
what? A proposition that the debate shall
go on ; that there shall be no limitation to it;
tbat Senators who desire to speak shall con-
tinue addressing the Senate; and I do not think,
if we take the practice of the Senate for the
last session, or for the last number of years, it
matters much upon what subject a Senator
speaks, so that he is allowed to talk about
whatever he pleases.
So reasonable a proposition is made, that
we will dispose of this resolution so that the
Judiciary Committee may be acting upon the
subject, and gentlemen who want to speak in-
terpose the objection. I desire to know of the
Senator from California to what other course
can we resort than to that of physical endur-
ance and of sitting here ? I think the Senator
will see the propriety of it and not interpose
an objection. If there were a disposition to
stop the debate at this period I could under-
stand how the Senator might well interpose the
objection; but there is no snch disposition
whatever entertained upon any side of the
Senate. The only object is to give the Judi-
ciary Committee the time to consider, and let
them commence that consideration now, while
the same debate may be continued on another
resolution, although I think this debate has
been rather an abstraction all along on a mere
proposition to refer. I should certainly have
preferred, even if i-t would not have been much
more appropriate, to have had the discussion
on a bill after one shall have been reported;
but that has not been in accordance with the
wish of the Senate. I hope the Senator will
allow this resolution to be voted upon, with
no restriction or limitation upon the debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the Senator from
Ohio, whose resolution this is, has made the
proper suggestion about it. He gives notice
that to-morrow ho will endeavor to bring this
debate to a termination. This is the first time
that a suggestion has been made as to taking
the vote at any particular moment, and because
it is not assented to by everybody in the Cham-
ber at once, there seems to be an argument in
favor of proceeding to force u vote by a sitting
at the present session of the Senate. I must
confess that the surprise which I expressed
awhile ago at thai purpose is not diminished
by anything I have heard. I agree that that
does not in terms cut oil' debate upon the gen-
eral subject; yet I see a great deal of difficulty
in continuing a debate on the general merits,
so far as they arise under the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio, upou a ieso)ution to
appoint a committee of investigation, because
when you pass the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio you have determined that you do
not want investigation ; that you know all that
is necessary to enable you to act. 1, for one,
should feel myself in rather an awkward, not
to say a false, position if 1 were to undertake
to argue or to discuss the general merits of tho
question upon the resolution for a joint com-
mittee of investigation, after the Senate had
adopted the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio. That is the point.
Mr. CONKLING. Why?
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from New
York had favored mo with his attention a
moment ago he would have understood the
grounds which are in my mind, and which I
thou undertook to assign. They may not con-
vince him, but they do convince me.
Mr. CONlvLING. I have given the Sen-
ator my attention not one moment ouly, but
every moment while he has been speaking.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will repeat the grounds
to the Senator from New York. I say that tho
adoption of the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio is au affirmation by the Senate of its alle-
gations, is an affirmation by the Senate of the
necessity of legislation, assuming the truth of
his allegations. It is an affirmation by the
Senate of the uselessness of further inquiry,
and hence is an affirmation by the Senate of
the futility of raising a committee of inquiry.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to tell him why I do not agree with him?
It is a resolution the operative words of which
are only assuming to commit to the Judiciary
Committee the duty of reporting a bill touch-
ing this subject; that is all. I know that the
resolution contains a recital of various things.
Ordinarily it would be in the form of a pre-
amble. There the Senator is right; but, after
all, it is only a resolution of reference ; a res-
olution, as it would be called in the House, of
instruction to a committee to report a meas-
ure on this subject. It is not in itself legisla-
tive in one sense; it is a mere preliminary
resolution. The Senator says it assumes all
we need to know on this subject. Not at all.
It assumes that we know only so much as to
warrant the body in committing to one of its
committees the duty of reporting a measure in
regard to it; that is all.
Now, I ask the Senator why any debate
applicable to this resolution is not equally ger-
mane and equally practical, too, as addressed
to a resolution raising a joint committee of the
two Houses to go on and take a future and
more enlarged notice of the whole subject? I
confess I do not see any reason, jdthougfi, I
repeat, I have listened to all that the Senator
