1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Buckley.
Ho. of Reps.
attendance and kind eare of their old masters! In
this picture there was much truth. The poor negroes
were driven about in the manner described during
the war, thousands of them perishing, and were left
to their own resources at the end of it, without means
to provide habitations or clothing, steeped in ignor-
ance, as it had been a penal offense to teach them
to read, and of course destitute of medical attend-
ance. No doubt, too, many children have died.
Yet look at the result! As regards industry, we are
counting up a crop of 3,750,000 to 4,000,000 bales,
equal to the average of the lastfour years before the
war_! And as to population, we submit the following
preliminary census return from Washington which
has reached us this week. It is incomplete as re-
gards South Carolina and many counties in the other
States, but enough is given to disappoint those who
have hoped, and eheer those who have feared that
in the rough competition which meets him, placed
as he is among the sturdy Anglo-Americans, and
treated as a pariah and outcast, the poor negro
would soon go to the wall:
States.
Cotton States:
Alabama 
Arkansas 
Florida  
Georgia   
Louisiana 
Mississippi   
South Carolina 
Texas 
Total 
Partly cotton States:
North Carolina 
Tennessee   
Total 
Other southern States:
Kentucky  
Missouri 
Virginia 
West Virginia- ...J. 
Total 
Number
of
counties.
22
63
27
57
9
11
19
65
74
79
90
39
1860.
Colored,
slaves
and free.
212,000
108,000
51,000
200,000
73,000
89,000
25.000
758,000
253.000
180,000
442,000
173,000
81,000
328,000
13,000
598,000
1870,
Colored,
free.
222,000
120,000
77,000
223,000
60.000
9,000
32,000
824,000
258,000
198,000
456,000
161,000
83,000
304,000
11,000
564,000
Increase.
10,000
12,000
• 20,000
23,000
1,000
7.000
79,000
5,000
9,000
14,000
4,000
4,000
Decrease.
13,000
13,000
12,000
24,000
2,000
38,000
"It will be observed that in the purely cotton
States there is an increase of 66,000, or eight and
three fourths per cent.: in the partially cotton States
of North Carolina and Tennessee, an increase of
14,000, or three and one fourth per <y?nt.; and in the
non-cotton States, a decrease of 34,uD0, or five and
three fourths per cent. The complete roturns will,
we doubt not, show more remarkable results even in
population, and still more satisfactory ones in re-
gard to the education of the young and the moral
and social advance of the race."
The natural laws governing the material
interests of the South prohibit antagonism.
Nothing of this kind can exist without entail-
ing great pecuniary loss upon communities
where it prevails. For there will be refusal ctf
labor and a decay of property to the employer;
industry will be paralyzed ; distress and pov-
erty will be universal.
Not, then, in Republican misrule, not in an-
tagonism of race, must we look for the origin
of Kukluxism. It originates in a fiendish
conspiracy to deprive the colored race of the
ballot. It seeks to strike down your recon-
struction laws and reduce the newly_ enfran-
chised race to a non-voting population. In
this attempt to trample in the dust your laws
fraud and violence are to be made to play an
important part. They are to hover over the
cradle of the proposed new form of govern-
ment. Every effort on the part of the Demo-
cratic party of the South to get control of the
colored vote by justifiable means has heretofore
most signally failed. In this second attempt
to subordinate the colored people to the white
force is to be used, as in that former rebellion
force was used t® keep the same race in bond-
age to the whites. It is this political senti-
ment which makes the existence of Kuklax-
ism possible, it is this that upholds it. Noth-
ing else is strong enough to sustain it for an
hour. Let the Democratic party boldly declare
that it will not sustain or protect those who
attempt to influence votes by any other than
fair and justifiable means, and the Ku Klux
Klan would disband at once, and the peace
and prosperity of the country would no more
be disturbed by these raiders and midnight
marauders.
Sir, the Democratic papers of the South are
almost a unit in asserting that it is in the power
of the southern Democracy to demonstrate that
the reconstruction of the southern States has
been a series of violations of the Constitution,
and must therefore be declared null and void
as a part of the national Democratic platform
of 1872. To secure the insertion of that dec-
laration in their platform the political leaders
of the South will pledge themselves to carry
the southern States, and in order to redeem
their pledge they must shelter and use the
Ku Klux organization. Here we find the true
causes of our trouble. To secure this end
lawlessness is tolerated. For this reason Re-
publicans only are the victims of these fearful
outrages. Thus one by one is the Republican
party stripped of its leaders that the rank and
file may fail an easy prey to those who aim to
overthrow your Constitution and trample upon
your laws.
Although these outrages and crimes of which
we complain are committed at the South, the
southern people are not wholly responsible
for them. In every act of resistance to the
national Government made by the southern
people, from the days of secession to the pres-
ent hour of Kukluxism, they have been en-
couraged by the northern Democracy. It was
so in the mad hours'of secession. They were
told that " the fighting will not be along Ma-
son and Dixon's line merely." "It will be,"
says Ex-President Pierce to Jefferson Davis,
" within our osvn borders, in our own streets."
I give the letter of Ex-President Franklin
Pierce to Jefferson Davis, of January 6, 1860,
found in Davis's Mississippi home when taken
by our troops, as I find it on page 391 of Mc-
Pherson's History of the Rebellion:
Clarendon Hotel, January 6,1860.
My Dear Fkiend : I wrote you an unsatisfactory
note a day or two since. I have just bad a pleasant
interview with Mr. Shepley. whose courage and
fidelity are equal to his learning and talents. He
says he would rather light the battle with you as the
standard-bearer in 1860 than under the auspices of
any other leader. The feeling and judgment of Mr.
Shepley in this relation is, 1 am confident, rapidly
gaining ground in New England. Our people are
looking for "the coming man," one who is raised by
all the elements of his character above the atmos-
phere ordinarily breathed by politicians, a man
really fitted for this exigency by his ability, courage,
broad statesmanship, and patriotism.
Colonel Seymour (Thomas H.) arrived here this
morning and expressed his views in this relation in
almost the identical language used by Mr. Shepley.
It is true that in the presentstate of things at Wash-
ington and throughout the country no man can pre-
dict what changes two or three months may bring
forth.
Let me suggest that in tho running debates in
Congress full justice seems to me not to have been
done to the Democracy of the North. I do not be-
hevethat our friends at the South have any just
idea of tho state of feeling, hurrying at this m«-
ment to the pitch of intense exasperation, between j
those who respect their political obligations and
those who have apparently no impelling power but
that which fanatical passion on tho subject of de-
mestic slavery imparts. Without discussing the
question of right, of abstract power to secede, I
have never believed that actual disruption of the
Union can occur without blood: and if through the
m adness of northern abolitionism that dire calamity
must come, the fighting will not be along Mason
and Dixon's line merely. It (will) be within our
own borders, in our own streets, between the two
classes of citizens to whom I have referred.
Those who defy law and scout constitutional obli-
gations will, if we ever reach the arbitrament of
arms, find occupation enough at home. Nothing
but the state of Mrs. Pierce's health would induce
me to leave the country now, although it is quite
likely my presence at home would be of little ser-
vice. I have tried to impress upon onr people, espe-
cially in New Hampshire and Connecticut, where
the only elections are to take place during the
coming spring, that while our Union meetings are
all in the right direction and well enough for tho
present, they will not bo worth rhe paper their res-
olutions are written upon unless we can overthrow
political abolitionism at the polls, and repeal the
unconstitutional and obnoxious laws which, in the
cause of "personal liberty," have been placed upon
our statute-books. I shall look with deep interest,
and not without hope, for a decided change in this
relation.
Ever and truly, your friend,
FRANKLIN PIERCK.
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Waxhinvton, D. G.
Thus encouraged to believe that secession
could be peacefully accomplished, or at least
without bloodshed south of the Ohio and the
Potomac, the secessionists so increased their
numbers and strengthened their cause that
they were enabled to pass ordinances of seces-
sion in the southern States, only to find at last
that every acre of their soil had been trampled
beneath the victorious heel of a conquering
army. And in all this mighty struggle of years
we witness but one attempt on the part of the
northern Democracy to redeem the pledge
made their rebel brethren of the South, and
that was by '"'fighting in our own streets" in
the Democratic city of New York in the riot
of 1863.
Again, sir, how was it after the war closed?
What encouraged the South to prolong un-
natural and consuming strife? It is, Mr.
Speaker, one of the plainest facts of history
that if armed revolt be suppressed, submission
is usually followed by acquiescence. That
suppression was complete six years ago. And
no remark was more common throughout the
South amoi*? the confederate soldiers than
that when they surrendered they laid down
their arms in good faith. Whence, then,
comes this new outburst of violence and oppo-
sition to the national will? Here again the
Democrats of the North encourage the fatal
strife. When the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution was submitted to the
General Assembly of Alabama, in 1866, for
ratification, it was rejected upon assurances
from Andrew Johnson and other Democratic
leaders that if the General Assembly rejected
the amendment the South would get^ better
terms. Here again was the South deceived by
her northern allies.
But. still later, when the South was coming
to look upon eolored suffrage as^ an accom-
plished fact, and were about willing to let it
have a fair trial and judge it by its fruits, out
comes the Brodhead letter from a prominent
leader of the national Democratic party and
rekindles the expiring hope of getting better
terms by overthrowing our local State govern-
ment and declaring laws of Congress null and
void. These are the deceptive words of that
letter:
"There is but one way to restore the Government
and tho Constitution, ar.d that is for the Piesident-
elect to dclare theso aets null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South,disperse
tho earpet-bag State governments, aliow the white
