434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
has said. If I could see any good reason why
any Senator on either side of the Chamber
who wishes to express his views on this sub-
ject might not do it as well upon the reso-
lution raising a committee as upon the reso-
lution referring the subject to a standing
committee, I should certainly be glad to vote
in the direction of courtesy or convenience ;
but I was unable, as my honorable friend from
Maine said he was, to see how it answers the
convenience of anybody to postpone still longer
the commencement by the Judiciary Committee
of the consideration of this subject.
Under the rule, as it stands now, they have
no right to consider or do anything about it.
Of course, every individual who is a member
of the Committee may, for purposes of his
own and in his own mind, suggest and determ-
ine a proper consideration of it; but the com-
mittee itself, in its report to the Senate and
in its communication with the Senate, really
has no right to do anything at all in regard to
this matter until after the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio shall pass. Therefore, I
submit to my honorable friend from California
that not only should he not so act as to drive
us to the application of what has been denom-
inated as the previous question which wehave
here, but in every view which he takes of the
case he ought to concur with us in that action
which will at the earliest day commit to the
Judiciary Committee the jurisdiction of this
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice again, after
consulting some of my political friends who
constitute the majority in this body, and after
the latitude of debate which has been already
had on this subject for a long time, that the
inclination is to sit this matter out, but to allow
the minority to fix any hour to-morrow when
a vote can be taken. Unless that is yielded,
we shall have to sit here until the resolution
is disposed of. That seems to be the feeling.
But if the minority now or at any time during
this afternoon will fix an hour to morrow when
by common consent we can take the vote on
the pending resolution, then, as a matter of
course, we will adjourn at the ordinary time
to-day and take the vote to-morrow. I hope
they will do that. This is a short session, and
we ought not to weary ourselves unnecessai-ily.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should not have any
very great objection to naming three o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Why do yon not, name it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Name your own hour.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to do that.
I do not hesitate, when I think I ought to do
it, to reserve my assent to anything that requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will name three o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not name that as
my hour any more than that of any other gen-
tleman who may wish to speak on this sub-
ject. I do not wish to discuss the resolution
myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will name three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent that at three
o'clock to-morrow the Senate proceed to vote
on the pending resolution and amendments
that may be offered thereto. The debate will
be closed at three o'clock. It is not an order
of the Senate, but a unanimous agreement of
Senators. Is there objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 suppose an amendment
which is to_be debated may be offered before
the hour of three o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
Chair hears no objection to the understanding
proposed. There is no objection. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana will proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, it would have
better suited my inclination, and have been
more in accord with my position as a newly-
seated member of this body, had I been allowed
to refrain from participating in the debate upon
the resolution of the Senator from Ohio. But
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blato,] in
his zeal for the cause he so warmly advocates,
has seen proper, in his general running fire
against the reconstruction governments of the
southern States, to make such unwarrantable
charges against the State I have the honor in
part to represent, and against its Republican
administration, that I am constrained to call
attention to his misstatements and to question
the reliability of the authority upon which they
are based.
It is not worth my while to show that, if
carpet-bagism, as he calls it, has brought un-
measured woe upon the southern people, the
gentleman essayed to participate in that sin, and
urged his fellow-soldiers of the seventeenth
Army corps, whom he so gallantly led against
the great conspiracy of rebellion, to do like-
wise. That has already been done by the late
Senator from Alabama who spoke from the very
seat I now occupy, and I will content myself
and only trespass upon the attention of the
Senate with a reply to his indictment against
the Republican administration of Louisiana,
leaving other Senators to answer for their own
States, as they most assuredly can. I do this,
not because there is more than ordinary in-
terest attaching to this particular charge, but
because it has been made use of in a compre-
hensive, and, I must say, blundering mosaic
of invective against, and arraignment of, the
success of the reconstruction measures through-
out the South.
I regret that I have not the advantage of a
copy of the Senator's remarks. I am com-
pelled to trust to my memory of his allega-
tions for a reply. It is no wonder that among
his generally baseless charges against the Re-
publican governments and the Republicans
of the South he should single out Louisiana
and her chief Executive for his special vitup-
eration and abuse. Louisiana to-day, by her
redemption, under Republican rule, from an-
archy, bloodshed, and riot, presents an unim-
peachable refutation of the charge so commonly
made by the Democratic party that reconstruc-
tion is a failure; and the Governor, to whose
wise sagacity, firmness, and pluck much of
this success is due is no mean foe in the ranks
of the Opposition to that party who are look-
ing to the South for a restoration to power
which the North has so pointedly denied them.
Louisiana stands charged by the Senator, first,
with the sin of carpet-bagism; second, with an
odious election law coupled with fraud in a late
election; third, with a reckless increase of debt
to the amount of $40,000,000; and fourth,
with a venal Executive, who has enriched
himself by public plunder, and who signs no
bills except for a consideration.
Mr. President, the changes which have been
rung upon the term "carpet-bagism" have
aboutexhausteddescription. WeoftheSouth,
to whom it is generally applied, accept it in
all that pertains to it of boldness, enterprise,
and right, and repudiate all the opprobium and
ignominy which our opponents assign to it.
In that sense in which we adopt it ancient
history is replete with examples of unmeas-
ured good flowing from the march of civiliza-
tion from the East; and our own continent
presents to the world the brilliant results eman-
ating from men who in their day were classed
as adventurers. Columbus, Cortez, Pizarro,
the bold Pilgrims of the Mayflower, the sturdy
Knickerbockers of New Amsterdam, the more
refined colonists of Maryland and Virginia, and
last (and the honorable gentleman will pardon
me if in such connection I class him as least)
the Senator from Missouri, afford striking illus-
trations of the good flowing from the elforts of
those who have borne westward the banner
of civilization and Christianity. These have
not been without their misdeeds; but the ver-
dict of history stands recorded that the great
Republic ig the offspring of carpet-bagism.
We claim the privilege of migrating wherever
our flag floats ; we claim to enjoy everywhere
in our land the immunities guarantied to us by
the Constitution; ay, and we claim, too, that
the national Government shall protect us in the
enjoyment of life, liberty, freedom of speech,
and of opinion when local authorities are either
impotent to afford protection or hostile to the
exercise of our inherent rights.
Whatever of good there is in carpet-bagism
we maintain; whatever of evil springs from it
we are held responsible for at the bar of public
opinion, from which, sooner or later, will be
rendered a righteous verdict.
After the storm of intolerance of political
opinion had swept the State of Louisiana, in
1868, deluging that fair land with the blood of
over a thousand political martyrs, her Legisla-
ture saw fit to enact a law that would in the
future protect her citizens from like outrages.
This law owes the stringency of its provisions
mainly to the fact that the rights of franchise
were denied to a large class of our people
through violence and fraud. Under it our last
election was conducted in an orderly and a
peaceful manner, and the fact that such elec-
tion was held without the necessity of the use
of any military force is a triumphant vindica-
tion of its wisdom and justice. Not one single
bayonet, either State or Federal, glinted upon
the field of political strife on the day we last
met the combined host of the enemy, retrieved
our State from a Democratic majority of forty-
seven thousand in 1868, and achieved a victory
of twenty-five thousand majority for the cause
of Republicanism.
Well may such a result shock the equanim-
ity of the honorable gentleman, and drive him
to the common resort of his party when de-
feated, the charge of fraud. Ah I it will not
do to admit that reconstruction has worked
out its salvation in Louisiana, as with that
shining example, like results may follow in
other States, and the stock in trade of the
Democratic party in the next presidential cam-
paign will have been too greatly damaged to be
regarded with unconcern.
The registration officers in New Orleans are
charged with striking from the list of voters
some twenty-three hundred names just prior
to the election. How stands the fact? The
registration closed October 28; the law pro-
vides for a supervision of the registry lists and
an examination of their accuracy. This ex-
amination was instituted, with the result of a
publication, on the 4th of November, of some
six hundred names whom the supervising offi-
cers had failed to find as residing at their
alleged places of residence. The number was
perhaps increased by the fact that many per-
sons move their residences in New Orleans
on the 1st of November. But the publication
announced that, upon cause being shown to
the supervisors of election, the names of legiti-
mate voters would be restored to the poll-lists.
Such cause was shown in a majority of cases,
and upon the day of election in a vote of over
thirty thousand, perhaps less than two hun-
dred persons were excluded for fraudulent
registration.
Cinder the act of Congress of July 14, 1870,
Democratic commissioners of election were
appointed by the United States circuit judge
at all the precincts. They were present at all
the polling places, to prevent fraud, and it is
presumed that they discharged their duty faith-
fully.
When the polls were closed the ballot-boxes
were all carried to the State house, and by
nine o'clock that evening all of them, though
many were brought several miles, were col-
lected in the hall of the house of representa-
tives, and free access having been accorded to
a suitable number of persons from each party,
including the Democratic commissioners, the
count commenced. With one hundred and
twenty-six candidates voted for in the parish
of Orleans, this count was necessarily slow and
tedious, and was prolonged several days ; but
