1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
42D CONG. ... 1ST Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Snyder.
Ho. of Reps.
The sign of recognition of the White Brotherhood
was by sliding the right hand down along the oppo-
site lappel of the coat. If the party to whom the
sign was made was a member of the organization he
returned it by sliding the left hand in the same man-
ner down along the opposite lappel of the coat. The
word of distress was " Shiloh." There was a sign of
distress to be made when a brother was in distress
and wanted assistance. I do not remember the
sign; it was some sign made by the hand. Bat if
the person was so situated that the sign made by the
hand could not be seen, then the word "Shiloh"
was used to denote distress.
Question. Does that statement complete the de-
scription of the mode of procedure?
Answer. The manner ot making a raid was pre-
scribed as I have already stated ; that no execu-
tion should be done, and no punishment inflicted
upon any person, until it had been duly voted upon,
unanimously agreed to, and approved by the officers.
When a raid was ordered the plan of operation was
this: if the person ordered to be punished lived in
our vicinity, the persons to execute the punish-
ment came from a distant camp, in order the better
to avoid detection. But one person was allowed to
speak upon a raid; the person who could best dis-
guise his voice was the person selected to give the
necessary orders and commands.
Question. Were you present at any deliberations
upon the propriety of raiding against or punishing
anyone?
Answer. No, sir; I never was at but on© meeting
of the organization in my life.
Question. But one?
Answer. I attended but one meeting after I was
initiated; and nothing was done at that meeting but
the initiation of members.
Question. Upon the oath administered, the mode
of procedure prescribed, and the government of the
organization, so far as you have observed, are the
members bound to carry out the decrees of the order,
if they involve murder and assassination?
Answer. I think so, sir. If it was decided to take
the life of a man, a camp is ordered to execute the
sentence, and is bound to do it.
Question. If any arrests should be made by the
civil authorities for murders or other crimes com-
mitted in pursuance of the decrees of a camp, to
what extent did the obligations of members bind
them to assist and protect each other?
Answer. To whatever extent was in their power.
Question. Did it go to the extent of giving testi-
mony in behalf of each other, or of acquitting if
upon a jury?
Answer. I think that was one of the objects and
intentions of the organization, that a person on the
witness-stand or in the jury-box should disregard
the oath in order to protect a member of the organ-
ization.
Question. Do you know of any instances of wrong
or outrage perpetrated upon persons in pursuance
of the decrees or orders of this organization ?
Answer. I do not know of any decrees or decisions
they made. I know of punishments that were in-
flicted by the organization.
Question. State any of them that you now remem-
ber.
Answer. The most serious instance m my county, I
believe, was the hanging of a negro man by the name
of Outlaw, who was taken from his house, in the town
where I live, about one o'clock at night, by a band
of from eighty to a hundred men, and hung upon an
elm tree, not very far trom the court-house door.
QuestionWhen was that?
Answer. On the night of the 26th of last February.
Question. What was the offense charged against
him?
Answer. I never heard of any.
Question. What is your knowledge of the object
ana extent of this organization! throughout the
State?
Answer. I can only state from hearsay—what I
have heard from members of the organization. The
number of the members of the organization is sup-
posed to be forty thousand. Their object was the
overthrow of the reconstruction policy of Congress
and the disfranchisement of the negro. There are
two other organizations besides that of the White
Brotherhood, as I said before. I was a full member
of one of them, and partly a member in the other.
I cannot say that I considered myself really a mem-
ber of the other. One organization was called the
Invisible Empire. There is another organization
which rather superseded the White Brotherhood in
my county, after it had gone on for some time, and
was called the Constitutional Union Guards, whose
oaths and manner of operation were about the same.
There was very little difference; some change in the
signs. The sign of recognition was by crossing the
hand on the breast. * * * * * *
Qvestion. Having stated in general terms the
objects of this organization to be the overthrow of
the reconstruction policy and the disfranchisement
of the negro, state now by what means these objects
were proposed to be accomplished.
Answer. Well, I think the contemplation was
almost any means that were necessary to secure the
supremacy of the party opposed to the recent amend-
ments to the Constitution; if it was necessary to
whip a man to break down his influence against us,
they would doit; if necessary to kill him, they would
do that.
Question. What extent of means was to be used to
influence elections ?
Answer. We ean only judge of that by the manner
in which the organization has operated to influence
elections, by riding around in the night-time dis-
guised to the houses of poor white men and negroes,
and informing them that if they went to the election
such and such would be their fate—proceedings of
that kind; and by whipping and at the same time
informing them that, a part, at least, of their offense
was having voted the Republican ticket.
Question. State whether instances of violence of
that character were frequent in the State, and what
the effect has been upon the voters.
Answer. The instances have been very common. I
think, in a great many instances, some alleged crime
was used in connection with the political views of
the matter. In a great many instances, where negroes
were whipped, they were accused, sometimes ot in-
sults to white ladies, and sometimes of petty larceny,
and things of that kind. The organization, assumed
sometimes the nature of regulators as well as of
political affairs.
Question. Do you mean that they were actually
guilty of crime, and that was made a pretext, or
that they were accused, whether guilty or not?
Answer. They never waited to ascertain by any
competent evidence whether a person was guilty.
An allegation brought up in the meeting was suffi-
cient to pass sentence. I can only state as to the
fact in my own county. I think it has had the effect
there to intimidate a number of negroes into voting
the Democratic ticket, aud also preventing a num-
ber from voting at all, and some white people. The
Conservative ticket we call it there. * * *
Question. In speaking about the punishing of men
on these raids in the first part of your testimony,
what do you mean?
Answer. Whatever punishment was passed upon
in camp.
Question. For what were they punished ?
Answer. I do not know; just whatever they saw
proper. If they thought tne man ought to be killed
for being too prominent in politics they would have
a meeting and pass sentence upon him. * * *
Question. Were other punishments inflicted in
your county besides this?
Answer, Yes, sir. In consequence of Outlaw's
murder a negro by the name of William Puryear, a
half-simple fellow, who, it is said, saw some of his
neighbors returning in disguise from Graham the
night that Outlaw was hung, waa drowned in the
mill-pond.
Question. Were there any whippings in the county?
Answer. Yes, sir. I believe there were one hun-
dred or one hundred and fifty in the last two years
in the county, white and black. Some have been
whipped two or three times.
Question. Before there was any provocation, what
was the general character of the colored people in
regard to violence; were they peaceable ?
Answer. Yes, sir; as a class. I think they are a
very peaceably-disposed class of people.
Question. Was the order made use of to advance
the cause of the Democratic party?
Answer. Oh, yes; undoubtedly-
Question. Do you know who is therecognizedleader
and head of it in the State of North Carolina ?
Answer. I do not. President Johnson was said to
have been the leader in the United States: that was
the information given to the members when they
came in.
Question. Do you not know whether that was true ?
Answer. No, sir; only it was so stated.
Question. Was there any understanding that the
organization in the county was connected with the
State organization?
Answer. Oh, yes, sir; that was understood, that it
was connected not only throughout the State, but
throughout the United States.
Question. And ran down to a precinct ?
Answer. Yes,sir; to a camp under command of a
captain.
Question. How long were you a member of the
organization in good standing?
Answer. Well, sir, I suppose my standing was
good up to the time I was arrested by Colonel Kirk ;
still my friends in prosecuting my claim forthe nom-
ination as a candidate for the house of represent-
atives of North Carolina met with some opposi-
tion among the rampant spirits of the Ku Klux on
account of what they called my disaffection to the
organization. They said I had rather taken a posi-
tion against it within the organization; but my
standing, I suppose, could be considered good up to
that time.
Question. Were those outrages, whippings, &c.,
more frequent after the organization started in >our
county?
Answer. We never had any before.
Question. It was peaceable before the organization
of the Klan ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir. * * * * "* *
Question. It would be difficult to make up a jury
in the ordinary way without having some of them
on it?
Answer. Yes, sir; especially when the sheriff and
all his deputies were members.
I have drawn somewhat extensively upon
the testimony of Mr. Boyd, for two reasons ;
first, it establishes every charge alleged in the
premises; and, in the next place, Mr. Boyd
is neither a "nigger," a "carpet bagger," nor
a "scalawag," but, on the contrary, was both
to the manner and manor born; a native of
North Carolina, a Conservative in polities, an
ex-member of the " Klan," a lawyer by pro-
fession, and exhibits undoubted origin from
the "decency and respectability" of his State,
which should make his testimony all prevailing
with our brethren on the other side of this
Hall.
The following is an extract from the testi-
mony of Judge Settle, one of the supreme
judges of North Carolina:
Question. What is the expression of public senti-
ment with reference to these outrages. ? Is there
any division; and if so, how is the sentiment
divided?
Answer. Well, sir, a great many of all parties
condemn the outrages; but, strange to say, a great
many of our best people seem to think that it is
right. They say if it was not for the Ku Klux
they could not have anything in tueir corn-cribs or
smoke-houses and that the Ku Klux are their only
protection. I have heard some of the first ladies in
the State using those expressions^ A great many
say they thank God that the Ku Klux are there, or
use such expressions as that.
Question. Is it your belief that the organizations
are encouraged by the idea that they have the pup-
port of either of the political parties, as a party ?
Ansioer. Well, sir, I cannot doubt the fact that all
the members of it that we know or have ever heard
of belong to one party. I should dislike verj much
to believe that all of the same party were members
of it, or even approved of it; in fact, I know they
do not. I believe the most efficient aid I had m
Rockingham county, in stopping this thing eighteen
months ago, came trom a Democrat. I think the
speech of Governor lieid, who is an ex-Senator of
the United States, had more to do with stopping it
than anything I did.
By Mr. Bayard:
Question. Was he a Democrat?
Answer. Yes,sir; a leading Democrat of the State.
He denounced the movement, and tcld them they
would put every man's lite and property at the
mercy ot the mob if persisted in. But he is an
exception.
Question. What has been the effect on the public
mind, with reterence to the security of person and
property, of these outrages, and the difficulty in the
way of punishment?
Answer. Well, sir, I suppose any candid man in
North Carolina would tell you it is impossible lor
the civil authorities, however vigilant they may be,
to punish those who perpetrate these outrages. The
delect lies not so much with the courts as with the
juries. You cannot get a conviction; you cannot
get a bill found by the grand jury, or if you do, the
petit jury acquits r he parties. In wf official capacity
I sit with Judge Pearson and Judge Dick. Judge
Pearson issued a bench warrant last summer for
some parties, and had them brought before him at
Raleigh. He requested Judge Dick and myself to
meet him. We did so, and the trial extended over
three weeks, and there it camc to our knowledge
that it was the duty and obligation of members of
this secret organization to put themselves in the
way to be summoned as jurors, to acquit the accused,
or to have themselves summoned as witnesses to
prove an alibi. This they swore to; and such is the
general impression. Of course it must be so, lor
there has not been a single instance of conviction in
the State.
Question. Upon investigations made before you m
your official capacity, have you any doubt that a
state of things exists requiring men to shield them-
selves in the way you have mentioned ?
Answer. None whatever. I am satisfied, from their
own declarations and from the effcct visible in all tho
courts, that it. is so.
Question. Where they are charged with offenses, is
there any probability ot securing justice against
them in counties where the organization exists
at all? ,
Ansioer. Well, sir, my belief is that the organiza-
tion extends to every county in the State. I am
satisfied that the organization is a very extensive
one. Judge Reade informed mc the other day, in
Raleigh, that a party went to several cabins on one
of the plantations in Pearson county and shot one
negro dead, and also shot two others, who recovered,
and whipped several others. The two who recov-
ered were badly shot. The men who did these things
said that heretofore they had only whipped, but that
it was going to be ch.m^ed, and for the future they
were going to kiJl. The judge sent for the witnesses,
in fact lor the whole neighborhood, and he told me
that when ho brought them up it was with the great-
est difficulty they could be got to testify, llicy asked
to be let alone; they preferred to submit to the treat-
ment they had received rather than run the risk ot
telling it.
The following extracts, from the testimony
ofvarious persons, fully corroborates that which
has been previously quoted.
JudgeHenry, of the eleventh judicial dis-
trict, North Carolina, says:
I rode the seventh circuit in the fall, known as the
Salisbury circuit, and I heaida great deal of com-
plaint there from the solicitor. The solicitor, Mr.
