486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
borne in mind that the constitution now limits the
debt of the State to $25,000,000, Our present bonded
indebtedness must now preclude us from making
further appropriations as subsidy or other assist-
ance to works of internal improvement. I do not
forget that it is the policy of the State to use all
proper means to assist and protect every enterprise
calculated to increase facilities for production and
transportation. The railroads, canals, and other
public works so fostered will, I doubt not, inure to
the incalculable benefit of the whole people. Still, I
think that we have granted such aid about as far
as we safely can. We must now strive to live within
our income. If we reduce the taxes to the least
amount necessary to conduct the government upon
an economical basis, in a short time the problem
of the payment of the debt will solve itself. "With
peace and prosperity, with untold agricultural and
mineral wealth, with a system of improvements
carefully fostered by the State, our capital will
soon double; and. without increasing the tax, the
bonds can be rapidly retired."
Now comes a paragraph which is, perhaps,
more applicable to the comments made by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton1,] in his
recent remarks upon the efforts of Democrats
in the very State Legislatures of the South to
promote and carry to a successful issue various
schemes of plunder. Here is what the Gov-
ernor says in reference to that style of gen-
tlemen :
"I warn you, gontlemen, against certain schemes
of plunder which are already organized, and will
continue to be organized and presented to you for
yourvotes. These are propositions which, under the
guise of public improvements or of claims against
tho State, are simply plans to rob the treasury and
fill the pockets of unprincipled speculators. Tho
persons who will probably importune you most per-
tinaciously for the most barefaced of these specula-
tions are well-dressed gentlemen, claiming to be the
representatives of the most lespectable of our people.
It is these pleasant gentlemen in broadcloth, with
their gigantic swindles, embracing millions, and not
the poor and needy applicant for somo long-delayed
but petty act of justice, who have most depleted the
public till in the past and will endeavor to do so
again."
The Democratic press of the city of New
Orleans daily publish their reliance and con-
fidence in his protection of the public purse.
By his statesmanship he has evolved order out
of chaos, by his determination he has subdued
the spirit of misrule, by his conciliation and
magnanimity he has disarmed political enmity
of much of its rancor, and by his fidelity to
the high duties of his office he has set a noble
example to the Chief Magistrates of other
States which it would be well for the peace
and welfare of our country should be followed.
He is himself the impersonation of the success
of the reconstruction measures of Congress and
Republican principles when faithfully and ably
administered.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames]
truthfully said that over eight hundred polit-
ical outrages had been perpetrated in Louisiana
in the sixty days preceding the election of
18G8. He could have doubled that number
without exaggeration.
Would that I could blot out from history
the record of the deeds of blood of which her
people have been guilty within a few years
past; but I bear willing testimony that peace
now reigns within her borders, and that per-
secution of political opinion has been in a great
degree modified. Her people have aroused to
the fact that their welfare is best subserved by
devotion to their material interests rather than
by lawless defense of old opinions and preju-
dices. Our chief Executive has, by the exer-
cise of courage and statesmanship, so met the
occasion as to evoke peace, good will, and
prosperity out of lawlessness, prejudice, and
distress, while our people are entitled to every
credit for their submission to the laws and for
their efforts to subdue the passions of the past.
We have extended the mantle of amnesty
over all political offenses, with the result of
greater toleration of opinion and an awakened
interest in the affairs of the Commonwealth
and of the nation. Louisiana needs not such
legislation as is now proposed, but I mistake
her people if they do not cheerfully give it
their assent, and if they shall not court its
application within her limits should future
events render such application necessary. ■>
My remarks, Mr. President, have had very
little reference to the issue that is now before
this body ; but there having been a direct attack
made upon my State with reference to the
administration of its public affairs, with refer-
ence to the conduct of the party in power, and
with particular reference to the character of
the man who has done more than any other
man there to retrieve it from the rule of mis-
fortune and Democracy, I felt it incumbent on
me to make my remarks particularly pertinent
in the way of a reply to these charges.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; but I desire it to be understood that I
do not wish to occupy the floor to-morrow in
this debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Frelinghutsen] desires to occupy the floor;
but he is not at this moment in the Chamber.
Mr. WILSON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts claim the floor?
Mr. WILSON. I understood that the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] desired
specially to take the floor to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont yields for that purpose, the
Chair will recognize the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. I merely made
the motion as a matter of business; not to get
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. POOL. I do not de sire to go on now,
but I wish to submitsome remarks to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from North
Carolina having the floor, I renew my motion.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. PRATT. Before that motion is put, I
wish to have an order entered for the with-
drawal of papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will receive the proposi-
tion.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That J. B. Chipman have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present the petition
of Worcester Willey, a missionary among the
Cherokee Indians, praying compensation for
property taken by United States troops during
the late war; if there be no objection, I should
like to have the petition referred to the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] gave notice this
morning that he would object this day to re-
ceiving any business which was not in order
under the restrictive rule adopted by the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object at any rate. I
promised the Senator from Rhode Island that
I would do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifty-six minutes spent in ex-
ecutive session, the doors were reopened; and
(at four o'clock and thirty-three minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 4, 1871.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Gr. Butler,
D; D. '
The Journal of yesterday was read and
,approved.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 820, 1® enforce'
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes, upon which the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Cobb] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, before I proceed
to discuss the question before the House, I
desire to express my regret at the absence of
my colleague, Mr. Shober; for it has been
my intention to confine my remarks almost
exclusively, by way of reply, to expressions
which fell from him in his speech here last
Saturday. I am sorry he is not present.
Mr. Speaker, it will be readily perceived
that I shall speak under very great disadvan-
tages. Serious and continued ill-health has pre-
vented my attendance upon the sittings of the
House during the past week, and nothing less
than a sense of cluty, " the performance of a
saered filial duty to my mother State," could
have induced me to disregard the remonstrance
of my physician and bring me from my cham-
ber, at the risk of a relapse, to raise my feeble
voice in defense of the State of North Carolina
and her people. I have felt a deep interest in
these proceedings, and whenever my strength
has permitted have read with attention the
remarks delivered for and against the bill
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger.] This deep interest brings
me here this morning.
My Republican colleague, [Mr. Thomas,]
who is a member of the select committee re-
porting the pending bill, is not in the city;
no doubt detained at home either by sickness
in his family or his own illness, else I should
transfer to his able management the conduct
of the argument this morning. But, sir, there
being no other upon this side of the House
from my State to speak for the people of North
Carolina, I accept the responsibility, and ask
the attention of the House to what I have hur-
riedly prepared upon the subject. As one of
the Representatives of North Carolina upon
this floor, I deem it incumbent on me to say
a few words in defense of the people of that
State and in condemnation of the acts of
violence and crime which reckless and lawless
men, banded together, have committed, to the
common disgrace of us all.
The investigation which has recently taken
place was necessary to separate the people from
the lawless bands who commit these crimes and
to place the reproach and dishonor of them
upon the real perpetrators. This was positively
necessary to the vindication of the people of the
Statebefore the country. The people of North
Carolina are law-abiding, indisposed to vio-
lence, and disposed to industry and domestic
tranquillity; but they have been beset by banded
organizations of murderers and assassins who,
in the interest of still rebellious leaders, and I
believe with their sanction and support, have
committed numberless atrocities and crimes at
which humanity is shocked. I rise to call atten-
tion to the fact that these banded assassins do
not number exceeding forty thousand men,
while there are two hundred thousand voters
in the State. I rise to defend one hundred
and sixty thousand freemen against the base
imputations thrown out upon this floor, and
to fix the guilt upon the forty thousand Ku
Klux, who alone, it seems, have found apolo-
gists and defenders here from North Carolina
Representatives.
Every good man in the land must be horrified
at and must condemn the scourging of women
and men, the hanging and assassination of
citizens, and other untold outrages, which the
country now knows have been committed in
thirty, and perhaps more, counties of the State,
and have gone entirely unpunished in the
courts of justice. Sir, I confess my surprise
and pain to see those professing to represent
that good State in this House attempting to
confound its good people with the murderous
bands who have perpetrated these crimes,
and thus cast-reproach and disgrace upon the
whole State. Those who have endeavored
