1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
to take the disgrace from the people and to
place it where it properly belongs have been
denounced as ''parricides" and "slanderers
of the State."
It is strange that the infamous Ku Klux can-
not be exposed and denounced without finding
apologists here, and without exciting anger
and denunciations from those who represent a
certain party on this floor. Is every blow
struck at the Ku Klux a blow struck at the
people of North Carolina? God forbid 1 Why
is the Democracy aroused to defense whenever
a Ku Klux outrage is exposed ? Is it the part
of a parricide to expose and denounce crim-
inals ? Is he not rather the parricide who
would by indirection and insinuation involve
the whole people of his State in dishonor by
the pretense that crimes proved against forty
thousand partisan banditti are charged upon
one hundred and sixty thousand good and inno-
cent people who represent the worth, integrity,
and virtue of the State 1 How far will not
partisan blindness and sectional madness carry
those who thus endanger the reputation and
character of their native State ! Lettheguilt
be fixed where it belongs, and let the country
understand by what appliances and under what
countenance the laws have been set atdefiance,
the peace of the State disturbed, capital and
enterprise kept away, and North Carolina sub-
jected to disgrace, in the vain effort to deny
crimes that are known to all men, or to pal-
liate them by excuses and subterfuges.
Mr. Speaker, I am a native citizen of the
State of North Carolina, and am proud of the
distinction. All the pleasant memories of the
past, all the interests of the present, and all
the hopes and aspirations I have in the future
center there. I feel, sir, and feel deeply, for
the honor of my State, for its interests and its
prosperity. I can yield to no one here or else-
where in attachment to the Old North State. I
leel it to be my imperative duty to direct the
attention of the House to the truth in this whole
matter; and I shall place the responsibility
where it properly belongs.
The Democratic party, at the election in
1868, when every man in the State was enti-
tled to vote, were found to be in a large
minority in tjie State of North Carolina, and
having no hope by fair means to win a majority
of the people to their violent and revolutionary
views and purposes, some of their more reck-
less and unscrupulous leaders encouraged the
organization of desperate and bad men, for the
purpose of intimidating and coercing the hum-
ble and peaceable voters into their designs, into
clubs or klans, in more than one hundred well-
selected localities in the St-ate. They have
carried out their purposes by more than thirty
murders, by more than seven hundred scourg-
ings of women and men, by parading neigh-
borhoods, armed and in disguise ; by threats;
by destroying the peace and security of fami-
lies, and making night fall as the pall of death
upon the humble homes of the poor and
defenseless. They have defied the laws; they
have nullified jury trials by perjury ; they have
broken prisons to release their confederates,
and they have found defenders in their party
leaders and apologists in the Halls of Con-
gress.
Such is the work of men who are proved to
be of the Democratic party, in their eager grasp
after power and their purpose to continue
to disturb the nation, to nullify the national
laws and Constitution, and to deprive a cer-
tain class of American citizens of the free
enjoyment of those rights which have been
conferred upon them by this great Republic.
I might with truth and propriety have said by
the "great Republican party," for I suppose
no one will deny that the Republican party
conferred upon this class of our people the
rights of freemen ; I suppose no one will deny
that the Republican party now maintains and
defends the sanctity of theserights; I suppose
no one will deny that it is to the Republican
party that these citizens must look for protec-
tion in the practical enjoyment and exercise
of their liberty.
But, sir, I was speaking of the Ku Klux
societies. None but Democrats belong or can
belong to these societies. Par be it from me
to assert that every Democrat is a Ku Klux.
I know different. I am proud to say that
among my acquaintances are hundreds of
Democrats who denounce and despise the
organization. But in proof of my assertion
that none but Democrats can be admitted into
the societies or klans 1 read from the oath
administered to candidates as a part of the
initiation :
" And that you are not now a. member of the Bed
String Order, Union League, Heroes of America,
Grand Army of the Republic, or any other organ-
ization whose aim and intention is to destroy the
rights of tho South, or of the States, or of the people,
or to elevate the negro to a political equality with
yourself; and that you are opposed to all sueh prin-
ciples; So help you God." * * * * "And
that you will never assist in initiating, or allow to
be initiated, if you can prevent it, any one belong-
ing to the lied String Order, Union League, Heroes
of America, Grand Army of the Republic, or any
one holding Radical views or opinions."
As I before remarked, there are thousands
ofgood, honest Democrats who disapprove and
condemn these klans ; but, sir, other thousands
who do not belong to their organization excuse
or wink at their crimes, while many of their lead-
ers seek to cloak them by denials or to palliate
them by excuses, accept the questionable hon-
ors thus acquired, and manifest their gratitude
by raising a clamor against all who would ex-
pose or punish them. But, sir, further, every
victim of Ku Klux outrage has been a Repub-
lican. Every apologist of the Ku Klux has
been a Democrat. Who have attempted to
bring the courts into disrepute by slandering
the judiciary? Who have attempted to render
powerless the executive arm by persecution
and malignant abuse? None but Democrats.
To whom do the perpetrators of these, outrages
owe the impunity with which they bane thus
far committed crime but to the Democratic
leaders in North Carolina? Whose fault is it
that the necessity has arisen for the interfer
ence of the national power in that State to
execute the Constitution and laws of the coun
try? And, sir, if severity and hardship shall
attend such interference, they, and they alone,
are responsible to the people who have par-
alyzed the arm of the State authority and
compelled the application of the national
power.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I purpose calling atten-
tion more particularly to some of the state-
ments of my colleague from the sixth district,
[Mr. Shobek.] Before doing so, however,
permit me to say that the extraordinary breach
of privilege and propriety, witnessed last Sat-
urday by those who were present, in an attack
insidiously aimed at proceedings in the Senate,
does not justify me in further reference to it,
or in defense of one who has rendered in that
body most distinguished service to the interests
and character of his people in efforts to expose
assassins and murderers and lift what was
sought to be made a common disgrace from
the heads of innocent people, and to vindicate
their fair name by fixing it where it properly
belongs, uponbanded conspirators,their aiders,
sympathizers, and apologists. Men conscious
of right, and relying upon the virtue and intel-
ligence of an enlightened people, may well dis-
regard insinuations and slanders, and trust to
time and the public sense of justice for their
vindication. It would be condescension in
men of this character to be diverted from their
public duty by any attempt to refute or notice
groundless assertions upon their motives. And
thus, sir, I leave this to the judgment of all
honorable men, whether they have had more
than one month's experience in legislative
decorum or not, and rest the verdict upon that
common sense of honor which forbids striking
the back of an adversary who cannot respond
without a similar breach of the rules of pro-
priety.
I was surprised, in reading the speech of my
colleague [Mr. Shober] in the Globe of Sun-
day's date, to find the following:
"Has a single gentleman on the other side exam-
ined that testimony carefully and without prejudice ?
If so, 1 appeal to him to raise his voice regardless
of 'kingly prerogative' or party dictation, and put
an ond forever to this exciting question. The con-
clusion to be drawn from that investigation is this:
that in one of the largest States territorially in the
Union, and embracing eighty-seven counties, no
Ku Klux outrage is proven to have been committed,
except in six or eight of these counties, and these
not recently, but twelve or eighteen months ago:
that this organization was the result of a secret
combination on the part of the blacks, as a race,
against the whites, upon whom they were depend-
ent for employment and sustenance; and that the
organization of the League in North Carolina was
the first step toward these disorders.'1
But, sir, to add emphasis to the declaration,
and to demonstrate that he spoke advisedly,
my colleague repeats the assertion in the next
following paragraph, as follows;
"Sir, as acitizen of that State, and deeply interested
in her welfare. I have been aelose observer of events
there, and I bespeak for my statements upon this
subject a candid consideration. My conviction is,
and the evidence confirms it. that the troubles in
these six or eight counties ill North Carolinadid not
grow out of hostility to negro suffrage, the recon-
struction acts, or to tho national Uovernment. The
true solution of their cause is to be found in a sup-
posed necessity, in the inmdsofsome, that organiza-
tion was necessary for tho protection of life and
property, which were menaced by a hostile organ-
ization, and which were not adequately protected by
a weak and corrupt State government. This is the
key to tho whole mystery."
My colleague bespeaks for his "statements
a candid consideration." I question if he
should not have examined the evidence before
attempting to state it. Now, sir, as he has
called attention to this Senate report, I shall
use it to refute the statement that disorders
exist in only six or eight of the eighty-seven
counties of North Carolina, and I bespeak
for my statements upon this subject a candid
consideration." Hear the evidence. The re-
port of the Senate committee, to which my
colleague refers, gives cases of outrage by
name in fifteen counties of the State, estab-
lished by the testimony before the committee,
specifically referred to, naming victims and
outrages, and then refers generally to out-
rages having been perpetrated in thirteen other
counties of the State. In these latter the names
of the victims are not given. I refer my col-
league to pages 19, 20, and 21 of the report. I
do not propose to generalize in my statements.
I will give the names of the counties; they
are: Lincoln, Alamance, Catawba, Craven,
Caswell, Chatham, Jones, Orange, Rocking-
ham, Rutherford, Wake, Madison, Yancey,
Cumberland, Cleveland, Moore, Person, Bun-
combe, Surry, Yadkin, Davie, Stokes, Robe-
son, Sampson, Duplin, Lenoir, and Gaston.
Mr. Speaker, the House may judgehow
much of party zeal it requires, with the printed
testimony before him and quoted from by him,
to enable my colleague, while invoking your
"candid consideration," to diminish twenty-
seven counties to the number of only six or
eight. Sir, his Democracy is sounder than
his mathematics. But to particularize further ;
in the one county of Alamance there are re-
ported upon proof before the Senate commit-
tee the following outrages:
Alamance county.
Wyatt Outlaw, colored, hung.
William Furyear, colored. drowned.
Cahwell Holt, colored, whipped and shot.
Murphy Reeves, white, shot.
Hamilton Bren, colored, whipped.
.Joseph Harney, colored, whipped.
Squire Alston, colored, whipped.
William liarniday. white, whipped.
Alonzo B. Corliss, white, whipped.
John lVnu?staff, white, whipped.
Leonard Hippy, white, whipped.
>Sandy Sellers, colored, whipped.
Nathan Trollinger, colored, whipped.
William Simpson, white, whipped.
Anthony Foster, white, whipped. .
Folly (rappins and daughter, white, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
T. Siddell, white, whipped.
Greorge Hippy, colored, whipped.
Andy Shatt'ner, colored, whipped.
Eli Outlaw, colored, whipped.
Lily Alston, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
