438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Arch. Duke, colored, whipped.
Don Worth, colorcd, whipped.
James Cole, colored, whipped.
John Overman, white, whipped.
John Bass, colored, whipped,
John Eoust, colored, whipped.
Amos Eorshea, colored, whipped.
Henry Holt, colored, whipped.
Levi Dickey, colored, whipped.
Alvis Pichard, white, whipped.
Lmie Elmore, white, whipped.
Clay Thompson, colored, whipped.
James Long, colored, whipped.
Bill Long, colored, whipped.
Porter Mabem, colored, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
Monroe 3?reeland, colored, whipped.
Hamilton Puryear, colored, whipped.
Hamey Albright, colored, whipped.
Moses Albright, colored, whipped.
Lindsay Kinnery, colored, whipped.
John Albright, colored, whipped.
Sally Holt and daughter, white, whipped.
John Linins, white, whipped.
Alfred Ilartwell, colored, whipped.
Thomas Foust, colored, whipped.
Matilda Foust, colored, whipped.
Rachel Foust, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Duncan Hazel, colored, whipped.
John White, colored, whipped.
This in a single county, the county of Ala-
mance. There seems to have been 4'organ*
ization" there.
In the county of Lincoln the committee
recite the following outrages:
Lincoln county.
Harriet Quickel, black, whipped and shot.
Sam Ward, wife and daughter, black, whipped.
Rufus Friday and wife. Mack, whipped.
James Falls, black, whipped.
Charles Sumner, black, whipped and robbed of
fifteen dollars.
John Conneiy, black, whipped and shot.
William Magbce, black, robbed in the woods of
all his money,
Reuben Litton, black, whipped and shot.
Jerry Wood, black, whipped and driven from
home; life threatened if he returned.
J. Barringer, black, whipped and driven from
home; life threatened if ho returned.
llufus Bindhardt, black, whipped and shot dan-
gerously.
E. WiH'ong, black, whipped and shot dangerously.
Peter Hoover, black, whipped.
Lawsou Friday, black, whipped and shot.
S. Motz, black, whipped.
John Miller, white, whipped and shot.
Adeline Fisher, white, whipped.
Mary Fisher, white, whipped.
Sally Fisher, white, whipped.
J. McMellen, white, whipped.
Jeff. Ilerndon, black, house robbed of two guns.
This in a single county, the county of Lin-
coln.
In speaking of the origin of the Ku Klux,
my colleague says:
" The true solution of their cause is to be found in
a supposed necessity, in the minds of some, that
organization was necessary for the protection of life
and property, which were menaced by a hostile
organization, and which were not adequately pro-
tected by a weak and corrupt State government."
It seems, sir, that the u supposed necessity"
for "organization" in the county of Lincoln
became a fact; and the poorvictims of the out-
rages which I iiave just read can testify to the
efficiency of the " organization" there.
Mr. Speaker, I will not consume time by
going through the horrid list in all these coun-
ties. The Senate committee say that they had
hardly more than entered upon the task before
them; and they have left unexposed, as yet,
the great bulk of the crimes committed by
these Klans, to insure a Democratic triumph
in North Carolina in the late elections. If
Congress shall order the investigation to pro-
ceed it will be found that the magnitude of the
disorder and violence has not been half told,
and their purposes but vaguely exposed. It
will be found to extend far beyond the limits
of my State, and to embrace all the lately in-
surrectionary States ; to have had its origin
among the leaders of a political party, with a
view of nullifying the practical operation of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
My colleague further asserts that these out-
rages have ceased, and that the Ku Kinx Klans
have disappeared. 1 respectfully call his atten-
tion to the report which he seems to have ex-
amined so carefully and to the evidence before
it. It is shown, sir, by the testimony of nine
witnesses before that committee, that the Ku
Klux does longer "find abiding-place " in the
State of North Carolina. I read from the
report which my colleague calls the attention
of the House to. I refer my colleague to pages
28 and 29 of the report. That the organization
still exists may be gathered from the following
testimony of one of its members, Thomas F.
Willeford, (p. 250,) February 20, 1871:
41 Question. Do you know whether it exists in that
(Cabarras) county ?
" Anstoer. Yes, sir; I believe it does: but I do not
think there has been any crime, or anything done
in some time.
" Question. You think it has been pretty quiet for
the last year and a half?
"Answer. No; about half a year.
" Question. Since the last election?
" Answer. A little while before election."
C. D. Upchurch (p. 107) says, February 7,
1871:
" Question. Do you mean that since the last elec-
tion there have been no outrages of this character?
"Anstoer. Oh, no, sir. I do notsaythat; because
one was committed the other day to my certain
knowledge. A witness that I had against an illicit
distiller gave evidence before a commission in Ra-
leigh. and on his return home he was whipped very
severely. He was a white man of some character. I
do not say it was finally stopped; but it is not so
rampant as it used to be."
Virgil S. Lusk (p. 118) says, February 8,
1871:
"Again, a day or two before I left home, the same
man (Brooks) I have spoken of heretofore came into
my ofliee and said he had been assaulted again by
these parties. He told me they came to his house,
after he and his wife had retired, and called for him.
His wife told them that he was not at home. They
then broke down thedoor, came in, and commenced
abusing and maltreating his wife. He stated to me
that they attempted to rape her. He groped about
in the dark and got hold of an ax and struck one of
them with it. As ho went out of the door he was
struck over the head with a club. He showed me the
scar, reaching from the eye to the hair. When he
got out into the yard he struck another one of them
with the ax. He went to his friends about it, and
they advised him to leave; they said he had killed
two men, and perhaps they would kill him. So he
left an& came to Asheville. They followed him and
inquired for him at another house, but he made his
eseape by flight. This is about all I know of out-
rages committed in my district."
Ethelbert Hubbs (p. 50) says, February 1.
1871:
"In thatcounty, (Lenoir, )a short time ago—about
a month, I think—there was a band of disguised men
wont to the house of a colored man by the name of
Whitfield, callcd him out of his bed, and shot him
in cold blood, and carried away his horse. Then they
proceeded to another house and shot a man and
woman who occupied it, and took away a horse from
that place. One or two of these men, I think, were
recognized by the woman who was shot; and upon
her information Sheriff Hunter arrested them, as I
learned from him before I leift; and he stated that
without doubt they were guilty. On my way here I
learned that they were discharged, as is customary,
on straw bail. I have heard of a great many out-
rages by common report."
George W. Nason (p. 71) says, February 2,
1871:
" Question. You speak of a gin-house and barn
bemg burned in Onslow county; when was that?
"Answer. Week before last; before X started from
home.
" Question. Have you knowledge of the circum-
stances ?
The man who owned them told me since
that ho had abundant reasons to believe that they
were burned by these desperadoes on account of his
being a northern man and a Republican."
Judge Settle (p. 86) says, February 3, 1871:
/'Judge Reado informed mo the other day, in Ral-
eigh, that a party wont to several cabins on one of
the plantations in Pearson county and shot one negro
dead, and also shot two others, who recovered, and
whipped several others. The two who recovered
were badly shot. The men who did these things said
that heretofore they had only whipped, but that it
was going to be changed, and for the future they
were going to kill. The judge sent for the wit-
nesses—in fact, for the wholeneighborhood—and he
told me that when he brought them up it was with
the greatest difficulty they could be got to testify,
lhcy asked to be let alone; they preferred tfO submit
to the treatment they had received rather than run
the risk of telling it.
W. P. Bynum (p. 56) says, February 1.
1871:
" Question. In the appendix to the message of Gov-
ernor liolden I find a letter over your signature,
under date ot May 20,1870. I will read a paragraph :
Ou the whole I am satisfied that, as alaw officer,
lean do nothing through the ordinary channels of
the courts. In my judgment, there are only two
ways of arresting the evil: first, by arousing public
opinion to put it down; or, secondly, by invoking
the aid of United States troops, and making some
sharp and decisive examples/
"That had reference to the wrongs of which you
have spoken, as having been committed by this
organization. Was that the state of things as you
believed it to exist at that time?
*'Answer. Yes, sir; and in connection with that I
will state that since that time, arfti up to about the
1st of January, there have been several other very
serious outrages committed. Two or three colored
persons, to my knowledge, have been shot, and a
great many whippings havetaken place in thecoun-
ties of Cleveland, Lincoln, and Gaston. I will state
in regard to one case that came to my knowledge
only a few days ago. It ibtlieca>ouf a white per-
son of the name of Carpenter. lie stated that he
had employed two negroes to work for him this year;
that they were negroes ot good character, honest and
industrious. Shortly after he had employed them he
was advised by some of his neighbors to send them
off; that they did'not want them in that neighbor-
hood. He declined to send the negroes away, and a
night or two atterward a disguised band came to
his house. They went into his house, ran him off,
broke open his drawers, searched the house from
bottom to top, and when they went away they car-
ried off, he says, eighty dollars in money. They ran
the negroes off, ana alarmed his wife, who was there
alone with four or five children,- and he stated that
since that time his wifohnb been in such a condition
that she has been afraid to live here; that he had
abandoned his house and gone to live in a log cabin
or kitchen, becausc it was a more secure place; and
that he and his family were now sleeping on the
floor, apprehending an attack every night. He also
says that since he has reported that money had been
Stolen from his house they had sent him word that
the Ku Klux do not steal; that he would have to
take that back, or he would be severely dealt with.
He also stated that he voted the Conservative ticket."
Judge Logan (pp. 186, 187) says, February
14 1871:
"In the county of Rutherford, about three weeks
ago, a white woman was whipped. The information
that I had about it was that it was done by men dis-
guised. In the county of Rutherford my opinion is
that a fair trial could be had; that is,if the evidence
wero sufficient to convict any one of any offeree.
These are the only instances that happened in the
county of Rutherford.
44 Question. Were the outrages inflicted by persons
in disguise?
44 Answer. Yes, sir; all of them. The persons that
1 had arrested appeared before me, andthe proof was
that they were disguised." * *• * ':-
4'I left home last .Monday week; I saw different men
on the road, as respectable as any in the State of
North Carolina, men who had heretofore been bold
and fearless about telling to any one what they
believed to be tho case, but who have now become
fearful, and have stopped talking." * 15 *
" Question. Do you refer to their talking about the
organization itself or to the expression of their polit-
ical views?
"Answer. Both; in talking about f ho organization
and the courso that its members pursue: in speaking
of any one belonging to the Ku Klux organization,
for instance, and of their going out and whipping
people, or passing censure on any one connected
with any such order."
A. L. Ramsour -says:
"Michael Petrie they whipped two weeks ago: I
happened providentially to go by his house tho
morning after it happened." * * *
"John Fowler, a young man I was guardian for,
that was ray body guard; they whipped him the
other night.
"Question. The other night?
"Answer. Yes, sir; just about two weeks ago; he
was staying with his grandmother, an old lady sixty
years old, and they frightened her pretty near to
death."
4,Mony Carpenter, a whitefman, was robbed of
eighty dollars the other week by men in disguise."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, I quote for the benefit
of my colleague from the report to which he
has so confidently referred, and demonstrate
that these outrages do still exist in North
Carolina. In this connection I will read an
extract from a letter received by me recently
from a gentleman living in Kaleigb, a man of
education and occupying a responsible posi-
tion in the State government. He says:
"Ilearn to-day that respectable Democratic au-
thority avers that since the impeachment trial of
Governor Holden commenced twenty thousand per-
sons have joined the Ku Klux organizations in this
State. In Cleveland county the klans are active,
attacking colored people, whipping them, and burn-
ing their houses, fjast night, these klans were, I am
informed, operating in Harnett county. Our only
hope is in Congress. Exile or death is the decrec as
to all northern white men in the State who are i«
any way connected with political affairs.
" I understand that the klans boast that they are
now able to cope with any power that can bo brought
against thorn. It is said hero that these organiza-
tions are connected with like associations at tho
North. It is eminently aDemocratic arrangemeut.
It is painful to me, very painlul, to be com-
