1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
42iy Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Snyder.
Ho. of Beps.
Klux in Arkansas by reading a recent mes-
sage of Governor Clayton, bat, with the artful
duplicity and utter insincerity characteristic
of his political life, he very adroitly withheld
!he messages of Governor Clayton of 1868 and
1869, in which he declared that lawlessness,
violence, and murder could not be suppressed
without the use of military force. Perhaps
the gentleman can bring up some old editorial
of the Louisville Courier-Journal, to prove
that there is peace in Kentucky. But why
these outrages in Kentucky? Gentlemen who
have reluctantly admitted their existence in
other States have apologized for them on the
ground that the sensitive nerve of the chivalry
could not endure the *' carpet-bag, scalawag,
nigger" State governments existing there. Ah,
indeed! Has Kentucky a carpet-bag Governor
as did Arkansas, a scalawag as did North Car-
olina, or a hateful nigger on the supreme bench
as did South Carolina?
Poor indeed, gentlemen, are your subter-
fuges and miserable your sophisms. They
prove but a two-edged sword, from which you
receive a far greater number of wounds than
you inflict. It is not "carpet-bag," "scal-
awag," or "nigger" State governments that
inspires your opposition, for these would be as
acceptable to you as any other if you only
controlled them. Many of the constituents
of the members.from New York city are cer-
tainly no more reputable than the "carpet-
bagger," "scalawag," and "nigger" of the
South; and were that constituency to assume
anything more than to vote for and keep in
office the present Democratic members from
New York city, immediately we should hear
the bitterest curses and foulest anathemas
hurled against the whole race of Erin's sons.
The truth is, that the Ku Klux movement
which you are supporting is but a part of the
rebellion, and is founded in your thirst for
power and a deep and damning hatred of the
Government and its free institutions, and not
of "carpet-baggers, scalawags, and niggers."
And I would say that however you may under-
take to explain or apologize for the revolting
crimes of the Klan, the facts are against you,
truth and justice are against you, the civilized
world is against you, and your nefarious designs
must come to grief. Send us a thousand more
carpet-baggers into each county of the south-
ern States, and I will insure that for a genera-
tion at least Congress will not be called upon
to legislate against Ku Klux.
The testimony referred to, Mr. Speaker,
proves all that has been charged, and calls
loudly for the passage of this bill. The story
is one of horror and causes the heart to sicken
at its contemplation. A powerful organization,
numbering forty thousand in North Carolina
alone, exists in most of the southern States.
The organization is thoroughly military in its
character, is bound together by the most ter-
rible oaths, and has for its object the destruc-
tion of Republicanism, the overthrow of the
whole system of reconstruction, and the ulti-
mate possession of the Government. To ac-
complish these ends it resorts to every crime,
from a simple menace up to the foulest mur-
der, and all this in many instances under the
connivance of State authority. Another prom-
inent fact is, that the Klan is wholly composed
of members of the Democratic party.
What, then, is our duty? Has this Govern-
ment a right to protect its citizens in life, lib-
erty, and property against the incursions of
freebooters, outlaws, and assassins, as well as
the oppressions of State authority? This is
what this bill proposes. But we are told by
Democratic members that it is unconstitutional.
Unconstitutional indeed 1 What a wonderful
tenderness they manifest for the Constitution
when it suits their unholy purposes. Ten years
ago it was with them constitutional to destroy
the Constitution, and now it is unconstitutional
to protect the Constitution. Wonderful con-
sistency !
It is truly refreshing, Mr. Speaker, to hear
men defending the Constitution who a few
years ago disclaimed its protection and declared
it a failure ; men who declared the war a fail-
ure and openly sympathized with rebellion ;
men who would pull down and trample under
foot the star-gemmed ensign of American lib-
erty, flung to the breeze by the patriot fathers ;
men for whom the sacred legends of the Rev-
olution and the hallowed traditions of '76 have
no charms ; men who can contemplate Bunker
Hill and Mount Vernon with indifference ; men
for whose ears the mellifluent numbers of the
"Star Spangled Banner" afford no melody,
and whose miserable spirits receive no inspira-
tion as they contemplate the grand temple of
American liberty, lifting heavenward its lofty
dome in majestic grandeur, and from whose
every isle and portal streams the glorious light
of science and civilization, which, like a thou-
sand beacons, is guiding and inviting the be-
nighted and oppressed of all nations into the
ways of knowledge and universal freedom.
But, sir, it seems to me that the very height of
effrontery is reached when we see men pretend-
ing to come to the rescue of the Constitution
who only a decade ago would have made a
bonfire of that grand old instrument, and amid
the glare of its flames displayed the oriflammes
of treason and held midnight orgies over the
corpse of liberty. But, sir, we shall not be
deceived by the twaddle of these men. The
country has long since learned how Democratic
logic aided by mean whisky construes the
Constitution.
It is a sound proposition, sir, that the pro-
tection of " life, liberty, and property" com-
prehends every object for which tfhe Govern-
ment was formed and the Constitution framed.
It was for this that the May Flower was launched.
It was this for which Washington fought and
Warren fell. It was this for which thfe Dec-
laration of Independence was made and the
Articles of Confederation adopted. And finally,
it was for this, and only this, that the Consti-
tution was framed. And yet we are told that
the Government has existed eighty years with-
out the power to do the very things for which
it was created. This is, indeed, a poor tribute
to the wisdom and sagacity of the sages who
founded the Government, and the very state-
ment of the proposition proves its absurdity.
I believe, sir, that without the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendments (and certainly with it) the
Government not only has the right, but it is
its highest duty, to protect the lives, liberty,
and property of its citizens, whether at home
or abroad, and especially when these rights
are assailed under the connivance of State
authority. If a citizen of North Carolina in
England should have his rights assailed there
all will admit that the Federal Government,
and not North Carolina, would be called upon
to declare war to redress the injury if neces-
sary ; and yet, according to Democratic logic,
that same citizen may have the same right
infringed in North Carolina by citizens of
North Carolina, or even the State itself, but
in that case the General Government could not
interfere for his protection. To my mind, sir,
snch a proposition is simply absurd.
And again it is declared in the fourteenth
amendment that "no State shall deprive any
person (not citizen) of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law." Now, sir,
under this provision the whole power of the
Government would have to be employed to
protect the simplest right of an unnatural-
ized foreigner should that right be invaded,
either by individual or State power; and yet
the logic of the Opposition declares that, a
native-born and bona fide citizen may have
the same right invaded in the same way, and
yet this Government cannot interfere for his
protection! An American citizen maltreated
in violation of law in a foreign country could
at once command the interference of the Gov-
ernment, and the mere recital of his wrong
would touch the nation's heart, and at once,
if necessary, a million swords would leap from
their scabbards, and the Army and Navy of
the Republic in grand procession would girdle
the globe with the flash of their bayonets and
the light of their banners to redress the wrong
of an American citizen. And yet, sir, at home,
under our own roof-tree as it were, that same
citizen may be deprived of every right except
the right to die a violent death, and the nation's
sympathy must be locked up and her sword must
sleep in its scabbard under the dictates of the
Constitution! The pale and weeping woman
may at midnight bend over the bleeding corpse
of her husband, and in her anguish turn to
that flag, that for which her grandsires fought
and her husband fell, only to see inscribed
thereon " no protection against murder !" Sir,
I spurn the doctrine, I spit upon the theory,
and can find no language to express my con-
tempt for the argument.
The Constitution of the United States de-
clares :
" The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
The question here arises, whether the pro-
tection of the life, liberty, and property of a
citizen of the United States is among the
"powers" conferred upon Congress by the
Constitution. I answer, withont hesitation,
yes. For, as before remarked, the protection
of life, liberty, and property comprehends
every object for which the Government was
formed, and if it has not that power it has
none at all and never has had. In those days
when men were less corrupt, before their judg-
ments had become beclouded by prejudice,
and when great questions of government were
contemplated in the calm light of reason and
philosophy, that luminous sage and statesman,
Mr. Hamilton, used the following language,
which expresses my theory far better than I
am able to do myself. He says:
"These powers ought to exist without limitation,
because it is impossible to foresee or to define tho
extent and variety of national exigencies, and the
correspondent extent and variety of the means which
may be necessary to satisfy them. The circumstances
that endanger the safety of nations are infinite, and
for this reason no constitutional shackles can wisely
be imposed on the power to which the care of it is
committed. This power ought to be coextensive with
all the possible combinations of such circumstances,
and ought to be under the direction of the same coun-
cils which are appointed to preside over the com-
mon defense.
" This is one of the truths which, to a correct and
unprejudiced mind, carries its own evidence along
with it, and may bo obscured, but cannot foe inado
plainer by argument or reasoning. It rests upon
axioms as simple as they are universal—the means
ought to be proportioned to the end; the persons
from whose agency the attainment of any end is
expected ought to possess the means by which it is
to be attained.
" Whether there ought to bo a Federal Govern-
ment, intrusted with the care of the common defense,
is a question, in the first instance, open for discus-
sion ; but the moment it is decided m the affirmative,
it will follow that that Government ought to bo
clothed with all the powers requisite to the complete
execution of its trust. And unless it can be shown
that the circumstances which may uffect the pubiie
safety are reducible within certain determinate hm -
its; unless the contrary of this position cap befairly
and rationally disputed, it must bo admitted, as a
necessary consequence, that there can be no limita-
tion of that authority, which is to provide for tho
defense and protection ot the community, in any
matter essential to its efficacy ; that is. m any matter
essential tu the formation, direction, or support of
the national forces."
And again he says:
" That if we are in earnest about giving the Union
energy and duration we must abandon the vain
project of legislating upon the States in their col-
