202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Snyder.
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
lective capacities; we must extend the laws of the
Federal Government to the individual citizens of
America; wo must discard tho fallacious scheme of
Quotas and requisitions, as equally impracticable
and unjust."
These views wereexpressed by Mr. Hamil-
ton when the formation of the Constitution was
under consideration, and show how clearly he
anticipated the wants of the Government and
the powers necessary to be conferred upon
Congress in order to preserve the public peace
and perpetuate the Union. But, sir, you are
ready to exclaim that this is Federalism! In
response, I say let it be so. It is sound doc-
trine, and experience has taught us that if
more of it had been incorporated in the Con-
stitution the country would not have been
harassed and convulsed as it has been for fifty
years by the Democratic theory of State rights.
That able jurist, Chief Justice Marshall, in
McCulloch vs. Maryland, says :
" The Government which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed on it tho duty of performing that
act, must, according to tho dictates of reason, bo
allowed to select tho means, and those who contend
that it may not soloot any appropriate means, that
ono particular mode of offecting the object is ex-
cepted, take upon thomsolves the burdon of estab-
lishing that exoeption." * * -* *
" No sufficient reason is therefore poroelvod why
it may not pass as incidental to tlioso powers which
aro expressly given, if it bo in a diroct mode of
oxocuting them."
The only inquiry under this decision is, has
the Government the "right"to protect the life,
liberty, and property of its citizens? If it has,
Chief Justice Marshall declares in unequivocal
terms that it " must, according to the dictates
of reason, be allowed to select the means."
But we are informed by Democratic erudition
that while tho Constitution provides for the
protection of the rights of the people and the
punishment of crime it designates the States
as the agents or agencies through which this
shall be done. For the sake of argument I
will.admit this to be true. But suppose the
States fail or refuse to discharge this duty,
wlmtihen? Is not the proposition too simple
and true to require argument, that if tho agent
fail or refuse to discharge tho duties incum-
bent upon him by the terms of his appointment
the principal has the right cither wholly or
partially to suspend him? lie certainly has.
Then, in the case under consideration, is not
the Government the principal and the State
tho agent; and would a suspension of that
agent, be anything more or less than an en-
forcement of martial law within tho juris-
diction of such State? But, it may be said,
if there is any agency involved in the matter,
that the General Government is tho agent of
the States, rather than the States the agents
of the Government.
But, sir, I hold that the State governments
as well as the General Government are alike
the agents of the people; formed by the peo-
ple and for the people, and the people have a
right to call upon either for protection, with-
in Ihc limits prescribed in their constitutions.
Gentlemen may say that the General Govern-
ment was created by the States, but it is plainly
declared in the preamble to the Constitution
that "we, the people," for certain purposes,
"do ordain and establish this Constitution."
The first axiom in geometry is that the whole
is equal to all of its parts, and another is that
the whole is greater than any one of its parts;
yet Democratic logic reverses the proposition
nnd makes a part greater than the whole. In
Other words, it allows a State to do that which
if the General Government were to do would
be, in their estimation, justifiable cause of re-
bellion. I would ask Democratic members
what they would have the outraged loyalists at
the South to do? Shall they submit to rob-
bery, arson, and murder without the protec-
tion of their States, or shall they resort to
physical force ?
If Democratic gentlemen on this floor should
be dragged from their couches of repose at
the hour of midnight by masked demons in
human shape and subjected to their brutal
assaults and insults, and this, too, for years
together, while the constituted authorities of
the State refused to protect them, where, I
ask, would they look for protection? Would
they or would they not ask the Federal Gov-
ernment for help? With the rope around
their necks, and they suspended on tiptoe to
a limb, while the members of the Klan amused
themselves by pricking their muscles with the
points of bowie-knives, would they deem it un-
constitutional for the Government just at that
moment to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in their favor? I hear 110 response. I see it
depends with those gentlemen very much upon
whose bull is gored.
But, Mr. Speaker, we have heard a great
deal during this debate about Magna Charta,
habeas corpus, and the Bill of Rights. Well,
sit, I have contemplated with emotions of
pride and gratitude that bright .era in history
when Magna Charta was extorted from the
hand of power ; I, too, appreciate the value
of the great writ of habeas corpus, and regard
it as one of the bulwarks of liberty, and have
meditated with pleasure upon that sacred Bill
of Rights reserved to the people. But, sir,
of what value are any or all of these to the
suffering loyalists of North Carolina to-day?
To them they live but in name, and eloquent
disquisition upon them here is but the voice
of solemn mockery in their cars. Ay, Mr.
Speaker, their Bill of liights is the right to be
scourged,whipped, lacerated, robbed, tortured,
hung, and murdered, and the only habeas cor-
pus that reaches their poor bodies is the mid-
night decreo of a Klan, signed in blood by the
chief of the«den. Colonel McKay, of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, who was attached to the
staff of General Price, while he was stationed
at Little liock and Camden, Arkansas, and
who was a brave and acceptable confederate
soldier, told me in this building yesterday that
ten colored men were imprisoned in South Caro-
lina, and, as was supposed by some, unlawfully.
Application for writs of habeas corpus in favor
of each was made and granted. How were they
served? Tho next morning, instead of seeing
tho bodies of the prisoners before the court, as
the writs directed, the whole ten were seen
hanging to the trees, cold and stiff in death,
with the writs pinned to their bosoms. Why
shoald Democratic members go into spasms
about suspending the writ of habeas corpus in
the Carolinas, when it has been virtually sus-
pended for months, as is evidenced by the case
above cited, in which it appears that ten of
said writs were suspended—from a tree—all at
one time?
I may here add that Colonel McKay above
referred to is a brother of Dr. McKay, of
Charleston, who enjoys a world-wide fame as
a Masonic author and a scholar. Colonel Mc-
Kay is a gentleman of a high order of intelli-
gence, and, so far as I have been able to learn,
is a gentleman of unquestioned veracity.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, as much as any one
the necessity for the severe remedies provided
in the pending bill; but, sir, severe diseases
require severe remedies, and when the disease
exists, the sooner the remedy is applied the
better. That the disease does exist I for one
have no doubt. It is for thi3 Congress to say
whether they will stand by the results of the
war aud sustain that system of reconstruction
of which they are the authors or whether they
will not. It is for them to say whether four
billions of money shall have been spent for
naught and a quarter of a million of brave
men should have died in vain. You, gentle-
men, must decide whether four millions of
colored people shall be remanded to dis-
franchisement and serftlom, and nearly as
many white loyalists, devoted and true to tho
flag, shall again behold that flag retire i'rom
their midst as they did in 1861, leaving their
homes and hearthstones to be invaded by the
Ku Klux and bushwhacker, and their long- •
cherished hopes to die at last upon the altar
of patriotic devotion. Nay, more ; it is for
you to say whether you will sit supinely here
till a formidable armed rebellion is again in
the field, as in 1861, menacing you in the very
capital of the nation, thus giving to death
another harvest of a half a million American
citizens.
Let this bill pass, and it will bring repose to
the people and prosperity to the whole country.
Let gentlemen on the other side of the House
cease their apologies for the masked marauder
and the midnight assassin, and rebuke the mon-
ster in a bold and manly way, as did Breckin-
ridge and the Louisville Courier-Journal, and
then he will hide his head from the sight of
decent men, the country will be at peace, and
no need for the application of the severe rem-
edies of the bill before us. For I desire to
say that it is not the good citizens of the Dem-
ocratic party in the South, in whose defense
they have been wasting their coarse rhetoric
in this debate, but the basest of the base, the
fiend who at midnight can plunge the deadly
stiletto into the heart of the sleeping husband,
and while the life-blood gushes can exult amid
the heart-broken wails of the wife and the
dismayed and stricken children. Let north-
ern Democrats belabor themselves no more in
defending what they suppose to be the entire
Democratic party of the South, for many good
men there are of that party who would disdain
to be included in the common defense of the
Ku Klux assassin. The true Southron and
brave confederate soldier are not the men to
put on masks and clothe themselves in the
habiliments of the grave, to go forth at mid-
night to perpetrate the horrid crimes of rapine
and murder. Such men, of whom I am proud
to say there are many, have accepted the re-
sults of the war, and, having an interest in the
repose of society and the prosperity of the
country, they will cooperate with the Govern-
ment to secure them, even though that Govern-
ment is administered under a different political
faith to that of their own.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I can but refer
with feelings of gratitude to the peaceful con-
dition of Arkansas as compared with other
southern States, and I trust it may ever remain
so. I have no fears that the exigencies pro-
vided for in this bill will arise in that State.
I have no lears that should this bill become a
law the President will have any cause to pro-
claim martial law or suspend the privilege of
the writ of habeqs corpus iu the State which I
have the honor to represent. And I take this
opportunity t® ask the law-abiding citizens of
that State, without regard to party affiliation,
to combine their efforts to promptly repel the
Ivu Klux assassin should he appear again in
their midst. This done, and the permanent
peace ot the State will be secured, broken
friendships will be' renewed, social relations
will be resumed as in the halcyon days of the
olden time, and general contentment and pros-
perity will prevail for all time to come, immi-
gration will then flow to our State even more
rapidly than now, our industries will spring
into new life, our railroads will be but vast
avenues for the ingress of millions of wealth,
and our war-scarred State shall become rap-
idly resuscitated under the healing influence,
and glow in all the freshness of reuewed charms
from border to border.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that outlawry will be
promptly suppressed, so that it. cannot, as it
has been during this session, used as an argu-
ment against the removal of political disabili-
