1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
charged him, before W. B. Smith, United States
commissioner, with the offense of resisting officers
of the Government in the lawful discharge of their
duties. The parties showed by their own testimony
in the examination substantially the foregoing state
of facts. Hon. J. D. Pope, United States district
attorney, who was present and conducted the case
for the Government, when he heard the testimony,
with laudable indignation,moved the commissioner
to discharge the accused; and ho was immediately
released. I have been informed that one of the dep-
uty United States marshals was present when these
acts were done. I also learn from the district attor-
ney and Major Smyth, United States marshal, that
there was no evidence whatever before the commis-
sioner implicating him in the transaction. But to
return. If persons will have the temerity to violate
the criminal lawsot the United States, the Constitu-
tion and the acts of Congress provido the mode of
executing processes of United States courts; they
have the power and will not be backward in enforc-
ing it. Then, I say, let no man dare take the laws
into his own hand; for where this has been permit-
ted, as has been the case often of late in this and
neighboring States, by bands of outlaws, anarchy
and confusion reign.
" The Government of the United States is supreme
■within its sphere. With its gigantic powers, it is, as
all know—and all know and feel who venerate it—
benign and forgiving as mercy itself.
"It is the duty of this court, and it will always be
my pleasure while I have the honor to preside hore,
to execute and enforce the laws, and at the same time
to retain the respect and affection of the citizen to
the nation."
Since this question has been before Con-
gress, and since it has been proposed to enact
additional reconstruction laws for the South,
my people have become alarmed ; and num-
bers of the best men in my district have written
to me requesting that I would do all in my
power to prevent any such bill as this from
becoming a law. I have before me a letter,
written by Judge C. D. Davis, a pupil, at one
time, of the celebrated Judge Story, whose
Commentaries on the Constitution are so
often cited on this floor. Judge Davis has
been a Republican, appointed to office by
Governor Bullock—a native of Massachusetts,
reared and educated in the North, who came
down into our section long before the war.
He is an upright man and an honest judge.
Understanding that the passage of the bill of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] was to be urged at this session, he stopped
in the midst of his court, in the county o&Jack-
son, to write me the following:
"I have just been informed thatthereisnow pend-
ing before Congress a bill for the appointment of
commissioners in each county here for the arrest and
examination of persons, and binding them over for
trial in the United States circuit court. Such a
measure would eventuate in disaster alone, and only
tend to irritate and wound more deeply the already
deeply injured feelings of our people. I pray that
we may be let alone."
I could read quite a number of other letters
of similar tenor; but I am unwilling to tres-
pass longer upon the attention of the House.
I ask gentlemen from the North and from
the West to save the people of the South from
further infliction of wrongs. They desire to be
restored in good feeling and amity to theii;
relations with the Government. They desire
likewise to be protected by its laws. They
■wish to live in obedience to the Constiiution
of the United States. There is not a white
citizen of my State who has not, perhaps,
taken the amnesty oath. If they desire one
thing more than another, it is to feel that
they are again in the Union and protected by
the Government from its own officers. I trust
that the House will not pass this bill, but will
adopt such a policy as will make the southern
people feel that they are again in the Union
and restored to the confidence of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, obtained the
floor.
Mr. COOK and Mr. BURCHARD, by unan-
imous consent, obtained leave to have printed
amendments which they propose to offer to the
pending bill.
election in connecticut.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] yield to me a single
moment that I may have a dispatch read ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With pleasure.
Mr. KELLEY. It is in response to one
read to this House by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] the morning after the New
Hampshire election.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Let it be read,
of course.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. By all means.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hartfoito, Connecticut, April 4,1871.
Hon. William D. Kelley:
We have elected our Governor and three Congress-
men ; and the Democrat is, as you know, as sound a
protectionist as you are.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, Ihope gentlemen
on the other side will remember that they did
not allow us to have our telegram read.
Mr. MORGAN. The States of New Hamp-
shire and Connecticut have just elected seven
members of Congress, four of whom are Dem-
ocrats. We tender our congratulations to our
friends on the other side upon that result. If
the Democracy elect a majority of Congress-
men from New England, what results will they
not achieve in the other States of the Union?
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 323) to
amend section one of the act granting pensions
to the survivors of the war of 1812, approved
February 14, 1871, by striking out so much
of said section as excludes from the benefits
of the law those who adhered to the enemies
of the Government; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
george b. dickson.
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 324) for the relief of
George B. Dickson, late assessor of internal
revenue for the district of Delaware, for assess-
ing the direct tax as levied upon the several
States by act approved August 5, 18C1; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
SAMUEL T. B. STRIDER.
Mr. McGRE W, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 325) for the relief of
Samuel V. B. Strider; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
john spangler.
Mr. McGREW also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 326) for the relief
of John Spangler ; which was read a first anrl
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. GARRETT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill and have it considered at
this time.
The regular order of business was called for.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio, addressed the
House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
the disease and its causes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At the
surrender of the rebel armies, in the spring
of 1805, the officers and soldiers "were
allowed to return to their homes " upon their
paroles, "not to be disturbed by the United
States authorities so long as they observe their
paroles and the laws in force where they re-
side."
Violence and bloodshed thereupon ceased.
The last great act of murder—the death of
Lincoln—had so aroused the people in the
North that men of the South believed that
retribution would speedily follow crime. Every-
where the armies of both sections disbanded
without turbulence, and the soldiers of both
turned their attention to the arts of peace.
The lately enfranchised negro, falsifying every
prophecy to the contrary, became a willing
and industrious laborer, and his rights were
substantially respected by the most violent
and the most criminal, so that Grant, the
conqueror, passing through the South in that
summer, holding the life, liberty, and prop-
erty of the rebels in his hands, could well
report to the President that peace had taken
the place of war.
It is to be remarked that this very notice-
able state of things followed immediately the
conflict of arms, by which men's passions were
all aroused, when the returning soldiers were
out of employment, and when the scars and
wounds of the freshly-ended contest were open
and bleeding. What was the reason of this
almost anomalous quiet? What the cause of
this so sudden cessation of strife ? Clearly
because the rebellion in the South was over-
thrown by the armies of the Union; and in
the presidential election just previous the votes
of the people had as completely routed their
Democratic allies in the North. Five States
only were found to show any sympathy with
secession and treason. Superadded to this
was the fact that the then President of the
United States was declaring from his high
place that "treason was a crime to be pun-
ished, and traitors should take back seats."
There was no belief in any quarter but that the
Republican party, whose wise laws, determ-
ined energy, and progressive ideas had pre-
served the country, would rule it for the
ensuing four years.
But a change came over the aspect of political
affairs in the fall of 1865, when President John-
son, courting a nomination for the Presidency
from the late rebels, issued pardons to traitors
by the quire, and his declarations of amnesty, by
his speeches and proclamations, by the ream,
so that it became painfully evident that traitors
werenot to be punished, but were to take again
the high seats of power of the nation they had
betrayed.
Congress, reluctantly giving voice to the
wishes of the people, that the asperities and
wounds of war should be healed and forgotten,
yielded step by step to what indeed it was
almost powerless to prevent; and, by passing
bills relieving the disabilities of traitors and
acts of unguarded reconstruction, aided Presi-
dent Johnson in giving back political power to
the men who had abused it.
The decisions of the courts practically an-
nulled the confiscation acts, and men, red-
handed from rebellion, were found besieging
the Treasury of the United States for payment
for losses alleged to have been suffered in the
war; while the bereaved widow, the mourning
mother, and the soilless father of the North
were at their own bereaved hearth-ston es, weep-
ing the losses they had suffered, without indem-
nification or reward, save in the hope that the
blood of their husbands and sons had preserved
the Uuion of their fathers and cemented the
foundation and given power to the Govern-
ment to enforce tranquillity, peace, equal rights,
and equal power to all men, especially to a
race that had for generations been crushed
down by the iron heel of slavery.
Now questions, not of the war, now began
more and more to attract the public mind.
Good and true men, who had stood shoulder
to shoulder with ardent patriotism while the
war raged, now differed on measures of finance,
of the payment of the public debt, and the col-
lection of the revenues, so that .the parties
seemed about to divide on these issues alone.
From such division of counsels hopes came
to the Democracy; especially the defection of
President Johnson, and his passing bodily over
to their ranks, gave them roseate and radiant
expectations in the then-coming presidential
election.
Whosoever studies the history of the time
will find that as Democratic hopes of rule grew
apace, so did disorder, outrage, and murder
with equ^l steps increase in the southern
States.
Without pausing to give the evidences in
detail of this fact, to which every student
of recent history can turn, I pray to call the
attention of the country and the House to the
