1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
42d Cons....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garrett.
Ho. op Reps.
ties. I am told by Republican members here
that wheu we put down Ku Klux in the South
then it will be time to remove disabilities ;
that the voice of woe that comes up from a
thousand widows and orphans, made so by Ku
Klux assassination, is far more potent against
the removal of disabilities than all the rhet-
oric of Wendell Phillips, Charles Somster,
or Benjamin F. Butler. This may be true.
But, sir, I do not ask to have the disabilities
of the Ku Klux assassin removed, but those
of the order-loving men, who have accepted
the situation in good faith and who despise
the masked midnight murderer as cordially
as we. I hold it to be unjust to withhold those
immunities to which the people of iny State
are entitled because of crimes committed by
outlaws in other States.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. A. E. GARRETT,
op tennessee,
In the House op Representatives,
April o, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforco the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. GARRETT said:
Mr. Speaker: I had hoped that it would not
become necessary for me, during the present
session of Congress, to ask the indulgence of
this House to listen to any remarks of mine,
nor would I now ask its indulgence but for the
reason that the people of Tennessee, a portion
of whom I have the honor to represent upon
this floor, as well as the people of the whole
country, are to be seriously affected by the
passage of the bill under consideration. I will
remark here that a measure fraught with more
danger to the peace, liberty, and welfare of
the American people has not been proposed
by any partisan legislation. It does seem to
me, sir, that the party in power might be sat-
isfied with the innovations already made upon
the Constitution of our fathers without forcing
upon the country this crowning act of central-
ization.
I ask gentlemen here, who ever heard of
such extraordinary powers as this bill pro-
poses to place iu the hands of the Presidentof
the United States being intrusted to one man
in any civilized country? No king, prince, or
potentate was ever by the consent of his sub-
jects intrusted with such extraordinary powers
as those you propose by this bill to place in
the hands of a President of the United States.
As the constitutionality of the bill has been
so fully and so ably discussed, I propose to
confine my remarks to a plain statement of
facts as they have existed and do now exist in
the South as well as in other portions of the
United States. I have scarcely been able to
keep my seat and listen to the slanders and
falsehoods charged upon the Democratic party
and the people of the South by the other side
of the House since the opening of this debate ;
being satisfied in my own mind, however, that
the gentlemen making the charges were in
ignorance of the facts as they exist in the
South, I propose, as briefly as possible, to state
some of them as they have come to my knowl-
edge since the war. Those people, sir, have
borne with scarcely a murmur such oppres-
sion and insult, as no other people have ever
borne in the history of civilized Governments.
I know of what I speak, and I hope the House
will indulge me in a few remarks personal to
myself. As this is my first attempt to address
you, it might be proper for you to know my
former political status and what I was doing
during the war of 1861—05. I am a native
Tennesseean, born and educated there, a
Union man, and a Federal soldier for four
years of the war. I never did a disloyal act
nor spoke a disloyal word in my whole life,
but, in good faith, sacrificed property, health,
friends, and pleasure to do battle for the Con-
stitution and the Union. I stood by the
Constitution and the Union in its darkest
hours, and will carry the wounds received in
its defense to my grave. I claim no honor
for all the sacrifices I made; but, sir, I claim
the maintenance of the Union in good faith
under the Constitution of the United States.
And, sir, I claim the right to be heard in
the American Congress in explanation and
defense of the southern people, among whom
I love to live. While they fought on the other
side in the war, I know they were honest, brave,
and true. No people, sir, have ever been
slandered, abused, and misrepresented as those
unfortunate southerners have; and I would be
recreant to a noble nature, I would be recreant
to Christianity, I would be recreant to liberty
and humanity, as well as to the trust imposed
in me, were I not to correct the falsehoods and
slanders heaped upon those people. It is an
act of simple justice, sir, nothing more ; and
in discharging this duty I must be permitted
to say that I have no personal ends to serve.
As I remarked before, sir, I say again that
I spent some four years of the prime of my
life in the service of the country to maintain
the Constitution and the Union of States there-
under. I cannot, therefore, Mr. Speaker,
after the sacrifices I made, sit quietly here and
see the little that is left of the Constitution
of my fathers trampled under foot by a reck-
less party to serve partisan ends, without first
warning you against such an act and without
entering my solemn protest against it. If such
laws as this bill proposes are to be passed by
this House, of what use, then, sir, I ask, are
written constitutions? It is perfectly clear to
my mind that if this bill becomes a law it will
deprive the whole people of the United States
of the last great right guarantied to them by
that Constitution wo were taught to reverence,
including the great right of habeas corpus and
the right of trial by jury.
We in the South, sir, have enjoyed but few
of the rights guarantied by the Constitution
of the United States since the beginning of
the war. Notwithstanding the pledges made
by the President of the United States, as well
as the generals in the Army, to the rebels in
arms and to the whole country, that if they
would lay down their arms and return to their
loyalty to the Government they should have
all the rights of citizens of the United States,
all of'which pledges have been violated, basely
violated by the party in power. State con-
stitutions, State governments, and State judi-
ciaries have been overthrown, military dic-
tators and military commissions established in
their stead, and citizens arrested without war-
rant, imprisoned without trial, " tried, convict-
ed, and executed" by a drum-head court mar-
tial, in violation of the Constitution ; worthless
and merciless carpet-baggers and strangers
foisted into power and kept there by unconsti-
tutional and arbitrary measures.
The people South have borne all this, sir;
yea, they have borne more, they have borne
the carpet-bagger and scalawag, who were sent
among them as incendiaries and sustained by
military despots, who were sent among u3 tor
the sole purpose of stirring up strife and bit-
terness between the two sections of the coun-
try that a rotten, corrupt party might be sus-
tained in power. And now, sir, after four years
of war and six years of profound peace, mak-
ing ten years in all that this party have appro-
priated to the pillaging and plundering the
labor of this country, and during the whole of
these ten years, they have succeeded in cover-
ing up their crimes by crying "rebel! rebel!"
And now that the excitement of the people
is beginning to calm, and reason resume its
sway, and you no longer see any hope of re-
taining power in the Government by your
deception, fraud, and violence, you, hyena-like,
tear open the graves of your murdered vic-
tims, seize theirgory garments, and hold them
in the faces of a wronged and outraged people
to hide your crimes from their gaze. But it
is useless, sir ; the country has been deceived
long enough by your cries of rebel and Ku
Klux. You will have to look around for some
other political hobby for 1872; this will not
last you any longer.
As to the charges brought here against the
people of the South by the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stoughtos] a few days ago,
that the Democratic party from the first had
denied and then palliated and excused these
outrages, for fear I misquote the gentleman
I will read from his speech as published in the
Globe :
"Id Tennessee and other southern States the laws
which had been passod by Republican Legislatures
to suppress and punish the Ku Klux were repealed
as soon as the Democratic party came into powor.
The relation of the Democratic party to thif ' 1 cr
is precisely that of the receiver of stolen property
to the thief. The murder of leading Republicans,
terrifying thecolored population and nutting whole
neighborhoods in fear so that the KuKlux can con-
trol an election, is heralded as a Democratic victory."
Now, as to Tennessee, Mr. Speaker, I pro-
nounce these charges false and slanderous
from the beginning, so far as the Democratic
party is concerned ; and if the gentleman is so
ignorant as to the facts, he ought to be more
cautious in his statements upon tfeis floor, for
1 presume almost every gentleman here knows
that there is a law on the statute-books of
Tennessee to-day, in full force, providing that
any man or combination of men, disguised or
otherwise, riding over the country to the terror
of peaceable citizens shall be liable to indict-
ment, and upon conviction shall be sentenced
to the penitentiary for not less than five nor
more than fifteen years, and that if such armed
or disguised men beat or otherwise maltreat
any citizen so that he dies, such party upon
conviction shall suffer death by hanging.
What punishment more severe do gentlemen
desire to have inflicted upon a criminal than
this law inflicts? And this law, Mr. Speaker,
was passed by the Democratic Legislature of
Tennessee.
Now, sir, I ask you why crime is not sup-
pressed where it exists in the South, and espe-
cially in Tennessee? You have a Republican
Governor in that State, and have had one there
ever since the close of the war; you have had
all the judicial officers of the State ever since
the war. up to some ten or twelve months ago:
your party have been charged with the affairs
of the whole country ever since 1860, through
all its varied fortunes; therefore the country
must ask the Republican party why just laws
are not enacted and faithfully executed every-
where iu the Unit.ed States. Why did not the
Governor of Tennessee, if outrages exist there,
offer rewards for the apprehension and bring-
ing to justice of the law-breakers? I called
upon hira last .September, in person, and re-
quested him to do so. Why did he not do it ?
Because he knew, and his party knew, that if
these supposed rebel Ku Klux were caught the
majority of them would be found to belong to
his own party, (Radicals and niggers,) and
that the tact that many of the outrages com-
mitted were committed by men of his own
party would be fastened down upon them by
such proof as could not be denied.
I know of two Ku Klux having been cap-
tured in Middle Tennessee by Democrats,
men who were in the confederate army, and
the captured parties were Radicals. 1 know,
from good authority, that one was killed with a
mask upon him in Jackson county, Tennessee,
less than two months ago, while attempting to
rob a Democratic citizen ; and he was a Ead;-
