204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5_
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garrett.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
eal. I know further, sir, of my own personal
knowledge, and, if demanded, can bring the
proof before this House at its next session,
that in some of the counties composing my
congressional district, and other mountain
ccanties in Tennessee which gave a majority
cf .Republican votes in the last election, held
under the new constitution, where all men
were allowed to vote, where the revenue offi-
cers of the Government have been assailed
and insulted while attempting to discharge
the duties of their offices in seizing illicit
distilleries. And I know further, that in less
than two years after the close of the war
almost every prominent Democrat was driven
from his home in those Republican counties.
I have seen hundreds since the war pass my
town going westward, who stated to me that
they were driven from their homes by Radicals,
and alone for their political opinions. Yet,
Mr. Speaker, we have never heard one word
from a Republican newspaper nor from a
Republican stump-speaker in condemnation
of these outrages.
You send a committee down into Tennes-
see, I care not if it be composed entirely of
Republicans, if they are but honest men, and
let them make an investigation of the facts
as they actually exist, and I guaranty, on ,my
responsibility, that such an array of facts will
be brought out as will put the whole party to
shame, and as will fasten down upon that
party such an amount of crime, fraud, and
slanders as would fix its political condemna-
tion forever. I know how thieves, robbers,
and murderers, and 1 appeal to the records of'
my State for testimony, have been protected
by Republican judges, Republican legislators,
and Republican Governors in Tennessee, a
large number of whom are to-day in full fel-
lowship with the Republican (Mirty, You will
find upon an examination of the records in
the executive department at Nashvillo that
near five hundred thieves, robbers, and mur-
derers, convicted and confined in the State
penitentiary, were pardoned out and turned
loose upon the country by a single Republican
Governor, who to-day, sir, stands in full fel-
lowship with the Republican party. Then,
sir, let the country ask that party why crime
is not prevented in the South.
The Republican party have been in power
in all those States as well as elsewhere ever
since the close of the war, and now I ask the
gentlemen 011 the other side of the House to
tall this House and the country where there
has been a Republican thief, robber, or mur-
derer punished in accordance with the sentence
pronounced against him in a dozen instances
iu the whole South since they have swayed the
scepter over those unfortunate States. Let
the country know the truth. Sir, tell them
that all the party wish to know is that a man
is a Republican, and that li« votes the Repub-
lican ticket, and where that party have the
power to try his cause, he may commit crime
with impunity without fear of punishment by
the courts ; tell the country that a Federal sol-
dier, although he may have suffered for years
iu the service of his country, and although he
may have lost a leg or arm, and his character
for loyalty and fidelity to the national flag may
be as pure as a snow-drop when it falls upon
the mountain's brow, if he dares to exercise
his freedom as an American citizen and vote
the Democratic ticket, according to his con-
scientious convictions of right, he is at once
denounced as a traitor, copperhead, rebel, or
Itu Klux, and if he by chance hofds any petty
office, which but few of them do, (for the offices
are generally monopolized by ex-quartermas-
ters, negroes, and carpet-baggers,) in twenty-
four hours after he casts his vote for the Dem-
ocratic party his head goes off, and some
negro or carpet-bagger who voted the Repub-
lican ticket is immediately installed in his
Tell the soldiers and the country all
these facts as they exist, and attempt no
longer to deceive them by your loud proclama-
tions upon paper only that you are attempting
to protect the loyal citizen in his rights; let
the people know that loyalty to party is all
you think worth protecting.
It has been said here upon this floor that this
great Republican party saved the Government
and freed four million blacks, and I will add
that you have enslaved thirty-six million whites
with such oppression and taxation as no other
people have ever borne.
Gentlemen have boasted upon this floor of
the extraordinary leniency shown the people
of the South by the party in power. I ask,
sir, what leniency have they shown the peo-
ple_ of the South or any other people, save
their own partisans, since they have exercised
the controlling power of this Government?
They have to-day, sir, the labor of this entire
nation mortgaged for more than a hundred
years, while they have created monopolies
more stupendous than any known in the his-
tory of civilized countries; they have flooded
the country with a depreciated paper currency;
they have subverted constitutional govern-
ments, overturned State governments, and
substituted military despotisms in their stead;
organized military courts, tried and executed
citizens, both male and female, without giving
them the right of trial by jury, as provided for
in the Constitution of the United States; and
just now, as the sentiment of the country was
forcing the Republican party to restore to ten
of the States of this Union civil governments
and civil tribunals, with representation in both
Houses of Congress, it is proposed by this
monstrous measure to place the whole coun-
try and the destinies of its citizens in the hands
of one man, in order to enable him again to
substitute military despots in place of civil
governors in any State or States in this Amer-
ican Union, wherever in his judgment it may
become necessary to do so, for the purpose of
securing a Republican victory in 187:2.
It is alleged as an excuse for all the mon-
strous and unconstitutional legislation pro-
posed by this bill that neither life, liberty, or
property is secure in ten of the southern States,
and that loyal men are run upon by bands of
midnight assassins, murdered, beaten, or driven
from their homes, and that there is no power
to be found in the Constitution of the United
States to enable the President to enforce law
and order in the South. The honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] stated
upon this floor a few days ago, if I mistake
not, (and if I am wrong in the statement I
hope the gentleman will correct me,) that Gen-
eral Washington while President of the Uuited
States found authority in the Constitution for
ordering out the militia and marching them
into his own State of Pennsylvania to enforce
law and order and put down an insurrection
there. If the gentleman was correct in his
statement, and I admit that he was, why is it
that the present incumbent of the presidential
chair cannot find authority in the Constitution
now to enforce law and order in the States of
this Union? The Constitution has not, I be-
lieve, been changed in regard to the powers
vested in a President of the United States, and
if he be, as it was said two years ago that he
was, a second Washington, I do not see any
reason why he could not exercise the same
powers to restore law and order in this country
that the first Washington exercised.
It has been charged against the Democratic
party that all the outrages committed in the
southern States were committed by Demo-
crats, and for the sole purpose of procuring
Democratic victories. I again deny those
charges, and pronounce them falsehoods and
slanders upon the Democratic party ; and I
demand in the name of the people of the
United States, in the name of justice and all
that is fair and honorable, that this bill be
voted down, and that a fair investigation by
the committee appointed by the joint resolu-
tion of the two Houses of Congress be made,
that the facts as they exist in the southern
States and that the facts as they are brought
out by the investigating committee be reported
to this House for its action at its next regular
session; and if the facts when reported war-
rant such extraordinary legislation as pro-
posed by this bill, you will find many true
men on this side of the House willing to con-
sider it.
That violations of law and outrages are com-
mitted in some portions of the southern States,
no one will deny; neither do I presume that
any gentleman upon his veracity in this House
will deny that violations of law and outrages
upon the rights of person and properly are com-
mitted in every State in this Union, including
the puritanical State of Massachusetts, where
only a short time ago a school marrn was stoned
and murdered by her students. Besides, every
day we see published in the newspapers of the
country statements that murders, thefts, and
robberies are being committed everywhere in
the northern as well as the southern States;
and I will say here that there never was a time
in the history of this country when all men
obeyed the laws and no crime was committed.
There certainly can be no question in the mind
of any gentleman as to the fact that the re-
ported outrages in the southern States are
magnified a thousand-fold. For the reasons
already stated, almost every Democratic Rep-
resentative in Congress voted for the resolu-
tion authorizing the Speaker to appoint a com-
mittee to go into the southern States and make
a full investigation of all the facts, and report
all the outrages that can be sustained by the
proof of responsible parties, that in our legis-
lation we might be prepared to do equal justice
to all citizens of the United States.
There is no man, sir, upon this floor that
deprecates more than myself violations of law,
and 1 but speak the sentiment of my party.
No man has striven harder to have the laws
faithfully executed, without regard to party
affiliations, race, color, or previous condition,
than I have striven myself. But, sir, we have
had placed upon the statutes of the United
States a law which disqualifies from holding
office a large class of the best and most com-
petent men in the southern States. And the
people have been compelled to elect and retain
in ofiice men who in many instances are wholly
incompetent to discharge the duties of such
ofiice, and who, instead of trying to prevent
crime by a faithful execution of the laws, have
encouraged crime and violations of the law.
The records will show that not one-fourth of
the offices since the war have been filled by
Democrats, and yet the Democratic party are
charged with the failure of the execution of
the laws. 1 will guaranty that when the
^Democratic Governor of Tennessee shall be
inaugurated, in November next, that the laws
will be as faithfully executed in six months
thereafter in Tennessee as in any State in the
American Union ; and I assert, even now, under
the protection of the Democratic party, now
m power in Tennessee, that life, liberty, and
property is as secure to all classes of men as
in any of the States of this Union.
I will say for the information of gentlemen
on the other side of the House that if they wish
life, liberty, and property fully protected, and
peace and order restored throughout the South,
instead of passing this bill and creating mili-
tary despotisms in the South, which can only
tend to create disturbances there and else-
where, to pass a law reducing taxation and
lighten the burdens of the people, remove all
political disabilities from all men, placing all
citizens upon a perfect equality before the law.
