442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
great fact, proved by sworn testimony before
your Committee of Elections, sent there to
investigate, now on your files, that more than
two thousand felonious assaults and murders
were committed upon Union men in seven par-
ishes of the State of Louisiana during the
elections of 1868, and that in the New Orleans
riot, previously, a peaceful convention was
attacked for political reasons only, and many
of its members slain, including the Eev. Mr.
Horton, even as he prayed God to forgive his
murderers.
And, with deepest sorrow, I am compelled
to state the fact still more disgraceful to the
country and the Government, that to this day
and this hour, although many of the murderers
are well known, no man has yet been brought
to justice for any one of these very many dia-
bolical crimes.
But the spirit of patriotism, fired by the war,
still animated the hearts of the people, and the
beaten and dismayed hordes of the Democracy
again went down before the patriotic hosts by
a more than Waterloo defeat.
The election of President Grant, and the
magic words which accompanied his assumption
of the reins of power, " Let us have peace,"
carried quiet for a season into all the borders
of the South, so far as organized riot, outrage,
and bloodshed were concerned, and for a time
we heard only of sporadic crimes of the dagger
orpistol, which had ever been the distinguishing
insignia of southern society and the necessary
offshoot of a social condition where slavery and
a disregard of the rights of man were the rule
of action.
Following Grant's inauguration, the arts of
peace, the renewal of the industries of the
laborer, the influx of northern capital, with
its consequent immigration, were again turned
toward the southern States, and again sub-
stantial quiet, observance of law and order
prevailed there, as we have already seen was
the case after the surrender at Appomattox.
And for precisely the same reason.
Four new years of Republican rule must
again supervene, and the success of the Democ-
racy in the country seemed once more hope-
less. Once more it seemed that though treason
as a crime might not be punished, still traitors
at least would be restrained if not subdued,
and the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments
of the Constitution would insure the equality
of right and equality of protection under the
laws to all men who bore allegiance to the flag
of the Union.
But the unhappy and, in my judgment, mis-
taken policy of Congress, in our haste to recon-
struct the southern States and give to all
her citizens, however disloyal, equal political
power in the Government, still prevailed.
Again Congress gave wholesale relief from
traitorous disabilities. Again States that had
stood firm under constitutions providing for
disfranchisement of rebels gave way, and per-
mitted to their rebellious citizens an equal
share of power with the most loyal and true.
The struggle for political power lost by the
arbitrament of arms was therefore renewed
in the rebel States ; and again, instead of argu-
ment. debates, and appeals to the principles
of liberty under constitutional law as reason
for political^action, the white men of the South
resorted to their favorite and oft-tried means
of political success—fraud, coercion, and force.
Hate of the Union, malice toward free insti-
tutions, and all the bad passions, the sequelce
of civil war, heretofore smothered from fear
and necessity, becoming strengthened, engen-
dered anew, and fostered by mourning for the
"lost cause,'' by social ostracism of every man
and woman, however pure, high, and good,
■who had remained devoted to the country,
broke out afiesh and were brought into action,
reinforced by assertion of the doctrine that the
States when reconstructed were supreme in
their power over those who were within their
limits, and that the General Government was
powerless to protect even her soldiers who had
fought to save the life of the nation and were
denizens of the soil they had won for their
country, all conspired to convince the south-
ern men that they might once again control
the country, as their fathers for a generation
had done, and as their hopes arose even in so
much tbey organized wrong and murder to
accomplish them.
The traditional and ever-recurring effects
of disappointment in appointment to office by
a new Administration; differences upon meas-
ures of government in the party dominant for
so many consecutive years; the ambitions and
jealousies of the leaders of that party; the
burdens of taxation consequent upon the war,
had caused serious disaffection and divisions
among the best and most patriotic of the peo-
ple, who, believing tie war in fact ended
deemed it impossible that any of the funda-
mental issues therein settled could be reopened
again, revived the hopes of the Democratic
party; local successes in the late elections and
an increase of its representation in Congress,
although less than attended any other Admin-
istration in time of peace since the formation
of parties, gave still great hopes to the Democ-
racy of the North that by the aid of their allies
at the South power might again pass into the
hands of those who had once sought to destroy
the nation.
In Democratic State Legislatures attempts
were made to declare the constitutional amend-
ments insuring equality of powers aud rights
to all men not binding.
At the assembling of Congress in Decem-
ber last exultant speeches were made that the
Democracy would soon be in power ; that the
Republican Administration was broken down
and divided in its counsels. Proclamations
were made from this Hall that in such caseall
reconstruction was to be held invalid and un-
constitutional, and that every step taken since
the war would be retraced, saving always
those steps which released traitors from peril
and removed disabilities from those who had
forfeited all rights under the Government.
All this had its necessary and apparently
intended results. It increased and intensified
and organized the lawlessness already exist-
ing in the South from more remote but kin-
dred causes. Youngmenhad grown up during
the war, taught by their mothers hatred to the
Federal Union, and by their fathers that it was
not honorable to labor with their own hands
for their own support. They saw the negro,
whom they had deemed their inheritance, now
their equal in rights, and in all that makes good
citizens their superior. They saw churches
and institutions of learning, despised by them-
selves, frequented by the black man with eager
desire to raise himself in the scale of social li-fe
and fit himself for his privileges.
Thus inspired and stimulated, their bitter
hate of the Government and malice toward
free institutions broke out in the form of law-
less oppression of the negro, who, when the
war was raging, protected and served their
own mothers, and themselves as infants, in
loyal kindness to the helpless and unarmed ;
and these chivalric sons of the South, in armed
and cowardly numbers, brutally outrage at
midnight the faithful nurses in whose arms
they had been fondled in infancy, disguised, in
very shame, lest their victims should recognize
their butchers as the babes they had nurtured at
their breasts. These felons had never loved the
national Government. Fear of its power, which
had restrained them, was being relieved from
their minds, under Democratic teachings, and
they thus gave vent to the lawlessness and dis-
regard of the rights of others, inherent in their
education, in impartial hostility to the school-
house, the church, and the negro. They dese-
crated and burned the first two, and whipped
and murdered the men. At first these crimes
were political only in so far as all of the objects
of their rage were instruments in the hands of
the Republican party, by which good govern-
ment was to be preserved, laws vindicated,
knowledge disseminated, and their benighted
localities regenerated, and because of the fur-
ther necessity that as the Democratic party is
now organized all lawless violence essentially
tends to further its purposes.
Encouraged by the supineness of Congress
to repress Lhese crimes, their leaders con-
ceived the bold design of retaking by stealth
and midnight force the control of the State gov-
ernments, which they had lost in open war, and
for that purpose reorganized large numbers of
the soldiers of the confederacy into camps,
divisions, and districts, under their late officers.
These they bound together by horrid oaths,
secret signs, grips, and passwords, for mutual
protection, with the design, to use the words
of General Kershaw, " to retake by the mid-
night dagger of Brutus what they had lost" in
the trenches before Richmond.
Let me not, however, do injustice to all con-
federate soldiers. There were numbers of
good men and true, who, misled by their con-
victions, fought mistakenly but persistently for
the cause which they believed to be just, upon
the battle-fields of the confederacy.
But go to the morning reports of Lee's army
in the latter days of the rebellion, and you will
find two men " absent" to one man "present
for duty." It is those absentees who shirked
the contest with soldiers of the Union in arms
who are now prominent in the bands so cruel,
so murderous, and so unheard-of in their
atrocities, that the term " Ku Klux " had to he
invented to cover up the nature of the com-
bination, as disguises and masks conceal their
persons while they carry on by armed banditti
a cowardly midnight war upon defenseless,
unarmed people sleeping in their peaceful
homes. Therefore, if asked, who are the Ku
Klux? I reply, call the roll of absentees of
the rebel armies and the half-fledged boys who
follow and the newspaper " bummers" who
egg them on, and you will muster the rank
and file.
The testimony taken before the committee
of the Senate shows that these bands so organ-
ized number forty thousand men in the State of
Nortl^Carolina alone, and by their power they
overturned the State government elected by the
people of that State, impeached the Governor
for executing the laws, and have only been
prevented by the veto of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor from overturning the constitution of
the State itself through a convention to be
controlled by their daggers. In Tennessee,
as appears by the testimony taken before the
Committee on Reconstruction during the last
session, a Legislature elected through the ter-
rors of their outrages had passed laws in dero-
gation of common right, had overturned their
State constitution in defiance of its provisions,
and deposed the judiciary, and thus rendered
the execution of the laws, even of the United
States, so unsafe that almost weekly reports
Came to us of the necessity for the employ-
ment of troops of the United States in the col-
lection of just revenues from its own citizens.
The neglect of Congress to pass enabling laws
to give power to the Executive to protect life
and property ; the successes of the organization
in North Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, and
Georgia; the aid and comfort and support re-
ceived from the Democratic party on this floor
by their denials of the existence of these mur-
derous organizations; by palliation of these
atrocities ; by their opposition to every propo-
sition for legislation for their suppression,
whereby that party has made itself, both in
morals and law, participant and principal in
the wrong—for whosoever attempts to conceal
or cover up a crime becomes accessory thereto
in fact as well as in law—have so far encouraged
and emboldened these reckless, wicked men,
that, too impatient to wait for an election, but
preparing for the one in 1872, they have under-
taken by force of these horrible organizations
to overturn the government of the neighboring
State of South Carolina, and have begun their
hellish work with most systematic effort in the
