1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL XJLOBE.
443
Republican States of Mississippi and Florida,
so that, if unchecked by the strong arm of the
law, backed by military force, they will sweep
all the States of the South.
Gentlemen from the South rise here in their
places and tell us that in their districts there are
no outrages. Democratic members read from
reports of Governors and generals of two years
ago that there were then no outrages, meaning
to have it inferred that therefore there are
none now. And we may take safely those
statements to be true, for organization in its
lull torce doing its hellish work has not yet
existed everywhere in the South. In the re-
bellion the confederate army was not all at
once organized in every State. Notwithstand-
ing years of previous preparation, it took
months to bring all the rebellious States into
line. So it is no cause for wonder that this
stealthy organization is not yet completed to
its full extent in every one of the late slave
States, as, if unopposed, it soon wiil be.
Jt is evident that the lawlessness of the
South, at first undirected save by its hates, is
now become organized in the service of a polit-
ical party to crush its opponents, and to drive
from their borders every friend of a Repub-
lican Administration. , For this purpose it is
organized. For this purpose it receives the
orders and executes the decrees of a central
chief. Kor this purpose it murders legislators
and judges, burns school-houses and churches,
murders mail agents, overawes courts and
assaults the judges, breaks jails and kills or
releases the prisoners as they are foes or
fiiends, hinders the collection of the revenue
and outrages its officers, and levies a stealthy
war upon the United States, in which it is sup-
ported by a majority of those who favor the
cause of secession in the South, or its vile
bands could not sustaiu themselves for an
hour ; is connived at by and in collusion with
State governments in some States, or is too
powerful or too wary to be met in all where it
has shown its monster head.
If it was not political in the beginning, yet
as the objects of its fury, as to persons, were
negroes and northern men who had gone South,
the only friends of republican liberty; and as
to property, school-houses, and churches, and
the humble dwellings of the people—all of
which we proudly claim to be the friends and
instruments for the propagandism of Repub-
lican principles—it has necessarily become a
political engine in the hands of the Democ-
racy, who oppose liberty and equality of right
in the South, and all education and religious
instruction there. If I err in this, lot any
gentleman point me to a school-house or
church built in the South for the use of the
poor inan, white or black, by money subscribed
by a Democratic organization in the North,
and I will retract the charge; while 1 can find
hundreds of both built by Republican socie-
ties, both secular and religious.
I admit fully that these are grave charges, at
once against the Democratic party and a por-
tion of the people of the South; and if, as it is
claimed, these things are mere figments of the
imagination—if, as is claimed here in debate,
these outrages are only sporadic, and are
frowned down and punished by the communi-
ties in which they occur as a rule, or crime as
committed and punished, to use the jeers and
taunts of gentlemen, in Massachusetts, then
we are open to all the charges made against
us by the Democratic advocates on this floor
of the maintenance of the present state of
affairs in the South—that we are simply endeav-
oring to get up a cry for party purposes, and
we ought to be hurled from our seats by a
deceived and indignant people. Let me, there-
fore, exhibit, a portion only of the proof upon
which I propose to stand or fall, even if there
were none other, in the judment of every right-
minded man.
DOCUMEXTARY PROOFS.
North Carolina.
The recent trials and the reports of the Sen-
ate committee of investigation have shown the
existence of a secret Ku Klux organization in
this State, as we have already seen, of forty
thousand men, controlling the election, murder-
ing a State senator in the jury-room of a court-
house on the day when a Democratic conven-
tion was sitting in the court-room overhead;
able to put at defiance the courts ; requiring
martial law to be proclaimed by the Governor;
strong enough to resist even that, and then
strong enough to procure that Governor's im-
peachment tor striving to execute the laws to
protect his people and put down these crimes.
Does any man doubt the existence of such an
organization, under the names of u Heroes of
America/5 u the lied Strings," (lthe White
Brotherhood," u the Constitutional Union
Guards," "the Invisible Empire," and the
'4 Ku Klux Klan," all, save the last, significant,
of political organization? Does any one doubt
that by the in'luonco of these organizations the
election in North Carolina was carried in the
last campaign'/ Does any one doubt that the
influence of these organizations has impeached
Governor Ilolden, and now proposes to pro-
ceed with the impeachment of the Lieutenant
Governor? If any one has doubts of all this,
let him read the testimony of James Ifi. Boyd,
given under oath before the committee of the
Senate, the substance of which no ailirmative
evidence has contradicted or denied :
"Question. Whati* your knowledge of (ho object
and ex I onto J'this nrtf.i ui/.ation throughout t ho State?
"/I usfccr. L can only state from hearsay—wiial 1
have heaid i'roin members of tho oigauizution. Tlio
number ol tho members of tho oigam/.ation is sup-
posed to ho forty thousand. Their ^object was tho
overthrow of the reconstruction policy of ('uncross
ami tho disfranchisement of tho negro,^ Thoiearo
two other oiganizations besides that of tho White
Brotherhood, as 1 said before. I was a full member
of on© of them and partly a member in the olher.
I cannot say that 1 considered myself really a. mem-
ber of the other. Ono organization was called the
Invisible Mmpiro. Thoro is another organiz-ation,
which rather superseded the White Brotherhood in
my county, after it had gono on for somo time, and
was called the Constitutional Union Guards, whose
oaths and manner of operation were about thosamo.
There was very little difference; some change in tho
signs, Tho sign of recognition was by crossing the
hand on tho breast.
" Question. Were thoso separate organizations,
\v ith successive grades or ranks, all I he same ?
"Answer. 11 hink 1 he Const itutional Union Guards
and the White Brotherhood worenotthe same. Tlio
organizations originated in different, parts of iho
county, having in view the same objects and with
about tho same grades. There was vory little differ-
ence in their oaths or regulations, as to the manner
of organisation or proceedings, 1 novor took the
oath as a inomber of the Invisible Empire. 1 was
at Raleigh last winter, and Dr. John A. Mooro, who
was at that time a Democratic member of the house
of representatives of North Carolina from my county,
and who was also a member of the Wluto Brother-
hood, and knew mo to bo such, informed mo that
there was another organization, which was intended
to take tho place of tho WbiteBrothorhood. % It was
known as tho Invisible Empire; and he said that
Hamilton C. Jones, a State senator from Mecklen-
burg county, had agreed to furnish him with the
necessary authority to establish it in my county, lie
informed me what tho signs were. The recognition
was tho same as that of the White Brotherhood, by
turning tho lapel of the coat as if looking for a pin,
and if the party did not notico it, tho ono making
the sign could inquire for a pin to call attention."
Here you find signs, pass words, and oaths.
Look further, and you will find how night meet-
ings were organized, showing that it was an
organization to do its work by stealth and in
darkness:
"They had a method of designating meetings in the
day-time and night-time which I do not remember
precisely, but I think anight meeting was designated
by a half-moon drawn on a piece of paper, and the
day of the month was put in different places about
it, so that those who were well versed in the matter
would understand it. Tho affidavit of John W. Long,
who was a member of the organization, gave a lull
explanation of these things. It was admitted to have
been correct, I believe, by other members of the
organization."
Look still further, and you will find how this
terrible banditti operated, and what was the
objects and results of their awful work :
"Question. What has been the course of tho leading
men of your party, and of the press, toward you in
consequence of the testimony given by youin expos-
ing this organization ?
"Answer. I do not know, except as to the Sentinel,
published in Raleigh by Mr. Turner, which is recog-
nised as the loading organ of the Conservative party.
It has abused me very much, and consigned me to
infamy in one of its articles directly alter uiy evi-
dence was published. Now, I had <t conversation
with Mr. Turner at Jiillsborough. Ijwas there at a
meeting of the stockholder of the North Carolina
railioad, on the loth of July. I was at that tune a
candidate in Alamance county. He a^ked me tho
prospects of success. I told him I thought, they were
very good. He said then that he heard or had been
informed or had somo intimation that the Ku Klux
were going to rise the night before election and
go to the houses of the negroes and tell them if they
went to the election and voted they would meet
them on their return in the evening. I told him I
thought it would bewrong; that I thought we would
bo able to carry the State, and it would be alleged
as unfairness on our part, and would probably cause
some interference on tho part of Congress or tho
Government with the election; that wo had had
enough of such influence in North Carolina. Then
ho said: 'If I were yon, 1 would say nothing about
it m my canvass, neither advise it, nor say anything
against it; but if tho boys can assist >ou iu getting
votes in that way, why all right. Everything is fair
in election.'
"Question. The popularnnme by which I his organ-
ization is called being lvu Klux, what are thomeans
adopted to deny connection with it?
"An.snu.r. In tho explanation given by the person
initialing it was slated that, the <>t gainzat ion was
known to the public as Iv u Kin x. but that, the proper
name was While Brotherhood; ami this difference
was made so that when a. person who was really a
member of tho White Brotherhood was put upon
the witness-stand and asked if ho was a member of
the Ku Klux, ho could safely swear ho was not; that
ho did not belong to tho organisation whoso mem-
bers reeogni/.ed thutname.
"Question. In speaking about the punishing of
men on these raids, in the first putt ol your testi-
mony, what do you mean ?
"Ansie<r. Whatever punishment was passed upon
in the camp.
"Qik.*(tun. For what were they punished?
"Jiimw, 1 do not know; just whatever thevsaw
proper. J1' they thought tho man ought to be killed
for being too prominent in polit ieH, (hey would have
a meeting and pass sentence upon him. I have no
doubt, in my own mind (though t have no informa-
tion from others that such was tho case) but what
Outlaw was killed in order to break up tho organ-
ization of thecolorod voters, in my own county, or
frighten them away from voting.
"Question. Were other punishments inflicted in
your county besides this?
"yln.s-Nw. Yes, sir. in eonsemienco of Outlaw's
murder a negro by tho name of William Turyear, a
half-simple follow, who, it is said, saw somo of hia
neighbors returning in disguise from Graham tho
night that Outlaw was hung, was drowned in tho
inill-pond.
"Question, AVore there any whippings in the county?
Yes, sir. I believe there were one hun-
dred or ono hundred and lil'ry in tho last two years
in the county, white and black. Some have been
whipped two or thrco tunes."
Thus you will see it was political, and that
its intents wore, "all is fair in elections,n even
to murder. When did this organization, so
terrible in its force, so secret in its action, so
guarded by oaths, so heinous in its crimes, of
which 1 have yet given you only two murders
and a hundred whippings as specimens, begin?
Let again the sworn testimony auswer ;
" Question. Do you know when this organization
first started in North Carolina?
"A nswer. No,sir; my first knowledge of it wassomo
time during tho presidential canvass of 1SI)8. 1 can-
vassed my county on tho Seymour and Blair ticket,
and went into the county of Randolph and made a
speech at liihci Ly. There a gentleman from Guilford
county, by the name of Iliggins, came up to mo ami
said that was his business; and I being a strong
Democrat, and of course favorable to tho cause, ho
had no delicacy in approaching me about it.
" Question. Was the order made use of to advance
the causo of the Democratic party ?
"Answer. Oh, yes; undoubtedly.
" Question, Do you know who is the recognized
leader and head of it in North Carolina ?
1 do not. President Johnson was said
to have been the leader in the United States. That
was tho information given to tho members when
they came in."
What were its ramifieatious and what was
its extent? Let again the sworn testimony
answer:
" Question. Do you know whether that was true ?
"Answer. No, sir; only it was so stated.
" Question. Was there any understanding that the
organization in the county was connected with th«
State organization ?
"Answer. Oh, yes, sir; that was understood, thatit
was connected not only throughout the State, but
throughout the United States.
"Qiw>tion. And ran down to a precinct?
"Answer. Yes, sir; to a camp under command of a
captain.
" Question. How long were you a member of the
organization in good standing ?
"Answer. Well,sir, 1 suppose my standing was good
up to the tune 1 was arrested by Colonel Kirk.''
