444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ■
April 4,
Can such an organization be met by the
ordinary course of judicial tribunals?
A single farther question will answer that
question to the satisfaction of the House:
" Question. It would be difficult to make a jury in
the ordinary way without having some of them on it?
"Answer. Yes, sir; especially when the sheriff and
all his deputies were members."
I have said that a State senator was mur-
dered in a room of the court-house on the day
while a Democratic political convention was
going on overhead. Let me give you the evi-
dence of that occurrence. The witness I will
call is John Kerr, a member of the Thirty-
Third Congress, an unwilling and untruthful
witness, as will be seen; but for all that his
testimony when heard will be convincing:
" "Washington, D. 0., February 28,1871.
"John Kkrr sworn and examined.
"By Mr. Kick, (acting chairman:)"
$$4: $ $ $
"By Mr. Bayard:
"Question. Did you at any time represent your
State in the Congress of the United States?
"Answer. Yos, sir; in the Thirty-Third Congress."
"Question. Have there been any outrageous acts
of violence committed in that county?
" Aasioer. To my knowledge there has been one. I
suppose ithasnow become notorious. A inan bythe
name of John W, Stevens was put to death in that
county by persons to me unknown.
"Question. Senator Stevens?
"Answer. Yes, sir; a member of the State senate
from that county.
"Question. That occurred at the court-house at a
political meeting?
''A aswer. Yes, sir; while a political meeting was
going on, as I suppose; it was 011 the day it was
held."
"Question. Thatisthe only occurrence of aviolent
character that you know of in that county?
" Answer. That is the only one I know of. I have
he*ird of some others.
Question. Of what nature?
44 Answer. I heard of one other person beingfound
dead. I heard, i think, certainly of one, and prob-
abjy of more than one iustancc of whipping.
''Question. What were alleged to be the causes of
these nets of violence?
" Anstoer. So far as the man that was found dead
was couuerned, I never could learn any cause for it;
ne^er heard anybody suggested as the slayer.
" Question. Did you ever hear of any cause for Mr.
Stevens s death?
44 Answer. 1 have heard agreat many conjectures in
regard to his death. On one hand it is conjectured
that he was slain by his political enemies; on the
other hand, it is asserted with equal confidence that
he was slain by his political tnends for political
effect
\\Que8tion. Made a sacrifice of for political effect?
Answer. Yes, sir; both of these things are al-
leged.
'"Question. Which is generally believed?
"Anmctir. That 1 cannot say.
^Qu<*n(ion. Which do you believe?
"ylnvwer. If if. in proper, I will say without hesita-
tion that 1 conscientiously believe him to have been
put to death by his own friends. That is my opinion
founded on the evidence such as came to my mind.
I believe his death was the result of party arraage-
ment.
"Question. With or withouthis consent?
Answer. Oh, of course he knew nothing of it.
Question. You do not know but he was willing
to be sacrificed for the good of his party ?
Answer. No, sir; but I would, of course, presume
not.
"Question. lie was not as patriotic as his friends
were?
"Answer. I think not; however, he may have been
equally so." x ¥ * * * * * *
t< "By Mr. Rice:
* Question. At the time Mr. Stevens was murdered
what was the character of the political meeting?
Anxwei. It was a meeting of the Democratic or
Lonseivative party."
Question, Nobody was ever arrested in the case
oi^btevcns?
^ Answer. Yes. sir; a great many wore arrested.
Question. iNobody ever convicted?
Answer. Nobody ever convicted. I suppose I was
arrested for the murder of Stevens, and twenty others
ottbo best meu of the county, excluding myself.
tt Question. Under the civil law, I mean.
Answer. No, sir; nobody arrested under that."
Tn addition to the evidence furnished of two
deliberate, cold-blooded murders—one of the
State senator in the court-house—by this wit-
ness, it further appears that under civil law
nobody has been arrested for any of these
crimes. But we get also a still more wonder-
ful statement, which showsthe folly of attempt-
ing to elicit any truth from members of these
Ka Klux Klans. This witness, a former mem-
ber of Congress, and a man of years and ex-
perience, declares upon his oath that he be-
lieves that Stevens was murdered by his party
friends for political effect, and that done in a
court-house where a Democratic political meet-
ing was being held. Does mortal man believe
that statement or the fact to be so? Does the
man who swears to it believe that he believes
it ? To that there can be but one answer.
Yet this Kerr was a candidate himself for
election to Congress, and he, if elected here,
would probably have arisen in his place and
told us that in his district no murders or out-
rages had been committed, save by the Repub-
lican party, for political effect; and, being our
colleague, we should have been bound to be-
lieve him in that statement, perhaps 1 I take
leave of North Carolina, and spare further
painful recital of these harrowing wrongs,
except to quote a few words from the report
of the Senate committee, giving the num-
ber and character of proven felonies in that
unhappy State.
" The testimony, taken on cross-examination,
shows the existence of the Ku Klux organiza-
tion in Lenoir and Greene counties in April, 1869;
that the death of Sheriff Colgrove was voted in one
of their meetings because he assisted to arrest one
Hines, a member of that order: that he was mur-
dered in pursuance of that decree, in April, 1869;
that Hines, with another member of the order who
was confined in jaii with him, was forcibly released
from the jail atKinston by hisfelfow-meinbers; that
in January, 1S69, entrance to the same jail was pro-
cured by a stratagem practiced upon the keeper,
and four men who were there charged with crimes
were taken out, and two or more of them were mur-
dered." **.>******
"Up to the 27th of October, 1870, twenty-one cases
of whipping and shooting are reported as having
occurred in Lincoln county, lfrom the 1st of De-
cember, 1868, to the 22d of December, 1870, a list of
thirty-eight cases is furnished as ha.ving occurred
in Alamance county, embracing two of murder, one
of mutilation, many of whippings, threats of vio-
lence, &c."
Time will not suffice for me to give to the
House more than these specimens of the acts
of this most terrible order of outlaws. But let
me say, in the four hundred and twenty-three
pages of the report of the Senate committee
there is not one word to disprove or discredit,
but everything to corroborate, the horrible
story, a small portion only of which I have
put before the House.
Louisiana.
Here it is claimed that all is peaceful, all is
quiet; and the message of its Governor has
been read to show that there is no necessity
for any remedy for wrong and outrage. For
my evidence 1 appeal to the reports of the
Committee of Elections of the last House,
made after the fullest investigation, in which
thousands of pages of closely-printed testi-
mony were taken. At the election in 18G8
your committee reported, (No. 38,) among
other things, as follows:
"The prejudices of race were rallied and excited to
the verge of insanity. An oath-bound, secret, quasi-
military society wasorgamaed throughout the State,
called 'Knights of the Whito Camelia,'or 'K. W
C.,' the mem tiers of which were sworn to obey their
superior officers, to oppose by all means in their
power the exeicise of political authority by colored
men; to support and defend each other, on call and
to the death, and to keep secret the proceedings of
the order.
" Into this band were sworn nearly all the Demo-
crats of Louisiana.
"They were armed and organized under a Grand
Commander and subordinate officers, forming per-
fect connection from headquarters at the city of New
Orleans with every 'circle,'in every election pre-
cinct in every parish in the State, so that the entire
force of each precinct, parish, or district, or of the
whole State, could be called into action and thrown
into the field at the word of onesingle man, whose
will was absolute. So numerous and formidable was
this organization, that in Now Orleans alono it was
understood to have an armed force of over fifteen
thousand men, and the general commanding the
department, being himself a Democrat, and well
advised on the subject, pronounced it too powerful
for his command to cope with, and advised tne
Republican leaders to abandon the campaign. "
Cau there be any doubt that this organiza-
tion was political? How did it carry on the
political compaign, and what was its bloody
work ? Let the report again answer:
,T -fhe most serious riots occurred in the cities of
£lew Orleans and Jefferson, and the parish of St.*
Hemard, in the first and second districts; in the
parishes of fet. Landry and St. Mary in the third
district; and in the parishes of Bossier and De Soto
in the fourth district." * * * * "in
these and similar though minor outbreaks, including
the operations of the KuKlux Klan, it is estimated
by those best informed no less than two thousand
Republicans were killed, wounded by gunshots or
otherwise seriously inj ured." "usuots, or
The House having passed judgment upon
the parish of Orleans, we shall not dwell upon
it here, except to say that the part of that parish
included in this district was the home of the
bloody " Innocent's Club," which was about
two thousand strong, and was a terror not only
to the city, but the surrounding country; and
the greater proportion of violence was com-
mitted by it in this district. Ah I The horrid
and profane mocker}' naming these felon klans
the "Innocents!" Indeed, they were "the
Democratic lambs of the South 1"
Again, in further corroboration, let me turn
to a second report of the same committee, and
observe the dreadful catalogue of outrages and
murders, and also their effect upon the Repub-
lican vote, and then tell me if we live in a laud
of liberty and law !
V In this part, including that part of Orleans com-
prised in this district, and St. Bernard, St. Helena,
ana Washington, the Republican party had a ma-
jority in 1868 of over one thousand. receiving 8.565
votes. Over three hundred leading and active Re-
publicans, white and colored, were killed, wounded
or otherwise cruelly maltreated by KuKlux, and
other instruments of violence and intimidation,
within sixty days preceding the election.
"Terror and dread took possession of the unpro-
tected people, thousands of colored Republicans and
some whites voted the Democratic ticket from com-
pulsion and fear, and the great mass remained away
from the polls, and the eighty-five hundred and sixy-
fiye Republican votes were reduced to eighty-four,
eighty of which were received in Orleans, two in St.
Bernard, two in St. Helena, (out of Amite,) and m
VV ashington none."
So by killing, wounding, maltreating leading
Republicans, violence and intimidation, only
one in a hundred of Republicans could vote
ithere, and the Democrat was elected over their
corpses.
Does any one believe that these " Knights
of the White Camelia," these " Innocents,"
cou-'id be suppressed by the ordinary process
of judicial tribunals? On the contrary, the
Army of the United States, tinder a Demo-
cratic major general, quailed before these
powerful armed bands.
"The Governor of the State appealed to the general
commanding to use the national forces, and the gen-
eral replied 'that there was an armed organization
in the city, the Knights of the White Camelia, fif-
teen thousand strong, and if they attempted to over-
throw the civil government it would be impossible to
prevent it; that he had not troops enough to protect
the United States property in case of tumult.' Gen-
eral Buchanan, second in command, declared'that
the general commanding would be as much justified
in withdrawing his troops as a general would bo
before an army of superior force.'"
And yet this general had under his com-
mand, to enforce the laws of the United States
in time of peace, in the city of New Orleans,
more United States troops than another gen-
eral, commanding there in 1862, had in the
city with which to keep at bay a rebel army,
keep peace, and hang the traitor who insulted
his flag 1
Does any gentleman on either side of the
House want further evidence of these facts?
Has not the House, by its committee,
already investigated this matter of Louisiana
sufficiently, without appointing another? Do
they want better evidence than that of General
Hancock, just above cited? Is not any gen-
tleman justified in declining to serve on such
an illusory, useless committee, if we propose
to send one down there to get facts already
reported to us? "Why should these facts be
reported over again, when, I repeat, &md again
repeat, with unutterable anguish at the thought
of the imbecility of the Government to protect
its citizens, that no man, for either of these out-
rages and murders, has ever yet been punished
or ever will be? Does any Democratic doubt-
ing Thomas think that I have not made out a
case of Ku Klux organization, so far as Lou-
isiana is concerned, in the year 1868? If so,
he better not vote for General Hancock, who
commanded there then, for President.
