206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1.
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42b Cong.... 1st Sess.
are loaded with crime added to pequry—I say
it is no wonder, sir, that such men should have
those horrible Ku KIux visions, when their
conscious crimes are eating out their very
vitals. I do not wonder, sir, that they cry
night and day for help to put down the horri-
ble ghosts of their murdered victims. There
is nothing truer in Holy Writ than that the
murderer, the thief, and the robber flee when
no man pursueth. Hundreds of Union men
and Federal soldiers live in Tennessee that
have never been insulted by a rebel soldier.
We mix together there daily, and all is peace
and good will. Each honest and faithful sol-
dier always loves the other, whether he be on
the one side or the other, and it is perfectly
natural that he should do so.
Enforcement of fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HOIT J AS. G. BLAIR,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House or Representatives,
April 1, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill (II.
11. No. 320) to enforco the provisions of tho fourteenth
amendment to tho Constitution of tho Unitod States,
and for other purposes—
Mr. BbAlK, of Missouri, said:
Mr. SrEAKKii: The bill before us for our
consideration, and upon which we ure called
to vote, reads, in its first four sections, as fol-
lows:
A bill to enforce tho provisions of tho fourteenth
amendment to tho Constitution of tho United
States, and for other purposos.
. lie it enuete.d by the Senate and lhme of Representa-
tweaof the United States of America tit Congress attseni*
bleil, That any porson who, under color of any law,
st.ituto, ordinance, regulation, custom, or ustigo of
any State, shall subject, or causo to bo subjected,
any person within tho jurisdiction of the United
States to the deprivation of any rights, privileges,
or linniunitios secured liy tho Constitution of the
United State", shall, any such law, statute, ordin-
ance, regulation, mistom, or usago of tho Stato to
the contrary notwithstanding, bo liable to the party
injured in auy action at law, suit in equity, or othor
proper proceeding lor redress, such prooooding to
bo proseoutod in tho aevoral district or circuit courts
of tho United States, with and subject to tho same
rights of appeal, review upon error, and other rem-
edies provided in liko oases in such courts, under
tho. provisions of tho act of tho 9th of April, 180(5,
entitled "An act to protect all porsons in tho United
St atos in thoii' civil rights, and to furnish tho inoans
of their vindication," and tho other remedial laws
ot the United States which are in their nature appli-
cable in such eases.
Si:c. li. Xtiut if two or more persons shall, within
the iimitH of any Stato, bund, conspiro, or combine
together to do any act iu violation of tho rights,
privileges, or immunities of any porson, to which lie
is entitled uiid'or tho Constitution and laws of tho
Uuitod States, which, committed within a placo
under tho soloinid exclusivo jurisdiction of tho Uni-
ted States, would, under any law of tho United
States then in force, constitute tho erimo of oithcr
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbory, assault
and butter},perjury, subornation of perjury,crim-
inal obstruction of legal process or resistance of
olliceis m discharge of official duty, arson, or lar-
ceny; and if one or moro of tile parties to said con-
spiracy or combination shall do any act to effect tho
object thereof, all tho parties to or engaged in said
conspiracy or combination, whether principals or
accessories, shall bo deemed guilty of a felony, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall bo tiablo to aponalty
of not exceeding; $10,000 or to imprisonment not
exceeding ten years, or both, at the discretion of tho
court: Provided, That if anypaity or parties to
such consniracy or combination shall, in furtherance
of such common design, commit the crime of mur-
der, such paity or parties so guilty shall, upon con-
viction thereof, suifer death: A nd proviitcd also,
lhat any offense punishable under this act, begun
inone judieialdistrict of the United States and com-
pacted in another, may be dealt with, inquired of,
tried, determined, and punished in either district.
S 3. That in all cases where insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
m any State shall so far obstruct or hinder tho exe-
cution of the laws thereof as to deprive any portion
or class of the people ot such Stato ot any of the
right?, privileges, or immunities named in and sc-
ouredby this act, and tho constituted authorities of
such tetalo shall either be unable to, or shall, from
any canto, luil in or lefuse protection of the people
in such r.gtits, and shall fail or liegleut, through the
proper authorities, to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facte shall
be deemed a denial by such State of the equal pro-
tection of the laws to which they are entitled under
the fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and in all such cases
it shall be lawful for the President, and it shall be
his duty, to take such measures, by the employment
of the militia or the land and naval forces of the
United States, or of either, or by other means, as
he may deem necessary for the suppression of such
insurrection, domostic violence, or 'combinations;
and any person who shall be arrested under the
provisions of this and the preceding section shall
be delivered to the marshal ot the proper district,
to bo dealt, with according to law.
Sec. 4. That whenover in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to bo able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, or when
the constituted authorities are in complicity with,
or shall connive at the unlawful purposes of, such
powerful and armed combination?, and whenever,
by reason of eitheror all of tho causes aforesaid, the
conviction ofsucii offenders and tho preservation of
tho public satety shall bccoine in such district im-
practicable, in every such case such combinations
shall be deemed a rebellion agains the Government
of tho United States, and during the continuance of
such rebellion, and within tho iimits of the district
which shall bo sounder the sway thereof, such limits
to bo prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful
for tho President of tho United States, when, in his
judgment, the public safety shall require it, to sus-
pend tile privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, and
to declare and enforce, subject to tho Rules and Arti-
clesi of War and other laws of tho United States now
m force applicable in case of rebellion, martiallaw,
to the end that such rcboilion may be overthrown:
Provided, That tho President shall first havo made
proclamation, as now provided bylaw, commanding
such insurgents to disperse : Anil provided also, That
tho provisions of this soction shall not bo in force
after tho 1st day of June, A. I). 1872.
Here, sir, is a bill based upon the idea that
the national Government has absorbed all
those powers heretofore known as "State's
rights," and which have 'ever been held most
valuable in the interest of republican Govern-
ments and constitutional liberty by the people
of the respective States.
Surely a bill of this character should not be
allowed to pass this House without the strict-
est scrutiny and most profound thought, not
only as to the subject-matter and the necessity
for tho redress or remedy sought, but also as
to the constitutional power of this body to
enact it into a law.
Standing here as I do, disconnected from
and independent of either of the parties upon
this floor, I feel that I can think and act free
from party bias and prejudice. Having stood
side by side with the dominant party in this
House in many a strongly contested conflict
in years past in trying to elevate the colored
people of the South, whom this bill mainly
seeks to protect, to the full and perfect status
of free men and women, I hope that my posi-
tion upon this measure will not be considered as
prompted by a spirit of malevolence or preju-
dice against that unfortunate people.
As the bill is based upon powers assumed
to be vested in the General Government, it
will become necessary for me to go back to its
origin and lay a foundation for tbe criticisms
which I sha.Il make to the first, second, and
fourth sections of the bill. The third sec-
tion, with a little pruning, I can support, as I
believe it is right in spirit and free from con-
stitutional objections.
While as a matter of fact the thirteen colo-
nies were never free in the exercise of those
attributes of sovereignty pertaining to inde-
pendent nations, yet as a matter of theory,
and by the doctrine of " relation," their inde-
pendenceliavingbeen acknowledged, they must
be considered as free and independent at the
time they entered into the old Articles of Con-
federation, possessing full and complete sover-
eignty, and entitled under the laws of nations
to rank assuehamongtbe nationsof the world.
But that we may have the point that I wish to
make, brought more immediately and forcibly
to viGw, we shall consider the States as free
and independent at the making of our Consti-
tution.
What prompted the desire for a confedera-
tion or union of the States ? Was it to secure
and protect the internal or 'domestic affairs in
the States or the external ? All nations have
what are called domestic and foreign relations.
The domestic or home relations are governed
and regulated by an internal system of police,
while the foreign are regulated by a system
known as national law, and which may be
properly considered as including the treaty-
making power of nations. Is it not a matter
of historical fact that it was external consid-
erations altogether that induced the States to
form our present Government? Each State
within itself had ample power to regulate and
control its own internal and domestic affairs;
but each State did not have within itself the
power to control external affairs; hence the
Articles of Confederation, and hence our pres-
ent Constitution.
When, then, the delegates that framed our
Constitution came together, it was for the pur-
pose of making a Government to strengthen
wherein they were weak, and not to weaken
wherein they were strong. As each State had
all the power and authority it wanted to regu-
late its internal or domestic affairs, it is un-
reasonable to suppose that their object was to
form a Government augmenting those powers,
History, logic, facts, and the Constitution
itself all combine to show that the Govern-
ment formed was for the purpose of regulating
external and national matters, and not inter-
nal or domestic matters. The question was,
could that kind of a Government be formed,
national in its character, without trenching
upon domestic affairs ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I assert that it not only
could be done, but was done; and that by vir-
tue of this division of the power or sover-
eignty of the States into national and State Gov-
ernments we necessarily have national and
" Stato rights," or national and State sover-
eignties. But some inquire, " How can this
be?" Iu order to determine that, Mr. Speaker,
permit me to say that the colonies, before the
Government was formed, occupied the posi-
tion of tenants in fee; that is to say, each one
was sovereign and possessed all power in its
own jurisdiction. They had all the powers
that could be granted to any nation on earth.
Like the title of a tenant in fee-simple to his
real estate, it was the highest known to the
laws of nations. Now, if they each possessed
full sovereign power, then, in order to frame
a United States Government, there must have
been a grant of powers from the respective
States to the General Government. It is, then,
the grant of these powers to the General Gov-
ernment that gave it life, brought it into exist-
ence, and causes it to perform the various func-
tions which it does. The Government pos-
sesses no power at this day, except what it
received from the original colonies or States.
Now, then, a tenant in fee may grant an
interest in his homestead for years, for life,
and in remainder. When those powers are
thus granted, the tenant in fee cannot, until
those terms have expired, exercise any right
over the interests conveyed to those parties.
So, with reference to the powers granted by
the State governments to the General Govern-
ment. The powers they have parted with
and vested in the General Government can
alone be exercised by the General Govern-
ment. No more could we expect a tenant in
fee to exercise dominion over a life estate or
for a term of years than we can expect that
these States can exercise any right over tho
powers which they have vested in the General
Government. And as neither a tenant for
years nor for life can control the estate in fee,
reserved by the grantor to himself, so may not
the General Government control the sovereign
powers reserved by the States to themselves.
The full and complete sovereign powers
