1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
existed in the original States. Those States
granted a portion of their powers or sover-
eignty to the General Government. The States
themselves are still the tenants in fee, if it be
true that they did not grant all their sover-
eignty to the General Government; and if it
be true that they did not so yield it up, then
it follows that this is a Government of limited
powers, and can exercise no powers but those
specifically granted to it by the States.
I have spoken ef the powers granted and
the powers reserved, and now I propose to
notice the character of those powers. What
powers did the States possess before they
formed the General Government? They pos-
sessed what are generally called national and
domestic powers. In determining what pow-
ers were granted by the States to the General
Government we must ascertain what was abso-
lutely necessary to be granted by them in order
to perfect a national Government.
Wasit necessary fortbe States to grant power
to the General Government over the domestic
affairs of the States? I assert not, because,
as remarked, the object was to supply defects
and make the weak strong. The States had
all the powers they wanted over their internal
or domestic affairs. They were strong in in-
ternal defense, but weak in national defense,
influence, and character. To remedy this de-
fect they agreed to combine portions of then-
sovereignty together to form one Government
to resist foreign aggression and to defend
themselves against hostile nations. If it was
not necessary to grant powers to the General
Government specially pertaining to the domes-
tic affairs of the States in order to form a Gov-
ernment for general defense, then, without
a special grant of power to that effect, it is
unreasonable to suppose that it was granted
or intended to be granted.
Did the Convention, in framing our Constitu-
tiont give jurisdiction to the General Govern-
ment over the domestic affairs of the States?
If it did, then the Constitution ought to show
it. Where is the article, section, or paragraph
that so affirms ? Who will point it out ? It
cannot be shown; on the contrary, it can
clearly be established that it is not there, nor
intended to be. If it cannot be found, then
gentlemen ought to be forever estopped from
saying that any such power exists.
I read from section eight, article one, Con-
stitution United States. It says Congress shall
have the power—
"'To define and punish piracies and felonies com-
mitted on the high seas, and offenses against the
laws of nations."
If it was intended to give Congress jurisdic-
tion over crimes and misdemeanors in the
States, this is certainly a most singularly
worded paragraph. The power of Congress is
specifically limited to crimes committed on the
high seas, and offenses against the law of na-
tions. Had it been intended to give Congress
jurisdiction over crimes and misdemeanors in
the States, it would have read thus: 11 To define
and punish piracies and felonies committed in
the States and on the high seas, and offenses
against the laws of nations." J?his would have
shown the intent to give Congress jurisdiction ;
but the words "in the States" having been
left out, proves to the contrary.
^Another provision in the same section gives
Congress the power—
"To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions."
Here is power given to suppress insurrec-
tions and repel invasions, but not one word
said about suppressing domestic violence. Is
the omitting from this paragraph the words
"domestic violence" consistent with the idea
that the States intended to confer upon Con-
gress jurisdiction over the domestic affairs of
the States? Methinks one must be willfully
blind or possess a very obtuse mind that would
so contend.
_ Mr. Speaker, I assert that' there is no power
given in the Constitution to Congress to legis-
late upon any substantive crime, or substantive
offense, outside of the paragraphs read, and the
section concerning "treason," (section three,
article three,) except in the District of Colum-
bia, the Territories, forts, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, and other needful buildings of the
United States, in which Congress has the sole
and exclusive power of legislating upon all
civil and criminal matters. (Section eight,
article one, and section three, article four,
Constitution.) In further support of my posi-
tion, I refer to the special jurisdictions given
the judiciary of the United States in section
two, article three, of the Constitution ; all of
which is incompatible with general jurisdiction.
I have used the terms "substantive crimes,"
and "substantive offenses," as contradistin-
guished from those crimes or offenses which
grow out of and are dependent upon the vio-
lation of the'powers granted by the States,
in the Constitution, to the General Govern-
ment. _ Offenses or crimes which are made
suich simply because they are in violation of
those powers, or laws thereunder, may be
termed dependent or incidental offenses or
crimes.
Let me illustrate this point further. The
Constitution confers on Congress power to
establish post roads, to levy taxes, import
duties, &c., and to exercise various other
powers which I need not enumerate. Now, I
contend that Congress, in view of these pow-
ers, has authority to legislate.so as to impose
penalties for the violation of them, or of laws
enacted under them. Offenses arising from
the violation of the specific powers granted or
laws enacted thereunder are neither substan-
tive nor independent in their character, but
"dependent" and "incidental." Take, for
instance, murder, manslaughter, larceny, any
substantive crime existing as such by the com-
mon law, and Congress and the courts of the
United States, have no jurisdiction over them
in the States under the Constitution, for the
reason that they are not dependent upon the
violation of any act of Congress, but exist
regardless of it. As nothing is said with ref-
erence to such crimes in the Constitution in
connection with the States, 1 infer that the dele-
gates who framed it never intended to give the
General Government jurisdiction over them in
the States.
Mr. Speaker, there is further evidence of
the fact that no such intention was entertained
by the framers of the Constitution. That
instrument contains this provision, (Art. 4,
sec. 4:)
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
when the Legislature cannot be convened, against
domestic violence."
Now, sir, I will ask gentlemen who contend
that full jurisdiction is given to the United
States Government.over the domestic affairs
of the States, where was the necessity of such
a provision as this, almost at the close of
the Constitution, if the general authority over
these matters had already been given? Why
was this specific provision inserted author-
izing the United States to suppress "domes-
tic troubles" in the States when notified
thereof by the Executive or by the Legislature?
Upon one hypothesis, and only one, can it be
answered, and that is that the States had not
granted to the General Government any power
over their doipestic disturbances, and did not
intend that the national Government should
have anything to do with them unless invited
to aid the sovereignty of> the States in sup-
pressing them.
In cases of invasion, insurrection, and rebel-
lion jurisdiction is plainly given to the General
Government. But in the case of " domestic
disturbances" all we can see is, that when the
General Government is invited it may enter
the States and suppress them. Is not this spe-
cific jurisdiction over '• domestic violence " in
the States fatal to the position assumed by the
advocates of the bill, that general jurisdiction
over life, liberty, property, and the rights,
privileges, and immunities of the citizen is
conferred upon Congress? Is it not fatal to
any jurisdiction other than that specifically
named, which is conditioned upon application
by the Legislature or the Executive of the
States?
Here is where the people of the southern
States erred upon the question of "State
rights." They failed to distinguish between
the right of the Government at all times to
enter the States to attend to national matters
and the right to enter to attend to " domestic "
or purely local matters. In the first no invita-
tion or application is necessary ; in the other
it is indispensable.
The President must enforce the laws apper-
taining to the General Government. This duty
resting on him does not, nor should it, depend
upon the will of any State.
The obligations of the General Govern-
ment and State governments are reciprocal.
In consideration that the States are under
obligation to aid in supporting and defending
the General Government, it is nothing more
than right that the General Government, in
consideration of the grant of sovereignty to it
by the States, should be placed under like
reciprocal obligations to aid the States when
called on to suppress their internal domestic
disorders.
Mr. Speaker, I say that, until invited or
notified, the President has no more power to
go into these States to interpose in theii
domestic affairs than he has to come into my
private residence and endeavor to control the
domestic affairs of my house and my family.
Now, then, if the President of this national
Government which we have established for the
purpose of national defense should interfere
in the domestic affairs of the States, or seek to
enforce the laws thereof, without being called
upon by the Legislature or Governor, he makes
himself a trespasser upon the sovereignty of
the States, and should be impeached, unless
the State authorities are in complicity with
the disturbers of the peace or afraid to make
application to the President for aid. In such
cases the spirit of the Constitution requires
that he should suppress the disturbances with-
out waiting to be called on.
In addition I might further add that the fact
that specific powers are granted in the Constitu-
tion is conclusive that the States never intended
to convey general powers to the General Gov-
ernment over the domesticaffairs of the States.
Why should special powers be granted, if it
was intended to give the General Government
power to legislate upon the rights of person
and property, and overall the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of a citizen without limit,
as is contended by honorable members upon
this floor. The grant of "specific power"
has ever been held a limitation upon "general
power." And in support of this position I
shall read a few extracts out of the thousat.ds
which might be read to the same effect from
decisions of the United States Supreme Court.
Says that court:
The several States of the Union became entitled,
on the4th o? Jub, 1770, (o all the rights anu pow-
ers of sovereign States as respects thoir internal
regulation."—4 Ciunch, 209; 12 Peters,
Again :
" Wi!h the exception of the powers eurrondered
to the United States Government by the Constitu-
tion of the United Stales, the people ot Iho soveial
States arc absolutely and unconditionally sovereign
within their respective territories."—1 tyHaward, 428.
