1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
armed men rode up to the house where the sheriff
was keeping the five men., and, after a pica or two
from persons present in behalf of the prisoners, they
quietly said to the sheriff 'Hands offP and bound
the five men.
"After considerable pleading they permitted
brother Luke to write to his wife and a little time
to pray. (I will inclose a copy of his letter, which
was found sticking to a rail next morning.)
" They then took them half a mile from town and
hung them to three trees by the roadside.
"'Two apparently were taken down and shot to
provide ropes for the others.
\* At the coroner's inquest on Monday all five were
laid side by side, with their hats turned over their
faces and a rail pen put around them.
"The friends of Luke with difficulty and danger
succeeded in getting his body Tuesday morning, and
buried it in Talladega. The friends and relatives
of the others dared not go near their bodies, as they
lay there alone, under one of the trees on which they
wore hung.
"They wore buried by the town a day ortwo later.
"Luke's funeral was attended by many of the lead-
ing citizens, white and black, of whom nota few felt
that this was the deepest affliction of their lives."
Copy of the letter written by W. C. Luke to his wife on
the night of his death by hanging.
Patona, July 11, 1870.
My Dear Wipe: I die to-night. It has been so
determined by those who think I deserve it. God
knows I feel myself innocent. I have only sought
to educate the negro.
I little thought when leaving you so far away that
we should thou part forever.
God's will be done 1 He will bo to you a better
husband than I have been, and a father to our six
little ones.
Thoro is in the company's hands about two hun-
dred dollars of my money; also my trunk and clothcs
arc here.
You can send for them or let Henry come for
thorn as you think best.
God of mercy bless and keep you, my dear, dear
wile and children I
Your WILLIAM.
Let each member of the House read that
letter, and ponder on the circumstances of his
death, as published in a Christian magazine,
no word of which has ever been denied, and
then let him vote against a bill to repress such
outrages if he dare 5 and then reckon with the
people of his country, and afterward with his
God!
Florida.
Here it is also true that we have a Repub-
lican Governor and a Republican Legisla-
ture; but the Legislature is powerless to pro-
tect its members, and the Governor is ineffi-
cient or powerless to execute the laws; or else
both are as supine and senseless upon this sub-
ject as we hitherto have been in Congress.
The honorable Mr. Hamilton, our colleague in
the last Congress, came to me in the House
when we were voting the other day to adjourn
this Congress finally, without doing any busi-
ness, or afford any protection to life and prop-
erty in his. State, under the resolution intro-
duced by my colleague, and, with tears stand-
ing in his eyes, informed me that his friend and
representative from the county in which he has
his home was murdered by the Ku KluxKlan,
his only offense being that he was so popular
with the community among whom he lived that
lie was the only Republican in the county who
could carry it in the coming election against
a Democratic competitor.
Eveninvalidwomen, who havebeentempted
to seek a home in that milder climate to eke
out a life periled by disease, are not safe from
outrage ; and by the judgment of the court
there is no law in Florida to protect them.
Let me read to you extracts from two letters
whichl have received from gentlemen of stand-
ing and probity even while this bill is under
discussion, and whose name, for reasons that
appear in the postscript to one of them, I sup-
press, in proof of the fact that the laws of the
United States do not even protect the occu-
pants in the peaceful possession of property
purchased from the Government, to say noth-
ing of that owned by a less valid title;
St. Augustine, Florida, March 20,1871.
Dear Sir: * * * *•* Hordes of ruthless,
armed men, scarcely less desperate than savages,
within the past three days, entered by force and
took possession of property purchased by loyal citi-
zens from the agents of t.he United States Govern-
ment, and occupied by feeble, invalid ladies; and
by these armed men these ladies, with their furniture
and their protectors, wore forcibly thrust out of
doors. And the intruders now hold possession u.
fearless defiance of any law that now exists* as
through fear or prejudice all existing laws are
inoperative. * * * * * *
Hon. Benj. F. Butler, M. C., Washington, D. G.
St. Augustine, Florida, March 24,1871.
Dear Sir: The case of outrage against loyal citi-
zens of the South, who were invalid, timid ladies,
by a disloyal horde of semi-savages, reported to you
in my respects of tho20th instant, culminated on the
22d instant in this wise:
Complaint and affidavit had been made before a
justice of the peace against the invading parties for
a violation of the peace in entering by force and vio-
lence, and without pretense of law, and forcibly
ejecting the persons and property of the loyal and
lawful occupants and representatives of tho owner
of the premises, and asking that they might be
restrained and held by sureties for their future peace.
The justice, on hearing counsel at the opening of
thecase, very gravely decided that ho "failed to find
any law in the statute-books making it an offense to
enter alio use unlawfully," and forthwith "dismissed
the (ten or twelve) accused with costs to the com-
plainant/'
The foregoing will serve to illustrate and confirm
the statement made in my previous reports, tha-
our laws are inoperative in all cases where thecont
flict is between loyal and disloyal persons.
lieiterating our most earnest prayer for some
immediate relief from all such and similar outrages,
I remain, dear sir, very respoctfully, your obedient
servant.
[Name suppressed for prudential reasons,]
Hon. Ben-j. F. Butler, M. 0., Washington, D. G.
P. S.—Pending and during tho aforenamed pro-
ceedings, repeated threats and intimidations wore
made by these disloyal parties, that paities taking
sides against these outrages ought to be driven out
of town, and that they had bettor be careful and not
be found in certain localities in the woods, or they
would be in dan ger of assassination in ambush.
Mark the complacency with which the Florida
Justice Dogberry writes himself down an ass
by declaring that there is no law in that State
to prevent the forcible entrance of armed men
upon the property in peaceable possession of
others, turning them out, and keeping them
out by force of arms. If that be true, is it not
time that a bill was passed making an unlaw-
ful bandiug together tfo do any act to deprive
any citizen of the United States of the peace-
able enjoyment of life, liberty, and property
g&arantied him by the Constitution a crime
under the laws of the United States, so that
the Constitution may become operative to
give the citizen peace and protection under it?
Georgia.
The affairs of this State have been fully dis-
cussed before the House again and again. The
attempt to change a legislative majority by the
murder of enough men to alter that majority ;
the violently thrusting from their seats of the
duly elected members, and putting others not
elected in their seats, which caused Congress
to remand the State for a time again under
military rule, and the fact that there have been
for mouths past columns of advertisements by
the Governor containing offers of reward, in
the aggregate amounting to $40,000, for the
detection of eight different murders and out-
rages, not one of which rewards has been
claimed ; not one of the perpetrators of which
has been punished, shows that the Governor,
however well disposed, is powerless by the
ordinary process of judicial and State execu-
tive power to protect the citizens against mid-
night bands of stealthy ruffians.
South Carolina.
The Executive of the State of South Caro-
lina having found it necessary to call upon the
President of the United States for interposi-
tion of arms renders it unimportant to produce
evidence that in that State, at least, the State
authorities are overborne by these organized
bands. The President has issued his proc-
lamation, under the law as it now stands, com-
manding these armed insurgents to disperse;
but as they assemble each night and disperse
with the rising sun each morning, such a proc-
lamation, although required by law, seems
almost as ludicrous as it is futile.
But how was the proclamation of your Presi-
dent—the only exhibition of executive power
he could under the laws make—received by
these sworn banditti? Let the murderous facts
answer. After your President's proclamation
was published there, we hear that Dr. Win-
smith, aresident and native of the State, a man
venerable in years, loved in his community for
the probity and virtues of his character, hav-
ing filled many offices of trust and honor, was
ruthlessly murdered at night by one of these
bands who gather at night and disperse in the
morning without any presidential proclama-
tion. This act was done near the town of
Spartanburg,_ and I append the sworn testi-
mony of a witness as to the existing state of
outrage in that community :
Spartanburg, South Carolina :
Personally appeared Henderson Cash before me,
Enoch Cannon, notary public, and made oath that
tie was always loyal to the United States Govern-
ment; that he isnowforced to denounce the Federal
Itepublican party to save his life, and that tho Ku
Klux bad given him notice if he didnot denounce Re-
publicanism that they would kill him; and that they
had been to and broke into his house on the night
of tho 25th of February; but that he (Cash) was in
the forest, as usual, for the safety of his life. Said
Cash further says that there is a general reign of
terror in tho community, which is in tho commun-
ity of Cowpens battle-ground, Spartanburg county,
South Carolina, and that loyal men are afraid to
sleep at home in consequence of the many brutal
outrages inflicted upon loyal men for the support of
tho Itepublican party.
Sworn to, &c. E. CANNON, Notary Public.
Your President's proclamation, therefore,
and all the forcc of your Constitution and laws,
arenowpowerless to protect the life of an hon-
ored citizen on your own soil under the flag,
to sustain which as a symbol of your power
you sacrificed three hundred thousand lives
and five thousand millions of treasure. Now,
indeed, it seems as if our sons and brothers
died in vain.
Bear with me, even in the fleeting moments
of time which remain, while I call the atten-
tion of the House a little more in detail to
these crimes; to the condition of this new
rebellion against the laws of the United States
in South Carolina. She had the bad eminence
to lead off in the late rebellion, and her people,
by their lawless acts, entitle her to a like bad
prominence in this new one.
In the beginning of this session of Congress,
in the discussion of the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana that the committees should
be appointed by the Speaker, so that we might
proceed in legislation, I offered to have read
as a portion of my remarks an official report
of the chief constable of that State, showing
that since the 20th of October last, in five
counties only, more than twenty men had been
murdered, including two judges of probate, a
legislator, and a county commissioner; that
jails had been broken open, ten men taken
therefrom and eight hanged, and that hundreds
of men and women had been whipped, or were
fleeing for their lives to the woods and swamps
to protect themselves from rapine and murder.
This official report was ruled inadmissible by
the Chair upon the objection of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] who now stands
here denying that there are any outrages in
the South demanding our interposition, while
he objects to official evidence thereof being
received, upon theground, I suppose—for none
was stated, and I confess my ignorance of
parliamentary law—that it was not proper to
show that a state of anarchy existed in a por-
tion of the States of this Union as a reason
why committees should be appointed, so that
we could proceed to legislate to remedy the
evil.
The gentleman from New York, having
smothered the official evidence of the facts,
stands up here and reads by the hour, more or
less, the common place phrases of the Gov-
ernors of States, in their annual messages,
wherein they flatter their people, in the hope
of reelection, as evidence that all is quiet at
the South, while he objects to the reading of
the official report of twenty murders.
The movement was keen, astute, foxy,
worthy of its author, but will deceive only
himself.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
was driven to still greater strait for evidence
