210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Johnston.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
offenses, "conspiracies," are transferred to
United States courts. The State courts take
the yolk and the United States courts the shell.
The State courts take the kernel and give the
hull to the United States courts. This is treat-
ing superior intelligence, dignity, and position
with profound (?) respect.
But the section is open to another serious
objection. Under this section, if a conspiracy
is formed to murder and the murder is con-
summated, then the offenders are to be hung.
What for? Is it for conspiracy or murder?
]f for murder, then jurisdiction is conferred by
the bill over it. If you can give jurisdiction
over one substantive offense, why not all?
Again, where a conspiracy is formed to do
an act. and the act is consummated, by the
well-established rule of law the conspiracy is
merged in the "act," so that jurisdiction would
be lost in every case over the conspiracy where
the act is consummated. We cannot try a man
for an assault when a battery accompanies it.
The doctrine of " Merger" will not allow it;
so with a conspiracy.
Still another objection. The last clause is
in conflict with that provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States which says:
"In all criminal prosecutions the accusod sli:iU
enjoy n. speedy trial by an impartial jury of tho
Ktatoiiiid ilihtrifit wherein the cniuo shall have boon
eummitloii."—Sixth amendment Untied states Consti-
tution.
Tho concluding part of the section makes
the. offense triable in u district or State in which
it is not committed. This cannot be done.
Passing to the fourth section, I would remark
that it is au innovation upon the established
law of the land, in that it, seeks to change the
well-established elements and definition of
what it takes to constitutes "rebellion." We
have laws upon our statute-books now against
rebellions and insurrections. Can it be that
we fought through the lute rebellion and have
no sufficient law upon the subject? The fact
that a change is sought causes me to mistrust.
There can be but one interpretation to it. An
object is to be accomplished. It is desired to
.suspend I he writ of habeas corpus and declare
martial law in the southern States. This can-
not be done without war. Rebellion is war;
therefore we must make a constructive " rebel-
lion." (Section nine, article one, United
Slates Constitution.)
No war really and in fact exists, but we will
create one by legal enactment, and then get
tho President, to suspend the writ of habeas
/■orpua and declare martial law in the southern
Slates. This is the whole scope, object, and
purpose of tho bill. Was there ever a more
wicked, flagrant, and infamous outrage sought
to be perpetrated upon the people of a Gov-
ernment? And all for what? I will not say,
but the approach of November, 1872, and the
result of recent elections tell us too plainly
what, the purpose is. But pass this bill, and
then President Grant can " let loose tho dogs
of war" against those whom the bill is intended
to oppress and punish at his own will and
pleasure.
How much further this latitudinous, gum-
clastic expansion of the Constitution is to be
invoked in the interest of centralization for
partv purposes no one can tell. But on, and
ou it is going with rapid strides. By central-
ization of power in the General Government
the negroes of the South were freed ; by cen-
tralization the negroes were made citizens ; by
centralization the negroes were admitted to
tho ballot-box and to oifice ; by centralization
the white people of the South lost millions and
billions of dollars ; by centralization they were
disfranchised and made political slaves ; and
now, by the centralized power claimed in this
lull, you strike down State governments, State
sovereignty, and State rights, create a con-
structive rebellion, a constructive war, suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, establish martial
law, overturn civil governments, and lay again
prostrate at the feet, of the United States Gov-
ernment millions of the white people of the
southern States; and all that they may be
humiliated and the dominant party retained
in power.
May I not be permitted in behalf of that
people to exclaim, " How long, oh, how long
will it be before the day of your deliverance
comes?" President Madison, as with pro-
phetic ken, saw this period when he said :
"The legislative department is everywhere ex-
tending tho sphoro of its activity and drawing all
power into its impetuous vortex."—Federalist, No.
•18, page 199.
And yet, with all these admonitions, and the
ceaseless cry of "centralization " ringing in
our ears from day to day, we are told by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kklley]
it is useless to cry out "unconstitutionality"
against the bill; that he has heard that cry in
this House ever since 1851. The records and
history of the country will show whether there
was justification for it or not. While I would
not attempt to justify it in all respects, yet he
has nothing to boast of, for well do I remem-
ber the legalizing and indemnity acts, and
acts preventing appeals to the Supreme Court
passed by Congress to avoid having the con-
stitutionality of laws called in question.
But,, nevertheless, that tribunal has had the
audacity from time to titneto cry out " uncon-
stitutionality," too. In 4 Wallace, 115, the
military law was decided unconstitutional; in
8 Wallace, 003, the "legal-tender" act was
decided unconstitutional; and in 0 Wallace
the habeas corpus act was decided unconsti-
tutional ; and but a few weeks since I saw it
stated in tho newspapers that that august tri-
bunal had decided the cotton tax unconsti-
tutional. IIow many more have been or how
many more will be decided unconstitutional I
am not advised ; but [ am sure that, taking these
facts in connection with the remark of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kakxkworth,] made
here on this floor a few days ago, I do not
think they place the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kei.uoy] in a position that lie can
consistently rise in his seat and flaunt in our
faces the admonition that "you may cry 'un-
constitutionality' as much as you please, but
tho principles and policies of the great, Repub-
lican party must be carried out." With this
evidence of encouragement I think we should
feel stimulated to a greater degree of energy
and activity, and continue to "cry aloud and
spare not."
And now, in conclusion, and in response to
the incendiary rhetorical flourish and refrain
of the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Keuley,] permit me to say to the
advocates of this bill; Do not, dream that
these States can be robbed of their sovereignty
and just balance of power in this mighty Re-
public with impunity. They know what liberty
is, and knowing, dare maintain it; the worm
will turn and sting. If we do not interpose to
give them safety, and you have not the gener-
osity to do it, beware—I repeat, beware ; for
the day will come when, for every State that
is robbed of its sovereignty and trampled
under foot, millions of hearts will, as in the
days of the Revolution, be made to throb and
sympathize with outraged patriotism, and this
continent, be lighted up with the fires of civil
liberty from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and
from the lakes on the North to the Gulf on the
South, and when hundreds of thousands of
beacon-fires shall illume the midnight sky as
the signal for freemen to rally in the defense
of their liberties. And when our soil shall have
been drenched m human gore, and tyrants,
usurpers, and despots hurled from their places
in the legislative halls of our country, then the
sacred jewels and mementos of State sover-
eignty will be Returned to their precious cask-
ets in which our forefathers deposited them,
and from which they have been purloined for
self-aggrandizement and party purposes by
political demagogues, libertines, and mounte-
banks.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. JOHNSTON,
op virginia,
In the United States Senate,
April 11, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. It. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. JOHNSTON said:
Mr. President: We have now under con-
sideration a bill which is understood to be
based on the report of tho select committee
appointed by the Senate at the last session to
inquire into the alleged outrages in the south-
ern States, and it will not be inappropriate in
considering the bill to examine somewhat the
report of that committee. I propose to do so
briefly. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] who offered the resolution under which
that committee was appointed, presented it
originally in this form:
Jicsolved, That as organised bandsof desperate and
lawless muii, mainly composed of soldiers of the lato
rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised, and
bound by oaths and secret obligations, have by force,
terror, and violence, subverted alleivil Jiuthority in
largo parts of tho late insurrectionary States, thus
utterly overthrowing the saicty of persons and prop-
erty, and all those rights which are the primary
basis and ohjoct of all civil govornmcnt, and which
are expressly guarantied by the Constitution of tho
United States to all its citizens, and as the courts
are rendered utterly powerless by organized perjury
to punish crime: Therefore,
The Committee on tho Judiciary is instructed to
report a bill or bills that will enable the President
 nd the courts of the United States to execute the
laws, puni&h such organized violence, and secure to
all citizens the rights so garantied to them.
In his speech in support of the resolution
the Senator said: u this resolution"—the one
which I have just read—" contains nothing but
what is stiictly true and he proceeded to
state: a every statement and every allegation
contained in it, although it is a melancholy
indictment, is, I am sorry to say, strictly true.'*
And he further stated :
"That tho Ku Klux Klan, as it is called, under
various names, is now a formidable military power
in eleven States ot this Union is shown by all con-
temporaneous history, as well as by the sworn proof
of great numbers of witnesses givew before one of
tho committees of this body. That it is a disciplined
band, armed, equipped, disguised, mainly composed
ot boldicrs of the rebel army, is tworn to by the mem-
bers ol tho order."
These strong, sweeping, distinct allegations
refer to eleven States. I wish to examine very
briefly how far the Senator has maintained his
indictment against these eleven States. Vir-
ginia was one of the insurrectionary States,
so called, and of course that State was within
the terms of the resolution ; but when my col-
league and myself interposed a denial as to
that State the Senator at once entered a nolle
prosequi and offered Kentucky avS a substitute.
He said that while it was true that the state
of things which he represented did not exist
in Virginia, although the resolution said it did,
yet it was a matter of no moment, as it did
exist in Kentucky4.
In regard to several of the southern States,
the States of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Florida,
the Senator offered no proof whatever to sus-
tain his sweeping allegation. As to the State
of South Carolina, he read extracts from the
Charleston Courier and Abbeville Press. In
regard to Alabama he read extracts from the
Shelby County Guide and the ISelma Argus
and Senator Warner's statement. As to Geor-
gia, the oply proof he produced was an extract
from the Koine Constitution. These were the
