450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
zt:
government; in still another the revenue offi-
cers have been killed; and in still another
murders of peaceful citizens have been done
by the hundreds—all the work of the same se-
cret, armed, and oath-bound conspiracy against
law and order. Surely, if ever the exigency
can- arise, it has now arisen for clothing the
President with discretionary powers to use the
armed force of the United States to enforce
the laws and protect its citizens.
But it is urged, on the Democratic side of
the House, that it is neither safe nor constitu-
tional, without the call of the State authorities,
to trust the President with this discretionary
power.
So thought not the Congress of our fathers
in 1794 ; so thought not George Washington,
who used with firmness and determination the
armed power intrusted to him in the enforce-
ment of the laws. We have heard diatribes
and denunciations of the President for sug-
gesting the necessity of this legislation in a
message ; yet if you will turn to the message
of George Washington you will find that the
power was asked for by him, and granted, in
a much lighter emergency than the one I have
demonstrated to be now before us.
We have heard their philippics, resembling
those of Demosthenes in nothing but the in-
tensity and almost scurrility of their language,
on the impropriety of trusting this power in
the hands of the President. But hear the
decision of Chief Justice Taney, in his cele-
brated opinion in Luther vs. Borden, wherein
he declares that wisdom and the Constitution
have placed this power in the hands of the
President as its best depositary:
"When citizens of the same State are in arms
against each other, and the constituted authorities
unable to execute the laws, the interposition of the
United States must be prompt or it is of little value.
The ordinary course of proceedings in courts of jus-
tice would bo utterly unlit for the crisis. And the
elevated office of the President, chosen as he is by
the people of the United States,, and the high re-
sponsibility he could not fail to feel when acting in
acaseof so much moment, appear to furnish as strong
safeguards against awillful abuse of power as human
prudence and foresight could well provide. At all
events, it is conferred upon him by the Constitution
and laws of the United States, and must therefore
be respected and enforced in its judicial tribunals."
In their eager denunciations of our bill to
repose in the hands of the President the power
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus when the
exigency arises, and to declare martial law
and establish military commissions, our Demo-
cratic opponents seem to forget that that power
is reposed now in every one of the Governors
of the thirty-seven States, whenever either one
of the thirty-seven Legislatures chooses to ex-
ercise it; and in some States theGovernor is
authorized to exercise it, when in his judg
ment the exigency arises, by standing laws.
And let me tell them, for their information,
that the power of declaring martial law and
suspending the writ of habeas corpus and try-
ing men by drum-head court-martial is at this
very moment being beneficially exercised by
the Governor of Texas in protecting the life,
liberty, and property of its citizens, with such
effect that in the State of Texas, where, before
the war, even civil law hardly had attained
footing, and the bowie-knife and pistol were
almost the ordinary methods of settling dis-
putes, no cry comes up here for relief against
Ku Klux; and peace and order are now being
so far enforced that the message of its Gov-
ernor, who is wisely exercising military power
in preserving the peace, is read by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] to show that
there is no necessity for martial law in that
State, where there would be no peace save
under martial law.
All honor to that noble Governor of Texas.
He has found the remedy we are now search-
ing for, and is vigorously applying it.
The Democratic idea seems to be that the
power of suspending the writ of habeas corpus
.and declaring martial law may be with safety
vested in every comparatively petty Governor
of a comparatively pel ty State by the Legisla-
ture thereof, but that it is unconstitutional
and, to use their word, " infamous,"' to intrust
that high power in the hands of a President
of the United States, chosen by forty millions
of people to administer their Government, to
be used when the exigency arises under laws
passed by the Congress of the United States.
I see before me on the Democratic side of
the House—and I ardently wish there_ were
more—gentlemen who fought for the Union in
1861, including the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mokgan,] and who are now denying the con-
stitutionality of the legislation we propose.
Will they answer me one or two questions?
Was the war of 1861 in which they fought a
constitutional war? Did not Lincoln call out
his troops under the act of 1795 ? Did not
the Supreme Court of the United States
declare that that was the "legal and proper
beginning of war?" For what purpose were
the troops called out? To suppress combina-
tions against the laws of the United States
too powerful to be resisted by the ordinary
process of judicial tribunals, as we are now
providing by law. Did the Governors or Legis-
latures of any of the southern States call upon
President Lincoln to send such troops down
there? If, as they claim, Congress cannot
constitutionally empower the President to send
troops to suppress insurrection in the southern
States, nray, why did they march at the call of
President Lincoln and take a commission in
that war to unconstitutionally oppress their
brethren of the South? Will the gentleman
from Ohio suspend for a moment his vituper-
ation of the Republican party and President
Grant to reflect upon these questions ?
Almost ev.ery Democratic orator, when he
declaims upon this topic, divides his speech
into two heads: first, virulent abuse of the
humble individual who now addresses the
House, because he advocates a law to insuse
safety to life and property and to punish mur-
der and felony, and there they join in full cry
of the whole pack—
" The little doss and all,
Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart, see, they bark at me;'
and the second head of their discourse is, accu-
sations against the President that he desires
this law to be passed in order to be able to
wield military power for his own aggrandi—
ment.
He is now in the highest position on earth,
the elected chief of the strongest Government
and the first and most powerful nation in the
world. For him there is no higher step in the
ladder of fame, no higher seat of power, no
higher reward than the approbation of his
countrymen for a nation saved, a Government
preserved, and its liberties transmitted unim-
paired to posterity, who shall bless his name
therefor forever. And they seem to forget
that once he held more military power, as
General of the armies, than could be given
him by the Congress of the United States if
we laid all the nation could now command at
his feet.
At the surrender of the braver allies of the
Democracy he stood at the head of nearly a
million and a half of trained soldiers, the suc-
cessful general, who had saved the life of the
nation, and he had the plaudits of every true
and loyal man. If he had desired to aggran-
dize himself by military power, then was his
time. But he disbanded his army and it melted
away, each soldier into a good citizen, " like
the snow-flake soft falling on the sod," all the
better citizens for having been good soldiers,
and the general himself took the position of a
subordinate, with but a show of military force
at his command, to execute obediently the
orders of the civilian-tailor President, who was
his not-much-honored chief.
If unholy ambition ever could tempt him to
proclaim himself dictator and overturn the
frame of government of his country, then was
his time, not now ; and if ever the form of
governmentcouldhave been changed by armed
soldiers against the .wishes of the people, it
was then, not now. But his worst enemy never
then accused him of the suspicion of such
design, and the accusation is now made only
as a miserable party war-cry of a spiteful and
unscrupulous opposition. _
If I were to pass criticism upon his admin-
istration—and it would certainly be the only
one to which it is, with any show of justice,
open—it would be that the President has been
too scrupulous in keeping the administration
of the Government too completely within the
letter of the laws, never by any chance over-
stepping its bounds, although sorely tempted
so to do, in order to suppress violence and
enforce order and peace. Such,_ indeed, was
the animadversion made upon it by my col-
league [Mr. Dawes] in the debate the other
day, when, in deploring this state of things in
the South, he said, substantially, that "we
had laws enough on this subject, but the fault
was one of administration." Be it so; but
that is not the fault usually attributed to a
reckless grasper after power or a seeker to
overturn the liberties of the people and make
himself supreme dictator.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
in his speech the other day, was kind enough
to say that, " If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is not leader here, it
was evident that he is master somewhere else.''
He does me honor overmuch. I claim no
influence nor power save that of a Represent-
ative of the people, striving to do his duty
without fear or favor, in urging the passage
of such laws as in his best judgment are for
the good of his country. It is the highest
position to which I can aspire, and one of
which I am justly proud. Would to God the
taunt of the gentleman from Ohio were true!
That President Grant could, under, the laws,
andwouldmakeme " master somewhere else."
Oh, for an hour of such power to rule the right
and suppress the wrong ; to save and defend
the oppressed and down-trodden; to stay and
punish the evil-doer. Then indeed should
midnight raider and the murderous Ku Klux
smiter of defenseless women and children and
the disguised assassin and burner of quiet
men's houses hang on the trees like ripe fruit
ready to be plucked, until every man's rights,
however humble, should be respected, and
every roof tree, however lowly, should be the
safe castle of refuge for its occupant from
Mason and Dixon's line to Mexico.
We hear many fears expressed lest our bill
to punish conspiracies for murder, arson", rob-
bery, and other felonies, when it becom'eslaw,
shall be used as an instrument for the oppres-
sion of the people. No good and just man
need fear its provisions. But let the wicked
conspirators tremble. Every man can escape
the stringency of its action by remaining a
quiet and peaceful citizen, and not infringing
the rights of person, property, or liberty of
another, and voting the Democratic ticket only
once at one election, and suffering his neigh-
bor to exercise freely the same privilege if he
is so benighted as to wish so to do. Let that
be done, and every Democrat, rebel, and Ku
Klux will be safe from its terrors. It is " the
wicked who flee when no man pursueth." No
hard-working and industrious white man or
negro at the South, who is laboring to support
himself, his wife, and family, to lay up his
share of the three and a half millions of accu-
mulations already deposited by the blacks m
their savings-banks since the war—a greater
amount derived from earnings of their labor
since their late masters ceased, in part, from
robbing them of its products than the _ entire
banking capital, outside of their principal
cities, invested by the whole southern white
population since the war—but what will ap-
plaud and bless our action. _
Gentlemen on the other side of the House
threaten us that if we pass this bill we shall
destroy the Republican party; that an outraged
and indignant people will drive us from our
seats. If they believe what they say, then why
