1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
4 2d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Johnston.
Senate.
heretofore been considered as necessary for
the elimination of truth, and take such stuff as
this for evidence, 1 cannot conceal my aston-
ishment.
Mr. President, Senators seem to be aston-
ished that the southern people are not always
in a state of ecstasy, that every one of them
does not continually have the old flag flying
from his chimney top, that every one of them
is not always singing hosannas to the Repub-
lican party. A very brief review of what has
been done by the Republicans, I think, will ex-
plain why it is that the southern people have
not that intense affection for the Republican
party which Senators seem to think they ought
to feel.
Sir, the southern people do not intend, nor
do they wish, to subvert the Constitution or to
overthrow the Onion. That is no part of their
purpose. Those who make such charges against
them misrepresent them. They desire to sup-
port and preserve the Constitution. They are
willing that this Union should be made pros-
perous and happy, and desire to assist in doing
it. They do not hate either the Constitution
or the Union, but they do not love the Repub-
lican party, for they think that party is willfully
plotting to subvert the Constitution, pervert
the Union, and to destroy the right of self-gov-
ernment in the southern States.
That they have good reason to think this, I
will show by reference to what has been done
in the South. It is not worth while now to
tell Senators, for they all know it, that the
southern people were impoverished by the
long war in which they were engaged. It may
be that some will say they brought all this on
themselves; but it is the fact, not how it came
about, to which I wish to refer. It is the fact
of the poverty and the destitution of the south-
ern people to which 1 wish to advert now,
without any reference to the cause.
Let us examiue for a moment the condition
of things in North Carolina, and see if the
people of that State ought to have any par-
ticular affection for their State government, or
for the Republican party which sustained it.
The constitution of the State of North Caro-
lina provides that the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be suspended; and yet what do we
find done by the Governor, the deposed Gov-
ernor, the disgraced Governor of that State?
He procured the passage of a law authorizing
him to call out the militia. He brought two
infamous men from a neighboring State to
command that militia. He instructed those
men to arrest persons and to disregard the writ
of habeas corpus, when the constitution of the
State which he himself had sworn to support,
and which he was bound to execute, expressly
forbade him to dti so.
Kirk, the hired and imported captain of his
■ banditti, testifies at page 12 of the testimony,
as follows:
"Question. Have or not writs of habeas corpus for
these persons been served upon you issued by Chief
Justice Peareon ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What was your answer to those writs l
M Answer* I answered that X held the prisoners
under orders from my chief commander, and with
orders from him not to make any return.
"Question. To make no return?
" Answer. To make no return then.
"Question. Who was your chief commander i
" Answer. Governor William W. Holden. My
orders were to hold the prisoners lor trial.
" Question. Will you state the precise ianguageyou
used m reply when those writs were served upon
you?
" Answer. X do not believe I can; X do not remem-
ber the exact language I used.
"Question. Who served the writs ?
" Answer. There were so many served I oaanot tell
who did serve them. There were as many as seventy-
five writs served altogether, I reckon.
"Question. Seventy-five writsserved?
"Answer. I think so; somewhere along in that
neighborhood.
Question.. Did you return the same answer in
each case ?
"Answer. In effect, I did.
' Question, You disregarded the writ in each ca§6 ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. By order of Governor Holden?
"Amwer. Yes, sir.
" Question. You say that writs of h'ibnns corpus
were men served on you which were issued by Judge
Brooks, of the United States court?
"Answer. Yes. sir.
" Question, Wb.it was your answer to them ?
"Answer. The same answer, in effect, as to the
others.
" Question. How long did you retain the prisoners
before you obeyed the writs issued by Judge Brooks ?
"Answer. Some of them were retained from the
14th or 15th of July, until the 18th of August."
Observe, Mr. President, this man did not
arrest the Ku Klux ; he did nut arrest men
who had committed crime, but he went into
the country and lie took up old, inoffensive,
law-abiding, quiet citizens, and kept them in
imprisonment from the 14th or 15ih of July
to the I81I1 of August, under orders at' Gov-
ernor Holden, disregarding in each case the
writ of habeas Corpus issued both by the United
States court and by the chief justice of the
State court. That is a specimen of the way in
which the Governor of that State treated the
people.
Again, sir, let us see what Governor Holden
proposed to do about another thing. Here is
his modest proposition :
"IfCongress would authorize the suspension by
the President of the writ ot' habeas corpus in certain
localities, and if criminals could be -irre-'ted and
tried bef'oro military tribunals and shot, we should
soon have peace and order throughout all this coun-
try."
Yes, sir; the same sort of peace and order
that reigns in Warsaw. This man did not want
to punish criminals guilty of capital offense
only, who by the laws as they stood had for-
feited their lives if convicted, but he proposed
to arrest criminals generally, men who rode
disguised, whether they committed any crime
or not, whether they committed a capital
offense or not. His proposition was that the
President should suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, take citizens who had not been guilty
of capital offenses, try them by a military
court-martial, and shoot them, although the
laws did not make them guilty of any capital
offense.
In the State of Virginia a condition of things
existed that I do not think has a parallel any-
where else. Af'ier the surrender that State
was leftwiihout a single law officer. There
was no judge, no sheriff, no constable, no
clerk—no law officer in the whole State. That
condition of things lasted for a good while;
and yet during that time the State was quiet
and peaceful and orderly. There was no more
than the ordinary amount of crime in the whole
State. Now, take the city of Philadelphia, of
Chicago, or of Boston, and remove the police
for twenty-four hours only, and what would be
the state of things? Half the stores in the city
would be robbed, people would be knocked
down on the streets, and crime of all sorts would
run riot; yet the whole of the State of Virginia
remained a inouih, or perhaps a longer time,
without any of the restraints except those that
the people themselves chose to impose; there
were no legal restraints.
In the South the Republican State govern-
ments have administered their States in this
way: they lave been guilty of the most reck-
less extravagance; they have made an enorm-
ous increase of taxation; they have been piling
up the State debts; their State officials have
been ignorant and dishonest, asageneral thing;
not in all cases however. Many of them have
been men who knew nothing whatever about
the laws of the country that they were pre-
tending to administer. They were generally
illiterate men, picked up there on account of
their vociferous loyalty, or brought from the
northern States. States which before the war j
were quiet did not have heavy taxes to pay,
were permitted to pursue their industry, had
judicial tribunals in which they had confidence,
were submitted to this state of things! 1
Now, suppose, for the sake of illustration,
that the old Commonwealth of Massachusetts
had for its Governor a former slaveholder from
Virginia; for its judges, rebels from some of
the southern States; for its legislators, people
coming from other States or picked out of the
alleys of Boston. Suppose that the judges
sold justice; that the Legislature of the State,
instead of increasing the public debt as the
exigencies of the State demanded, piled it up
like piling Pelion on O.ssa, mountains high,
the people not being able to see what they got
for it. Suppose that the Constitution forbid
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus;
that the Governor should enlist an army of
lawless men; iuipoit two infamous criminals
from another State to command it; should
instruct them to arrest without process of
law, and disregard the writ of habeas corpus.
Suppose the taxation ran from a leaeonable
amount, that the people could easily and
readily pay, to something enormous, would
that old Conimoiiwealih be serene and quiet
under it? No, sir; she would remonstrate,
she would expostulate, she would secede, she
would reb"l. she would do anything and every-
thing to rid herself of that intolerable griev-
ance. And yet, that is the state of things that
exists in North Carolina, and to a degree in
other southern Slates.
When the people are poor they do not like
to be taxed heavily and unnecessarily. Many
people in the South who were in affluence
before the war, whose families were reared in
affluence, have now to labor themselves, and
often to put their tenderly reared daughters to
work; and when after a year's hard labor and
great privation they have accumulated enough
money perhaps to pay their taxes, they have
not even the satisfaction of knowing that, what
they do pay goes to support the government.
They feel and know in many cases that they
are paying their money to an irresponsible
man, who puts it in bis pocket, and the State
never gets the benefit of it. 1 can refer to a
few instances in the State of Virginia. I ven-
ture to say that before the war,- in the whole
history of that State, there never had been
$10,000 lost by sheriffs in the whole State;
and yet, since the war, when the sheriffs were
appointed by the military there. I have the
statement of the auditor of public accounts
showing that the defalcations of those officers
to the State are $128,000. The same officers
collect taxes for the counties; and their de-
falcations to the counties are, I do not know
how much, but probably as large; and how-
much money they have collected on execu-
tions for individuals and not paid over I can-
not tell; and in very few cases are their bonds
worth one cent. They were in most cases irreg-
ular, having been taken by ignorant military
appointees, or the sureties insolvent.
i will illustrate that by one particular case.
Theraftras one William" Leahy, who was ap-
pointed by General Canby sheriff of the county
of Pittsylvania. He came forward and offered
his bond. The court before which he offered
it was appointed by General Canby also, a
Republican court. This Leahy came from
some other State, and the court did not know
him, but knew his sureties, and, knowing them
to be worthless, refused the bond. Pittsylva-
nia is a large and wealthy county. Thereupon
Leahy hastened to Richmond and got an order
from General Canby to compel the court to
take his bond, and the court was instructed
not to hear any evidence as to the solvency of
the parties except their own affidavits. The
sureties swore tbat they were worth the penalty
of the bond, and the court was compelled to
accept the bond, although it was well known
that the sureties had nothing. Leahy then
qualified as sheriff. After staying there awhile
he fled to Canada, where he now is perhaps.
He owes the State about five thousand dollars,
