214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Johnston.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
and the county of Pittsylvania between nine
and ten thousand dollars. Suithasbeen brought
on the bond and judgment obtained, and the
exscution returned "no property found."
There was not one cent's worth to be found
among all the sureties. That is one specimen
of the way in which this thing is conducted.
I-respectfully submit whether that sort of
administration of the affairs of a State is very
well calculated to make its people contented
and quiet and happy.
Mr. President, the outrages w.hieh are said
to occur in the South are very much exagger-
ated by, those who are interested in misrepre-
senting. We have a class in the South, very
mugh alluded to of late, called "carpet-bag-
gers." Among them there are some honor-
able exceptions; I do not speak of all, but I
speak merely of the species. They have been
the prolific authors of misrepresentation of the
§outh and*of great injury to it. A fellow liv-
ing away off on the confines of Canada, who
had no character and no property there, and
nevSr hoped to hold an office, gathering up
his bundle and a few greenbacks, goes off to
the South, thinking to find there some green
pasture to feed upon. He presently gets into
art office, and after holding a little while he
sees a better one and be goes for that. He
flits from office to office like a bee from llower
to flower, and gets the sweets out of everyone.
Of course his soul is filled with bliss, and ho
is ready to exclaim:
"Oh i if thero bo an Elysium ©n earth
It is this, it is this i "
When after awhile he comes to lose his
office and is expelled from that paradise, his
shrieks fill the air. Johnny Hook, shouting
Beef!" through the American camp, or
Shylock, when calling for " his daughter" and
" his ducats," "his ducats" and "his daughter"
were'nothing to him. He conies here to Con-
gress and recounts his unutterable woes to
anybody and everybody, slanders on the peo-
ple whom lie has been plundering, and his
representations are taken for truth. Hav-
ing been there, having had office in the com-
munity, having held every office he could get,
never intending to stay longer than ho could
bold office and- plunder tho people, having
done .these things, he comes North with his
pockets gorged with the money ho got from
Ilia Victims and misrepresents and slauders
thf rn.
If the people of the South can be merry
und^r this condition of affairs, they must be
like Mark Tapley, who invited trouble in
Order to show'how "jolly" he could b« under
tl^em.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mohton]
the other day7 referring to tho State debts that
have been iscurred,a.t the South and the heavy
taxation imposed on the people, seemed to
think that becausa someof the aortheraJStates
had big debts'and heavy taxes, it was imperti-
nent ia the South to complain. Our'northern
sisters are ao perfect and faultless that the South
is guilty of a Ku ixlux outrage in venturing to
suggest thatunnecessary and wasteful expendi-
ture or ruinous taxes are not agreeable to
her people even though northern States labor
under the.grievance. There "ilii very wide dif-
ference in the cases. The State ^of Virginia
contracted a very large debt, but it was before
the war, and she is now paying it. The north-
ern States when they created debts did it hy
their own people. The people who paid the
taxes imposed the debts. They were con-
tracted for purposes of public improvements,
of which the people got the benefit, and by
which they grew wealthy. They were content
to pay taxes of the expenditure of which they
reaped the benefit. But how is it in the South ?
Those who impose the taxes are not the peo-
ple who pay them, by any means. Jf you will
go into the State Legislatures there and see who
are that pass these laws, you will find
that few of them pay any taxes. The tax-
payers are disfranchised and have no voice
in the passage of the laws. The taxes are
imposed by those who do not pay taxes, and
they are paid by those who have no voice in
making legislation.
Admitting its to be true that northern States
have heavy public debts, still they have prop-
erty and means wherewith to pay ; thepatient is
plethoric, and a little blood-letting does not hurt
him. But down South the patient is in a very
different condition. He has been exhausted by
famine and by war ; he is lying on a sick-bed ;
he has scarcely any life left in him. Lying
thus prostrate, endeavoring slowly to recover
his strength that he may get up, and after
awhile walk and live again, he is seized upon,
not by leeches, for they sometimes contribute
to health, but by vampires, that suck the last
drop of his blood.
Now, Mr. President, I am very free to ad-
mit that there is crime at the South ; I think
there is sufficient evidence to show that fact;
but neither myself, nor any Democrat on this
floor, nor any Democrat anywhere that I know
of, nor the Democratic party, so far as I am
informed, justifies that. As for myself, I
abhor crime as much as anybody, and will go
as far to suppress and punish it; and so far
as crimes and outrages have been committed
there, they certainly do not meet with my ap-
probation any more than they would if com-
mitted anywhere else in the country.
I propose only to examine how far they ex-
ist, by whom committed, what is the purpose
of those who commit them, whether political
or not, and what is the true and real state of
the case. Before I pronounce judgment, I
want to have legal evidence of crime. Before
I convict an offender, I want to be sure that
he is the guilty party. I am not willing to say
that an offense exists unless there is evidence
of it, nor am I willing to declare that a par-
ticular mau is the offender unless there is
proof' to that effect.
The Senator from Ohio asked the other day,
what is the remedy for this comparatively dis-
turbed, dissatisfied condition of the South?
The remedy is very easily found. If you will
look at the statute-book you will find hardly
any law upon any general important subject,
passed during or since the war, that does not
contain discriminations against the South?
The statute-book is full of them. A law giv-
ing pensions to the poor old soldiers of the
war of 1812 and their widows cannot be passed
without putting in it something to discriminate
against the southern veterans. Those men who
fought in the war of 1812, more than half a
century ago, are disfranchised, if I may use
that term, in the law of Congress of the last
session. One way to heal the southern sore, if
there be one, is to quit that sort of legislation,
to repeal these discriminating laws, and let
every man, North and South, Bast and West,
stand upon precisely the same footing and have
exactly the same rights.
Then, sir, reduce the public expenditures,
reduce the enormous taxes. Wli£n the people
are poor, as they are at the South, they do not
want to be harassed with taxes, to have the
tax-gatherer always at their door taking the
last cent they have got and selling their prop-
erty. When they see the Treasury here with
$100,000,000 always in it, and this Government
paying off $100,000,000 of debt every year,
they think the taxes now assessed upon them
are unnecessary.
They are willing to pay taxes to support the
Government of the United Slates and to keep
up the sinking fund. Tiiey have no purpose
of evading these obligations ; but poor as they
are now, they do not want to be compelled to
pay such enormous taxes as they are paying
while this big balance is in the Treasury, and
to pay off all the national debt in a day or a
week or a year. Let the law as to the national
debt prevail; pay the interest on it; pay the
sinking fund, and levy enough to carry on the
Government economically, and the southern
people will contribute their proportion cheer-
fully. They are entirely willing to do that;
but when you go further and levy $100,000,000
a year or so beyond that, and have always
$100,000,000 lying idle in the Treasury and
pay $100,000,000 of the debt every year, they
say, "This is unnecessary; you are burdening
us; you are breaking us down ; we want time to
recuperate; let us pay reasonable taxes, and
we are content."
Then, sir, in addition to that, let what taxes
you impose be honestly collected ; quit taking
straw bonds from collectors ; quit sending there
irresponsible men who have no interest in the
community ; confide the collection of taxes to
men who know the people, who have an inter-
est in the community, who can give security ;
and let the people know when they pay their
taxes that the money will go into the Treasury
of the United States; let them not fear that
every dollar they pay will go into the pocket
of the officer instead of into the Treasury of
the United States.
In addition' to that, simplify the internal
revenue laws so that the people can understand
them. They cannot understand them as they
are now. And then leave the southern people
to carry on their own local government them-
selves, and remove all political disabilities.
Upon this subject I refer to what was said by
Judge Settle in his testimony before the Sen-
ate committee:
"Question. Could you suggest anything in the way
of a legislative or civil remedy for tho state of things
in North Carolina?
"Anuwer. Well, sir, I am not able; I have tried to
devise something that would meet our case, but I
am unable to suggest anything at present. I think
probably tho remedy lies in ourselves; let us work
it out. I do not know. There is a groat deal said
now about these political disabilities. Eor my part
I think, in the present circumstances, thatit isdoing
more harm than good to retain them, and for this
reason: so far as obnoxious mon are concerned,
tliore are men just as obnoxious to the quiet of the
country outside of these men under the ban as any
that are among them: and it enables all parties
there—and most of our people are politicians ; men
and women all talk out pretty freely—it onables
them to say, * Here is one set of men disfranchised,
and their slaves aro enfranchised to govern them.'
Well, it is but a small list, but it creates sympathy,
or rather they oan make sympathy of it. Still those
men vote, and they can selectmen equally as objec-
tionable as any qf themselves who are under the
ban. I have always thought that porliaps'the best
thing that could be done in that respect would be
to remove their disabilities."
There is the testimony of this man, who is
so much relied upon, as to what should be done
in this respect. Mr. President, we have a con-
spicuous example in history of how to deal
with the South. England had two dependen-
cies, Ireland and Wales. Both were in a dis-
turbed condition. She took one course toward
Ireland and another toward Wales. If we look
at the results of the two we shall see which
was the wiser course. Ireland remains to the
present day unquiet, unsettled, discontented,
revolutionary, disloyal. Wales, on the con-
trary, is quiet, peaceable, contented, and
thrifty. Now the question is, shall we pursue
toward the South the same course that the
English Government did toward Ireland, or
the course that it practiced in regard to Wales 1
Shall we have in the South a turbulent, dis-
contented, revolutionary population like Ire-
land, or shall we have a quiet, thrifty, pros-
perous, and peaceful Wales?
Sir, 1 can scarcely think that anybody will
have any hesitation on this question when the
experience of England has so plainly demon-
strated the wisdom of the one course over the
other. Mr. Burke made a celebrated speech in
the English Parliament on conciliation toward
America; it was one of the wisest speeches
ever made, and it is as applicable to the con-
