452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
of disinterestedness to save the Republican
party. Perhaps the party collectively is un-
consciously doing by this bill what the Irish-
man proposed when about to be hung—com-
mit suicide, to save its own life. But if the
effort were made by any one I should not ask
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
to be the victim. He tried it once and his
courage failed. I would select the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] He bears
a historic name as a believer in false plots
and as an anti-restorationist, in the time of
the Stuarts. His namesake, John Maynard,
was the friend and attorney of Titus Oates,
and accepted and defended all the marvels
against the Papists. He did more than any
man, by his cunning and zeal, to prevent rec-
onciliation in the realm, even atter William
of Orange landed; but lie earned his place in
verse by another act, in which his honorable
namesake has followed him, for after May-
nard had prosecuted Sir Harry Vane, it was
sung of him by Butler:
" Did not the learned lawyer Maynard,
To make good subjects traitors, strain hard 1"
[Laughter.]
This verse, though clumsy, seems to fit the
learned and credulous gentleman from Ten-
nessee. No one has strained harder against
amnesty or swallowed more outrages than he,
and while we could better spare a worse mats,
there will be something redeeming if he would
make such an auto daf6 as the French repub-
lican proposed.
EHADAMAKTHUS CODE : STRIKE AND THEN HEAR!
The expediency of this bill has been thor-
oughly handled by members from the South.
They know best the necessity for such legis-
lation. They know best whether or not the
allegation of outrages is true; or, if true in
part, how much is exaggeration.
I do not now inquire as to these alleged
facts. This side of the House has voted to
investigate. The other side prefer to investi-
gate after they shall have made their legislation
as strong as their own worst beliefs as to the
existence of the alleged facts. They practice
on the Bhadamanthian code as Virgil records
it in his verse:
"Grossius haso Rhadamanthus habet, durissima
regna,
Castigataue auditquo dolos."
[ Virgil. Ai'tieis, Liber VI, pp. 536, 537.
They will punish, then hear the condemned.
This is the code referred to by Coke, in his
Institutes, as a damned and damnable order
of proceeding, and fit only for the judge of
hell, and wholly different from the proceeding
of Almighty God in the case of Adam and Eve,
for He did not try them till they were heard.
It may, therefore, be inferred that a system
of trial or inquiry after the law is passed on
which the allegations are founded is worthy
of that nether world whence it escaped.
Will such vindictive legislation, without proof,
succeed? To refuse inquiry, and to punish
political offenses, even under an established
and legal mode, is to bury powder under the
ground. Its explosion will tear up the very
rocks on which our political foundations are
founded. Better burn our powder on the
surface, harmlessly.
FEDERAL FAILURES TO CONCILIATE.
You have already failed in such legislation.
We have had six years of that experience.
Your powers here and in the South have been
unshackled. You have reconstructed and re-
reconstructed; you have disfranchised and dis-
abled suffragan and officer; you have confis-
cated and harassed, and have had as allies the
bureau and the bayonet. You had a new set
of voters and their control; you had unlimited
taxation and its collection in Federaland State
affairs. You squandered revenues and you
created debts; you fed your vampires and
sept down your janizaries; you had negro
militia and military governors; you made
amendments to the Constitution and had them
adopted under duress; you fed like vultures on
the prey the war left for your hungry beaks :
you have glutted yourselves and parasites with
plunder; you have exercised your clemency
only to add renegades to your recruits; in
fine, you have had the President as the prime
mover in these exercises of caprice and power;
yet you have failed, and you fear to inquire
into the causes!
SIMILAR LAWS HOW IN FORCE.
Indeed, you have had laws, and you have
them now, on the statute, similar to one sec-
tion of this law. The act of May 81, 1870,
gives the Federal courts the jurisdiction you
reenact in this bill. That act punishes bands
and conspirators, disguised or not, who have
the intent only to injure, oppress, threaten, or
hinder the citizen in the free exercise and
enjoyment of any right under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, and you have
had the judges and other officers South to exe-
cute it. Am I mistaken in this? Here is the
law:
"That if two or more persons shall band or con-
spire togther, or go in disguise upon tho publio high-
way, or upon the premises of another, with intent
to violate any provision of this act"—
It (foes not stop "with intent to violate any
provision of this act," which was intended to
secure the right to vote; it goes on to say—
" with intent to violate any provision of this act,
or to injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any citi-
zen with intent to preventor hinderhis free exercise
and enjoyment of any right or privilege granted or
secured to him by the Constitution or laws of the
United States, or bccauae of his having exercised
the same, such persons shall be held guilty of fel-
ony, and on conviction thereof shall be fined or
imprisoned, or both, at the discretion of the court,
the fine not to exceed $5,000 and the imprisonment
not to exceed ten years, and shall, moreover, be
thereafter ineligible to and disabled from holding
any office or place of honor, profit, or trust created
by the Constitution orlaws of the United States."
My statement is confirmed by one of the
most respectable leaders of the Republican
party, [Mr. Blair, of Michigan.] He not only
found similar laws of equal cogency with this
in the statute of May 31, 1870, but under the
law of 1793. He said :
"My own judgment has been that this Congress
ought to have adjourned immediately upon its
organization, and my votes have so been steadily
given. I wished that the laws as they stand might
be thoroughly tested before we should attempt to
enter upon new and untried fields of legislation.
Many and very broad powers have been granted to
the Executive by previous acts of Congress, for the
preservation of order in tlie>lately insurgent States,
which do not seem to have been brought into requi-
sition asyet. "VVhypilestatuteupon statute to sleep
in your books unused ? If a multitude of laws could
bring order out of southern confusion, there ought
to have been a millennium there before this time."
Quoting the law of 1870, he said further:
"This seems to rile broad enough, clear enough,
and definite enough to meet every form of intimida-
tion,injury, or oppression of the people by disguised
bands or conspirators such as are proved to exist in
many States. Neither are there wanting statutes to
enable the President to enforce the laws of the Uni-
ted States. As eariy as 1792 Congress began to pass
laws authorizing the President to use the military
power in the performance of his duty, to take care
that the laws be faithfully exceutod, and never since
that day has he been without authority to call forth
the militia 'whenever the laws of theUnited States
shall be opposed orthe execution thereof obstructed
m any State by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings.' I do not stop now to refer to these laws in
detail, but they will be found very full and ample,
and will surprise many gentlemen, no doubt."
And yet, Mr. Speaker, this able gentleman
has consented to disturb public opinion out
of this Hall, and the public business in it, by
piling useless statutes of hate upon lawsof ven-
geance, to make confusion worse confounded,
to help the sinking fortunes of his party!
You confess that you now come here for new
laws to the same effect. You thereby confess
that your laws are inoperative. If your state-
ments are true, they are so flagrant a violation
of liberty and law that they fall dead.
CAUSES OF DISCONTENT.
It will not, therefore, be doubted that your
Federal legislation and its execution have failed
to produce content South. This much must
be admitted. I doubt not, also, that the dis-
content has taken the form of secrecy. It has
committed in many localities many heinous
crimes and outrages. I admit and denounce
these enormities, but as a legislator am I not
bound to fix the cause, so as to remove the
effect?
Measures of repression and usurpation are,
in their nature, revolutionary. The strain to
keep freemen down is sure to rebound. This is
one of those unvarying laws of human society
which Buckle would delight to reveal. The
statesman cannot overlook it.
Sir James Mackintosh has laid down a wise
rule for us when he says that in or after a civil
conflict, when the passions and turbulence of
men are aroused—
"Little quiet i3 left for moral deliberation, yet by
the immutable principles of morality, and by theiu
alone, must the historian try the conduct of all men
before he allows himself to consider all the circum-
stances of time, place, opinion, example, tempta-
tion, and obstacle which, though they never author-
ize a removal of the everlasting landmarks of right
and wrong, ought to be well weighed in allotting a
due degree of commendation or censure to human
actions."
Denying that there is any morality in the
conduct of the secret societies in the South, it
is indispensable to consider the circumstances.
What are they ? First, of time. This unlaw-
fulness did not appear immediately after the
war. The South accepted the arbitration of
arms. It began to grow and to grow con-
tented. The people South embraced all the
conditions proposed in 1867 for their State
governments. They abolished slavery, an-
nulled the secession ordinances and the rebel
debt, accepted negro suffrage, came to Con-
gress, and were received—how we know. Then
the discontent began. It dates from their
repulse here and your breach of faith to them.
The inferior race became, under the recon-
structed governments and the bureau and
Army, more or less troublesome in its new
relation. •
ORIGIN OF THE KIT KLUX.
It is a matter of fact that the Ku Klux was
organized at first only to " scare " the super-
stitious blacks. Horrid tales were told to
frighten them from " roaming about and pil-
fering." The- testimony collected in Mr.
Maynard's speech of February 14 proves this.
The Ku Kluxes visited houses " talking their
foolish talk." They were "mummicking"
about, whatever that means. They carried a
" flesh flag in the shape of a heart," and went
abouthallooing for "fried nigger meat," (page
21.) One of them (page 8) represented
that " he had been killed six years before at
Manassas, and since then they had built a turn-
pike over his grave, and he had to scratch like
hell to get up through the gravel." [Laugh-
ter.] It was very common for a Ku Klux to
carry an India rubber stomach, to startle the
negro by swallowing pailfuls of water. [Laugh-
ter.] It is also to be admitted, as stated on
page 14 of the same speech, that "political
reasons had their influence after the Ku Klux
were under way." "They were a disfran-
chised body," as one witness says, " and did
not intend to submit to such laws." They jus-
tified their orgies, their names, and their con-
duct on political grounds. So that, on weigh-
ing their conduct, we perceive that owing to
the conduct of the Governments, State and
Federal, these misguided men seemed to jus-
tify themselves. In fact, the worse the Gov-
ernments the worse would, a priori, be the
outrages. The sparsely populated condition
of the South; the inflamed opinion consequent
on subjugation and breach of Federal faith;
the example of their rulers in lawlessness; the
temptation to do in the dark what could not
be found out, and the obstacles everywhere
met with in their efforts, so often balked here,
to arise from the ashes of civil war through
amnesty, must all be considered in judging of
the remedy to be applied.
KODEL RADICAL STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Let me illustrate by a reference to the model
Radical State of South Carolina. The Presi-
dent has pursued the Constitution in that case.
