1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
He is called upon by the Governor, in the ab-
sence of the Legislature, though upon what
proofs we have no showing. It is proper,
howsver, to assume that he believes the disor-
ders there are so prevalent as to be alarming.
But to cuk<; them, that is the question; and
the question involves first a diagnosis and then
a remedy.
South Carolina has been infested by the
worst local government ever vouchsafed to a
people. Ignorance, bribery, and corruption
are common in her Legislature. Bonds by the
million are issued, the public debt increased
and nothing to show for it. The debt in 1860 was
but $3,691,674. It was last year $11,429,711 ;
and this year no one knows whether it is twenty
or thirty millions, nor how much is counter-
feit or genuine ! Her rulers contrived new
burdens in order to plunder more. On a full
valuation of real and personal property of
$183,913,367 the people pay this year six-
teen mills ou the dollar as a State tax and four
mills county tax. This is for 1870 and 1871,
and amounts in all to $4,095,047, to which
$300,000 is to be added for poll tax. In other
words, the value of the property is reduced
fiotn $489,000,000, before the war to $183,-
000,000, and the tax raised from $400,000 to
$4,250,000, or ten times as much. It is two
and a half per cent, on a full valuation, and
only chronic insecurity and disorder as the
consideration ! This is done by those who pay
no taxes, who squander what is paid, who use
the means to arm negro militia and create a
situation of terror, from which men rush into
secret societies for defense of homes, mothers,
.sisters, wives, and children.
Add to these grievances the intolerable
exactions of the Federal Government, not
only in taxes, but in laws, and it should give
us pause before we place that people at the
mercy of an inferior race, a vindictive party,
a oourt-martial, and a hostile President. The
people in their agony in that State actually
clamored for United States troops to save them
from the rapacity and murder of the negro
bauds and their white allies. Can we pot
understand why men, born free,' should rise,
or, if not rise with safety, that, they are com-
pelled to hide in Ku Klux or other secret clans,
and strike against this ruin and desolation,
peculation and violence, and that, too, when
it is done by those who are not of their race
and but lately in their midst?
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us whether he wishes to be understood as jus-
tifying the conduct of that organization?
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Matnard] must have heard me say half a
dozen times, while I have been speaking, that
I denounce them from the beginning.
Mr. MAYNARD. I so understood him ;
but his language just now was that they were
"compelled" to' do this; and, of course, if
they were compelled, their conduct must be
justifiable.
Mr. COX. I said-you compelled them; but I
have excused no conduct on their part because
your party happened to be participes criminis.
You are equally guilty, according to my argu-
ment, which you must have perceived if you
have been attending to inc. You are more than
a mere party. You are principals. The course
of conduct you have pursued toward these
men, your breach of faith, your repulse of them
from this House and from our common Gov-
ernment, have been the very fountain of all
this bad stream which now runs through the
southern country ; and the worse the stream
the greater your responsibility before God and
\t\n country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that. I un-
derstand very well that 
Mr. COX, I decline to be interrupted.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the gentleman's esti-
mation the principles of the party to which I
have the honor to belong are very reprehensi-
ble. But what 1 want to know is whether 
Mr VOORHEES. I call the gentleman to
order. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] has declined to be interrupted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] having intimated that he
declines to be interrupted, that ought to be
sufficient.
Mr. MAYNARD. I owe an apology to the
House and to the gentleman from New York.
I had not heard him decline to be interrupted
or I should not have interrupted him.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has heard me
say that I condemn this Ku Klux organization
from top to toe, inside, outside, and from every
side.- The conspirators here who have fomented
it, and the Union Leaguers who have provoked
it, and who by their conduct have made an
excuse for it, are all to be denounced. I have
denounced it from the very first. We denounce
all lawlessness. I proposed the other night, in
the Democratic caucus, that the Democratic
party should issue an address, not on the ad-
vice of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
no, sir; but on our own motion, to abide by
the laws of the land from one end of the coun-
try to the other.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman inform us
whether the caucus assented to the proposi-
tion ?
Mr. COX. I have declined to yield for inter-
ruptions. But I will say that the caucus adopted
my resolution for an address. That address
will denounce the outrages.
I hope I may not be further diverted from
my method of treating this question.
secret societies in history.
Recurring, then, to the invariable laws of
society, and with the method ftf Buckle and
the rule of Mackintosh in mind, what does
the science of history and the maxims of
good sense teach us as to similar diseases and
their cure? Is not the secret conclave, the
circle, the club, the league, the conspiracy ever
the result of bad government? Is not despot-
ism the devil which begets desperation? Is
not repression the father of revolution ? Does
not history show that secret political associa-
tions grow out of tyranny and persecution?
Aye; and that, too, though they may be ^t
first inspired by generous and elevated ideas
of human rights.
Whence came the Ilhmngs, so potential
within this century? From Weishaupt, a
learned professor of Germany. They spread
into France in the time of Louis XVI. They
spread over Europe. Kosciusko and Mira-
beau, men of action—Kotzebue, Schiller,
Schlegel—the genii of Europe—the liberty-
loving men of the new era—were its devotees.
True, these societies were stained with plots
and assassinations. Bonaparte tried to crush
them. The Tugend-Bund arose in Germany,
to counteract them, as the Ku Klux did to meet
the Union Leagues. They spread, with sword
in hand, over Europe. They were even found
on the banks of the Delaware fighting for our
independence.
The Jacobin clubs of the French revolution,
another form of unrest, were a consequence.
Their diabolical assassinations, open and se-
cret, were a protest against theignorance, privi-
leges, and prejudices of absolute monarchy.
The same kind of clubs, not so violent, -but not
less revolutionary, four hundred and fifty in
number, inspired the French revolution of
1848. They, too, were a protest against an
oligarchy which trampled on the popular inter-
ests. France to-day is bleedipg to death, gash-
ing and slashing herself in wild despair, under
the influence of similar secret clubs, the result
of that reaction which, by immutable laws, fol-
lows the repression and slavery of a people.
An oppressed people, as Curran said, will in
some way strike down their oppressors, even
with their own shackles.
All history shows that such societies grow by
persecution and that they are the bitter fruits
of tyranny. Illustrations rush to the mind in
throngs. The French power trembles to-day
from secret societies in Algeria, the result of
harsh and unjust laws. The Fenian socie-
ties are the effect of long-continued English
oppression.
the carbonari.
But the most conspicuous illustration, and
the one most analogous to the Ku Kluxes, is
that of the Carbonari. Their name comes from
carbonajo, (charcoal-burner.) Theremoteness
of the charcoal-burning establishments, in
forests and amid mountains, especially in the
Abruzzi, in Italy, was a protection to their
secrecy. Their ritual was framed in a wild
language. The object was to wreak vengeance
on their political oppressors ; or, as they ex-
pressed it in their symbolic motto, "Revenge
upon the wolves who devour the lambs."
From those rude huts in Italy they swelled to
seven hundred thousand under the oppressions
of their rulers. People of education joined
them. The growth of the order alarmed the
Governments of Europe, especially the Bour-
bons. After 1819 they joined the republicans
of France. Meu like Lafayette even joined the
society. It was the prolific parent of insur-
rection everywhere. In France it numbered
six hundred thousand. It was a dark and
constant protest against despotism and in
favor of a liberty. Men sought a covert and a
refuge for their wrongs, enthusiasm for their
sentiments, and immunity for their political
disaffection. Poland is now and has been
since her spoliation full of secret associations.
From the time of Ferdinand VII to the death
of Prim, and even now, under her foreign
king, Spain is menaced with them.
There is a horrid history and mystery about
those societies. Gun, infernal machine, and
poniard are their terrible playthings. Their
object has been and is to overthrow, not to
substitute. They desire to be rid of evils,
without a thought of the worse ills that may
come. They desire a new birth of State and
society, and they work for it with generous
self-sacrifice.
My conclusion from these facts of history is
that such societies were caused by oppression
and despotism, and they became more implac-
able and secret by the severity of the laws made
against them.
These Carbonari were to the south of Eu-
rope what the Muminds were to France, the
Tugend-Bund to Germany, the Fenians to
Great Britain, and the Ku Kluxes in the South.
They are at once signs of reckless discontent
and evidences of bad government; and, heed-
less of these lessons, we go ou here piling
severity upon coercion, as if we designed to
make the South one great protest, secret,
armed, and dangerous, against our authority.
Are we to learn nothing from history? Hal-
lam enumerates five essential checks, (Consti-
tutional History of England, volume 1, page
2,) upon the royal authority. One of these
was, no arrest wiihout a warrant; another, trial
by a fair jury of the vicinage, per judicium
parum et per legem terrce; and a third, that
the violation of personal liberty could be ex-
cused by no warrant, not even the direct order
of the king. In England it was Sheridan's
boast that not a hair of the head could be
plucked without legal guilt upon legal proof.
CIpon our Constitution were ingrafted these
rudiments of liberty. They are the elements
of Magna Charta : Nullus liber homo eapiatar.
Dead language—dead in this House truly—but
vital with liberty wherever English is spoken
or Latin studied. England grew great by these
elements. We observed them sacredly, and
prospered, till these latter unhappy times.
Their infringement is the source of the dis-
orders South. Their infraction by this bill will
only bring renewed disorders.
how to crush secret lawlessness.
Shall there, then, be no attempt to crush
these incendiaries. Aye, let us begin here
