454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
in oar midst. Are we so guiltless? _ Have
we been moderate and just? Admitting our
derelictions, the question returns, shall we
allow these societies to continue? Do they
not loosen the bonds of security and lead to
crimes? Shall they not be eradicated? Yes;
under the forms of law. Otherwise they will
grow stronger. Will you forever postpone
gentle ways of reaching them? Or why will
you not leave them to the States? Do you
.ask what is to be done where the State author-
ities have the power but not the wish to crush
them?
I answer that the States will be depopulated.
The States will feel it in every interest, and
should feel it till they act. Their credit would
be impaired and their resources crippled. The
greater the violence, the sooner it will spend
its force. Vengeance, like that of the Corsi-
can Vendetta, will track it to its haunts like a
sleuth-hound. The good will band against it.
Better let the South be overrun with it, than
destroy the Constitution by illegal methods for
its suppression.
I am glad to see that Governor Alcorn has
called on the counties of his State to put these
outlaws down by the State authority, and levied
the cost thereof on the counties which toler-
ates them.
Mr. KERR, When the Legislature shall
consent.
Mr. COX. Yes. He goes to the State for
his authority. The State is the proper source
for such powers ; and even if we had the power,
it would be unwise for the Federal Government
to use it. Surely it is better that the State
should suppress these domestic outrages than
the arms of the Federal Government. Con-
sider it on an economical basis. How many
troops, according to the account of these out-
rages, would it take to suppress them? There
is no telling. Yet by this bill we go on plung-
ing deep into—
"That Serbonian bog
Where armies whole have sunk."
By this bill you employ illegal methods; you
in fact declare martial law all over the country.
Upon certain premises in your fourth section
the President may employ militia, Army and
Navy; he may " take such measures" as he
" may deem necessary " for suppressing insur-
rectionary .violence.
Without now going into a minute analysis
of the bill, it is simply a coercive act backed
by the unrestrained violence of an army com-
mander, whose will is to be the only law ! This
is to be done upon one third, nay, upon all
of our country, and that, too, when tha party
in power have extended scarcely any grace to
lead the people in the paths of peace.
Admitting, therefore, all the facts alleged,
not extenuating their character if true, de-
nouncing all such disguised, secret, or noctur-
nal performances of the Ku Klux as wicked
in the last degree, not counting anything as
an excuse, eliminating all the provocations of
many years of the corruptand bad governments
you have set agoing in the South, I come to
these two inquiries: first, the character of the
Executive who is to execute the law ; and, sec-
ond, the validity of the law itself.
1, It is certain that the faith of the Ameri-
can people is much shaken in the modera-
tion, fairness, and civil talents of the Pres-
ident. His papers all, except his report as
General to President Johnson in 1865, breathe
a sullen and acrimonious spirit toward the
South. In foreign affairs he has employed
brave words and poor performance toward
strong nations. His vigor has been reserved
for a weak brother republic, to help schemes
which have more of a pecuniary than a patri-
otic quality. If in his hands is to be lodged
the absolute powers of this bill, it makes him
an autocrat till June, 1, 1872. He is an auto-
crat armed ; and his business having been and
being, force, he will use it regardless of all our
ancient maxims as to its subordination to the
civil magistracy. The bill gives him martial
law, and that law ia that of the sword. _
While my honored friend from Ohio [Mr.
Perry] confesses that the first two sections
of this bill are not new, he objects to the most
obnoxious section, the fourth, and
' For instance, it makes use of the phrase martial
law.' The bill would, in my judgment, be everjr way
equally effective, and it would give the President
the same powers, without this language as with it.
If this phraseology should be stricken from the bill
it would deprive its enemies of many means of mis-
construction, and would leave the bill substantially
what it is with that phrase in it."
Yet this gentleman, so learned in the law,
would do by indirection what he fears to do
directly—would give the President all the irre-
sponsible power of martial law, and yet hide,
like a Ku Klux, its ugly features under a visor!
He would establish over this land one Will onjy.
Electors and elected alike are at its mercy.
A newspaper article, or a clamorous demand
from a partisan source, will be its only war-
rant. Before it will lie prostrate forty millions
of people with their lives and fortunes. Such
authority should not be given even to the Father
of his Country, much less to the unwise soldier
who holds the destiny of the Republic. With
strong will and little knowledge of civil proce-
dure, he perceives only the lightnings flashing
from the cloud which his past policy haB created
over the South. He would, if wise, dissipate
the cloud ; but being unwise, he seeks to turn
the gathered fires upon the South. Where the
neck and rope are, the opportunity is apt to be
seized by the strong hand. I would not trust
the angels with such irresponsible power.
INVALIDITY OF THE LAW.
I come nex$ to the invalidity of the proposed
law, under our Constitution.
It is often admitted here in debate by gen-
tlemen on the other side that the war, with
its excesses, tore down the partitions between
the Federal and State Governments in many
particulars. Partisan advantage and popular
excitement destroyed the wholesome limita-
tions fixed by the Constitution and confirmed
by the highest courts. But in no previous legis-
lation has this tendency to grasp power here
been attempted as in this bill. After all our
coddling and tiukering with the organic law
and State rights, you have in this bill reached
that lower depth below which is only the roar-
ing waters of anarchy and revolution.
Who will deny that this bill gives the Presi-
dent power to send troops into any State to
enforce order, whether the State authorities
require it or not? Where is the warrant for
that in the Constitution? Does it not treat
these bands in the States as if in this District,
Or in the Territories, or in those places of Fed-
eral occupation where the Federal authority is
exclusive? Where is the warrant for that in
the Constitution?
I will not ask, is it wise to go outside of the
Constitution to repress disorders? Nor will I
ask if there be occasion. These disorders will
only become more firmly seated by abnormal
and vindictive legislation. But I will carefully
ask, as one sworu to stand by the Constitution
under all circumstances, for our warrant to do
even desirable or necessary things?
If Congress has anything to do with passing
laws for the protection of life and property in
any State, I demand the warrant. When the
President calls in his message for such laws
he transcends his duty, as we, by enacting them,
would transcend ours. He may use the force
of the Government to protect the mail and to
collect the revenue ; he may, upon certain con-
ditions hereafter considered, use force—mili-
tia or other—to enforce the laws. But this
bill preserves none of these reservations. It
is a bill to draw the sword; it fixes bayonets ;
it shoots down. It is pillage, revolution, and
murder ; for it is outside the supreme law.
Draw the line between the Federal Govern-
ment, with its general powers, and the State
governments, with their local rights, and you
will see at once on which side this proposed
legislation ought to be, but is not. This bill not
only dislocates and dishonors the enginery of
the States and their judicature, but it renders
them powerless over their own local police and
criminal procedures.
NO FEDERAL POWER TO PUNISH CRIMES IN STATES,
During this debate it is asked-by gentlemen
on the other side, "You of the Democracy,
when outrages are exposed, regret and de-
nounce, but find no power to Dunish or sup-
press." We are taunted with a suspicious
disinclination to crush the wickedness com-
plained of and confessed. We reply that the
powers are adequate, but that we do not locate
them as you do; and to an honest debater this
is enough, provided we do properly locate
them. I put the question to any one, with
his oath upon his conscience: " Will you,ifin
your opinion the outrages exist, and there is
no power in the Federal system to reach them,
break your oath to do it ? Are there not many
evils in our land, North and South, not pos-
sible to be corrected by the Federal Govern-
ment?"
This discussion leads me to a path often
pursued by this side in our debates before and
since the war. It goes to the very organism
of the Government. How often have we gone
to the fountain to ascertain the powers of the
Federal Government. Must it be done forever ?
Our view is familiar as well to the Supreme
Court as to the schools of the land, to the
treatises of Kent and Story as to the popular
literature. Turn to the Encyclopedia, (Apple-
ton, xv, 735,) and you will find, under the head
of "United States," that" the several States of
the Union, so far as their internal affairs are
concerned, are sovereign and independent,
while for the common interests of all they
delegate a portion of their powers to a central
Government." Turn to the tenth article ofthe
first series of amendments, so often quoted as
the key to the inner and true meaning and
spirit of the Constitution, and you will find it
stated that " all powers not expressly granted
by the Constitution to the E"ederal Govern-
ment are reserved to the States respectively
or to the people."
Remember that this amendment just quoted
was one of the first ten for which Congress,
on March 4, 1789, expressed this desire by
their proposal, " in order to prevent miscon-
struction or abuse of powers, that further and
restrictive clauses should be added." Arid
yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
says that—
"These eight articles I have shown never were
limitations upon the power of the States, until made
so by the fourteenth amendment."
All that Congress proposed by way of restric-
tion upon the States was that their form of
government should be republican, and that
no law or ordinance should be passed which
would conflict with the Constitution and any
law of the United States which pursued the
Constitution.
The Constitution was a grant of powers by
the States. Any of its amendments relied on
here to sustain this legislation, especially the
first series referred to, are "restrictions" on
the powers of the States. They add no new
powers to the Federal Government. They
have reference to personal liberty, trial by
jury, &c., and are an extension of the guaran-
tees which the citizen already had under State
laws. In the sixth article this is recognized
plainly by the clause that the accused shall
enjoy the right to a trial by an impartial jury
of the State and district wherein the crime shall
have been committed. Already, by the fourth
article and second section, the "citizens of
each State shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States ;
and its second clause is a warrant for the Fed-
eral Government to seize and deliver up fugi-
tives from justice from one State to another
State. They shall "be delivered up, to ba
