18T1.]
APPENDIX TO -THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
42d Ooxg....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
social equality with everybody else ; and, there-
fore, if any school directors should provide
schools for the colored children separate from
the whites and not allow them to mix together,
that would be, in his opinion, a deprivation of
the right of the colored child. If any hotel-
keeper should set apart a particular table for
the colored people who should be his guests,
instead of allowing them to sit at the table fre-
quented by the whites, that, in the opinion of
the Senator, would be an indignity offered to
them, a violation of the rights, privileges, and
immunities. If they are not allowed to mix
with the guests of the Arlington at the first
table of that hotel, or if they are not allowed
to take their seats indiscriminately with the
whites at the Academy of Music or the Opera
House in New York, that, as he thinks, is
a deprivation of their rights, privileges, and
immunities as citizens of the United States.
If he is right in all this—and there are other
Senators here who concur with him—then
every hotel-keeper, every steamboat man,
every keeper of a place of public amusement,
every school director, may be liable under this
bill because he does not give to the colored
people the absolute social equality of mixing
indiscriminately with the whites at places of
public amusement, or in the hotels, or on the
steamboats, or in the schools. Every railroad
company, if it sets apart a particular car for
colored people, though it may be as good a
car as any in the train, is, upon this interpret-
ation of the Constitution, liable to an action
in the Federal courts under this bill, should it
become a law.
Now, it does seem to me that in view of
these illustrations—and they are but a few out
of many that might be given—in view of the
great question, what are the rights, privileges,
and immunities secured by the Constitution of
the United States? when we undertake to con*-
fer such a jurisdiction as this on the Federal
cjurts we ought to define what rights, what
privileges, what immunities, in our opinion, are
thus secured and call for protection in those
courts.
But again, I have another objection to this
section. Have Senators noticed how compre-
hensive its language is? It refers to a depri-
vation under color of law, either statute law
or "custom or usage" which has become com-
mon law. It provides—-
That any person who, under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of any
State, shall subject, or cause to be subjected, any
person within the jurisdiction of the United States
to tho deprivation of any rights, privileges, &e.,
ohail be liable to an action.
Now, 1 put it to the member of the commit-
tee who has this bill in charge, does that include
the legislators of a State ? And when he comes
to address the Senate I hope he will tell us
what his interpretation is. It is a deprivation
under color of law, a deprivation which some
one shall inflict or cause to be inflicted upon
:>ome other; and now if the legislators of a
State pass a law which, in the judgment of
some person, deprives him of some right,
privilege, or immunity, and a district judge
of the United States should be of the same
opinion, I put it to the Senator, where is the
Clause that exempts those legislators from the'
action that is provided in this section of the
bill? I do not know what answer can be given
to this. They pass the law, and they are there-
fore the very persons who do cause the man
to be deprived of what is held to be his priv-
Suppose, for instance, the State of Ohio, as
has usually been the case there, provides for
schools for white children separate from schools
for colored children ; for the State of Ohio has
educated colored children almost ever since
it had a school system, but in general has pro-
vided for their schools being kept separate
from the schools for the white children. If
that is the deprivation of a right, privilege, or
immunity, then by the terms of this bill, un-
limited as they are, every legislator who votes
for such a law is liable to be sued in a district
court of the United States, and that although
he voted for the law under the obligations of
his oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and in strict accordance with what
he conscientiously believed to be the true
meaning of that instrument.
Let us go a little further. Let us apply it
to ourselves. There is no law in this country
that exempts members of Congress from re-
sponsibility any more than members of State
Legislatures. The Constitution provides that
we shall not be liable to answer anywhere else
for what we may say in debate upon this floor,
but for our acts we are just as liable as mem-
bers of State Legislatures, for they have the
same exemption. Supposea majority of Con-
gress shall pass a bill which in the judgment
of some district judge of the United States
shall have the^effect to deprive an individual
of some right, privilege, or immunity secured
to him by the Constitution of the United States.
It may be said that that does not apply, be-
cause the law that is here spoken of is the law
of a State, but in principle it would apply, and
if a legislator of a State ought to be sued be-
cause he voted for a law which he conscien-
tiously under his oath believed to be constitu-
tional, you should carry out the principle and
subject a Senator in Congress to exactly the
same liability. Need I say that such a liabil-
ity would be utterly destructive of the freedom
of thought and action that are indispensable
to the proper discharge of legislative duties ?
But let us go a little further. What is to be
the case of a judge? The Legislature of a
State passes a law. It goes before a judge of
the State court for interpretation. Under the
oath which he has taken to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and the consti-
tution of his State he conscientiously renders
a decision which another man, a judge of the
district court of the United States, may sup-
pose deprives some person of a right, privilege,
or immunity secured by the Constitution of
the United States. Is that State judge to be
taken from his bench? Is he to be liable in
an action? is the old maxim of the law, that
a judge for any judgment he gives can only be
liable to impeachment, to be reversed and that
judge dragged into a Federal court to be
mulcted in damages if the Federal judge, no
wiser than he, under no higher obligation to
obey the Constitution than he, shall be of a
different opinion?
Let it not be supposed that this is a fanciful
case. There have been two or three instances
already under the civil rights bill of State
judges being taken into the United States dis-
trict court, sometimes upon indictment for the
offense, forsooth, of honestly and conscien-
tiously deciding the law to be as they under-
stood it to be. There is a judge now in the
State of Virginia, if I am not misinformed,
who is under recognizance to appear in a Fed-
eral court to answer for the monstrous crime
of having rendered a decision which the dis-
trict attorney of the United States says is
erroneous. There is a criminal indictment
against him. And I believe the same thing
has occurred in the State of Kentucky.
is it intended to perpetuate that? Is it
intended to enlarge it? Is it intended to extend
it so that no longer a judge sitting on the bench
to decide causes can decide them free from ii
any fear except that of impeachment, which j
never lies in the absence of corrupt motive? 1
Is that to be extended, so that every judge of
a State may be liable to be dragged before
some Federal judge to vindicate his opinion
and to be mulcted in damages if that Federal
judge shall think the opinion was erroneous ?
That is the language of this bill. Whether it
is the intent or not I know not, but it is the
language of the bill; for there is no limitation
whatsoever upon the terms that are employed,
and they are as comprehensive as can be used.
These are my objections to the first section.
I come now to the second section. There
is much in this second section that I not only
believe lo be constitutional, but that meets my
approbation. There is much in it that I would
be willing to see embodied in statute law. It
is true that a great deal of it is already in your
statutes, and therefore it is a bad example
and useless to repeat it here; but if it should
be deemed necessary to repeat it in the par-
ticular form in which it is now proposed, there
is much of it to which I would not object.
There are provisions in it, however, to which I
cannot consent; and without attempting to
specify them all, for I do not wish to be tedious,
i will come at once to those to which I wish to
call the particular attention of the Senate.
In the first place, however, I wish to say that
this section provides a code of criminal law, to
a certain extent, and also confers a right to civil
actions in the courts of the United States. Tile
criminal part of the section is limited to the
punishment of conspiracy. For instance, take
the first clause of it:
That if two or more persons within any State or
Territory of the United btates shall conspiie together
to overthrow, or to put down, or to destroy b> lorce,
the Government of the United States, or to levy war
against the United States, or to oppose by force the
authority of the Government of the United States,
or by force, intimidatijn, or thivat to pi event, hin-
der, or delay th i execution of any iaw of the United
States, or by torce to sei^e, take, or possess any prop-
erty of the United States contrary to the authority
thereof, or by force, intimidation, or threat to pre-
vent any person Irom accepting or holding any otlice
or trust or place ol confidencc under the United
States, or trora discharging the duties thereof, or by
torce, intimidation, or threat to induce any officer
of the United States to leave any State,di.-h'iot, or
place where his duties as such oUlcer might lawfully
be performed, &c.
These are to be crimes. Most of them are
already crimes, 1 believe. I think most of
them are; but I do not doubt the power of
Congress to pass such a law as that. Congress
has power to punish treason by the express
terms of the Constitution, and I think it has
the power to punish a conspiracy to commit
treason, although there is no overt act. There
can be no treason without an overt act, for the
Constitution defines what treason shall be and
requires an overt act. But I am willing to
admit, at least that is my present impression,
that it is competent for Congress to punish a
conspiracy to commit treason ; and so it is
competent for Congress to punish a conspiracy
to deter or intimidate Federal officers from
discharging their duties or to drive them out of
their proper jurisdictions. All that may be
necessary in order that the laws of the United
States may be executed; that is to say, the
presence of the officers there and their free and
unterrified discharge of their duties are essen-
tial to the execution of the laws, and under
the power which Congress has to pass all laws
necessary for the execution of the powers con-
ferred upon the Government or any depart-
ment or officer thereof, it is competent for it
to enact laws to punish a conspiracy that shall
thus tend to prevent the officers irom execut-
ing the Federal laws.
But there is one provision here, to which the
attention of the Senate has already been called
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbuix,]
to which I am opposed. It is the amendment
proposed by the committee in the seventeenth
line of the second section of the bill. As the
bill came from the House that clause read
" or to injure him "—that is, to conspire to in-
jure an officer of the United States—"in bis
person or property, on account of his lawful
discharge of the duties of his office.'' That
is all right enough ; but the Judiciary Com-
mittee have amended the clause by inserting
the words "or while engaged in the" lawful
