456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
" About; the time of the Trojan war, or a little be-
fore, a Phoenician king was assassinated in the city
of Tyre. His widow was compelled to leave the coun-
try. and she led out a considerable colony. They
sailed down the Mediterranean until they came to
a place on the northwest coast of Africa., which was
afterward called Carthage. There they concluded
to make a settlement. But the difficulty was to get
a,foot-hold in the country, for the native princes
and people had full dominion over all the region
round about. After some bargaining they got a
grant, the limits of which were rather curiously
defined. It authorized the grantees to take as much
ground as could be inclosed by a certain number of
bulls' hides. Inside of that space the Tyrians were
*to have political jurisdiction, as well as a proprie-
tary right to the soil. But it was expressly agreed,
and all parties swore to observe the compact, that
all the land outside of the bull-skins should belong
forever to the original owners and be controlled by
their own governments. In other words, the pow-
ers, privileges, and property, not included in the
grant were reserved to the States, respectively, and
the people who were the grantors. The strict, that
is to say the honest, construction of this grant would
be to take the hides just as they came from the
beasts' backs, and lay them down, touching one
another in a circle or a square. There is a poetical
tradition thatoneof thequeen'scounselors proposed
to do this, buthewas an old-fashioned Jeffersonian,
and his advice was not adopted. The latitudinarians
cut the hides up into the narrowest thongs they
could make, tied them together, and in that way
included as much land as tbey needed for a large
city, with a great deal of outlying territory besides."
You are driven, therefore, to assume a power
which you have not, to make this legislation.
You not only cut the bull's hide into strips,
but you cut the strips into threads, and then,
dashing through the film, you exhibit your
" Punic faith " to the South, and hope by per-
fidy to compel an obedience that comes only
through kindness. Is such construction any
better than secession or any other assumption
of a revolutionary power? What matters it
from which side of the line of limitation the
expunging hand is applied? If the State robs
a power which she has parted with the red
hand of war clutches and destroys her. If the
Federal Executive and Congress clutch the
reserved powers of the State are they any bet-
ter? If you can usurp the State power over
crimes, why may not a State make foreign
treaties,, coin money, or abolish jury trials ?
If you can thrust in the Federal bayonet as
an arm in the domestic police without an ap-
peal from the State, you may also make a
Draconian codo of blood, establish drum-head
courts, anderectgibbetsin every county. When
you go outside of the Constitution you become
a despotism, absolute and cruel, however dis-
guised it maybe by the language of humanita-
rianism, and however merciful it may seem in
its execution. You may have order, but it is
the order of Warsaw ; peace, butit is the peace
of the grave. The very Ku Kluxes will be more
respectable, for they pretend to have provoca-
tion and to act without pretext of law.
Is there to be no halting in this spirit of
your laws ? Do you want to renew your power
in the blood and ashes of the South? Do you
require more plunder? When you shall have
reasserted your sway once more, after many
stormy scenes, will the union be different from
that which has been so often referred to here;
of Poland with Russia, or Ireland with Eng-
land? And if you thus pin the South by the
bayonet, will there be any more real sympathy
or substantial national feeling between the
sections—idem eentenfiam de republica—than
that which exists to day between Flanders and
Spain or Aquitane and England, after, centu-
ries of separation?
AN APPEAL FOE MODERATION.
I will not say, Mr. Speaker, that this reach
of power, beyond all the requirements of the
time, and to meet extravagant allegations of
disorder, is inspired by unworthy motives. I
will not_charge upon the gentleman from Ohio
any sinister design in seeking thus to aggran-
dize power in the hands of our military Execu-
tive. That official may or may not be contem-
plating an invasion of our system by the mailed
hand ; and yet this bill may be the velvet glove
over it for ulterior purposes. My duty is with
the effects of the bill. I say that there is never,
under any conceivable set of circumstances,
any authority to break our oaths or the organic
law, to suppress any local disorders.
The inexperienced and profligate govern-
ments South, so long as they are inspired by
ignorance and rapacity, will meet open and
secret enemies. This bill will intensify such
enmity until Mexico shall appear in all her
ehaos within our borders. But I do say, on
my responsibility here, and if it was the last
word I had to breathe about public affairs,
that these disorders can never be eradicated
while Federal patronage and executive ambi-
tion feed those disorders.
By all the lessons I have culled from his-
tory as to the wrongs of the people; by all the
graces which in better Governments pacified
tbe unresting populations after civil wars ; by
all the worst that can happen where a proud
and intelligent race are subordinated to their
inferiors; by the perils which belong to secret
and smothered hate and revenge; by the com-
mon love we bear to our venerable institutions;
by the hopes of the millions yet, I trust, to call
these institutions blessed, I beseech gentlemen
to pause before they add more and more to the
grievances, whether real or imaginary, which
are the procreanl cause of these civil disorders.
Gentlemen of the dominant party here, I
call on you to pause I Already the power
is slipping from your grasp. Do not teach
bloody instructions for your successors to fol-
low. Teach us that gentleness and moder-
ation which I hope to see pursued when your
opponents shall have control.
Do you not perceive that your neglect of
pressing duties here, within your admitted
province of legislation, is preparing your polit-
ical shroud? Do you not see that your taxes,
so inordinate, and your prodigalities so cor-
rupt, your failure to revive commerce, and
other objects of great utility are preparing
your graves. Know that the Connecticut elec-
tion, so triumphantly trumpeted here, is but a
little halt on the grand march. We lose no
member here by it. If you will put your ear
to the ground you will hear the tramp, tramp,
tramp of the coming Democracy ! I beseech
you not to cripple the powers of the States,
which may be your guard in some perilous
hour of that coming party. Lead us not into
temptation; deliver us from these evils, whether
open or concealed. Do not take from this peo-
ple that municipal spirit and local government
which are their birthright and their safeguard.
Yet such, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, is
the effect of this measure. It is supported
here without authentic proof. It is supported
on evidence inadequate to prove a debt, yet it
is potential to deprive a nation of its munici-
pal and civil rights. It is supported on evi-
dence too ridiculous to convict of the lowest
offense, yst it is used to support a charge on
which the liberties and rights of a great nation
are to be imperiled. It is monstrous to blast
the fame of one half of our people to enslave
them all. Gentlemen, I pray you to pause.
You are on the brink. Your legislation will
rebound. Save, oh! save us the possible, prob-
able, nay, certain, horrors to follow the execu-
tion of such laws by an irresponsible Will.
Save yourselves; ay, save your party. It has
many ennobling memories; it has in its midst
many gallant men, it has enrolled many splen-
did statesmen. Many of them have already
deserted its flag, but still you number gentle-
men, statesmen, and Christians. They orna-
ment your ranks. But I beseech you to remem-
ber there is no honor in pursuing with ven-
geance a discontented people. Cut yourselves
not off entirely from one half of our nation.
You will then flourish no longer; for, as
Brougham once said, "the blossom dies when
severed from the root and stem." Save your
country as an entirety, that you may continue
to adorn it. Save the Constitution, without
which the Union is not a band of States, but
the emblem of a roving banditti.
Has that instrument lost all its wholesome
terror? Is it like tlie battle-ax of Richard
Coeur de Lion, referred to by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] too great
for our modern pigmies to wield, a relic for
the sanctuary, an object only of reverence for
what it was, more honorable in its rust than
its edge? For its safety I make my humble
prayer, first to you, who have the temporal
power to stay your invasion of the Constitu-
tion and the flood-tide of blood, faction, and
ruin to ensue from the execution of this act.
Bat if I fail in this appeal, I then appeal to the
Throne of God for that mercy, in its abun-
dance, which we shall need when such vindic-
tive legislation is the law of our land.
Mr. COBURN obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman
from Indiana proceeds the Chair desires to
make a statement for the purpose of relieving
himself from some embarrassment. The floor,
during the remainder of to-day and this eve-
ning, has been assigned; and this was done
on the understanding of the Chair that mem-
bers of the committee who have not spoken
did not desire to speak. Two members of the
committee who have not spoken as the Chair
now understands desire to address the House
on this subject. The Chair, therefore, asks as
a favor to himself that the ten-minutes debate
may not begin until one hour after the reading
of the Journal to-morrow morning. Is there
objection?
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Coburn] will now proceed.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, the diffi-
culties now existing in the management of
public affairs in the States lately in rebellion
have been assuming a new and peculiar form
within two or three years past. That this con-
dition of affairs is not entirely unexpected and
unnatural as a consequence of the civil war,
may well be maintained. The mere commis-
sion of crimes, perpetrated with violence, in
that region is a matter of course. The system
of slavery debauched and degraded many, while
the existence of a four years' rebellion intensi-
fied the hatreds and enmities smoldering in
men's breasts. The dissatisfaction engendered
by failure and defeat, by the emancipation of
the slaves and their endowment with citizen-
ship and suffrage, was added to whatever of
evil had, outside of these causes, been bred
in that community.
That the former slaves and their white friends
should be objects of hatred and persecution
by certain persons might be expected, and the
boon of political power which fell into their
unaccustomed hands from those of their over-
seers and masters was so great a prize that its
tenure must needs be insecure. This political
power is the point of interest now, and the
struggle is just here, one party claiming a fair
share, the other the complete mastery. Free-
dom is assured, citizenship is attained, suf-
frage is established; the questions of power,
of supremacy, of management, of administra-
tion, have followed ; and the man whose con-
federate flag has fallen, whose southern repub-
lic has vanished, whose lost cause has become
a dream, now strives, in the Union, under a
mask, in the dark, in secret, oath-bound, and
stealthy conclaves, to rob him of political
power who has recently stepped out from the
burden of his chains and taken up the rights
and privileges of citizenship in the great, free,
equal, constitutional Government of earth.
These men, unwilling to resort to reason, to
persuasion, to the power of good example, to
the gentle arts of peace, to obtain supremacy,
still use the oid and vulgar weapons of terror,
deceit, conspiracy, whipping, burning, torture,
and murder. They have learned no good prin-
ciples from their hard experience; but, dogged,
sullen, deceitful, revengeful, and degraded,
they will still struggle against destiny and fight
the God of the Universe. They may k^ep up
the contest for a time, but they never can be
successful; something better is in reserve for
