218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April IB,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—-Mr. Thurman.
42r> Cong.... 1st Sess.
discharge of the duties of the office ; so that,
as shown by the Senator from Illinois the other
day, the lawful discharge of his duties may be
here in the District of Columbia, but by the
terms of this amendment, if there is a conspir-
acy to commit a trespass 011 his property in
the State of Kansas, which has no connection
whatever with the lawful discharge of his duties,
the object of which is not to prevent him from
discharging his duties, the object of which
trespass is not to punish him lor having dis-
charged his duties, which is wholly separate
from any official action or conduct or position
he holds, that is a criminal offense, That
strikes me as an amendment that the Senate
ought to reject.
Proceeding further with this section I come
to the twenty-ninth line on page 3 of the bill:
Or shall conspiro together, or go in disguise upon
the public highway or upon tho premises of another
for tho purpose, either directly or indirectly, of de-
priving nny person or any class ot porsons of tho
equal protection of tho laws, or of oqual privileges
or immunities? under tho laws.
Now, I have to observe in respect to that,
that nothing could be more vague.
Manifestly every lawyer in the Senate will
agree that an indictment drawn in the words
ol' this statute would not contain the requisite
certainty, and would have to be quashed, lor it
would advise the party charged of nothing in
the world with any such certainty as to enable
him to make his defense. Therefore, every
one will admit that in an indictment under
such a section as that, after the words charg-
ing that the parties did combine together or
did go in disguise upon tho public highway or
premises of another, with one of the intents
named here, that is, with intent to deprive some
person or class of persons of the equal protec-
tion of the laws, or to deprive thein of equal
privileges and immunities under the laws, the
indictment would have to go 011 further and
say " in this, to wit," lo deprive them of this
thing or that thing or the other tiling, which
is their privilege and immunity under the laws
or which is necessary to their equal protection
under tho laws.
Now, sir, I think it is a great deal better
for your'learned Judiciary Committee of the
Senate to (ind out what are these things which
it considers tho privileges and immunities of
the citizen, or what it is that it considers is
destructive of the equal protection of tho laws,
instead ot' leaving it to every ignorant district
attorney—and you have plenly of them, some
of them at least, who seem to have been
appointed almost for the express reason, one
would think, that, they had no preconceived
notions of tho law, and you have some judges
in the same category—leaving it to every dis-
trict attorney to (ind out what, in his judgment,
or to every ignorant grand juiy, composed
down South, perhaps two thirds of them, of
negroes, who cannot read or write—to leave it
to them to find out what thing it is which will
deprive a man of the equal protection of tho
laws or of the rights and immunities that are
secured by the Constitution.
I think that would be a curious thing. I
should Idee, if I could find amusement 111 so
serious a matter, to see some of the district
attorneys that I could name puzzling over &n
indictment under that section and trying to
find out what it is thrffc constitutes the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States, or what it is that deprives a man of the
equal protection of the laws, so that they could
attribute that intent to the persons who thus
combine together. For, mark it, Mr. Presi-
dent, it is not necessary under this section that
this combination should do any overt act; the
combination is punished 5 it is the fact of com-
bination that makes the oS'euse; and it exists
just as fully where they have done nothing as
if they had carried out their purpose; and so
it is iu the case of going on the highway it(
disguise with the intent named, and it is there-
fore a crime completed the moment they do go
in disguise on the highway.
The offense, then, being one that is complete
without any overt act whatsoever, there is no
such act to guide the pleader in drawing his
indictment as to what was their intent. He is
left to imagine what that was, and to try and
frame some intent to do something which would
deprive a citizen of some privilege or some
immunity secured to him by the Constitution,
or which would in some way, directly or indi-
rectly, deprive him of the equal protection of
the laws. And that power you give to a hun-
dred or more district attorneys throughout the
United States, and some of them so ignorant
that we have been compelled to take them as
make-shifts, because we could get nobody else.
And the same may be said of some of the
judges of the district courts.
1 say, sir, that such vagueness and uncer-
tainty in a code of criminal law are iu the
highest degree dangerous, and ought not to
exist. On the one hand, they make the law an
instrument of intolerable wrong and oppres-
sion, while, on the other, they open a wide door
for the guilty to escape. When crime is not
properly defined the people know not what
act is criminal or innocent, and the law is a
pitfall for their feet. Kesting in the uncer-
tain opinions of judges, it is one thing in one
place and another thing in another, and as
this judge or that judge construes it the inno-
cent, suffer or the guilty escape.
But, sir, to proceed. So far this section is
launched at offenses against the United States,
and in that it is right. So far, I say, unless
indeed " the equal protection of the laws," or
" equal privileges and immunities under the
laws," is lo apply to the laws of the State as
well as those of the United States. If that is
the true interpretation, then we arc usurping
a power that does not belong to us. For there
is 110 power whatever in Congress to punish a
conspiracy to obstruct the laws of a State.
Mr. CARPENTER, rose.
Mr. TilUK.MAN. I beg that my friend will
not interrupt me. I think [ will anticipate
what he is going to say ; he is going to reter to
the fourteenth amendment, 1 suppose, which
says that certain persons are citizens of the
State as well as of tho United States, and that
no State shall deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 would rather state
my point myself.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very unwell to-day,
and 1 would rather my tiiend would reserve
his point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomu-
koy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
declines to be interrupted.
Mr. THURMAN. At the proper time I will
show that that gives us no authority at all to
punish crimes against a State. If two or more
individuals shall combine to prevent another
individual from enjoying the equal protection
of the laws, that is their individual act, that
is no denial by the State of the equal protec-
tion of the laws. Your fourteenth amendment
says that the State shall not deny the equal
protection of the laws; but that does not give
you the right to punish three or more men
who shall combine together to make a riot, or
three men who shall combine together to whip
another. That amendment does not apply to
such a case as that; that is a case of mere
individual violence, having no color whatsoever
of authority of law, either Federal or State;
and to say that you can punish men for that
mere conspiracy, which is their individual act,
and which is a crime against the State laws
themselves, punishable by the State laws, is
simply to wipe out all the State jurisdiction
over crimes and transfer it bodily to the Con-
gress of the United States. No, sir ; you find
no authority in the fourteenth amendment to
sanction any such doctrine as that.
• But, sir, what is meant by the word "laws"
in this section so far as I have read it? An
intelligent court would decide that it meant
the laws of the United States on the familiar
principle-that where there may be two inter-
pretations given to an act, one of which will
make ^unconstitutional and the other of which
will make it constitutional, the court is bound
to give it the interpretation which makes it
constitutional; or if an act may receive a lim-
ited interpretation or an extended and com-
prehensive interpretation, and the compre-
hensive interpretation would make it include
subjects over which the law-making power had
no jurisdiction, then the limited interpretation
will be given to it, 110 matter how broad the
language may be. This is a familiar doctrine
to every lawyer on this floor ; and therefore an
intelligent court would construe this to mean
" laws of the United States," and not under-
take to punish as an offense against the United
States a combination of individuals to commit
an offense which was merely against the laws
of the State, and which received no sanction
whatsoever from the State.
But, sir, the next clause is more explicit:
Or conspire for the purpose of preventing or hinder-
ing tho constituted authority of any State from giving
or securing to all persons within such State the equal
protoetiou of the laws.
Now, sir, I say that that is an interference
with the rights of the States. Your fourteenth
amendment says that no State shall deny to
any person, whether a citizen or not, residing
within its limits, the equal protection of tho
laws. That is all very true ; but that provis-
ion is a limitation on the power of the State.
It is in 110 sense an authority to Congress to
usurp jurisdiction over offenses committed
within a State against State law. If these
combinations in a State to resist the authority
of the State, for that is it, "hindering the con-
stituted authorities of any State from giving
or securing to all persons within such State
the equal protection of the laws," if theso
conspiracies are such that they amount to
insurrection or to domestic violence, then the
Constitution provides the remedy, and that is
a call upon the General Government, under the
guarantee clause of the Constitution, to afford
protection to the State when the State' is
unable to protect itself. But this clause iu
this section of the bill goes upon no such
ground as that. It does not require that
the combination shall be one that the State
cannot put down ; it does not require that it
shall amount to anything like insurrection. If
three persons combine for the purpose of pre-
venting or hindering the constituted author-
ities of any State from extending to all per-
sons the equal protection of the laws, although
those persons may be taken by the first sheriff
who can catch them or the first constable,
although every citizen in the country may be
ready to aid as a posse, yet this statute applies.
It is no case of domestic violence, no case of
insurrection, and no case, therefore, for the
interference of the Federal Government, much
less its interference where there is 110 call
made upon it by the Governor or the Legis-
lature of the State.
And, mark it, the interference is to be in a
case where the conspiracy is "for the purpose
of preventing or hindering the constituted au-
thorities ot any State from giving or securing
to all persons within such State the equal pro-
tection of the laws." The authorities of the
State can only execute State laws. They can
only give the protection afforded by the laws
of the State. They are not the administrators
of the Federal laws. They are not charged
with giving to any individual the protection
conferred by the Constitution of the United
States, much less by the laws of Congress.
