1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
'Fourteenth Amendment-r-Mr. Thurman,
Senate.
That duty rests upon the Government of the
United States, so that when the authorities.of
the State are spoken of here and it is made a
crime to conspire to prevent them from "giv-
ing or securing to all persons within such State
the equal protection of the lg.ws," it is an
attempt to punish individuals who conspire to
prevent the protection of the State laws being
extended to all persons; and that, I say, we
have no power whatsoever to do. For that
reason I cannot, support this section.
Again, the Judiciary Committee propose to
insert as an amendment immediately after the
clause I have just referred to, " or shall con-
spire together for the purpose of in any man-
ner impeding, hindering, obstructing, or de-
feating the due course of justice in any State or
Territory, with intent to deny to any citizen
of the United States the due and equal pro-
tection of the laws." What I have said in
regard to the vagueness of other parts of the
section applies to this language. What "due
course of justice" is it that these persons con-
spire to hinder or to obstruct? Is it the due
course of justice in the Federal courts? If it
is, you have jurisdiction over the offense, al-
though you ought to make your statute far more
explicit than it will be if this bill becomes a law;
but the language is comprehensive enough to
include the due course of justice of the States,
the due course of justice of the State judiciary
acting under the State constitution and the
State law, and in no wise charged with the
execution of the laws of the United States; nay,
more, they cannot be charged with their exe-
cution, as was decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Prigg vs.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Therefore, if this amendment be adopted,
you undertake to vindicate by a penal la*
enacted by Congress the due administration of
justice by a State court under the State con-
stitution and the State law, with which the
Government of the United States has nothing
whatsoever to do.
Again, " with intent to deny to any citizen
of the United States the due and equal protec-
tion of the laws." Why they have used the
language "citizen ®f the United States" there
I do not know, because the fourteenth amend-
ment says that no "State shall deny to any resi-
dent the due and equal protection of the laws.
There again, however, is the vagueness of this
clause. It seems to be a sort of common count,
or a residuary devise or bequest at the end of
this will to include everything that has not
been put in before. My objection to it is that
it is plainly unconstitutional, for it undertakes
by the power of the Federal Government to
punish crimes that are offenses against the
State governments and against no other gov-
ernment in the world, and it is so vague as to
make it a trap for the innocent and the unwary.
Now, Mr. President,, I want to call your
attention, without mentioning other defects in
the definition of crime, to the penalties pro-
vided by this section. The party convicted is
subject to-—
A fine not, less than $500 nor more than 85,000, or
by imprisonment, with or without hard labor, as the
court may determine, for a period of not less than
six months nor more than six years, as the court
may determine, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment, as the court shall determine.
The fine must not be less than $500; it may
be $5,000. The imprisonment must not be
less than six months; it may be six years; or
both fine and imprisonment may be imposed
in the discretion of the court. Now-, let us
see what offenses there are here. If any per-
sons "shall conspire together, or go in dis-
guise upon the public highway or upon the
premises of another for the purpose, either
directly or indirectly, of depriving any pers-an
or any class of persons of the equal protection
of the laws, or of equal privileges or immuni-
ties under the laws." If they shall conspire
together to deprive any persons of equal priv-
ileges or immunities under the laws. That is
intended, I suppose, taken in connection with
what precedes it, to mjsan the equal privileges
and immunities that are secured, it is said, by
the Constitution of the United States; for that
is a law, and the highest law of the land,
expressly declared in the instrument itself to
be the supreme law of the land.
Now, upon the interpretation of my friend
from Massachusetts, in his supplementary civil
rights bill, if the proprietors of the Arlington,
for they are two, and therefore might com-
bine, should make it a rule of their house that
colored men and women should not intermix
at the table with the white guests of that hotel,
but should have a table to themselves, that,
according to that interpretation of the rights
and immunities of citizens, subjects the pro-
prietors to $500fine at least, and to six months'
imprisonment at the least. So with all steam-
boat officers, the owners or managers of every
railroad, and of every place of public amuse-
ment, where there are enough of them to com-
bine, and it only takes two to combine. Aud
so with the directors of your schools.
Again, the right of which they may seek to
deprive a person may be the most trivial in the
world. I have heard, and there is a good deal
of testimony to that effect, that the pigs and
chickens of men in the southern States are
not quite as safe as they were in the olden
time; and that some of our American citizens
of African descent are: vehemently suspected
of going, sometimes alone, sometimes in cou-
ples, sometimes three, orfour, or five together,
and depleting a man's hen-roost or his pig-pen
in a manner extremely inconvenient to him'
and in a way that deprives him of his rights
of property secured to him under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States by the
plainest constitutional provisions, as it is said.
I think Sambo and Pompey will consider
themselves harshly treated if the Ku Klux,
who, it is said, can have all the negroes con-
victed who are guilty of crime, should get hold
of a couple of these gentlemen of African
descent and send them to jail for six months
and fine them $500 each for the raid they
make on the chicken-coop of some Ku Klux
or the pig-pen of some member of the white
fraternity; and yet is not that a combina-
tion to deprive him of his rights of property?
is not the right to life, liberty, and property
secured by the Constitution of the United
States? Is not the security of property one
of the rights a unprivileged of a white man as
well as of a negro man? And if this enormous
punishment is to be inflicted every time a
couple of negroes shall rob a hen-roost or a
pig-pen, and the Ku Klux are to give effect to
the law, I warn Radical Senators to beware
of the fate that-may attend their friends.
I might go on and state other cases were it
necessary to do so, but I will mention but one
more—a combination tocommitan assault and
battery. Two little fellows agree to pummel
a big man, because one cannot do it alone ;
that is a violation of his right to protection,
and for that little thing, which would be tried
in a magistrate's court in the State of New
York or the State of Ohio and the parties fined
ten dollars or thereabouts, the great punish merit
of this bill may be imposed. The offense is
complete. It is true the offenders have struck
no blow, but they have combined to strike one.
For that offense, which is punished under the
laws of no State in this Union by more than
a fine of ten, fifteen, or twenty dollars, or in
an aggravated case by a little confinement for
twenty or thirty days in the county jail, the
Congress of the United States is asked to in-
flict the punishment of six months' imprisoii-
mentat least and a fine of not less than $500.
Mr. President, nothing is to be gained by
such laws. They will be a dead letter. The
very enormity of them will make them so.
We have seen again aud again how laws can-
not be executed where public opinion does not
sanction them. In what State of this Union
are the laws against the selling of spirituous
liquors enforced ? You have codes in many
States punishing the retailing of such liquors,
and yet it is only now and then, onee in a year,
perhaps, in some special locality, that an in-
dictment is found, and nine times out of ten
it is never prosecuted to conviction. So it
was with your fugitive slave law. That law
was unpopular in a large portion of the Uni-
ted States. Although it was decided by the
Supreme Court of the United States to be con-
stitutional, although it was upheld by such great
names as that of Daniel Webster and others,
although that law seemed to be a plain exer-
cise of power by the Federal Government, and
of one of the powers that were made almost
a sine qua non by the slaveholding States to
the adoption of the Constitution itself, yet who
could have executed that law in the State of
Yerinout?
It was executed once in the State of Massa-
chusetts, but it took the military force of this
Government to execute it, and I venture to
say that in parts of my own State it could not
have been executed at all. There was an
attempt to execute it there onee, and what was
done? A mob seized the officers of the Uni-
ted States, seized the deputy marshals of the
United States who were in pursuit of the fugi-
tive slave, and tied them to trees and whipped
them worse than any slave was ever whipped
by the worst Ku Klux that ever lived; and not
only were they whipped, but they were threat-
ened with death if they did not leave that neigh-
borhood, and leave it immediately, and they
had to leave it. Although the rioters were
indicted for that act, and some few out of the
great many who were engaged in that riot had
sentences pronounced against them in the dis-
trict court of the United States for the north-
ern district of Ohio, the bare fact that that
was done produced a meeting in Cleveland at
which men subsequently members of Congress,
at which the Governor of the State, and men
of the highest political standing in all that por-
tion of the State attended, and where it was
boldly declared that if the supreme court of
Ohio issued its writ of habeas corpus to deliver
those men they should be delivered if it required
all the armed force of Ohio to do it.
On that occasion the Governor of the State
said in effect that if the State^ court should
issue its writ for the delivery of these men he
would see to it that the mandate was obeyed
if it required the military force of the State to
doit. That was the state of feeling. Now,
sir, there is not a more law-abiding State in
the world than the State of Ohio, in my judg-
ment. There is not a more law-abiding peo-
ple than the people of Ohio. And yet in
times of such great excitement as then existed,
and upon that subject, the fugitive slave law
was a dead letter, and thousands of slaves
every year passed into or through the State-
of Ohio from the southern States. I may
be wiong in saying thousands, hut certainly
hundreds every year passed through it with
as much impunity and as much security as you
or I could have traveled over it. And so, sir,
when you make a law like this, a law of such
monstrous pains and penalties, you will find
no public opinion to back you in its enforce-
ment.
Bat again, Mr. President, all these offenses
are to be taken into the Federal courts; aud
now 1 ask my friend who champions the bill,
cuibonof What good is to corue of it? It
will not be pretended that the State judges of
Vermont will not execute the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not wish me to
answer now I suppose?
Mr. THURMAN. No. It will not be pre-
