1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
mankind than the rule of sueli men. They
may carry an election; they may for a time
terrify the friends of the country ; but their
reign, like the earthquake and the hurricane,
can be but for a sliort season. The man who
masks himself ana rides at night, who drags
the helpless from their beds to inflict scourg-
ing and murder, who overpowers in cowardly
olans of a hundred to one the object of his
spite, does to his own nature a monstrous
wrong, demoralizes himself, wastes his power,
and disfranchises all that is godlike in his soul.
He may terrify for a time the poor victims of
his malice, but they, too, can easily use such
vulgar weapons, and he must soon grow weary
in his shameful calling.
The rebellion left many scars behind it,
many sad battle-fields with their mounds of
dead, many orphans, many cripples, many
burnt and desolate places, many great grave-
yards, many disappointed and grieving hearts ;
but the saddest of all the relics of the war are
those malignant, treacherous, unrelenting
souls, yet untouched by the magnanimous for-
bearance of their countrymen who have for-
given and almost forgotten their treasou, now
kept only alive in memory by their matchless
malignity. These men cannot expect to thus
defy the public sentiment of all the just, to
outrage human nature, to carry on war upon
mankind ; to strike at the vitals of society by
stealth, by treachery, by violence, by perjury,
by conspiracy, and by death, and not be visited
at length by all the power of an incensed nation,
swift to do justice. The evidence of these
wrongs has been accumulating. Men were
slow to believe in their existence, but they have
at length been forced upon the public view;
and the whole people, appalled at their enorm-
ity, demand that they be stopped at once.
The commission of isolated outrages is not
what is complained of, but of crimes perpe-
trated by concert and agreement, by men in
large numbers acting with a common purpose
for the injury of a certain class of citizens en-
tertaining certain political principles. A mere
assault and battery, or arson, or murder, done
with or without premeditation, is a very dif-
ferent thing, and need cause anjl does cause
110 alarm; nor yet does the more formidable
existence of local regulators. The liw is
believed to be sufficient to cover such cases,
and the officers of justice amply able to arrest
and punish the offenders. But there is a step
beyond this, which calls for additional safe-
guards to the public, and which seems to be
unprovided for. Our Government has been
framed upon the presumption that all the cit-
izens were well-disposed toward it, and would
aid it in the administration and execution of
the law, and that each separate community
would of its own motion arrest and punish all
criminals. Upon this theory we had acted
until the breaking out of the rebellion.
Since its suppression we have drifted back
to the old position; but find an altered state
of circumstances, an unusual condition of so-
ciety. We find that the commission of a cer-
tain class of high crimes is not noticed ; that
the offenders are not arrested, put on trial, or
punished, as may best suit the people in certain
districts; that there is no liberty of speech
or suffrage and no protection to life and prop-
erty in those places to all equally. We find
that, in consequence of the rebellion and the
acts of reconstruction, there is a persistent,
organized effort to overthrow the law by secret
crimes and by systematic perjury in cases
of arrest and trial of those committing them,
thus eluding the officers of justice. We find a
society, with well-known names, such as the
Ku Klux Klans and the White Brotherhood,
with officers, with obligations of secrecy, with
a large membership, numbering thousands,
extending over counties and over States, whose
object is to perpetrate these crimes and to
screen from punishment others who are guilty.
We find that this soeiety is political in its
nature, is exclusive in its membership, and is
utterly hostile to the Republican party and to
the Union of the States, and that its victims
are members of that party. .
We may fairly say that, however bad it may
be to commit crimes, it is an additional wick-
edness to conspire together to do so. It argues
still greater depravity to organize their com-
mission into a system, but the very height
of criminal enormity is reached when these
banded outlaws, with murderous hands, strike
at innocent and helpless men for merely enter-
taining certain political opinions. The proof of
these facts is before the country, and has been
accumulating from year to year. The occur-
rences in Louisiana in 1868, resulting in the
death of two hundred and ninety-seven persons
and the driving of thousands of men from the
polls by the Knights of the White Camelia,
gave astounding proof of the existence of this
Democratic, secret, murderous society. The
reign of terror was absolute, and the life of a
Union man was as a mere straw before this
ruthless and abominable organization. The
Governors of Louisiana, Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Florida, Tennessee, North and South
Carolina, have invoked the aid of the General
Government time and again to repress these
outrages during the years 1868,1809, and 1870.
The officers in command of the departments of
the southern States all report these organiza-
tions ana their fatal fruits. Generals Thomas,
Mower, Terry, Reynolds, Rousseau, Meade,
Buchanan, Canby, Cooke, Hancock, Pope,
Ames, Sickles, Halleck, and others stand up
as witnesses against them. The records of the
War Department are full of these facts. The
evidence before the Senate committee in refer-
ence to affairs in North Caiolina is ail addi-
tional confirmation of them.
The following is the testimony in the Louis-
iana election cases, 1868, of General Edward
Hatch, in charge of the Frcedmen's Bureau in
New Orleans in October and November, 1868,
as to the crimes in that vicinity committed by
Democrats on Union men to carry the election
then:
" Question. Do you recognize this report?
Report of Brevet Major^ Cenernl Hatch, Assistant
Commissioner Freedmen's Bureau.
Killed 297
Wounded by gunshot  SO
Maltreated 112
Total   439
"Answer. Yes, sir; those are thenumbers. No caso
was reported unless it was thoroughly investigated
and substantiated. We reported sixteen killed at
St. Landry. This was considered an exaggeration
by General Rousseau, who sent his inspector, Cap-
tain Hooker, down to investigate these matters, and
ho reported five times as many killed as I did.
" Question. What color wore the 297 killed and 59
wounded?
"Answer. Black.
" Question. What period of time does that embrace?
"Answer. Probably one month.
" Question. For the whole State?
"Answer. No, sir; just the parishes adjacent to
New Orleans."
The records of the War Department contain
reports which I notice briefly as follows for
want of time:
" November 17,1868, General George 1£. Thomas,*
commanding department of the Cumberland, for-
wards letter of Captain William Folck. inclosing a
copy of a letter addressed by the Ku Klux Klan to
Mr. Willard Davis, of Lexington, Kentucky, in which
Mr. Davis is warned to leave the State within thirty
days, or, if not, he will be hanged.
"Captain Folck states that similar letters were
sent by the Ku Klux Klan to Mr. Cassins, Mr.Good-
loe. Dr. Davidson, and others; that the lives of Union
men are imperiled; that a few nights ago two in on
were taken from the jail at Nichoiasviile, Kentucky,
by an armed force ot seventy-two men, (mounted aud
masked,) and were hanged near the suburbs of the
"October 5,1870, Governor II. Reed, of Florida,
informs the President of the United State3 that in
several counties of the State the officers of tho law
are set at defiance by organized bands of enemies of
the Government; that it will be impossible without
military aid to secure a fair voto at tho election m
November; requests the presence of at least, five
companies of ]f oderal soldiers with energetic officers,
to be placed at his disposition for a period not exceed-
ing four weeks. Seven petitions, communications,
&c., accompany Governor Heed's letter.
"April 30, 1869, Governor Warmoth.of Louisiana,
in a communication to General Mower, commanding
department of Louisiana, inclosed letter from the
judge of the twelfth judicial district of the State,
relative to the crime and lawlessness prevailing Jn
the parish of Franklin, and tho necessity for the
presence of United States troops therein order to
secure the enforcement of laws and the life and
property of citizens, and states he was constrained
to inform him that at presentthere was no adequate
protection forthe law-abiding citizens of that parish,
it having been one of tho most turbuIeiaHn the
State, and the-civil authorities were powerless to
protect them; asked, therefore, that a company
of troops be sent to that parish, with instructions
to sustain the civil authorities.
"General Ames, in addition to the above, reports
as occurring since March, 1869, thirty-two murders,
(including that of Colonel Crane,) thirteen assaults
with intent to kill, and thirteen outrages; states that
a number of persons charged with committing these
murders, &c., wcro arrested by troops and held at
different posts for trial by military commission, thir-
teen of whom were taken from his control on their
application to tho United States judge.
"Tho report contains reports of post commanders,
sheriffs, and othors, relating to murders, &c..in aggre-
gate as follows: murders, twenty-two, and upward
of forty outrages, (including murders, assaults, arson,
&c.,) the perpetrators, with but few exceptions,
escaping.
"J une 14,1809, J. De F. Richards, professor and
president pro tempore of university at Tuscaloosa,
Alabama, in a communication addressed to the Sec-
retary of War and bearing the signatures of three
othor professors of that university,states that there
oxists in that section of the Stato a most deplorable
condition of things, thoso opposed to the measuros
of reconstruction as adopted by Congress being ex-
ceedingly hostile and bitter against all who may
differ from them politically, especially against north-
ern men and thecoiored people. This extremehos-
tility, it is thought, exhibits itself in frequent acts
of violence, murder, and assassination, and it is as-
serted that not less than twenty good and law-abid-
ing citizens of Tuscaloosa county have been mur-
dcicd by bands of outlaws within thepast few months,
yet not tho first step has been taken to arrest and
punish the guilty or protect the innocent. States
that those disloyal. Democratic ^constructionists
and felons laugh at the civil authorities and com-
mit murder openly in sight of tho court-house."
■S * •> * ! * T- v •! *
" July 29,1869, D. Woodruff, of Tuscaloosa, Tusca-
loosa county, Alabama, in a letter to the President,
asks protection .against Ku Klux outrages in that
county; states that sotue twenty-six murders have
occurred'in that county within the past few months,
besides other outrages, and as yet not a single
arrest; recommends that Tuscaloosa county, which
is tho head center of Ku Klux outrages, be pot
under martial law, as it would arrest outrages all
over tho Stato and causo some respect for tho State
goverment, as it is at present openly defied."
"Governor Bullock, of Georgia, forwards state-
ments relative to murders and rapes, outrages by
Ku Klux, and the shooting of Warren Hays, col-
ored, near Lexington, Georgia; also, reported vio-
lence and threats and lawlessness in Mitchell county,
Athens, and other parts of Georgia.
"Letterfrom Mrs. Senator Adkins about tho mur-
der of her husband. Proclamation and reward for
murderers of Dr. Danden, taken from Warrenton
jail and shot. Report of investigation by G. W.
Fitch, of violenoo to a colored woman in Clayton
county, Georgia. Complaints of citizens of Morgan
county of bands of robbers and assassins. Request
for troops to be placcd at disposal of sheriff of War-
ren county. Reported injustice to negroes in Pike
county. Death from exposure and neglect of two
frcedmen, as given m Savannah Daily Advertiser;
attention invited by General O. O. Howard. Dis-
turbances among workmen on air-line railway, near
Atlanta. Danger to life and property in Richmond *
county, near lino of Columbia county. Mr. Brasit
and family forced to flee from Glasscock county.
Lawless condition of affairs along tho air-line rail-
road, and the facts of tho insurrection thereon.
Facts from Captain R. B. Hull, eighteenth infantry,
relative to the murder of Senator Adkins, and
report from Major Van Yoast, eighteenth infantry,
same subject. Itlegal' arrest and confinement in
Oglethorpe jail of James D. Harden, colored, and
many other outrages.
"May 17, 1 )9, Charles W. Arnold, postmaster at
Albany, Georgia, petitions the President of the Uni-
ted States for protection against the Ku Klux Klan,
which infest that State. States that an attempt has
been made to Ku Klux him at Americus, Georgia, a
small village about thirty-five miles from Albany,
while in the discharge of his duty as revenue as-
sessor. Further asserts that the men engaged in that
.attempt tire known to him and his family, as also to
Colonel W. C. Mori ill, revenue collector second dis-
trict Georgia, and United States Deputy Marshal
Cox, lesidmg at Ameucus, who will furnish the
names of the parties, if he should be murdered here-
after. Every Republican, he adds, is in danger of
losing his life.
"January, 1S71. memorandum, without signa-
ture, left at the War Department, giving the names
of some of the persons who have been put to death
in Alabama within the last two years by persons
wearing the disguise of the Ku Klux Klan ;
•"1. Alexander Boyd, esq., white, solicitor for
Greene county, living at Eutaw., tho county seal.
Taken from his room in the hotel where ho was
boarding, in the night of May 21,1870, by a largo
band of Ku Klux, and put to death.
""2. Guilford Coleman, leading colored man in
Greene county.
