220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
tended that the State judges of Ohio will not
execute the law. What, then, is the Necessity
of taking all these cases into the Federal courts?
I grant that as to those which are offenses
against the United States they must be taken
into the Inderal courts; the State courts have
no jurisdiction of them. For instance, to in-
timidate a witness so as to prevent his attending
upon a Federal court, to tamper with a juror
in a Federal court, are offenses, not against
the State, but offenses the jurisdiction of which
must be given to the Federal courts; but, so
far as the protection of person and property
is concerned, whe-re is the good to be derived
from going into the Federal courts? What do
we here? Even in the States down South,
where it is said the Ku Klux are so strong, is
it true that the judges will not discharge their
duly? No man has said so. No man of the
Republican party could say so without brand-
ing members of his own party with infamy.
Take the State of North Carolina. I am told
that at least nine tenths of the judges of that
State are Republicans.
Air. BAY A RL) and Mr. BLAIR. All of them.
Mr. THURMAN. All of them, my friends
say. They are all Republicans, and so are
most of the Commonwealth's attorneys; the
public prosecutors are Republicans; and three
fourthsor more of the sheriffs are Republicans.
Now, is there any complaint that these judges
will not execute the law ? Is there any com-
plaint that these State altorneys will not exe-
cute the law, will not set it in motion ? Noih-
ing of that kind; but what is it that calls for
these laws? Why this: we are told that grand
juries of the State will not find indictments, or
if indictments arc found petit juries will not
convict. But will not the same people who
constitute the juries iu the Federal courts be
t.lu#e that constitute them iu the State courts,
unless you intend to go out of the Slate of
North Carolina and gel, jurots from some other
State, import them from Massachusetts, or
Vermont, or Ohio, and take them down there
to try tile people, or uttlessyoti intend to trans-
port these offenders, as our forefathers were
transported to Great Britain for trial, and
which was one of the causes of our independ-
ence? Unless you intend to do that, in plain
violation of the Constitution, what, more suc-
cessful machinery for the conviction of crime
will j ou have by giving the Federal courts this
jurisdiction than you now have iu the courts
of the Suites?
My experience is exactly the opposite. My
experience has been that convictions for crime
take place in the State courts ten times where
*here is one conviction iu the courts of the
United States. The Slate courts act promptly,
act vigorously, act uuderatandirigly, and tlie
very neighborhood where crime is committed
is interested m its suppression; the witnesses
are close by; there is but little expense; they
;i>'o easily obtained, atld, when obtained, con-
victions of the guilty almost always follow.
But if the witnesses are to be dragged two,
three, or four hundred miles to attend a court
for every offense that is committed, however
trivial it may be, against the person, the prop-
erty, or the liberty of an individual, I tell
you that for one convictiou that you will obtain
in the Federal courts you would have obtained
ten if you had left the matter iu the charge of
the State courts. I consider it, therefore, an
extremely impolitic measure as a means of
repressing crime.
in regard to the last clause of this section,
which givesa civil action in the Federal courts
for injuries done to individuals in their life,
liberty, or property, I need only say that it is
subject to the same observations that I have
made before as to the impolicy of giving that
forum that jurisdietiou, instead of leaving it
where it has been left with safety for so many
years, it) the hands of the State eouRs.
But, Mr. President, the objections that I
have mentioned to this bill are really small
compared to those which I have to the third
and fourth sections. It does seem to me that
the first and second sections will perhaps in
practice be a dead letter. There may be now
and then some suits or prosecutions under
ihem that will be vexatious and harassing,
and very often perhaps they will be got up
simply because they will be vexatious and
harassing and for purposes that are by no
means justifiable; but, practically, I believe
those two sections of the bill will be a dead
letter; and I am the more justified in that
when 1 recollect that you have already on your
statute-book as comprehensive a code for the
punishment of such outrages as the Ku Klux
are said to commit as the wit of man could
devise. The sixih section of the act of May,
1870, covers every possible case of a combin-
ation to deprive any person of any rights
secured by the Constitution of the United
States. You cannot make it broader. You
may enumerate as much as you please; you
may define as much as you please; but I defy
you to find language more comprehensive than
is found in that act.
But that is not all. He will have looked but
alittleway who stops at that section. Hemust
go further and look at the sections which fol-
low it, four or five of them, and which provide
the most comprehensive machinery that I have
ever seen for the discovery and the punish-
ment of offenders, which allow United States
commissioners to he appointed everywhere and
without limit as to number, which allow them
to appoint deputy marshals without limit as
to their number, so that they may have a per-
fect army of them if they choose, and which
also allow tlieui to call upon the military force
in order to enable tlietn to execute their will.
Mr. CONKUNG. Is not that the law now?
Mr. THURMAN. That is what i am say-
ing is the statute now. Although that law,
which was introduced on the motion of the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.,] or
taken from his bill, was passed and took effect
in May last, nearly one year ago, yet we are
given to understand that there has not been a
conviction under it in all the South, or at most
there has not been more than one or two. If
that is the case, what do you expect by mak-
ing more penal laws, heaping up penalty upon
penalty, creating offense after offense, giving
jurisdiction upon jurisdiction to the courts,
and all with the result before you that laws
just, as strong and just as stringent have been
fruitless to produce the peadfc'ami the order
that all desire.
I say again what I have said before, not in
open Senate it is true, but what has impressed
me from the very first time I saw this bill, that
all of practical consequence there is in it is
contained in the third and fourth sections ; that
but for them the framers of the bill would
drop it to-day. It is the power conferred upon
the President, of the United States by these
sections, a power to make war upon his fellow-
citizens, it is this clothing him with a power
that but two monarchs in all Europe possess,
the Czar of Russia and the Turkish Sultan, it
is this delegation of power to him to make
war at his own good will and pleasure upon
any portion of the people of the United States
on whom he chooses to make war, and to take
from them the writ of habeas corpus, it is
this, and this alone, whichcommends this bill
to the support of its ardeut friends.
That being the case, let us look at what those
sections are. I must do it briefly, for I have
already spoken an hour, and I told the Senate
that I did not expect to speak longer than
that. I should like to speak longer if there
were time to do so and 1 had the strength to
do it, but there are some things in regard to
these sections that 1 thust say. I frill thank
the Secretary to read the third and fourlh
sections of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the sections, as pro-
posed to be amended, as follows:
Sec. 3. That in all oases whcro insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
in any State shall deprive any portion or class of
the people of sucti State of any of the rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities, or protection, named in the
Constitution, and secured by tins act, or obstruct
the equal and impartial course of justice, and the
constituted authorities of such State shall eithei be
unable to protect, or shall, irom any cause, f.iil in
or refuse protection of the people in such rights,
such iacts shall be deemed a denial by such State
of the equal protection of the laws to which they
are entitled under the Constitution of the United
States; and in all such cases it shall be lawful for
the Piesident, and it shall be his duty, to take such
measures, by the employment of the militia or the
land and naval forces of ihe United States, or of
either, or by other means, as he may deem uecessary
for the suppresM'm of such insuirection, domestic
violence, or combinations; and any person who
shall be arrested under the provisions of this aid
the p'eeeding section shall be delivered to the mar-
shal of the proper district, to be dealt with according
to law.
Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State tlie unlawlul t onibinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act sh.ill be organized and
armed, and so numerous andpowertul as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, ami of the
United States yvithin such Slate, or when the,con-
stituted authoiities aie m complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by reason
of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety shall become in such district imprac-
ticable. iu every such case such combinations slia.U
be deemed a lebellion against the Government of
the United States, and during the continuance of
such rebellion, and within the limits ol tho di-triet
which shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits
to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful
for the President ot'the United States, when in his
judgment the public salety shall require it, to su.-—
pend the privilege.- of the wiit of h'tbens corprn, to
tho end that such rebellion maybe overthrown:
Provided, fuat all the provisions of the second sec-
tion of an acL entitled "An act relating to habeas
cuipuc, and regulating judicial proceeding!, in cer-
tain eases," approved March 3,1803, which relate to
the discharge of prisoners other than prisoners of
war, and to the penalty for refusing to obey the
order of the court, shall be in luil force so far as the
samo a-re applicable to the provisions ot this soction :
Provided further. That Lb e President shall first have
made proclamation, as now provided by law, com-
manding such insurgents to disperso: A'ud provide i
also, That, the provisions of this section shall not be
in force after tho end of tho next regular session of
Congress.
Mr. TEIURMAN. There are two cases in
which the military power of the United States
may be used within the United States ami
against citizens of the United States. The
first is where the Constitution or laws of the
United States are resisted. The second is
where the constitution or laws of a State aie
resisted by insurrection or domestic violence,
and that State being unable to suppress the
one or the other through its Legislature, if in
session, or the Executive, if the Legislature
be not in session, calls upon the Government
of the United States for aid. When I first
began the reading of this third section 1 thought
it was intended to be based upon that clause
of the Constitution familiarly known as the
guarantee clause, and which authorizes the
interference of the General Government to put
down insurrection or domestic violence in a
State on the call of the State; but as I pro-
ceeded with the reading I found that that could
not be the case, because there is no provision
in it that the Government of the United States
shall be called upon for aid. Indeed, as it
came from the House it was exactly the oppo-
site, for it expressly provided for a case in
which the State should not call upon the Gen-
eral Government for aid. That being so, I
had to find some other provision of the Con-
stitution upon which this section was framed,
and I find that it is frataed or intended to be
framed upon the fourteenth article ofthe amend-
ments. That fourteenth article, after declar-
ing who shall be citizens, provides that—
"N", State shall make or enforce any k,w which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
