1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
month to month and year to year, extending
over many States; all similar in their charac-
ter, aimed at a similar class of citizens; all
palliated or excused or justified or absolutely
denied by the same class of men. Not like the
local outbreaks sometimes appearing in partic-
ular districts, where a mob or a band of regu-
lators may for a time commit crimes and defy
the law, but having every mark and attribute
of a systematic, persistent, well-defined organ-
ization, with a fixed purpose, with a regular
plan of action.
The development of this condition of affairs
was not the work of a day or even of a year.
It could not be, in the nature of things; it must
be slow; one fact to be piled on another, week
after week, year after year. At first these
masked men seemed to be perpetrating jokes
upon the emancipated negroes. Then occa-
sional outrages were revealed. Public atten-
tion was arrested, and at length hundreds of
cases were chronicled; and a singular feature
connected with them was that the civil author-
ities seemed utterly powerless to obtain con-
victions for any crimes, however atrocious. All
these things could not happen without concert,
understanding, and arrangement. It could not
be possible that all should be acquitted who
were arrested. It could not happen that in
some localities a vast number of these crimes
were committed and no one arrested. It could
not happen that Union men should invariably
be the victims and their opponents in politics
the wrong-doers. It could happen that Union
men who spoke out their sentiments freely
should be banished or whipped or burned out
or murdered. These things do not occur thus
accidentally. It does not merely happen that
men who stand by the country and who op-
posed rebellion and treason should in the
administration of justice get none whatever.
It does not happen that large classes of men
are deprived of the protection of life, liberty,
and property without redress and without
notice.
Such occurrences show that there is a pre-
concerted and effective plan by which thousands
of men are deprived of the equal protection of
the laws. The arresting power is fettered, the
witnesses are silenced, the courts are impotent,
the laws are annulled, the criminal goes free,
the persecuted citizen looks in vain for redress.
This condition of affairs extends to counties
and States ; it is, in many places, the rule, and
not the exception.
What, then, can be done ? The States can-
npt or do not act. Some other power must
be invoked. Where does it reside ? How can
it be exercised? Can it be made effectual?
These are questions of the gravest import and
which are forced upon us by the present cir-
cumstances.
That power resides in the General Govern-
ment. The Constitution was framed in order
to establish justice and insure domestic tran-
quillity, among other things. What is " to estab-
lish?" it is to fix firmly, safely, and perma-
nently ; not to intrust the matter to others,
but attend to that duty promptly and fully; to
secure justice to all, to use whatever power is
necessary, to use itat the right time and in the
right way. To insure domestic tranquillity.
Whatisthat; whatis " to insure?" Itisto leave
no room for doubt or failure; it is to provide
for it; it is to erect barriers against wrong-
doers ; it is to cause peace to prevail. What
nobler or broader exercise of sovereign power
can there be than this? Whenever the guar-
antys of the Constitution are broken, whenever
there is a failure of a republican form of gov-
ernment, wherever there is domestic violence
and aid is asked by the State authorities, where
ever the equal protection of the laws is denied,
in all such cases the General Government must
exert its power to establish justice and insure
tranquillity. There is no other power known
under heaven. Without such a superintend-
ing and overruling authority our Government
is chaos, is anarchy, is an unfinished ruin, fails
where it is most needed.
In the matter before us the republican form
of government is preserved, but much of its
essence is denied. It may be safely said that a
republican government, to exist, must be able
to use the means to suppress lawlessness. If
it does not, it is no government at all, much
less a republican one. It is a vain thing to
assert the right of suffrage, of representation,
and of equality of protection as to person and
property if none is given to them. Just as well
have anti-republican institutions; they might
be safer and better. The guaranty of repub-
lican institutions is made for the good that is in
them, and not as a mere empty declaration.
But, to proceed a step further. Where there
is domestic violence and aid is asked by the
State, the nation must exercise its authority.
Can it do so without invitation ? Before the
fourteenth amendment it could not unless that
violence amounted to an overthrow of repub-
lican institutions; then it could; then the invi-
tation is needless, the guaranty must be ful-
filled. But now, where the equal protection of
the law, as in case of an overthrow of repub-
lican institutions, is denied by domestic vio-
lence or any other cause, the nation may inter-
pose to afford it, by legislation, directing the
use of military power and the interposition of
the courts of the United States; and this effort
may be aimed at the particular case or State
where the difficulty exists, or at all cases of
that character whenever and wherever arising.
The failure to afford protection equally to all
is a denial of it.
Affirmative action or legislation is not the
only method of a denial of protection by a
State, State action not being always legisla-
tive action. A State may by positive enact-
ment cut off from some the right to vote, to tes-
tify or to ask for redress of wrongs in court, to
own or inherit or acquire property, to do busi-
ness, to go freely from place to place, to bear
arms, and many other such things. This pos-
itive denial of protection is no more flagrant
or odious or dangerous than to allow certain
persons to be outraged as to their property,
safety, liberty, or life; than to overlook offend-
ers in such cases; than to utterly disregard the
sufferer and his persecutor, and treat the one-
as a nonentity and the other as a good citizen.
How much worse is it for a State to enact that
certain citizens shall not vote, than allow out-
laws by violence, unpunished, to prevent them
from voting? How much more effectual is the
denial of justice in a State where the black
man cannot testify, than in a State where his
testimony is utterly disregarded when given on
behalf of his race? How much more oppress-
ive is the passage of a law that they shall not
bear arms than the practical seizure of all arms
from the hands of the colored men? A sys-
tematic failure to make arrests, to put on trial,
to convict, or to punish offenders against the
rights of a great class of citizens is a denial
of equal protection in the eye of reason and
the law, and justifies, yes, loudly demands, the
active interference of the only power that can
give it. If, in addition to all this, the State
should fail to ask the aid of the General Gov-
ernment in putting down the existing outlawry,
would not a more complete and perfect case
of denial of protection be made out? Indeed,
it would be difficult to conceive of a more
glaring instance of the denial of protection.
It may be safely said, then, that there is a
denial of the equal protection of the law by
many of these States. It is therefore the
plain duty of Congress to enforce by appro-
priate legislation the rights secured by this
clause of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution. So far it has not been found
necessary to do this ; but the emergency has at
last arisen, and there is but one course to take.
How can this thing be done? Shall we deal
with individuals, or with the State as a State?
If we can deal with individuals, that is a less
radical course, and works less interference with
local governments. To ptiuish a particular
individual is less troublesome than to set eside
a whole State government, declare martial law,
suspend the writ of habeas corpus, and substi-
tute, generally, national for State authority.
Can this be done? Or must the nation in every
case of this kind deal with the State alone ?
Must we allow outrages to proceed till State
authority is prostrated? It would seem more
accordant with reason that the easier, more
direct, and more certain method of dealing
with individual criminals was preferable, and
that the more thorough method of superseding
State authority should only be resorted to when
the deprivation of rights and the condition of
outlawry was so general as to prevail in all
quarters in defiance of or by permission of
the local government.
In my judgment Congress has both reme-
dies, and can use both or either as the emer-
gency may require. In the matter in hand it
is proposed to try the simpler remedy first.
Should that fail, a more thorough course is to
be adopted. But it is said that the General
Government has no right or power to define
and punish crimes against the peace in places
where it has not the exclusive power of legis-
lation. In the case of Cohens vs. Virginia
Chief Justice Marshall, in pointing out the
difference between the powers of Congress
under the Confederation and under the Con-
stitution, says :
" We are told, and we are truly told, thatthegreat •
change which is to give efficacy to the present sys-
tem is its ability to act on individuals directly, in-
stead of acting through the instrumentality of State
governments." "Your laws
reach the individual without the aid of any other
power."
And further on, in the same connection, he
says :
" The acknowledged inability of theCtovernment,
then, to sustain it.se. I f against the public will, and by
force or otherwise to control the whole nation, is no
sound argument in support of its constitutional
inability to preserve itself against a section of the
nation acting in opposition to the general will."
This was in 1821, long before the fourteenth
amendment. Apply these general principles
to it—the power to reach individuals in the
States and the ability to preserve itself against
a section—and the remedy is complete. Still
further on in the same opinion, he says :
"The framcra of the Constitution were indeed
unable to make any provisions which should pro-
tect that instrument against a general combination
of the Slates or of the people lor its destruction;
and conscious of this inability, they havo not made
the attempt. But they wereable to provide against
the operation ot' measures adopted in any one State
whose tendency might be to arrest the execution of
tlio laws, and this it was the part of true wisdom to
attempt. We think they have attempted it."
Again lie says:
"No government ought to be so_ defective in its
organization as not to contain within itself the
means of securing tho execution of its own laws
against other dangers than those which occur every
day. Courts of justieo are the means most usually
employed; and it is reasonable to expect that a
government should repose on its own courts rather
than on others."
Obviously the court of justice is the first
instrument to be used in aid of the fourteenth
amendment ; safer, milder, surer, more i'n
accordance with reason, with our system, and
with public sentiment. Whenever, then, there
is a denial of equal protection by the State,
the courts of justice of the nation stand with
open doors, ready to receive and hear with
impartial attention the complaints of those
who are denied redress elsewhere. Here may
come the "weak and poor and downtrodden,
with assurance that they shall be heard. Here
may come the man smitten with many stripes
and ask for redress. Here may come the
nation, in her majesty, and demand the trial and
punishment of offenders, when all, all other
tribunals are closed. In what other aspect
does the power of this nation shine with moro-
benignity? How much better this than the
array of armed men, the suspension of civil
process, the dread alternative of force 1
