460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Can these means be made effectual? Can we
thus suppress these wrongs ? I will say we can
but try. The United States courts are further
above mere local influence than the county
courts; their judges can act with more inde-
pendence, cannot be put under terror, as local
judges can; their sympathies are not so nearly
identified with those of the vicinage; the jurors
are taken from the State, and not the neigh-
borhood; they will be able to rise above preju-
dices or bad passions or terror more easily.
The marshal, clothed with more power than
the sheriff, can make arrests with certainty,
and, with the aid of the General Government,
can seize offenders in spite of any banded and
combined resistance such as may be expected.
Thus, at least; these men, who disregard all
law, can be brought to trial. Here we stop.
The court is to do the rest, acting under all
its solemn obligations of duty to country and
God. Can we trust it, or are we afraid of our
own institutions? Does the grim shadow of
the State step into the national court, like a
goblin, and terrify us? Does this harmless
and helpless ghost drive us from that tribu-
nal—the State that mocks at justice, the State
that licenses outlawry, the State that stands
dumb when the lash and the torch and the
pistol are lifted every night over the quiet cit-
izen? We believe that we can trust our United
States courts, and we propose to do so. That
is the head and front of our offending. We
believe that the effect of this measure will be
■ to restore peace and overawe the conspirators.
We believe that the ruffians who prowl in
darkness will take warning. We believe that
they will vanish, as the birds of night do at the
coming sun. We believe that the terrified and
humbled friends of the Union will lift up their
heads, confident of future safety. We believe
that the officers of justice, shielded by the na-
tional power, will proceed promptly, without
fear or favor, and that the trembling and totter-
ing States will spring up and resume the long-
neglected administration of law in their own
courts, giving, as they ought themselves, equal
protection to all.
What will be the result if some such meas-
ure as the one proposed is not adopted no one
cau toll. The patient, law-abiding, submissive
men who have endured so much may not en-
dure these wrongs forever. At last the most
helpless and harmless turn upon their pur-
suers, and, in their madness, carry destruction
to a point where even the courageous may
shudder. The revolts and uprisings of the
oppressed and humble poor mark the blood-
iest pages of history. Mercy to all demands
that we actwith promptness and energy. How
long will a population whose rights are neg-
lected and despised remain attached to a Gov-
ernment treating them with indifference? And
who can ever restore the lost respect and con-
fidence in a national Power that openly and for
years permits human rights to be trodden down,
disavowing the ability to find a remedy for the
evil or punishment for the offenders? At
length, worn out by long suffering and in
utter disgust at the want of protection, the
Best friends of the Governmentwill give it up,
and that disunion they fought so gallantly to
prevent will be welcomed by them as the last
plank to which the shipwrecked mariner clings.
That nation is not worlh saving that does not
protect its friends, and that allows its bitterest
foes to insult, scourge, banish, and murder
those who have risked and suffered everything
to preserve its life.
But it is said that these outrages are to be
expected ; that they are the natural result of
the rebellion ; that really the South is in better
condition than could have been anticipated
before the war closed ; that there are not so
many bloody crimes as were expected; that,
therefore, we are doing well enough, and that
these bad passions must be allowed to work
off as they will. Now, this may be a consola-
tion to those of us who live at a safe distance
from the scene of these wrongs, but to the
unfortunate victims it must be a very sad
apology. When in all time before was it said
that it was useless to punish crime because
there was notas much ofit ashadbeen expected,
or that the offenses were not as outrageous and
flagrant as had been expected? When was it
said that criminals were not "to be punished
because it was expected that they would break
the law ? When was it said before that it was
better to punish the man who had committed
a crime when it was not expected than when
it was expected?
Those reckless outlaws who have nothing to
lose, who have been ruined by the rebellion,
under this process of reasoning are to be
allowed immunity from their crimes because
they are too wicked to do anything else than
commit them, and society must tamely submit
to them as to the earthquake, the tornado,
and the pestilence; to thank God that it is no
worse, and pray for deliverance at some future
day, when these men shall have died or got
tired of their depredations on society. That
they have not utterly overthrown society and
brought on a reign of anarchy is a subject of
congratulation to ns, and is matter of com-
mendation in them; and they should not be
punished, but held up as extremely exemplary
rebels, who are not half so bad as they could
be, and who, while they have outraged men in
small numbers and mainly in the dark, might
have done so in larger numbers, with hostile
arms, in broad daylight. And to the philo-
sophic victim of their malignity it must lend a
peculiar satisfaction to reflect, when a hundred
of his neighbors drag him from his bed at mid-
night, take him alone to some silent grove, and,
stripping him naked, apply fifty lashes to his
back, that he is peculiarly honored in that
respect on that occasion among all the men
of his county. Or, should the mode of pun-
ishment selected be the halter, how pleasant
must be the reflection to him, as he is about
to swing off into the dread unknown, that the
Constitution of his country does not allow
men to be treated thus in large numbers at
one time, but wisely and benignly provides
that it may be done privately, separately,
and apart from others, so as to exonerate the
act from the foul imputation of "domestic
violence," in which event, according to the
laws in such cases made and provided, the
General Government kindly looks down upon
its erring children and leaves all their crimes
to go unpunished because the State ought to
take the matter in hand and will not! And
when, in the last agony, he looks at his per-
secutors, and thinks of the Constitution of
his country as they construe it, he closes his
eyes with the sweet reflection that possibly
these outrages may at length grow so numer-
ous as to alarm the Governor or Legislature,
who then will call for help, and that in all
probability not more than ten thousand can
thus suffer before something will be done.
But while treating of the subject of expect-
ations, may it not be proper to suggest to those
who so loudly declaim against the mismanage-
ment in the South since the war, as the result
of Republican rule, that men who engage in
rebellion and civil war must expect to get into
trouble and to have all business, public and
private, deranged? They cannot expect that
after fighting for years to tear down and
destroy, and succeeding pretty well in doing
so, the very moment the arms of treason are
snatched from their hands, all the ruin they
have made will be reconstructed. They can-
not expect at once to be put in charge of the
rebuilding of the works they have destroyed.
They must expect somebody else to do that,
and perhaps to do it awkwardly. They must
not expect that all the losses and injuries and
misfortunes will bo confined to the march of
armies, the waste of war, the sears and wounds
and deaths of battle. But they must expect
that all business, all social life, all public
affairs, all offices, taxes, and expenditures,
all institutions and morals, all that interests
man, will be smitten with a curse for years.
And they must not expect to lay all this at the
door of the men who, having put their rebel-
lion down, are kindly and wisely striving to
do all things to restore order and peace.
Again, the complaint of the Democrats is
that this is a political movement, because we
seek to protect Republicans from outrage for
opinion's sake. They can see no political bear-
ing in the thing so long as Republicans are
whipped, overawed, burned out, banished, or
murdered because they have political opinions;
but the moment we talk of punishing the men
who do these damnable deeds it becomes poli-
tics. It is unfair and despotic political legis-
lative interference to carry elections the very
moment we begin to talk of punishing the
Ku Klux who has murdered his Republican
neighbor.
The Democrats do get and use the entire
benefit of the Ku Klux Klans. It is exactly,
as they say, political. They get up a reign
of terror, they encourage crimes of the most
frightful nature to carry elections. We would
suppress them, would punish them ; we would
restoreorder, fair-dealing, equality, and peace,
to secure free elections. Which is the better?
Choose ye. And when the Democrats have
obtained power in the nation by these means,
what may we not expect? Can we hope for
any good? Is it not the downfall, the dread
end, thebeginningofanarchy, dismemberment,
political death? This is a question of politics
involving all safety, all property, all liberty,
all life.
But it is said, further, that we have already
sufficient legislation to protect all, and that
nothing additional is needed. An answer that
may be deemed sufficient to all this is, that
whatever we have done has proven partially
ineffectual, and that at least an ordinary regard
for the public welfare should dictate to us the
importance of seeking some additional remedy
for the existing evils. Says Judge Marshall:
"The Constitution is framed for ages to come, and
is designed to approaoh immortality as nearly as
human institutions can approaoh it. Its course can-
not always be tranquil. It is exposed to storms and
tempests, and its trainers must be unwise states-
men indeed if they have not provided it. as far as
its nature will permit, with the means of self-pres-
ervation from the perils it may be destined to
encounter."
If the present enactments are insufficient to
check the progress of disorder Congress, with-
out hesitation, should exhaust every means to
meet the emergency. The enactments of 1795,
of 1807, of 1861, of 1862, and 1863 were framed
to repress insurrection and rebellion against
the State and national governments by the
aid of the militia and the regular Army; and
amongother thingsit was provided that causes,
civil or criminal, could be removed from the
State courts to the circuit court of the United
States, arising under any act done or omitted
to be done under color of the national author-
ity during the rebellion. And in pursuance
of this many causes were so removed and dis-
posed of in the United States courts; but, ex-
cept in this instance, the jurisdiction of United
States courts was not extended to cases and
offenses triable in State courts.
These laws were intended and were made
for incipient and existing insurrections and
rebellions; and it were as wise to say that
they were sufficient in the work of reconstruc-
tion, and that nothing need have been passed
on that subject, as to say that they are adapted
to the present emergency. The evils of rebel-
lion and civil war ended and of treason dis-
armed are upon us now with the attendant
derangement caused by the emancipation and
enfranchisement of the slaves. They are seen
in smothered hatred, secret revenges, spas-
modic outbreaks, bitter jealousies and ani-
mosities ; in fine, in strong hostility to our
Government, breaking out in opposition to law
covertly, in treachery, deceit, and double-deal-
