222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
to see that the laws are executed, he must
rely upon Congress for the means; but you
may clothe him with all the means necessary
to the execution of the judgments and decrees
of your courts. But before you call in arms,
before you say to law " Be silent," you must
resort to the peaceable means of the law. .
That is the spirit of our Constitution. You
overturn it wholly in the third and fourth sec-
tions of this bill, and without going to a court,
without beginning with the court, you begin
with war, and then turn the subjects of your
war over to the courts. You have begun at
tlie wrong end. Instead of clothing the Presi-
dent with this power, you should first have
seen that the necessary laws be passed if they
are not already ou your statute-book, and if he
needs power to execute the decrees of your
court, give him that power, even if it shall
require the exercise of military force. But to
begin with him first, and make him the sole
and only judge, as he is made by this bill,
whether there is insurrection, whether there is
domestic violence, whether there is combina-
tion, whether the State fails to afford protec-
tion to her people, and leave him wholly in the
dark as to whether it is to be an opposition by
ten men or a hundred men, whether it is *o
exist in one county or fifty counties, is simply
to clothe him with as absolute power as any
monarch on this earth enjoys. That is the
truth of it. The man never lived, not even
the Father of his Country, to whom I would
give such power ; but the idea of giving to the
President, the incumbent of the office, and a
candidate for reelection, this power under
which he may trample every sacred right of
Americans under loot and all the freedom of
the ballot-box, if he sees fit to exercise it, with
a great party at his back to sustain him, is
simply the destruction of our institutions.
Mr. President, it was well said by one of the
finest thinkers of modem times that there is
110 despotism so much to be feared as the des-
potism of ft party in a country of free institu-
tions. There is no despotism so much to be
feared as power in the hands of the chief of a
party in a country of popular institutions; and
why so? If the Czar of Russia attempts to
oppress his people, he- has no army at his
back except the organized army of the em-
pire, and perhaps not even that. We all recol-
lect the remark of Voltaire, that the Govern-
ment oi' Russia was a despotism tempered by
assassination. But when the chief of a great
party in a Republic, at the head, perhaps, of
a majority of the people, and backed by his
party, and especially when backed by the legis-
lative department as well, sees lit to exercise
power without discretion, without judgment,
without virtue, oppressively, wrongfully, injur-
iously, in the interests of his party, that party
by which he was placed in power and by which
he is kept there, then I say that that, the des-
potism of that man, is the worst despotism on
the lace of the earth, a worse despotism than
that of any monarch. That is the power that
you propose to put in the hands of your Pres-
ident. That is the power with which you pro-
pose to clothe him.
You say these Ku Klux outrages are not
simply violations of the rights of individuals
by individuals, but that they have a political
character; that the organization is iu the inter-
est of a political party; and you propose to
give to the chief of the other political party
the whole military power of the Government
in order that he may make war on his political
opponents. I say if you do that, no matter
what General Grant's titles to the esteem of
the American people may be, you will have
clothed him with a power which, if lie is not
more than mortal man, will shipwreck his
fame, and with it, I fear, shipwreck the insti
tutions of the country.
I had intended to speak of the provisions of
this section somewhat in detail. I intended to
show how everything is left to his discretion.
Let us see what he has a right to decide under
this section. "That in all cases where insur-
rection "—he may decide whether there is an
insurrection or not. " Domestic violence"—
he may decide that. But there need be no in-
surrection j there need be no domestic violence.
If there are "unlawful combinations or con-
spiracies in any State," he is to decide that.
But that is not all. He is to decide whether
those combinations or conspiracies "deprive
any portion or class of the people of such State
of any of the rights, privileges, or immunities,
or protection, named in the Constitution, and
secured by this act." He is again to decide
whether they " obstruct the equal and impar-
tial course of justice ;" and then he is to de-
cide whether "the constituted authorities of
such State shall either be unable to protect or
shall, from any cause, fail in or refuse protec-
tion." His judgment is put above that of the
authorities of the State. They may say, and
say ever so truly, and ever so strongly, that
they are able to protect the citizen, that they
do not fail in giving protection. The Governor
may say so, as the Governor of Mississippi does;
the Legislature may say so; the courts may say
so; the people of the State may say so; and
yet this one man's will is placed above them
all. He is the sole, supreme, and absolute
judge of all these things, and upon his judg-
ment depends the uso of the whole military
power of this Government against the people
of the United States. If that is not absolute
despotism, then I do not know what despot-
ism means. If that is not the power to make
war upon the people of the United States at
the mere will and pleasure of the President
for any purpose which he may have in view,
then I do not know what the power to make
war means.
But, sir, it does not stop there. Next, we
have delegated to him what I maintain cannot
be delegated to him: the power to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus. That writ which has
been so much lauded, that writ of which we
read when we were studying law in our schools,
that it was the pride of England, and which it
is the boast of Blackstone had never been sus-
pended in England from the time of its enact-
ment, in the days of Charles II, to the time he
wrote ; that writ which secures liberty, which
secures life; that great writ which has now
come to be of so little account, has come to be
so little cherished in this country of free insti-
tutions that you are willing to give to the
President the discretion to suspend it at his
will.
I say if you had the power to do it it would
be a monstrous thing to do it; but I deny that
you have any such power. Upon this I shall
not remark at great length, but only state a
few propositions.
In the first place, I say the power to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus is a legislative power,
not an executive power. It is a legislative
power, because, first, the provision iu regard
to its suspension is found in the legislative
article of the Constitution ; and for a much
higher reason than that: it is nowhere con-
ferred upon the President; and where this
Government has a power that is not conferred
upon either the executive department or the
judicial department, in tho very nature of
things it must be a power conferred upon the
legislative department.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to ask
my friend one question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Ohio yield to the Senator from Wisconsin ?
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I will, this time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I agree with him, that
where any power is conferred upon the Govern-
ment, generally, its execution calls for legis-
lation on the part of Congress, and Congress,
under the last clause of the legislative article,
is authorized to pass all laws necessary and
proper to carry into execution the powers con-
ferred upon the Government. If the power is
conferred upon the Government to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, and is not in the
Constitution located in either of the depart-
ments, I want to ask my friend what is the
objection to Congress legislating on that sub-
ject, and providing that the President, in cer-
tain events and contingencies to happen iu the
future, may suspend the writ ?
Mr. THURMAN. I was coming to that.
My friend by his question has only anticipated
the line of my argument. The power to sus-
pend the writ is a legislative power. It is a
legislative power for the reasons I have stated,
and it has been so decided by the courts again
and again. It is not given to the executive
and it is not given to the judiciary, and there-
fore from the very necessity of the case the
power must be a legislative power. But the
writ was so much valued that we find in the
Constitution this express provision:
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpwt shall
not be suspended unless when in eases of rebellion or
invasion the public safety may requiro it."
Somebody, then, is to judge as to when it
shall be suspended, to judge of the facts
whether there is a case of rebellion or whether
there is a case of invasion, and then, further,
whether the public safety requires it.
These aro the grounds upon which the sus-
pension may be ordered. The suspension can-
not be made legally unless this foundation for
it exists. There must be a rebellion, and tho
public safety must require its suspension, or
there must be invasion and the public safety
must require its suspension, otherwise it can-
not be suspended. These foundations must
exist to authorize whoever suspends it to act.
If it is Congress that has the power to suspend
it, Congress must judge of the existence of
these grounds. You cannot delegate that
power to anybody else. I know that once
and but once, I believe, in the history of this
country you did do so, in the midst of the late
civil war ; but I need not say to the Senate that
a great many acts were passed then that per-
haps in after times can only be put upon tho
ground assumed by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Cawenter] some time since in the
Senate—that in time of war every power iu
the Constitution except the war-making power
is in abeyance. 1 do not subscribe to that
doctrine. That was the doctrine upon which
he maintained the other day the lawfulness ef
acts which now in time of peace he declares to
be plainly unconstitutional. But we are not
in a state of war now, nor do I subscribe to
that doctrine that war puts an end to all of tho
Constitution but the war-making power.
This being the case, then, and this being a
legislative power, can it be delegated? Surely
I ought not to find it necessary to ask such a
question as that, and much less to present the
legal authorities; but I am required to do so,
aud upon this question I beg leave to read a
few extracts, and for convenience, although I
have the books here, I will read them from a
speech of a respected colleague of mine in the
other House. First, is this a legislative power?
In the ease of ex parte Bollman aud Swart-
wout Chief Justice Marshall said;
"If at any time the public safety should requiro
the suspension of the powers of this act in the
courts of the United States
That is, the habeas corpus act—
"it is for the Legislature to say so. That question
depends on political considerations, on winch the
Legislature is to decide. Until the legislative will
be expressed this court can only see its duty, and
must obey the law."
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, remarks:
"Hitherto no suspension of tho writ hfeever been
