1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
authorized by Congress since tlie establishment of
the Constitution. It would seem, as the pow-eris
given to Congress to suspend the writ of habeas cor-
pMsin oases ol rebellion or invasion, that the right
to judge whether the exigency had arisen
Not shall arise—
"must exclusively belong to that body."
You are to decide upon the facts. You are
not to provide for facts in the future and turn
over the decision to somebody else, but the
jurisdiction to decide whether the exigency
has arisen is upon Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. The exigency to do what?
Mr. THURMAN. The exigency to suspend
the writ, not to delegate to somebody else to
judge whether the exigency has arisen, and
not by prescribing what shall constitute the
exigency and making somebody else the judge
of it.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me, does not the authority that he reads
say that it is for Congress to authorize the
suspension—not to suspend, but to authorize
the suspension?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Read again from Story,
and see if he does not say so.
Mr. THURMAN. "Hitherto no suspen-
sion of the writ has ever been authorized by
Congress since the establishment of the Con-
stitution."
Mr. CONKLING. That is the point.
Mr. THURMAN. Tobesure, "authorized
by Congress." Bat I will read on and read
the whole:
"It would seem, as the power is given to Congress
to su-spend the writ of habeas corpus in eases of
rebellion or invasion"—
This argument is for the very purpose of
showing that you cannot authorize anybody
else to do it, and he gives the reason why there
can be no such authorization—
"Tt, would seem, as thft power is ftiven to Congress
t.o suspend the writ of habeas corpus in cases of re-
bellion or invasion, that the right to judge whether
the exigency had arisen must exclusively belong to
that body."
That is given as a reason why there never
has been any authorization of anybody else
to suspend the writ. Then it is a legislative
power. VVhftt said Chief Justice Marshall in
the case of Wyman vs. Southard?
"It will not be contended that Congress can del-
egate to the courts, orto any other tribunals, powers
which arc strictly legislative."
Can we delegate to somebody else the power
to make war? My friend from Vermont went
to that extent yesterday, but I do not think
after sleeping all night he will say so this
morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not sleep all night.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. THURMAN. T cannot believe he will
say so this morning; and although he has taken
up a queer old act, a filibustering act, which
was passed in secret, and which Congress was
so much ashamed of that it did not make it
public for a long time afterward, it will take
more than one such instance to justify the
argument that Congress can delegate the power
to the President of the United Slates to make
war.
Some allusion was made in a colloquy be-
tween the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] and the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] to those laws that had been passed
by Legislatures submitting questions lo the
people. The Senator from Vermont, in answer
to the Senator from Delaware, asseited, as I
understood him, that the majority of the courts
of the United^States had sustained lawswhieh
became effective upon the approbation of the
people to whom they were submitted for a
popular vote. If that was what he intended
to say I take issue with him upon it, and say
that that is not the state of the law in this
country ; but on the, contrary, I do not think
he can find.a case, although I will not assert
that he cannot, because it is pretty hard to
state anything so absurd that you cannot find
some absurd judge who had ruled it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have come to that con-
clusion myself very lately.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; that is so.
Story need not have written his Conflict of
Laws if there had been no absurd judges in
the world. But I do not think the Senator will
find a case that supports any such doctrine as
that. Here is the distinction : where a Legis-
lature has passed a law, and said that that law
shall go into effect or not according to the vote
of the people, that has always been held to be
void, so far as I know.
For instance, the State of Ohio passed a
law, if my recollection is right, for the prohibi-
tion of the sale of spirituous liquors, and pro-
vided that it should go into effect in such coun-
ties as by a majority of their people voted that
it should go into effect, and in the counties
that voted against it it should have no effect
and should be no law. That was held to be
unconstitutional. But when the Legislature
passes a law that clothes somebody with power
to do an act upon receiving the approbation
of the people, such a law has been sustained.
Why? Because the act is done in pursuance
of the law, and the approbation of the people
is merely a contingency which happens, and
which does not authorize them, the people, to
make the law, but authorizes a particular act
to be done. That is the case with nearly all
the subscriptions to railroad companies that
have been made under laws where the ques-
tion of subscription was submitted to the peo-
ple. The Legislature passes a law authoriz-
ing a city, or county, or township to subscribe
to the stock of a railroad company, but says
to the municipal authorities, "You shall not
make that subscription until you submit the
question whether you shall subscribe, and how
much you shall subscribe, to the vote of the
people; if a majority of them say subscribe
this much, then you have the authority to do
it; you may exercise that authority or you
may not exercise it; but having their approba-
tion, you may make the subscription." The
power to make the subscription is in the law.
It is a good law; and the vote of the people
is taken under that law. It is no delegation
whatever of legislative power to the people,
but simply their approbation, not of the law,
but of the subscription. That is the distinc-
tion ; those cases have been sustained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I will say that I did not cite that class of
cases in support of my proposition. I admit
they do not support it; that is merely the exer-
cise of private power to exercise a private
right. I cited the class of eases where crim-
inal acts may or may not be done, as the peo-
ple, when the question is left to them, shall
decide that the law shall go into force or shall
not have force.
Mr. THURMAN. I must say that I do not
read as many law reports as I formerly did.
I made a calculation once and I found that a
man would require about four thousand days
in the year in order to be able to read all the
law literature annually published in the Eng-
lish langu'age, and so I gave it up ; and I will
not, as I said before, undertake to say what
decisions may be found ; but I must say that
if there are any such decisions, I most respect-
fully beg leave to dissent. I might say, as
Mr. Webster once said in the Supreme Court
of the United States, that I have great respect
for all decisions until reversed; and I think
if there is such a decision as the Senator sup-
poses, it will be reversed should the question
ever come up again. Let that pass ; it surely
cannot be necessary here to argue that we
cannot delegate this power. The only ques
tion is, is this a delegation of the power? If
I am right in saying that it is a legislative
power, and that the Legislature must decide
whether the contingency has happened, whether
the grounds do exist, then I say you cannot
delegate it.
And this is to be perfectly distinguished
from cases where the President is authorized
to issue a proclamation in verification of a
fact.^ That is one of the familiar cases. The
President was authorized while the embargo
law was in force, if he was satisfied that any
foreign Government had remove'd its restric-
tions upon our commerce so as to allow free
and uninterrupted trade with its people, to
issue his proclamation that the embargo as to
that people was at an end; but there was no
question of discretion like this which is vested
in this act; nothing of the kind. The Presi-
dent's issuing that proclamation was the mere
verification of a (act. I do not care in what
language it is clothed, it is the mere verifi-
cation of the fact. No matter what the phrase-
ology of the statute is, it is the act itself that
provides for that contingency.
But, again, there are other cases in which
the happening of the event is to be verified.
There were cases during the war, where you
authorized Mr. Lincoln, by proclamation, to
verify certain facts. When the war had
ceased in certain insurrectionary States, if
he found that it had, then you authorized him
to issue his proclamation that the rebellion
was at an end in those States, and then trade
with them might be resumed. Then your act
prohibitingtrade would cease as to those States.
That is all right enough ; there is no difficulty
about that. There the President's proclama-
tion simply verifies the fact; that is all it does.
This is a different case from that. You do
not say in.this bill that upon such and such a
state of facts existing the writ of habeas cor-
pus shall be suspended ; you do not say that
it shall be suspended and submit to the Presi-
dent simply the verification of the facts whether
the case for its suspension exists. I deny that
you have any right to do that, because I deny
that anybody but Congress has the right to
judge whether or not the facts have occurred
authorizing the suspension ; but if you did
that, there might be somewhat more semblance
of law in the provision ; but here you only
authorize him to suspend it, so that the discre-
tion to suspend the writ, which is a legislative
discretitfti, you delegate to him. 1 do not be-
lieve you have the power to do that; and if
you had the power, I do not believe it would
be wise to exercise it.
Mr. President, I have occupied more of the
time of the Senat® than I expected to do; I
have spoken nearly twice as long as I expected
to do ; but the importance of this subject,
which we all admit, is such that I hope I shall
be excused. I agree with the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in his opening re-
marks the other day, that the question before
us is really a question whether we will revolu-
tionize our Government. Interpretations arc
given to the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments, but especially to the fourteenth,
which, if they become the settled interpreta-
tion, blot out the State governments entirely.
For ail practical purposes they blot them out;
and we shall have, if those interpretations
prevail, but one Government in the United
States, and that the Federal Government, no
longer a Federal Government, but a consol-
idated, centralized Government.
Mr. President, my own opinion is that one
of the greatest sources of the prosperity and
happiness of the American people has been
the existence of the State governments ; that
one of the things indispensable to good legis-
lation and the happiness of any people is that
their legislation in that which concerns them
immediately aud does not concern other peo-
ple shall be local. Strike out local legislation
from your system, make it a system of consol-
