1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
ing; in an avoidance of every civil duty and
obligation; in a contempt for the officers of
justice, of the revenue, and of the legislative
and executive branches ; in the ready dispo-
sition to obstruct the operation of laws slyly ;
in ignoring crimes; in throwing off he restraint
of oaths ; in the entire disregard of all legal
rights.
This state of facts is what we have to deal
with and legislate about, and is not to be reached
by the same appliances as those used for put-
ting down rebellion with hostile arms. The
law to protect civil rights stands first in im-
portance after close of the war; then comes the
act for the freedmen, and then those for recon-
struction, followed by the fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments to the Constitution and
the act to aid the latter, all original, unprece-
dented, and fit acts of legislation growing out
of the times. They have done and are doing
their grand work at this hour; they are proper
sequels of the triumph in arms over warring
treason. And now, after the work of recon-
struction, after the readmission of all the States
to representation in Congress, after the removal
of disabilities from thousands of rebels, after
all the signal acts of clemency to these recent
enemies, their restoration quietly and kindly to
their homes, to the protection of the laws, to
their places in society, to the elective franchise,
to the right to hold office, to all the immeasur-
able benefits and blessings of our Government,
we have a still further work to do, and that is,
to provide against the immeasurable and incon-
ceivable deceit, depravity, treachery, and in-
gratitude of many of these very recipients of
the public bounty. It could not be deajt with
before, for it never existed before, never was
dreamed of; nobody ever thought of such a
condition of affairs, and so nobody ever framed
a law to meet it. We face it now; the facts
are all around us; and with, the same care,
earnest purpose, and magnanimous design that
framed the great measures of reconstruction,
and made secure their blessings forever, we
must move on to the new labor now placed in
onr hands. Let there be no backward foot-
steps.
Many seem to be unconscious of the facts
or unwilling to recognize them. Some seen;
to think we are standing just where we stood
when the Constitution was framed and when
nobody but patriots took part in public affairs.
Such men worship the past with idolatrous
devotion and grow hoarse in pleading for the
Constitution as it was, but are blind to what-
ever is near or around them. They claim that
the legislation which in former times was meant
for another thing will do for the living present.
Let them alone, for they are joined to their
idols. Somebody must be awake ; somebody
must move on; somebody must act as the hour
demands; somebody must bear the flag of pro-
gress ; somebody must step to the music of
the Union. So far in all this glorious strug-
gle it has been the signal good fortune of the
Republican party to do that work. And there
it is to-day, battling for order, for law, for
peace, for justice, for equal protection, and
for domestic tranquillity to be insured to every
poor man and every weak man and every
oppressed man, side by side with the wealthy
and powerful.
For one moment from the works of that great
party we turn to look to our greater country,
saved by its exertions, confident in its perpet-
ual power, justice, and integrity. Through all
this long and bloody struggle she has proven
strong euough for every emergency; strong
enough to put down rebellion, strong enough
to free every slave, strong enough to recon-
struct the revolted States, strong enough to
restore political power to the very men who
bore arms against her, kind enough to over-
look all their errors, wise enough with one
hand to annihilate treason and with the other
to cultivate the arts of peace.
The question then arises, what additional
legislation is needed? The act of July, 1870,
to enforce the fifteenth amendment, is held by
some to be sufficient warrant to the President
to act in all cases. But, taken with its con-
text and when considered as in aid of the
fifteenth amendment alone, it is held by others
to be insufficient. This doubt exists, and it
is supposed to be better to make an explicit
enactment in aid of the fourteenth amendment,
similar in its scope and intent to that of 1870.
If precedent is wanted for such a measure it
is found in this act broad enough to cover all
questions. The fifth section relates to offenses
against the right of suffrage, but the sixth is
much broader and goes as far as the present
measure, where it provides that if persons shall
conspire with intent, or shall injure, oppress,
threaten, or intimidate any citizen with intent
to prevent or hinder his free exercise and en-
joyment of any right or privilege granted or
secured by the laws or Constitution, or because
of his having exercised the same, they shall be
guilty of felony. And in the seventh section
it is provided that if a felony is committed in
violating any provision of either of the two
preceding sections, that felony shall be pun-
ished. Here, then, a conspiracy is made a fel-
ony, and the felonies of the States are adopted
as part of the criminal code of the United
States. This goes at least as far as we propose
to go now. The precedent is fully established.
The measure under consideration gives a civil
remedy parallel to the penal provision based
upon the first section of the civil rights act.
If this penal section is valid, and no one dares
controvert it, the civil remedy is legal and un-
questionable. This, too, is built upon the solid
rock of precedent.
What reasonable objection can there be to
that part which provides that when insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, unlawful combina-
tions or conspiracies in a State shall obstruct
the operation of its laws, &c., and the State
authorities fail or refuse to act, then this shall
be deemed a denial of equal protection, and
the President by military power may suppress
the disturbances and aid in making arrests ?
Does any onecourt or justify "insurrection ; "
insurrection too great for State power? Does
any one desire or countenance "domestic vio-
lence;" theoverthrowofStateinstitutions? If
so, let him speak. Does any one favor unlawful
combinations or conspiracies too strong or too
dangerous for the State to cope with? Then
publish that to the world. Stand there and
struggle like men for the right of a State to allow
within its borders all these terrible deeds to be
done ; to permit mobs, conspiracies, robbery,
and murder at will. Assert that the State was
made for that very purpose and exists on that
theory. Does any Democrat dare to stand on
that platform and boldly defend it? Why,
then, does that party oppose this provision?
Why do they set up the mad-dog cry of tyr-
anny ? What tyranny is there in putting down
these evils? What dangerous precedent?
What unsound principles? When the civil
power fails, why should these outlaws not
be arrested by military power as well as by
any other ? Is the outlaw any less an outlaw
for being thus arrested? Ah, sir, it is there
that the difficulty lies; the arrest—the arrest,
the arrest of villains who strike down Union
men—we would arrest them, Democrats would
not.
Then there is another provision that provokes
equal hostility. This defines rebellion, with
arms in its violent hands, overthrowing State
authority or aided by State authority, and en-
acts that when it exists, and the courts of justice
cannot act and public safety is destroyed, the
President may declare martial law and suspend
the writ of habeas corpus.
But, says the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Van Trump,] " Congress is the solo judge of
the time when the writ should be suspended.
It cannot delegate that power." This is the
old exploded doctrine relied on when all per-
sons believed that revolution and civil war
was impossible, but proved to be insufficient
and unsound when actual rebellion was in ex-
istence. Then it was found to be necessary to
authorize the Executive to suspend the writ.
But we need not resort to such an argument
here, for, in point of fact, Congress exercises
the discretion.
In the case before us the time within which
it may be done, is fixed, is covered by Congress
expressly, is but a short space in advance, is
under the influence of present, existing, and
well-known circumstances. In fine, the sus-
pension is judged of upon a state of facts sub-
mitted to Congress, is acted upon as a matter
of fact by Congress, and in every sense of the
term is made at the discretion of Congress.
The trouble is, the legislation does not suit
the gentleman for other reasons, and it i3 quite
convenient to hatch up constitutional objec-
tions upon a supposed case. No danger can
arise from the use of executive discretion for
the short time till Congress meets in Decem-
ber next; then, if need be, Congress may act
again. Mark well the language: "whenever
in any State, or part of State, the unlawful
combinations shall be organized and armed,
and so numerous as to be able, by violence,
to overthrow or defy the State authorities, or
when they connive at the unlawful purposes of
these combinations," then the President may
declare martial law. Does not everybody see
that this is a desperate state of public affairs,
calling for prompt and strong measures?
Does any Democrat indorse open and flagrant
rebellion? Does he favor it within State lines
arid against State courts and State laws? Or
does he go further and favor it as against all
laws? It is this extreme and direful condition
of public and general lawlessness that is con-
templated by this provision. When all law and
all courts and all civil process are mashed
down, then we say, let the writ of habeas corpus
be suspended and let military power step in
and restore order. That is all. What else can
be done? Who else can act? Can any Demo-
crat tell? Can one of them work the miracle
and restore peace? We think not. Experience
has shown the contrary. We propose to go
practically to work and put an end to these
rebellions, as we put an end to the great one, by
every means that struggling patriots may use,
by the favor of Heaven, to save their country.
Mr. HOLMANobtainedthefloor,andyielded
twenty minutes to Mr. W. 11. Roberts.
Mr. W. It. ROBERTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to oppose this bill as, in my opinion, one of the
most unjust, iniquitous, and unconstitutional
that has ever been presented to an American
Congress. I oppose it, not through prejudice
to any class of men, because I have none; not
through a factious or partisan spirit, because
I trust that in the discussion of a great ques-
tion, involving the principle of justice to all
men, I can rise above party and prejudice and
follow the light of my own judgment and the
prompting of my own conscience; but, sir, I
oppose this bill because it is at war with every
priuciple which Americans havo learned to
revere in the past, to honor in the present,
and to rely upon for the preservation of their
liberties in the future.
Sir, I think it will be admitted that the
founders of this Republic were wise men ; his-
tory has done them that justice ; they were not
alone wise but patriotic men, and they were
not alone patriotic, but they loved liberty.
Patriotism was with them a motive power,
liberty on active principle, and wisdom the
careful pilot that controlled and directed both.
It may be, sir, that there are to-day numbers
of our statesmen (so called) who consider them-
selves wiser and greater than our revolution-
ary fathers ; they move on a larger stage, see
more of the world, and then their great advan-
tage consists in this, they live in an age of
progress ; this seems to be the grand idea, and
doubtless there is much truth in it.
Notwithstanding that, some cynical people
suggest occasionally that our progress is like
the movement of the earth; or, to use a homely
