224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Boreman.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
idated unity; strike out "JEpluribus unurn"
from your flag, tear from it all its stars but
one, and you will not only have destroyed the
States, but with them the liberties, the pros-
perity, and the happiness of the people.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. A. L BOREMAN,
* Off WEST VIRGINIA,
In. the United States Senate,
April 13,1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(H.R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendmoutto the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. BOREMAN said:
Mr. President: Much time has been con-
sumed in discussing the general subject of what
has come to be familiarly known as "south-
ern outrages." Had it not been for the consid-
eration of the disturbed condition of society in
the southern States Congress would, no doubt,
have adjourned more than a month since. I
have no desire to avoid my share of the re-
sponsibility for thus extending the session of
the national Legislature. I believed at first,
and still believe, that we should not have dis-
charged the duty we owed to the country had
we gone home without an investigation into
and action on, tho unhappy state of affaira
which has developed itself in the late insur-
rectionary section of the Union.
1 feel assured, from the evidence that has
been laid before us and is coming up from day
to day, that our labor has not been unprofit-
able, has not been in vain, but must result in
much good, not only to the section immediately
interested, but to the whole country. The peo-
ple of the East, North, and West seemed to
be incredulous as to the extent of the great
wrongs that are being perpetrated upon the
loyal people in another portion of the Repub-
lic. And, if nothing more has been accoin
plished, the fact that the Congress of the Uni
ted States has deemed the situation so immi-
nent as to necessitate the unusual prolongation
of the session must attract the public mind to
and impress it with the supreme importance
of the occasion.
Sir, why are we,here to-day? Have not the
facts brought before our minds justified aud
fully sustained our action in this regard as
imperative, and as a patriotic effort to faith-
fully discharge the high duty devolving upon
us as the legislators of the nation in whose
hands ill a great degree are the honor, peace,
. prosperity, aud happiness of tho country?
When we look over our beloved land we be-
hold a spectacle that must mostdeeply concern
(lie devotees of free and well-regulated govern-
ments. The condition of the South should
excite the solicitude of all good citizens, what-
ever their party affiliations may be.
Sir, we had a right to expect better things.
After the magnanimity shown those who had
attempted the life of the nation we had a right to
derailed at their hands at least ail " acceptance
ot the situation.'' When the war ended their sol-
diers were alio wed to go to their homes in safety.
Ho man was punished. The declaration came
from them that the arbitrament of the sword
had settled their long-cherished theory of our
Government against them, and that thenceforth
we should have peace. After the surrender at
Appomattox we were assured that the strife
was ended. But how much have we found our-
selves mistaken—ay, disappointed? Proposi-
tion after proposition to that great end have
been indignantly rejected. True, slavery was
abolished. That was an act and result of the
war at which a nation rejoiced and which was
scarcely condemned by any in the loyal States.
Out of the great national calamity came, under
Providence, this act of justice to millions of
the human race.
The white people of the South were allowed
to try the experiment of reconstructing the
governments of their States. They were ten-
dered the fourteenth amendment as a proposi-
tion of peace to the nation. This was rejected.
It was not until Match, 1867, nearly two years
after the surrender, and after it became mani-
fest that the purpose was to thwart and defeat
the results of the war, and in fact, if not in
name, to re&nslave the millions who had been
freed by it, that the first act of reconstruction
was passed. These acts became an absolute
necessity to secure the results of the great con-
flict. Reconstruction has progressed in the
face of continued opposition and ceaseless
violence. The fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments have been ratified and become parts of
the organic law of the land; and yet they are
warred upon and resisted, and the cry is that
they should be annulled, set aside, and torn
away from that great instrument. And still
the strife goes on. We are to have no peace
except by again manifesting the strong arm
of the law-making power of the Government.
And we are here to-day engaged in this ardu-
ous, difficult, and patriotic work. And be-
cause the necessity is upon us, on account of
the cruel, inhuman, ana revolutionary acts of
organized hands of lawless and wicked men at
the South, we are told that reconstruction is a
failure. It is iterated and reiterated in our
ears from day to day that it is a "failure."
Sir, I deny that reconstruction is a failure.
It is nevertheless true that, solely on account
of the lawless bands to which I have alluded,
the condition of the South is one of terror and
peril to the loyal people of that unhappy por-
tion of our country. But if reconstruction
has failed to any appreciable extent, whose
fault is it? ' Why is it that the people of the
southern States have not, according to their
covenant upon their surrender, ana accord-
ing to their duty under the circumstances at
the conclusion of our unfortunate difficul-
ties, obeyed the law, become peace-loving and
good citizens of the Republic, and contributed
to the unity and harmony and strength, instead
of to the distraction and weakness of our in-
stitutions? I claim, but do not propose at
this moment to enter upon that particular
question, that authoritative action of the Dem-
cratic party in this country and the declara-
tions of its leaders have encouraged the south-
ern people in their opposition to the recon-
struction measures of Congress, and induced
them to pursue the course which they have
pursued and which has given us the trouble
that is upon our hands to-day. And it is the
bitter fruits of this teaching that we are here,
if it be possible, to provide a remedy for. The
proposition under consideration is the result
of the deliberations of the other branch of the
national Legislature, with such amendments as
have suggested themselves to the members of
the Judiciary Committee of this body.
The Democratic members of this body, I
believe without an exception, deny that there
is any necessity for the measure now pending,
or for any measure whatsoever upon this subject.
They deny, in the first place, that there is any
considerable disturbance in the southern States.
They deny that there is any extended organ-
ization such as that which is popularly denom-
inated Ku Klux. And, sir, I should not at-
tempt to consider this question were it not that
they dwell upon the fact, as they claim it to be,
that there is no evidence which justifies any
action.
Day before yesterday and yesterday it was
repeated, again and again, by both the Sena-
tors from Delaware that there was no evidence
which should command the respect of a court
of justice, even in the trial of the most trivial
offense, to prove the existence of these out-
rages in the South. Why, sir, I can but ex-
press my utter astonishment at the position
taken by the Opposition members upon this
subject. Is it possible that either the legis-
lative or executive department of a great Gov-
ernment like this is to be controlled in its
action, narrowed down in the transaction of
its business, to the restricted technicalities that
are observed in the petty courts of the country
in controversies between individuals ? No, sir,
a Government could not be carried on in that
way. A more liberal rule must obtain in
matters of great public concern. Some things
are to be recognized as existing; and one of
these things, it Beems to me, is that the peace
of the country is to be taken notice of by the
executive and by the legislative departments
of the Government. No evidence ! Why, sir,
the evidence comes up from all the highways
and by-ways. The air is full of it. There is
enough, it seems to me, to satisfy every'states-
man to whose hands is confided any portion
of the interests of this country, who is selected
ei-ther to make or to execute the law.
As was well said by the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Morton] a week or two since,
when this matter was first under discussion,
we need no evidence to satisfy us that a war
has recently been waging in Europe, and yet
we were not present. Our Government has
acted as if such a war did exist; we have
recognized it as existing. But we have not a
tithe of the evidence of the existence of that
war that we have of the terrible conflict that
is going on in a section of our own country.
Other instances might be, given to illustrate
this matter, but it seems to me unnecessary
to do so. The evidence is plain, palpable,
and sufficient to convince the mind of every
considerate man that this state of things does
exist in the South, and that it cannot be con-
trolled by the constituted authorities. Not
only does the evidence prove the existence of
the Ku Klux organization, but it proves that
they have, existed siuee August, 1868, and that
they continue up to the present time; that
they have murdered many inoffensive people ;
that they have stripped naked and scourged
large numbers of men and women ; that they
have been guilty of barbarities unparalleled in
the history of civilized nations. And nearly
the whole of these barbarous and cruel act3
were perpetrated on political grounds, and
because the victims favored the Republican
party. In addition to all this, they have driveu
good citizens of northern birth from their
homes for no other reason than that they were
from the North and favored the Republican
party.
But, sir, because of the allegations here from
time to time, that there is no evidence to justify
the action of Congress, or to prove the exist-
ence of these organizations in the South and
their wicked practices, [ have thought it better
to refer for a short time to some of the evi-
dence before us and before the country ; and,
first, in regard to North Carolina. The extent
and purpose of the organization in that Stato
appear from the evidence accompanying the
report of the investigating committee. * 1 will
read an extract from the testimony of one of
the numerous witnesses, James K. Boyd, who
was himself a member, and who testifies that
he understood their numbers to be forty thou-
sand in the State. Here are the extracts :
" James E. Boyd, sworn and examined:
" 13y the Chairman:
"Question. Where do you reside, and what is your
occupation or profession?
"Answer. I live in the town of Graham, county of
Alamance, State of North Carolina, 1 am a lawyer
by profession.
"Question. How long have you resided there ?
"Answer. I have lived in the county of Alamance
since my birth; I was born in Alamance county ; I
have lired in the town of Gi'aham about sixteen
years.
"Question. What knowledge have you, if any, of
secret organizations in that county for political pur-
