462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
phrase, like a blind horse in a brick yard, ad-
vancing in a circle. But, however this may be,
there is no denying the fact that we are pro-
gressing in many things, at least we have left
behind the simplicity of manners, dress, and
living that characterized the people in the
early days of this Republic. The simple tastes,
the modest dwelling, and the substantial fare
are voted vulgar,stupid, and intolerable; and
what is still more important, the sensitive
honestythat insisted upon being like Caesar's
wife, above suspicion, and the unimpeachable
honor that intrenched itself within impreg-
nable ramparts of virtue, have almost wholly
disappeared; and we are now advancing in
extravagance and its attending vices, in lust
of power and its attending vices, and toward
imperialism with such rapid and solid strides
that at the sam e rate of " progress'' for another
decade, or half of it, it is not difficult to tell
where this Republic will end.
If there was one principle more fully rec-
ognized than another by the l'ramers of our
Constitution, it was that of a distribution
of power in the administration of our Govern-
ment. This was the grand and indispensable
condition that crowned their labors with suc-
cess and secured liberty for us and for our chil-
dren. No thought was further from their minds
than of placing unlimited and irresponsible
power in the hands of any one man, and no
plan or scheme of government was more repug-
nant to thera than that which embodied the
idea of centralization.
Let us see, sir, what the great mind of
Thomas Jefferson says on this point, and what
thoughts were uppermost in the mind of the
author of the Declaration of Independence at
the time, when the men who won from des-
potism the liberties we are now madly and
wickedly seeking to destroy, were endeavoring
to establish those liberties on a basis of law
and justice, as enduring and as broad as the
planet on which we live. I trust Jefferson's
words will sink deep into the hearts and minds
of gentlemen on the other side of the House
and that they will bear good fruit in due time.
There may be great statesmen among them,
but I think they will concede to Jefferson a
slight superiority in wisdom, to say nothing of
patriotism:
"But it is not by the consolidation or concentration
of powers, but by their distribution, that good gov-
ernment is effected. Wore not this groat country
already divided into States, that division must bo
made that each might do for itself what concerns
itself directly and what it can so much better than
a distant authority. Every State, again, is divided
into counties, each to take care of what lies within
its local bounds; each county, again, into townships
or wards, to manage minuter details; and every ward
into farms, to be governed each by its individual pro-
prietor. Were we directed from Washington when
to sowand when to reap, we shouldsoon wantbread.
It is by this partition of cares, descending in grada-
tion fiom general to particular, that the mass of
human affairs may be best managed for the good
and prosperity ot all."—Jej)'e/-8on'8Woi-ks,vo\.l, p. 70.
And again he says :
"Freedom of the press and freedom of the person
under the protection of the habeas corpus, and trial
by juries impartially selected, and the support of the
State governments in all their rights as tho most
competent administrators for our domestic concerns,
and the surest bulwarks against anti-republican ten-
dencies."
I ask the gentlemen of this House, can the
language of man be plainer, clearer, or more
emphatic than this? Does not the wisdom of
this great and good man condemn every line,
clause, and provision of this bill, the true title
of which should be, "A bill to change the Gov-
ernment of these United States; to establish
an empire in fact on a republic in name; to
rob the people of their liberties, and grant to
the descendants of the New England Puritans
titles of nobility similar to those of their old
England forefathers, with the privilege to hunt
Quakers, to hang witches, and to exchange
New England rum for slaves, and for other
purposes?''
But, sir; we are told that the fourteenth
amendment justifies this bill introduced by the
gentleman from Ohio. Sir, I deny it. No hon-
est or unbiased man, whose judgments not
warped by partisanship or prejudice, will say
that the fourteenth amendment was intended
to destroy the rest of the Constitution save in
so far as it preserved the form; but of what
use would that be, when its virtues had flown
and its vitality departed ?
Why, sir, if it was really so that the four-
teenth amendment justified this bill the Con-
stitution would be like a- man stricken with
paralysis, whose entire body, save the tongue,
was powerless, and that member, instead of
expressing gratitude for the attentions of
friends, heaped taunts and maledictions on all
who came within reach. But I will read the
amendment:
"Article XIV.
"Section 1. All persons bornornaturalized in the
United States and subject to thejurisdiction thereof
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of the United Statos; nor shall
any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law, nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws.''
Now, sir, to my mind this amendment does
not abrogate the rest of the Constitution ; it is
in entire harmony with it, and must be so con-
strued. It simply guaranties the same rights
to the colored man that the Constitution does
to the white man; nothing more and nothing
less. And these rights are not denied them,
and if they are, which I do not believe, the
laws that protect us all are ample enough,
just enough, and strong enough to protect
them. There is no pretext that this bill is
needed in any of the northern, eastern, or
western States, and only for a few of the south-
ern. Why, then, if there is not some deep-
laid scheme at the bottom of this entire busi-
ness, make it general in its application?
Sir, the President does not, in so many words,
ask for extraordinary powers to suppress this
Ku Klux jack-o'-the-lantern. Oh, no! that
would not do. Ca>sar did not ask for the
crown ; and we are told that when a friend
who attended Caesar, and who happened to
have on such occasions a crown with him,
offered it to him, Csssar thrice refused, where-
upon the people shouted for joy and Caesar
foamed with rage. Now, sir, the President
may or may not foam with rage if you do not
pass this bill. He might be satisfied with the
laws which have enabled every President, from
Washington down to Grant, to discharge the
duties of that high office. But whether he is
or is not satisfied, that is a matter that may
concern gentlemen on the other side of the
House whose opinions on this Ku Klux busi-
ness have undergone so remarkable a change
in a few days; but for my part, and I think I
may say the same for my political friends, the
man was never born in whose hands I would
place the powers conferred by this bill; no,
not even in_the hands of George Washington,
were he alive. I would consider myself un-
worthy of freedom if I voluntarily gave another
the power to enslave me, and regard liberty as
a sham when its enjoyment depended upon the
favor of a man.
Sir, we have been told by gentlemen on the
other side .that civil war exists in a portion
of this country and has existed there for some
years back. Now, sir, this is a very grave fact,
if a fact, or a very grave falsehood, if a false-
hood. Why, sir, it was only the other day
the Speaker from that chair proclaimed peace
throughout the length and breadth of this land ;
proclaimed, in fact, that— ■
"He knew not that American alive
With whom his soul was any jot at odds.
More than the infant that was yet unborn."
It is true that there might have been even
then a small rod pickling for the member from
Massachusetts, and that, like SirBoyie Roach,
he smelt a rat, floating in the air, saw it, and
determined to nip him in the bud. Or it might
be t.hat visions of San Domingo, Grant, Sum-
mer, Baez, and the horticultural commission,
interviewing snails and other natives, includ-
ing water-lots and water-rats, passed before
his mental vision and disturbed his peaceful
reverie; but, save these, all was peace, gentle,
meek-eyed peace, as smiling as a lovely morn-
ing in May, and as grateful to tho senses as
the perfume arising from citizen Grant's con-
servatory. This, sir, was the state of things
on the 4th of March last, according to our
respected Speaker, according to public opin-
ion, and according to the evidence on this
floor.
Why, sir, we see all the old places occupied
on the Democratic side by old and young men
of the South; they seem peaceful and hearty,
and, to judge from appearances, they have all
got their scalps on. No sign of "Ku Klux"
there. At the other side of the House we also
see men from the South; and this reminds
me of a story. An Irishman in a strange town
s tood looki ng at a vessel anchoredinthe stream,
and apparently lost in anxious thought, when
he was accosted by a searcher after knowl-
edge. "Paddy," said he, "where are you
from?" '• Begor, sir, I'm from everywhere but
here, and I'll soon be from here too, sir."
[Laughter.] Well, sir, they on the other side,
from the South, seem hearty, and, to judge
from appearances, they have got their scalps
on also. No sign of Ku Klux there; at least,
not on the scalps. All the evidence we have
got satisfies me that there has been no civil
war from 18G5 to March 4, 1871; and I have
seen no evidence that civil war has broken out
since then.
But, then, sir, we have the assertion of the
President that disorders exist in some of the
southern States, and it is only now he has
found it out. Some of these disturbances are
said to have occurred in 1865 and 1866; but
neither the President, nor the Senate, nor the
Republican House of Representatives deemed
them worthy of serious consideration until
about the 10l,h of March. When they found
themselves sinking from the weight of San
Domingo, high tariff monopolies, robbery of
the masses to enrich the few, land grants,
railroad jobs, and public plunder of every con-
ceivable kind, they felt the necessity of having
some cry with which to throw dust in the eyes
of the people, so as to save the Republican
party from disintegration and the ruin that
assuredly awaits it. Groping around, with the
gentleman from Massachusetts in the van,
they came bump up against the Ka Klux, and
immediately the entire party shouted out as
with one voice, " We have it, we have found
it! The terrible Ku Klux are on us, and now
we shall have the handling of $250,000,000 a
year for some time longer." And ever since
then, sir, we have been surfeited with Ku Klux.
It has been up in the Senate, with Grant at
the head of it. It has been in the House, with
neither head or tail to it. It has been in San
Domingo with the "horse marines." It has
been North, South, East, and West; even the
New England school-girls have got it. [Laugh-
ter.] In fact it has been everywhere ; and now
we are sick and tired of tho bald, despicable,
and transparent sham.
Sir, I was born on as kindly a soil as God's
sun ever shone upon, and among a people who
love justice and hate oppression. I know,
from a sad and bitter experience, how laws
conceived in prejudice and selfishness, and
enforced by bad and designing men, can rob
a people and brand them with crimes of which
they are not guilty, and, under the plea of
serving law and order, drive them to acts of
desperation and violence. And it may be—
nay, the conviction is irresistible to my mind
—that this bill now before the House is pre-
sented with a view of arousing the passions
of the suffering people of the southern States,
of forcing them to commit indiscreet and vio-
lent acts, that Radicalism may have a pretext
for further violations of the Constitution, and
thereby enable the Republican party to hold
on to power at the cost of our liberties and
all that freemen, hold dear in life.
