1871,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
42  Costs-.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Boreman.
Senate.
poses, or for purposes affecting the public peace and
security? State in full your knowledge on that sub-
ject.
"Answer. I know of three political organizations
that have existed in Alamance county, and of four
that have existed in the State. Two in the county
were of the samo nature; the other was of a different
nature.
"Question. Proceod and state your knowledge of
each of them, and bow that knowledge was obtained.
"'Answer. The first organization in Alamance
couuty that I knew of was the Union League, an
organization of the Republican party. I was not a
memberof thatorgamzation ; I knewofit only from
the acknowledgments of persons who were members
of it, aud from their exhibitions. The next political
organization I knew of there was a political organ-
ization known a? the White Brotherhood. I joined
that organization in the town of Graham in Novem-
ber, 1868." * * - *
*' Question. "What is your knowledge of the object
and extent of thisorganization throughouttheState ?
"Answer. lean only state from hearsay, what I have
heard from members of the organization. The num-
ber of the members of the organization is supposed
to be forty thousand. Their object was t he overthrow
of the reconstruction policy ot Congress and the dis-
franchisement of the negro. There are two other
organizations besides thatofthe White Brotherhood,
as I said before. I was a full memberof one of them,
and partly a member in the other. I cannotsay that
I con idered myself really a member of the other.
Odo organization was called the Invisible Empire.
There is another organization which rather super-
seded the "White Brotherhood in my county alter it
had gone Q.n for some time, and was called the Con-
stitutional Union Guards, whose oaths and manner
of operation were about the same."
Another witness, Thomas. F. Willeford, who
was also a member, swears that they were
informed by their leader at one of their meet-
ings that they numbered about sixty thousand
in the State.
And in order that it may be seen how they
proceeded to carry out the purpose of their or-
ganization I wiii ask leave to present a portion
of the report of the majority of the committee
containing a statement of facts, commencing
on page 19, which shows that in one of the
counties in North Carolina there were mur-
ders, scourgings, and injuries amounting to
over fifty cases, and that in a number of other
counties like acts have been committed, not
so numerous as in that county, but numbering
in all in that State not less than one hundred
and thirty or one hundred and forty cases.
The committee say, in their report:
It has been impossible to gather from the instances
scattered throughout the testimony an entirely ac-
curate list of the outrages that have been committed.
In many instances numbers of cases are mentioned
as having occurred m a given locality, without giv-
ing the names or dates. Starting with the cases
in Lincoln county, the following are specifically
referred to as having occurred in other counties:
Lincoln county.
Harriet Quickel, black, whipped and shot.
Sam. Ward, wile, and daughter, black, whipped.
Rufus Friday and wife, black, whipped.
Jamps Falls, black, whipped.
Charles Sumner, black, whipped and robbed of
fifteen dollars.
John Connely, black, whipped and shot.
William Magbee, black, robbed in trie woods of
all his money.
Reuben Litton, black, whipped and shot.
Jerry Wood, black, whipped and driven from
home; lite threatened if he returned.
J. Bamnger, black, whipped and driven from
home; htc threatened if he returned.
Rulus Bindhardt, black, whipped and shot dan-
gerously.
E. Wilfong, black, whipped and shot dangerously.
Peter Hoover, black, whipped.
Lawson Friday, black, wnipped and shot.
S. Motz, black, whipped.
John Miller, white, whipped and shot.
Adeline Fisher, white, whipped.
Mary Fisher, white, whipped.
Sally Fisher, white, whipped.
J. McMellen, white, whipped.
Jeff. Hcrndon, black, house robbed of two guns.
Alamance county.
Wyatt Outlaw, colored, hung.
William Puryear, colored, drowned.
Caswell Holt, colored, whipped and shot.
Murphy Reeves, white, shot.
Hamilton Bren, colored, whipped.
Joseph Harney, colored, whipped.
o'iuire Alston, colored, whipped.
William Harniday, white, whipped.
Alonzo B. Corliss, white, whipped.
John RingstafT, white, whipped.
Leonard flippy, white, whipped.
Sandy Sellers, colored, whipped.
42d Coistg. 1st Sess.—No. 15.
Nathan Irollinger, colored, whipped.
William Simpson, white, whipped.
Anthony Foster, white, flipped.
Polly Gapping and daughter, white, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
T. Siddell, white, whipped.
George Hippy, colored, whipped.
Andy Shaffner, colored, whipped.
Eli Outlaw, colored, whioped.
Lily Alston, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Arch. Duke, colored, whipped.
Don Worth, colored, whipped.
James Cole, colored, whipped.
John Overman, white, whipped.
John Bass, colored, whipped.
John Foust, colored, whipped.
Amos Forshea, colored, whipped.
Henry Holt, colored, whipped.
Levi Dickey, colored, whipped.
Alvis Pichard, white, whipped.
Lizzie Elmore, white, whipped.
Clay Thompson, colored* whipped.
James Long, colored, whipped.
Bill Long, colored, whipped.
Porter Mabem, colored, whipped.
John Baron, white, whipped.
Monroe Freeland, colored, whipped.
Hamilton Puryear. colored, whipped.
Harney Albright, colored, whipped.
Moses Albright, colored, whipped.
Lindsay Ivinnery, colored, whipped.
John Albright, colored, whipped.
Sally Holt and daughter, white, whipped.
John Linins, white, whipped.
Alfred Hartwell, colored, whipped.
Thomas Foust, colored, whipped.
Matilda Foust, colored, whipped.
Rachel Foust, colored, whipped.
Alfred White, colored, whipped.
Duncan Hazel, colored, whipped.
John White, colored, whipped.
Catawba county.
Newton Willfong, colored, whipped and shot.
A. L. Ramsour, white, whipped.
Elijah Finger, colored, whipped.
Newton Killian, colored, whipped.
Sidney Mutts, colored, whipped.
Lawson Blackburn, colored, whipped.
George Conly, colored, whipped.
Jim Coulter, colored, whipped.
Robert Sawyer, colored, whipped.
iiutus Rhinehart, colored, whipped.
Steven Warlich, colored, whipped.
Isaac Robinson, colored, whipped.
Daniel Bullinger, white, whipped.
Letty Willfong, white, whipped.
Maria Probst, white, whipped.
Bob Robinson, colored, whipped.
Michael Petrie, white, whipped.
Peter Young, white, whipped.
Mahala Willfong, white, whipped.
John Fowler, white, whipped.
William Hall, white, whipped.
Henry Bost, white, whipped.
Mony Carpenter, white, robbed.
Cravens county.
——— "Whitfield, colored, shot.
 Jones, colored, shot.
Caswell county.
J. W.Stevens, white, shot.
Samuel Allen, colored, whipped.
 Jones, white, whipped..
Chatham county.
 Burke, white, whipped.
Charles Bright, white, whipped.
 Thomas, white, whipped.
Luke Wilson, colored, whipped.
Wright Farrington, colored, whipped.
Jones county.
Sheriff Colgrove, white, shot and killed.
Justicc Shepherd, white, shot and killed.
 Grant, colored, shot and killed.
 Worley. colored, whipped.
Orange county.
William Guy, colored, hung.
Cyrus Guy, colored, hung.
 Wood, colored, hung.
Jefferson Morrow, colored, hung.
Daniel Morrow, colored, hung.
Inmates of poor-house, colored, hung.
HocJcinoham county.
Mary Lomax, colored, killed.
Watt Richardson, colored, whipped.
Lindsey Poindextcr, whipped.
Hutherford county.
Almon Owens, white, whipped.
Nelson Burge, colored, whipped.
Ibby Jinkins, colored, whipped.
Dick Bean, eolored, whipped.
Wake county.
Dicey Johnson, colored, whipped.
Kaia Clemens, colored, whipped.
Squire Sorrell, colored, whipped.
Other counties.
 Brooks, (Madison county,) colored, whipped.
Jordan Alexander, (Yancey county,) colored,
whipped.
  llaiford, (Cumberland county,) white.
whipped.
——— Oates, (Cleveland county,) white, whipped.
Besides these specific cases of outrages, the testi-
mony refers in general terras to others committed in
Moore, Chatham, Person, Buncombe, Surry, Yad-
kin, Davie, Stokes, Robeson, Sampson, Duplin,
Lenoir, and Gaston counties.
The list of crimes suggests the question whether
they were committed by members of the Ku Klux
organization and by its direction or with its counte-
nance. The testimony already quoted and referred
to shows that in many instances the murders and
whippings of men wore expressly voted upon in
their meetings, and executed by the members.
When it is remembered that a disclosure of their
secret proceedings incurs the penalty of death, and
that of all other secrets, such as involve the mem-
bers in the guilt of assassination, murder, and vio-
lence would be most sacredly guarded, it is remark-
able, not that so little evidence has been procured
bearing upon particular cases, but rather that any
should have been elicited. Members of the order,
unwilling to go into details, have, however, stated
enough in a general confession to authorize the be-
lief that this organization, by whatever pretense
men were induced to enter it, stopped short of no
means, however criminal, to accomplish its pur-
pose.
The following is the statement referred to by Mr.
Boyd as prepared aud signed by members of the
order in Alamance county about the time the State
militia were sent to that county by Governor Hol-
den; and that the difficulty of procuring candid,
straightforward testimony from many who have been
connected with this order may be seen, we refer
(without quoting) to the evidence of W. S. Brad-
shaw, whose name is attached to it (pages 293, 299.)
as to how ho authorized it to be put there after a
denial that he signed it;
Alamance County, July 28, 1870.
We, the undersigned, citizens of Alamance county,
do hereby acknowledge that wo have been members
of an organization in said county known to the pub-
lic as the Ku Klux Klan, butknown to the members
thereof as the WhiteBrotherhood, or Constitutional
Union Guard.
This organization in the outset, as we understood
it, was purely political, and for the mutual protec-
tion of the members thereof and their families; but,
since joining, wo have been pained to know that,
while the objects of the organization were to attain
certain political ends, the means used and resorted
to were such as would shock a civilized and enlight-
ened people. And we hereby publicly and inde-
pendently dissolve our connection with this organ-
ization, and call upon upright and law-abiding citi-
zens everywhere to do the same thing, knowing, as
we do, that unless the crimes which have been com-
mitted by this organization can be put a stop to and
the organization itself entirely broken up civil lib-
erty and personal safety are at an end in this county,
and life and property and everything else will soon
be at the mercy of an organized mob.
Wo intend to see that the signs, grips, and pass-
words of this organization are fully exposed, to-
gether with the plans of operations, &c., so that the
people everywhere may see with their own eyes.
In making these confessions we have implicated no
one but ourselves, butwe hope that our friends will
take warning, from what has transpired within the
last few days, and immediately withdraw from or-
ganizations such as we have mentioned, and assist
us and all other good citizens in restoring peace and
good order in our county.
CLEMENT C. CURTIS,
JAMES E. BOYD,
ROBERT HANNER,
• JOHN R. STOCKARD,
JACOB MICHAEL,
J. N. H. CLENDENIN,
HENRY ALBRIGHT,
JAMES II. FOUST,
D. D. TEAGUE,
A. J. PATTERSON,
J. A. J. PATTERSON,
JOHN G. ALBRIGHT.
CHRIST. C. CURTIS,
8. A. CURTIS,
W. S. BRADS1IAW,
JASPER n. wood.
In addition to this, the testimony, almost without
exception, establishes that the outrages perpetrated
by tbese bands in disguise were inflicted upon mem-
bers of the Republican party, both white and coi:
ored; in some instances the fact that they wero of
that party being given as the reason for the punish-
ment; in others, alleged crime being the pretext,
while in some, such acts as keeping a Sunday school
for colored children were given as a sufficient reason.
In tlie State of Mississippi we have accounts
of numerous cases of injuries done to private
citizens and to officials, two or three of which
I beg leave to enumerate. One is of a gentle-
man by the name of Sturgis, who was the
mayor of the city of Meridian in that State,
who was compelled to leave on account of
being set upon by the Ku Klux organization,
and this solely because he was a northern man
