1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
Sir, this dodge may be very ingenious, bat
. it has not the merit of novelty. It has been
tried time and again, from Nero down to
^George III. Ancient history furnishes numer-
W ous examples, and modern history some very
notable ones, There, for instance, was the
land of Tell, Switzerland; there is the land
of Kosciusio, poor, partitioned, and strangled
Poland; and we need only look at unfortunate
Ireland as one of the most significant and
remarkable of all; remarkable in the means
resorted to to crush, rob, and exterminate a
people; and significant in their absolute and
entire failure to crush out the love of liberty
and the yearning for independence which a
beneficent Creator, for a wise and holy pur-
pose, implanted in the heart of man.
Sir, I am nearly done; time will not permit
me to treat this momentous question at greater
length. I have not entered upon a legal dis-
cussion of it, as I am not a lawyer; and even
if I were, it would be unnecessary, as that has
been done already with such marked ability as
to satisfy every impartial mind that this bill is
subversive of the Constitution of these United
States, the only authority by which we sit here
to pass laws under its powers and within its
scope. But, sir, I have spoken my honest
convictions, prompted by a heart that wor-
ships every foot of American soil, because it
is a free, and a just, and a generous country.
It has furnished an asylum to me and to mil-
lions of my oppressed countrymen, and her
arm3 have ever been open to receive the vic-
tims of oppression from every clime ; while her
guardian spirit, Liberty, spreads her heavenly
wings over the drooping form of the heart-
broken exile and whispers in his ears, "Thou
art a man ; arise!" Hope sheds her radiant
light upon his pathway to cheer him onto where
nature's goddess, plenty, showers abundance
upon his head.
For these reasons I love America, her laws
and her flag. I have gazed upon it in other
lands until imagination multiplied the stars
upon its field of blue an hundred-fold; and
as I looked I saw upon each star .the name
of every nation on the globe, and upon its
stripes these words: Liberty, Union, and
Fraternity.
And it is because I desire to see this nation
continue great, prosperous, and free, the hope
of mankind and the asylum of the oppressed,
thatl protest against the passage of this bill. I
believe that a magnanimous and fraternal spirit
is the truest wisdom. It will go much further
toward cementing our Union and healing the
wounds caused by our unfortunate civil war,
than all the penal and oppressive laws, with
bayonets to back them, that have disgraced the
statute-books of Christendom. Treat the peo-
ple of the southern States as our brothers—
brothers in fact, in feeling, and in name. Let
us be just to them, and we will be just to our-
selves, to our God, our country, and the Repub-
lic. Remember that justice is divine.
"The quality of mercy is not strained;
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven
Upon the place beneath; it is twice blessed;
It. blessfith him that gives and him that takes;
'Tis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes
The throned monarch better than his crown ;
His scepter shows the force of temporal power,
The attribute to awe and majesty,
Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings ;
But mercy is above this sceptered sway
): i**'
"It is an attribute to God Himself.
And earthly power doth then show iikest God's,
When mercy seasons justice."
[Applause.]
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SLOSS asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have printed in the Globe some
remarks he had prepared on the pending bill.
[See Appendix.]
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. WASHBURN asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
T. C. Hubbell, of South Carolina, and Jacob
Schlaudecker.
Mr. BIGGS asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have withdrawn from the files of
the House the papers and petition of Mrs. M.
J. Driver.
leave 0]? absence.
Mr. READ was granted indefinite leave of
absence on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House now
take a recess until half past seven this evening.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House reas-
sembled, Mr. Packard in the chair as Speaker
pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
will now resume the consideration of House
bill No. 320, for the enforcement of the four-
teenth amendment, and for other purposes;
upon which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Porter] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PORTER addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. GOLLADAY addressed the House.
[His remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of his remarks he said: If
I have any time left I will yield to my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Leach.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has one minute remaining.
Mr. LEACH. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has spoken but three quarters of an hour ;
I supposed he was entitled to an hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the Chair is guided entirely by
the instructions which he received from the
Speaker, according to which the gentleman
from Tennessee was to be allowed forty-five
minutes.
Mr. PLATT. I will waive any right I may
have to the floor to-night upon condition that
no objection be made to-morrow when I ask
unanimous consent to speak on this subject.
Mr. KERR. I hope no such arrangement
will be made. That is not the right way to
carry on this debate. I hope it will proceed
in the usual way.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing that gen-
tlemen shall make any arrangement they please
after my time has expired. I prefer first to
make the remarks I desire to make.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the Chair cannot, of course, make
any different arrangement from that which has
already been made.
Mr. STEVENSON addressed the House.
[His remarkswill appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to state that my
friend, Mr. Dunnell, of Minnesota, is confined
to his bed by serious illness, in consequence
of which many of us will be deprived of the
pleasure of hearing him speak on the pending
bill. I ask for him the privilege of being per-
mitted to print some remarks in the Globe.
There was no objection; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. PLATT addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
Ilouse adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. PECK: The petition of R. M. Don-
nelly, Jesse WoodwifF, and 35 others, citizens
and soldiers of Portage, Wood county, Ohio,
asking the passage of a law granting to every
soldier, sailor, and marine one hundred and
sixty acres of land, without actual settlement ;
also, a bounty of S8 33^ per month, from date,
of enlistment to discharge, to all who have not
received the same.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 5, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. W. Clemm, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
post route bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are
now in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no petition, but I
hold in my hand the post route bill which
passed the Ilouse of Representatives a few
weeks since. It provides for routes in some
seven or eight States, and it hardly conflicts
with the resolution of the Senate inhibiting all
legislation except the measure under consid-
eration, inasmuch as it is scarcely legislation.
I hope unanimous consent will be given to
allow this bill to be taken up and passed at
this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senator's State
is interested in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the reason why
I object. I wish to have Vermont an example
of obedience to law.
Mi'. RAMSEY. I supposed that was the
reason.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Charles II. Forbes, of Rutland, Vermont, pray-
ing pay for the loss of a horse while in the mil-
itary service; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. NYE presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, asking the establishment of
a tri-weekly mail service from Pine Grove to
Rockland, in that State ; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of listing over the
lands belonging to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company; which was ordered to lie on the table,
aud be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, asking the establishment of
weekly mail service from Wadsworth, in that
State, to Fort Independence, California; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, for the establishment of a
tri-weekly mail between the towns of Elko and
Tuscarora, in that State; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Kansas, praying for the set-
tlement of claims of citizens of that State in-
curred in the organization of the first Kansas
colored volunteers; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
order of business.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to present a
bill, and to ask unanimous consent that it may
be acted upon at this time. After the reading,
1 think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall object until the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
comes in.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have seen the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, and he wishes the
bill acted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the bill had bet-
ter be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
to let it be read or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
