226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Boreman.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
and a Republican. In that city about the same
time there were some eight or ten murders of
colored people. The mayor of Aberdeen,
whose name has escaped me, was compelled
also to leave that city and the State and flee
to the North for safety, because he was a north-
ern man and a Republican. There is an offi-
cer of the United States revenue service now
• in this city, Colonel Huggins, who will testily,
if called upon, that because he was there as a
northern man and in the performance of his
duty as a United States officer he was stripped
and received over one hundred lashes at the
hands of disguised men and compelled to
leave.
You had read here the other day by the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] a synopsis
of the message of the Governor of this same
State of Mississippi, calling upon the Legisla-
ture to authorize the organization and equip-
ment of a regiment of cavalry for the purpose
of putting down these Ku Klux in that State.
Then, if you will turn to South Carolina, what
do you find? lhave adocumenthere, but will
not read it, showing that all the officers in one
of the counties of that State have been ordered
to resign and to leave, simply because they
were members of what these fellows choose to
call the Radical party; and the evidence is
complete of other disturbances in that State.
We have not only the facts in regard to par-
ticular instances, but we have also the fact
that the Governor of the State has called upon
the President to aid in the suppression of this
violence ; and in pursuance of the call, made
under the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, the President has issued his
proclamation, as follows:
By the President of the United States of America, a
proclamation.
Whcroas it is provided in tho Constitution of tlio
United States that tho United States .shall protect
every Srato in this Union, on application of the
Legislature, or oi tho Lxoeutivo when tho Legis-
lature cannot bo convened, against domestic vio-
lence; and whoroas it is provided in tho taws of tho
Unitod State* that in all cases of insurrection in any
State, or obstiuction to tho laws thereof, it shall bo
lawful lor tho President, ot tho United States, on
application of tho LoKi-duturo ot such State, or of
tho Executive when tho Legislature cannot bo
eonvonod. to call forth tho uulilia ot any State or
States, or to employ &ueh partol the land and naval
forces as shall bo judged noeossury for tho purpose
of suppressing such insurrection, or causing tho
laws to bo duly executed; and whereas L have re-
ceived intorination that combinations of armed men,
unauthorized by law, are now disturbing tho peace
and safety of tho eitizons of tho Stato of South Caro-
lina, and committing acts of violence in said Stato of
a character and to an extent which, render tho power
of tho Stato and its officers unequal to tho tjwk of
protecting lilo uud property and securing public
order then m; and wtioroas tho Legislature of said
Stiito is not now in session, and (annot bo convened
in time to meet tho present emergency, and the ISxoc-
utivoof J>aid Slate h.i.s thcictou) nnute application to
me for such part of the military loree ot tho Uni-
tod States as may bo necessary and adequate to pro-
tect said Stato, and the citizens tliereot, against
domestic violonco horoinbotore mentioned, and
enlurco the duo execution of the law; and whereas
the laws ol tho United States require that whenever
it may bo necc^sarj, in the judgment of the Presi*
dent, to use tho military f.nve for tho purpose afore-
said, ho .-.hall toithwith, by proclamation, command
such insurgents to di^pe^e and retire peaceably to
their respective abodes within a innUed time:
.Now, theretore, 1, Ulysses S. Grant, President of
the United States, <io hereby command ttio persons
composing tho unlawful combinations aforesaid to
dispose and retire peacoaoly to their respective
abodes within twenty days from this date.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand,
and caused tho seal ot tho United States to be
atlixed.
Hone nt the city of Washington, this 24th day of
March, in the ye.ir ot our Lord I ft. I, and of tho inde-
pendent e ot tin; United States tho ninety-tilth.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
HAMILTON' I'lSlI, S.cr<jta>u "J State.
Again, sir, we find that in the State of Flor-
ida there is not that peace, quietude, and
security which we wish to have in ail the States
of this Union. I find a telegram m the papers
of the day, which, together with the statement
of facts annexed, 1 urn assured by gentlemen
from that State contains the truth, and which
I will read:
Tallahassee, Florida, April Q.
Hon. T. W. Osborn, United States Senator :
J. G-. Dickinson was murdered in Marianna yes-
terday. lie was killed instantly.
E. CONANT,
United States Marshal.
"Mr. Dickinson was elerk of the Florida Stato
court, deputy United States marshal, and the last of
the loading Republicans in Jackson county.
44 More than sixty murders and assassinations have
occurred in Jackson county within two years past,
all of the victims being Republicans, and several of
them prominent men.
"The actual Republican majority in Jackson
county is eight hundred, but in November last,
through intimidation, it wa3 reduced to fourteen."
But, sir, to make the- evidence complete as
to the imperative necessity for legislation at
our hands on this subject, I now read the mes-
sage of the President communicated to Con-
gress on the 23d of March :
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
A condition of affairs now exists iu some States of
the Union rendering life and property insecure and
the carrying of the mails and the collection of rev-
enue dangerous. The proof that such a condition
of affairs exists in some localities is now before the
Senate. That the power to correct these evils is
beyond tho control of Stato authorities, I do not
doubt. That tho power of the Executive of the Uni-
ted States, acting within the limits of existing laws,
is sufficient for present emergencies, is not clear.
Therefore t urgently recomtnond such legislation as
in tho judgment ot Congress shall effectually secure
life, liberty, and property, and tho enforcement of
law in all parts ot tho United States. It may bo
expediout to provide that such law as shall bo passed
in pursuance of tins recommendation shall expire at
the end of tho next session of Congress. There is no
other subject upon which I would recommend legis-
lation during the present session.
U.S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., jlforc/t 23,1871.
Mr. President, I have thought it well to refer
to these facts again, in order to impress them
not only upon members of the Senate but upon
the people of this country, that they may see
and judge for themselves whether the Senators
who declare that there is no evidence of the
existence of these lawless and wicked organ-
izations arc correct, or whether there is a
gruund for the action of this body in remain-
ing here after the usual adjournment of the
last. Congress.
But, sir, the second proposition made by the
Opposition is that if such outrages did exist
they have abated and there is therefore no
necessity for this bill; and they refer tiiumph-
antly to the message of Governor Ilolden of
November last. Upon this point I do not pro-
pose to dwell, but to refer again to the evidence
taken by the committee, and which is found
on puges 28 and 29 of the majority report, which
evidence details numerous cases of outrages
of a very recent date. It shows that up to the
time of this examination, in the month of
March, these disturbances of society in North
Carolina and these outrages upon the persons
of the loyal people of that State continued to be
perpetrated. Several of the witnesses testified
to such occurrences a few days before they left
home. They had evidenceof the fact that the
thing was still being prosecuted, and yet these
Senators dispute the fact that the organiza-
tion had an existence and that it had not
abated its action. Let me present the testi-
mony on this point as collated by the com-
mittee on pages 28 and 29 of the report.
C. D. CJpchurch (page 107) says:
" Question. Do you mean that sinoo tho last elec-
tion there havo bcon no outrages of this character?
"Answer. Uh.no, sir; Xdo not say that; because
one was committed tho other day to my certain
knowledge. A witness that 1 had against an illicit
distiller gave evidence betore a commission in Ral-
eigh, and ou his return home he was whipped very
severely. He was a white man of some character.
I do not say it was finally stopped, but it is not so
ram pant as it used to be."
Virgil S. Lusk (page 118) says:
" Again, a day or two before I left homo, the same
mau. Brooks, I have spoken of heretofore, came into
my office and said he hud been assaulted again by
these parties. lie told me they came to his house
after he and his wife had retired and called for him.
His wife told them that he was not at. home. They
then broke down the door, came in, and commenced
abusing and maltreating his wife. He stated to mo
that they attempted to rape her. He groped about
in the dark and got hold of an ax and struck one of
them with it. As ho went out of the door he was
struck over the head with a club. Ho showed me
the scar, reaching fioin the eye to the hair. When
he got out into the yard he struck another one of
them with the ax. He went to his friends about it,
and they advised him toleavo; they said he had
killed two men and perhaps they would kill him.
So he left and came to Ashville. They followed him
and inquired for him at another house, but he made
his escape by flight. This is about all I know of out-
rages committed in my district."
Ethelbert Hubbs (page 50) says:
"In that county (Lenoir) a short time ago, about a
month, 1 think, there was a band of disguised men
went to the house of a colored man by the name of
Whitfield, called him out of his bed and shot him
in cold blood, and carried away his horse. Then
they proceeded to another house and shot a man
and woman who occupied it, and took away a horse
irom that place. One or two of these men, I think,
were recognized by the woman who was shot, and
upon her information Sheriff Hunter arrested them,
as I learned Irom him before I left; and he stated
that without doubt they were guilty. On my way
here 1 learned that they were discharged, as is cus-
tomary. on straw bail. Ihave heard of agreatmany
outrages by common report."
Georgo W. Nason (page 71) says r
" Question. You spoak of a gin-house and barn
being burned in Onslow county; when was that?
''Answer. Week before last, beforo I started from
home,
*' Quexlion. Itavo you knowledge of the circum-
stances?
"Answer. Tho man who owned them told me since
that ho had abundant reasons to believe that they
were bumod by these desperadoes on account of his
being a northern man and a Republican."
Judge Settle (page 80) says:
"Judge Rcade informed me tho other day, in
Raleigh, that a party weut to several oh bins on one
of tho plantations in Pearson county and shot one
negro dead, and also shot two others, who recov-
ered, and whipped several others. The two who
recovered were badly shot. The men who did these
things said that heretofore they had only whipped,
but that it was going to be changed, and for The
future they were going to kill. The judge sent for
the witnesses, in fact for the whole neighborhood,
and ho told me that when ho brought them up it was
with the greatest difficulty they could be got to tes-
tify. They asked to be let alone ; thoy preferred to
submit to the treatment they had received rather
than run the risk of telling it."
W. P. Bynuin (page 50) says:
M Question. In the appendix to the message of Gov-
ernor Ilolden I laid a letter over your signature,
under date of May 20,1S70. I will read a paragraph :
"' On the whole I am satisfied that, as a law officer,
I can do nothing through the ordinary channels ot
tho courts. In my judgment, there are only two
ways of arresting tho evil: first, by arousing public
opinion to put it down; or, secondly, by invoking
tho aid of United states troops, and making some
sharp and decisive examples.'
"That had reference to the wrongs of which you
have spoken, as having been committed by this
organization. Was that the btate of things as you
believed it to exist at that time?
'*Answer. Yes, sir; and in connection with that I
will state that since that time, and up to about the
1st of January, there have been several other very
serious outrages committed. Two or three colored
persons, to my knowledge, have been shot, and a
great many whippings have taken place in the coun-
ties of Cleveland, Lincoln, and Gaston. I will stato
in regard to one case that came to my knowledge
only a few days ago. It is thecase of a white person
of the name of Carpenter. He stated that he had
employed two negroes to work for him this year ;
that they werenegroesof good character, honest and
industrious. Shortly after he had employed them
he was advised by some of his neighbors to send
them off; that they did not want them in that neigh-
borhood. lie declined to send the negroes away,
and a night or two afterward a disguised band camo
to his house. They went into bis house, ran him off,
broke open his drawers, searched the house from
bottom to top, and when they went away they car-
ried off, he says, eighty dollars in money. They ran
tne negroes off and alarmed his wife, who was there
alone with four or five children, and he stated that
since that time his wife has been in such a condition
that she has been afraid to live here; that he bad
abandoned his house and gone to live in a log cabin
or kitchen, because it was a more secure place; and
that he and his family were now sleeping on the
floor, apprehending an attack every night. lie also
says thatsince he has reported that money has been
stolen from his house they had sent him word that
the ICu Klux do not steal; that he -would have to
take that back or he would be severely dealt with.
He also stated that he voted the Conservative ticket.''
