228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Boreman.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
ocratic party as an organization is responsible ;
and we are here to day legislating because of
the encouragement which was given in 1868 by
the leading men of the Democratic party to
these lawless men of the South ; because this
doctrine of resistance to the laws, this disre-
spect for the constituted authorities, is conta-
gious; if it is promulgated in high places sim-
' ply as a tenet of a great party it will be carried
out in the low places by the subordinate mem-
bers of that party. I reppat, sir, that the Dem-
ocratic party as an organized body is charge-
able with the great troubles that we are hereto
correct to day.
But, sir, we have the same doctrine still
maintained in this Chamber by both the mem-
bers of the minority of the special committee
which made this report, the Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] and the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair.] I read from the speech
delivered on this subject by the Senator from
Delaware:
"The difficulty has boon that since tlio war North
Carolina and the other southern States have not
been governed according to the Constitution of the
United Stales, but have been subjected to the arbi-
trary will of Congress. You entered those States at
the close of the war, overthrew the governments
that you found thcro, and those which have replaced
thorn have not been in accordance with the spirit or
tho letter of the Constitution of tho United States."
The Senator from Missouri interrupted the
Senator from Pennsylvania in the course of
his speech. Mr. Scott had made this remark:
" Is there any ovidenee that there exists a regular
sworn organization, whose purpose is to overthrow
tho reconstruction acts?"
When the Senator from Missouri interposed:
"Mr.Bi.Aiit. X think it ought to bo, if it is not.
" Mr. Boott. Here wo have tho sworn testimony
that the object ot this organization is to overthrow
the reconstruction acts.
"Mr. Blaxk. That is tho only redeeming part
of it."
That is not confined to the mere declaration
that tho reconstruction acts are usurpations,
unconstitutional and void, but the only redeem-
ing part of these organizations is declared by
the Senator from Missouri to be the overthrow
of the reconstruction acts.
Now, sir, I leave these representatives of
the Democratic party, who, I suppose, proclaim
the doctrine of their party to-day, to the coun-
try in making up their record now for the can-
vass which is to come, and from which they
profess to anticipate so much in their favor in
1872. I leave them to settle that between
themselves and the people of this country. I
merely remark that the people have once de-
cided upon this doctrine as against the Demo-
cratic party, and that if the same platform be
maintained before them again I have no doubt
that, the result will be as heretofore.
Now, Mr. President, there can be no doubt
of the existence of these organizations; there
can be no doubt that they are perpetrating
great wrongs upon the loyal people of the
southern States, and the question is as to the
duty of Congress under the circumstances.
That duty, 1 apprehend, a majority of this body
have made up their mind in regard to ; and the
next question is as to tho power. Has the
Congress of the United States power to pro-
vide a remedy for these wrongs'? This bill
has been introduced for this purpose, and while
I do not propose to discuss its provisions in
detail, it occurs to me, from the examination
which I have been able to give the authorities,
that there can be no doubt as to the power of
Congress to remedy these great wrongs.
There are three classes of persons who seem
to be obnoxious to those at the South who are
guilty of these outrages. The first are the
officers of the United States, officers of the
revenue and of the courts, postal agents, and
so on. I apprehend there will be no question,
indeed I believe none is raised here, as to the
authority of Congress to provide remedies for
the attacks that are made on these men while
in the performance of their duties as officers of
the United States. The power to raise revenue
of course carries with it all the means that are
necessary for the levying and collecting it and
for protecting its officers. So it is of the Post
Office Department and of the officers of the
various courts. Not only have we the power
under the Constitution, but it is our duty, and
Congress has provided hitherto for some of
these injuries. This bill goes somewhat fur-
ther than former laws on that subject, and it
has been made necessary by existing circum-
stances.
Then, the second class of persons who seem
to be the objects of the hate and the attacks
of these wicked men at the South are those
who are called carpet baggers, to whom I have
alluded. Is there any question as to the power
of the Congress of the United States to pro-
vide protection for these? The Constitution,
as I have quoted it, says that—
"The citizons of each State shall bo entitled to all
grivileges and immunities of citizens in the soveral
tates."
A citizen, therefore, going from any State in
this Union into any other State is under the
panoply of the Constitution; he has his rights
guarantied to hira in that instrument,^and if
the Congress of the United States has not
hitherto provided for his protection, for carry-
ing out that provision of the Constitution, it is
the fault of the law-making power of the coun-
try and not the fault of the Constitution—
not any defect in that great instrument. The
courts of the country have decided this ques-
tion, they have declared that the Constitution
of the United States protects the citizens of
this country going where they jnay, and that
legislation is only required from Congress to
carry out the spirit of that provision. The
question has arisen frequently, what the "im-
munities and privileges" of citizenship under
that provision of the Constitution are, and the
courts of the country have defined, to some
extent, what these privileges and immunities
are. The most extended and satisfactory defi-
nition which I find in any of the law-books
is that given by Mr. Justice Washington in 4
Washington's United States Circuit Court
itcports, page 380, in the case of Carfield vs.
Coryell, as follows :
"Thenoxtquostion is whether this aet infringes
that section, of tho Constitution which declares that
'citiaons of each State shall bo entitled to all priv-
ileges and immunitiies of citizens in the several
Statos?'
"The inquiry is, what are the privileges and im-
munities of citizcns in the several States? Wo feel
no hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities which are in their nature
fundamental, which belong of right to tho citizens
of all free Governments, and whioh have at all times
been enjoyed by the citizens of the several States
which compose this Union from the time of their
becoming1 free, independent, and sovereign. What
these fundamental principles are it would perhaps
be more tedious than dilncult to enumerate. They
may, however, be all comprehended under the follow-
ing general heads: protection by the Government;
the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the right to
acquire and possess property of every kind and to pur-
sue and obtain happiness and safetv, subject, never-
theless, to such restraints as the Government may
justly prescribe for tho general good of the whole;
the right ot tho citizens of one Stato to pass through
or reside in any other Stato for the purpose of trade,
agriculture, professional pursuits, or otherwise; to
claim the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus; to
institute and maintain actions of any kind in the
courts of tho*Stato; to take, hold, and dispose of
property, either real or personal; and an exemption
from higher taxes or impositions than are paid by
the other citizens of the State, may be mentioned as
some of tho particular privileges and immunities of
citizens which are clearly fundamental; to which
may bo added the elective franchise, as regulated
and established by the laws or constitution of the
State in which it is to be exercised."
There you will see that that learned judge
first declares the fundamental principles'upon
the subject of citizenship and afterward he
proceeds, to some extent at least, to give the
particulars as to what the immunities and priv-
ileges are in which the citizens are protected
under this provision of the Constitution. I
find additional authority on the same subject
in the opinion of Justice Field, in Paul vs.
Virginia, (2 Wallace, 180,) as follows:
" It was undoubtedly the object of the clause (arti-
cle four, section two of the Constitution of the United
States) in question to place the citizens of each Stato
upon the same footing with citizens of other States,
so far as the advantages resulting from citizenship iif
those States are concerned. It relieves them from tho
disabilities of alienage in other States; it inhibits
discriminating legislation against them by other
States; it gives them the right of free ingress into
other States and egress from them; itiusures to them
in other States tho same freedom possessed by the cit-
izens of those States in the acquisition and enjoy-
ment of property and in tho pursuit of happiness;
and it secures to them in other States the equal pro-
tection of their laws. It has boon j ustly said that no
provision in tho Constitution has tended so strongly
to constitute the citizens of the United States one
people as this.
"Indeed, without some provision of the kind
removing from the citizens ol ouch State the dis-
abilities of alienage in tho other States, and giving
thorn equality of privileges with citizens of those
States, the llepubiic would have constituted little
more than a league of States; it would nothavecon-
stituted tho Union which now exists.
"But the privileges and immunities secured to
citizens of each State in the several States by the
provision in question are those privileges and im-
munities which aro common to the citizens in the
latter States under their constitution and laws by
virtae of their being citizens. Special privileges
enjoyed by citizens in their own S-ates are not
secured in other States by this provision. It was
not intended by this provision to give to the laws
of one State any operation in other States. They
can have no such operation except by the permis-
sion, express or implied, of those States. The spe-
cial privileges which they confer must therefore bo
enjoyed at homo, unless tho assent of other States to
their enjoyment therein bo given."
Now, sir, taking the evidence which we have
before us, you will find that in numerous in-
stances men have been subjected to the inflic-
tion of great wrongs in North Carolina and
elsewhere, simply because they had emigrated
from other States. They were citizens of other
States who came into the South; and they
were, in the language of that provision of the
Constitution, citizens of a "State," and were
"entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States." If you will
look into that evidence you will further find
that many of those privileges and immunities
which are referred to in the authorities which
I have just read have been invaded ; they have
been trampled upon men have not had tho
protection of the Government; they have not
enjoyed life and liberty with the right to acquire
and possess property, to pursue and obtain
happiness; they have not been allowed in
peace and security to pursue a trade or calling
which they might have embarked in, or agri-
cultural or professional pursuits, or otherwise
The rights, immunities, and privileges de-
scribed by Judge Washington have, in numer-
ous instances, as is shown by this testimony,
been invaded and trampled upon and out-
raged.
Now, sir, having established these two prop-
ositions: first, what the rights, privileges, and
immunities of citizens are under that pro-
vision of the Constitution; and second, that
they have been invaded and trampled upou by
these men, the question arises whether there
is any remedy under the Constitution for these
wrongs as they now exist. I have an authority
here on that subject, but before I refer to any
authority, I wish to remark that, as has been
said to-day by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thukman,] the first section of the fourteenth
amendment goes further than that provision
of the Constitution which I have already quoted.
The language of that provision is that " the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities," &c.; but this sec-
tion provides :
"No State shall mako or enforce any lawwhioh
shall abridge tho privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
