1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
the word "proven" as used here. I trust
that the preamble to the resolution will be
stricken out altogether; or, if it is not stricken
out, that at least such a conclusion and determ-
ination of the matter as the use of the word
"proven " would imply will not be permitted
to remain in a resolution passed by the Senate
and recorded as a verdict rendered without a
trial against our own countrymen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the substitute offered by the Senator from
Ohio to his colleague's resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Let it bo
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Thdrmak.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were fourteen.
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSTON, (after having voted in the
affirmative.) I forgot at the time I voted that
I was paired with my colleague [Mr. Lewis]
on thfs question. I therefore ask leave to with-
draw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia withdraws his vote.
Mr. JOHNSTON. If my colleague were
present he would vote against this amendment,
and I would vote for it.
Mr. VICKERS, (after having voted in the
affirmative.) I had forgotten that I was paired
on this question with the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Gilbert.] If he were here he would
vote in the negative, and I would vote in the
affirmative. X therefore ask leave to withdraw
my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland also desires to withdraw his vote.
No objection being made, it will be with-
drawn.
The result was announced—yeas 13, nays
38; as follows :
'''YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cassorly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Ivolly, Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Thurnmn, and Tipton—-13.
• NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Chandler, Clayton, Cole. Conkhng, Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Funtnn, Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen. Hamilton of Texas, flamlin, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Vonnont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, llamscy, Rice,
Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Spencer. Stewart, Sumner,
West, Wilson. Windom, and Wright—38.
ABSENT—Messrs Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Flana-
gan, Gilbert. Hill, Johnston,Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maino, Poinoroy, Robertson, Schurz, Sprague,
Trumbull, and Vickers—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
resolution by adding, "and that said com-
mittee be instructed to report forthwith."
Mr. HAMLIN. " As soon as practicable "
would be a better expression.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is what we have
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the
amendment by saying, instead of " forthwith,"
" as soon as practicable."
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that amounts to
the same thing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think it does. I
think one gives the committee a little lati-
tude, and the other none at all. "Forthwith"
means forthwith, and it does not mean next
week.
Mr. RAMSEY. As we are all anxious to
get away, I think the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island is preferable, that the
committee report forthwith, now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island accept the amendment
to the amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY.. No, sir. I think " forth-
with" means "as soon as practicable."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
to strike out "forthwith " and insert " as soon
as practicable."
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
what is the use of referring this subject to the
committee with instructions to report forth-
with ? You might refer a bill that came from
the other House to the committee with instruc-
tions to report forthwith, although that would
be a very extraordinary thing ; and after a bill
has been referred to the committee, and the
committee has had it long enough, in the opin-
ion of the Senate, the Senate may require
them to report the bill forthwith, with or with-
out recommendation; but to charge a com-
mittee with drafting measures, and that, too,
upon such a subject as this, and in the very
same breath tell them to report forthwith,
seems to me simply absurd.
Mr. CONKLING. What does "forthwith "
mean ?
Mr. THURMAN. Forthwith means forth-
with. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind Senators of the agreement they have
made in regard to debate; but of course it is
to be enforced by themselves only, without
anything more than a suggestion from the
Chair. The question is on the amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, to
strike out the word "forthwith" and insert
"as soon as practicable."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now desire to offer the
amendment which I suggested. After the
words " Resolved that" 1 propose to strike
out all of the resolution down to and includ-
ing the word "therefore" in the fourth line
from the bottom, and also to strike out the
word " such " in the second line from the bot-
tom ; so that it will read :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee is in-
structed to report a bill or bills to enable the Presi-
dent and the courts of the United States to exoeuto
the laws, punish and prevent organized violenco,
and secure to all citizens tho rights so guarantied to
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey, which is to strike out all of the pre-
liminary part of the resolution, and also the
word "such" before the word "organized."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
reported from the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Secretary
will report the resolution as it will read if the
amendment should prevail.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution, if amend-
ed as proposed, will read as follows:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee is in-
structed to report a bill or bills to enable the Pres-
ident and the courts of the United States to execute
the laws, punish and prevent organized violence,
and secure to all citizens the rights so guarantied to
them.
Mr. STOCKTON. I propose, also, to add
at the end the words "by the Constitution of
the United States, " and to strike out the word
" so " before the word " guarantiedso as to
read, "and secure to all citizens the rights
guarantied to them by the Constitution of the
United States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word
"rights" the words "of life, liberty, and
property, and the equal protection of laws;"
so that it will read, "and to secure to all citi-
zens the rights of life, liberty, and property,
and the equal protection of the laws guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution of the United
States." And then see if my Democratic
friends will go for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
As presented by the Senator from New Jersey,
the amendment is in the nature of a substitute,
and the Senator fromVermont moves to amend
the proposition of the Senator from New Jer-
sey by adding the words which he has indicated.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-'
curs on agreeing to the substitute as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be reported as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the resolution will read :
Rexolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary is
instructed to report a bill or bills to enable tho
President and the courts of the United States to ex-
ecute the laws, punish and prevent organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens tfce rights of life,
liberty, and property, and the equal protection of
the laws guarantied to them by tne Constitution of
the United States; and that said committee bo
instructed to report as soon as practicable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to this substitute as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the vote is taken
I should like to ask my friend from New Jer-
sey, without going into any debate, whether, if
we agree to this amendment, the resolution
will then be satisfactory to our friends on the
other side and they will unite with us in going
for it?
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator-will ascer-
tain that in a very few moments. It is hardly
possible for me to answer that question. I can
only say, for myself, that it is entirely satisfac-
tory to me that life and liberty and property
should be protected all over this Union; and
if I had the power and lived long enough, it
should be done. I am speaking for myself.
But when the Senator asks whether it is ac-
ceptable to everybody, I do not control all
this organization.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not quite understand
my friend now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
again remind the Senate of the agreement in
regard to debate. If any Senator desires to
speak the Chair thinks the proper way would
be to ask unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask unanimous
consent to put to my friend from New Jersey
a question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent to put a
question. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
New Jersey, not whether he is in favor of
protecting life and liberty and property, but
whether he is in favor of this resolution if it
be amended as proposed by him?
Mr. STOCKTON. I hardly know what object
the Senator has in the amendment. I have
only heard it read once. If he has any other
purpose except to specify more particularly
some of the objects to be protected, I cannot
see it in what he has put in this resolution.
That the Constitution of the United States and
all its benefits and all its protection shall be
fully given to every citizen in every State,
was my object. I cannot see that he adds
one iota to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand you
now.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the substitute be
reported again.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to this substitute to the resolution.
Mr. MOK.TON. I call for a division.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
first have a count of the Senate?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I am paired with my
colleague [Mr. Lewis] on all these questions.
