230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. De Large.
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
bury] was very specific in charging the Repub-
lican members of this Congress with getting up
this measure with simply a purpose of per-
petuating the Radical party, as he chooses to
term it, in power. Has it come to this, that
the Congress of the United States is to allow a
state of affairs in a large portion of the coun-
try which amounts, in the judgment of good
men, to an insurrection, to open rebellion and
resistance, not only to the laws of the States,
but to the laws of the-United States, to exist,
and not suppress it; and if we attempt to sup-
press it, wo are to be denounced as merely
promoting the interests of the Radical party,
and seeking to perpetuate our own power?
No, sir; it was not necessary, I apprehend,
for this Congress to have remained here five
or six weeks for any such purpose. AH of
us would have been very happy to have left
this capital immediately after the 4th of
March, had it not been that si duty imposed
itself upon us to afford aid and protection to
those who were injured in the southern portion
of the country. We are not only denounced
as getting up this as a scheme for the perpetu-
ation of the Radical party in power, but we
are warned that we need not, it we have any
hope in that direction, delude ourselves ; that
these Halls are fast filling up with Democrats;
that the indignation of the people of the coun-
try will hurl us from power m 1872, and, in
the language of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, "the place that knows us now will
soon know us no more forever."
Our friends seem to think that there lias
been some trouble in the Republican ranks,
and therefore disruption, weakness, and de-
feat must follow, and they will be profited
thereby. They are really intoxicated with the
idea of once more obtaining power, and can
scarcely restrain themselves until they see
what 1H72 may bring forth. They are already
exulting and felicitating themselves in antici-
pation of the groat event for which they have
so long been earnestly and anxiously looking
anil impatiently waiting. Let me say to our
friends that it may be well to make merry and
be joyous in anticipation, for 1 am inclined to
think that that is all they will over have of it.
The fruition will never bo realized. I would
say to them, "Lay not the flattering unetiou
to your soul." I maysay further to our friends,
about our littlo family troubles, what a friend
once said to me upon a like occasion : " It is
necessary to have a storm occasionally to
purify the atmosphere and promote the health
of the organization." They will find—
"All the clouds th.it lovror'd upon our house
in the deep bonoui ot the ocean buried.''
By the time the campaign of 1872 rolls
around the elements of the Republican party
will crystallize into one harmonious whole.
They will come tip from the East anil the West,
from the North and the South, " fair as the
moon, clear as the sun, and terrible" to the
Democratic hosts "as an array with banners,"
anil wiil march on, right on, to battle and to
victory.
Enforcement of fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF IION. K. C. DE LARGE,
of south carolina,
In the House op Representatives,
April 0, 1871.
The IIouso having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 020) to onioree the provisions of tho four-
teenth amendment to the Uonstitution of the United
States, and for otlier purposes-
Mr. DE LARGE said :
Mr. Speaker: I had supposed that in the
con.sideratiuu of this matter of legislation for
trie South party lines would not have been so
distinctly drawn, but that we would have at
least first endeavored to ascertain whether or
not there was any necessity for the legislation,
and then decide what kind of legislation would
be best. I say I did not expect that party
lines would be drawn so distinctly while con-
sidering a matter of such grave import.
I believe tliat if there was a single gentleman
upon the floor of this House who, before the
commencement of this debate, doubted that
lawlessness, confusion, and anarchy existed
in some portions of the Sonth, he is at least
cured of that doubt by this time. Gentlemen
upon both sides of the House have in their
speeches acknowledged, and, by the evidence
produced, proven to my satisfaction, and, I
believe, to the satisfaction of a majority of the
members of this House, that such a state of
affairs does exist in some portions of the
southern States.
I am free to say that none can bring the
charge to my door of ever having acted in a
manner that would be termed illiberal. I am
also free to say that I, like other gentlemen
upon the floor of this House, have the honor
of representing a district in which no case of
outlawry has ever occurred. Since the time of
reconstruction no outrage has been committed
in my district; and I say frankly to you to day
that until within the last few months no one
upon the face of God's earth could have con-
vinced me that any secret organization existed
in my State for the purpose of committing mur-
der, arson, or other outrages upon the lives,
liberty, and property of the people; and, sir,
I sincerely deplore and lament the abund-
ance of that evidence which so plainly proves
the existence of such an organization to-day.
Would to God, sir, that the fair fame of the
State of my birth, and which I have the honor
in part to represent, had not been marred by
the wicked deeds of these outlaws, who shrink
from no cruelty, who spare no sex nor station
to carry out their devilish purposes.
But, sir, I cannot shut my eyes to facts; I
cannot refuse to yield my faith to tales of hor-
ror so fully proven ; and I am thoroughly con-
vinced that it is necessary to do something to
cure these awful wrongs. I am free to admit
that neither the Republicans of my State nor
the Democrats of that State can shake their
garments and say that they have had no hand
in bringing about this condition of affairs.
Both parties are responsible for it. As a mem-
ber of the Republican party I may state, while
demanding legislation on behalf of all the
citizens there, that both parties to a consid
erable extent are responsible for this condi-
tion of things. Sir, it i3 necessary that we
should legislate upon this subject. The Gov-
ernor of my State has called upon the Execu-
tive of this country for assistance and protec-
tion. He has stated distinctly in that call
that he is unable to preserve the public peace
in some districts of that State. That is some-
thing which we must all admit. That is not
denied by the Democrats of South Carolina.
Some of them doubtless rejoice in this, because
they can throw the blame, as they think, upon
the administration of the State, which is in the
hands of their political foes. 11 is not now the
question, what is the cause which has brought
about this condition of affairs ? It is usoltss,
except for the purpose of gaining partisan
credit or fixing partisan odium, now to charge
the blame here or there. But, sir, the naked
facts stare us in the face, that this condition
of affairs does exist, and that it is necessary
for the strong arm of the law to interpose and
protect the people in their lives, liberty, and
property.
Just here allow me to make a suggestion.
If the gentlemen on this side of the House
propose to legislate for the benefit of the peo-
ple of the South, I tell them, and say it fully
conscious of the responsibility that rests upon
me in saying it, that while legislation i3 neces-
sary, yet -unless' they are ready to concede
along with this legislation for the protection
of the loyal people of the South some accom-
panying measure to go hand in hand with this
and remove as far as in our power rests some
of the evils that have brought about the ex-
isting condition of things, neither this legisla-
tion nor any other that you may pass from now
until the hour of doom will be of any bfenefit.
I speak knowing what I say.
Mr. Speaker, when the Governor of my
State the other day called in council the
leading men of that State, to consider the
condition of affairs there and to advise what
measure would be b*sst for the protection of
the people, whom did he call together 1 The
major portion of the men whom he convened
were men resting under political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment. In
good faith I ask gentlemen on this side of the
House, and gentlemen on the other side,
whether it is reasonable to expect that these
men should be interested, in any shape or
form, in using their influence and best endeav-
ors for the preservation of the public peace,
when they have nothing to look for politically
in the future? You say they should have the
moral and material interest of their State at
heart, though even always to be denied a par-
ticipation in its honors. You may insist that
the true patriot seeks no personal ends in the
acts of patriotism. All this is true ; but, Mr.
Speaker, men are but men everywhere, and
you ought not to expect of those whom you
daily call by opprobrious epithets, whom you
daily remind of their political sins, whom you
persistently excludfe from places of the smallest
trust in the Government you have created, to
be very earnest to cooperate with you in the
work of establishing and fortifying govern-
ments set up in hostility to the whole tone of
their prejudices, their convictions, and their
sympathies. What ought to be is one thing,
what in the weakness and fallibility of human
nature will be is quite another thing. The
statesman regards the actual and acts upon it;
the desirable, the possible, and even the prob-
able furnishes but poor basis for political action.
If X had time I would enumerate some of the
causes which have brought about the existing
state of affairs. I am not here to apologize for
murderers; I am not here to defend any one
who has committed any act of impropriety or
wrong. Bat, sir, it is a fact, I do not give it as
any or even the slightest excuse for the Dem-
ocrats of my State, who, by their influence
secretly or by joining in armed organization,
have brought about this condition of affairs—it
is a fact, unfortunately for us, that our party
has done some things which give color to the
charge that it is responsible to some degree
for the evils which afflict us.
When 1 heard the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] on Tuesday last hurl his
shafts against the members of my race, charg-
ing that.through their ignorance they had
brought about these excesses, I thought lie
should have remembered that for the ignorance
of that portion of the people he and his parly
associates are responsible, not those people
themselves. While there may have been extrav-
agance and corruption resulting from the plac-
ing of improper men in official positions—and
this is part of the cause of the existing state of
things—these evils have been brought about by
men identified with the race to which the gen-
tleman from New York belongs, and not by our
race.
Many men like himself, in order to get a bet-
ter position in society or officially, came down
among us, and, not knowing them, we placed
them in position. If we, through ignorance,
have placed them in position, have placed them
in power, and they have deceived us, it is no
fault of ours. In this connection I desire to
have read a part of the remarks of the gentle-
man from New York on Tuesday last.
