1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
duty it shall be to inquire into the condition of the
late insurrectionary States so far as regards the exe-
cution of the laws and the safety of the lives and
property of the citizens of the United States, with
leave to import at any time during tho next or any
subsequent session of Congress the result of their
investigation to either or both Houses of Congress,
with fuoh recommendation as tbey may deem expe-
dient, that said committee bo authorized to employ
clerk*- and stenographers, to sit during the recess,
and to send for persons and papers, to administer
oaths and take testimony, and to visit at their dis-
cretion, through sub-committees, any portions of
said States during the recess of Congress; and all
expenses of said committee shall be paid out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, upon vouchers
approved by the chairman of said committee.
The amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] to the amendment of
the Housp of Representatives is to add the
following:
And said committee shall have power to print and
make public from time to time during tho recess the
results of their investigations.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that resolution taken
up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet. The
Senator from Ohio will be entitled to the floor
upon it when it is taken up.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I hope it will not
be taken up now; and that being voted down,
that the Senator from Nevada, the chairman
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
will have his resolution made the order for
to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. If there is no one who
desires to discuss that resolution, why could
we not dispose of it now? There will be plenty
of material on which to discuss this general
question when a bill comes before the Senate.
The Senator from Ohio has suggested that Sen-
ators on that side would prefer to discuss that
bill when it is presented. Why can we not
dispose of this matter, and then proceed with
the resolution reported by the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, and let it be the
unfinished business for to-morrow ?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish five minutes on
this question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take this up first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the resolu-
tion of the Senate for the appointment of a
joint committee to inquire into the condition
of affairs in the late insurrectionary States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tiiurman] v/as upon the floor when
this resolution was last under consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. I have already said on
this resolution all that I desired to say; but
' ciicumstances have changed since I offered
some remarks upon it to the Senate. Then
you had not adopted the resolution that has
passed to-day; a resolution peremptorily in-
structing the Committee on the Judiciary to
report certain bills, and to report them as soon
as practicable, or forthwith, as my friend from
Rhode Island said, and I admit that is about
the same thing. Now, I say, the circumstances
have changed. I voted for the pending reso-
lution when it passed the Senate and wont to
the House of Representatives, because then I
understood that legislation was to await the
coming in of the report of the committee, and
that the legislation was to be based upon the
facts that should be reported by the commit-
tee. Bat now, without waiting for the facts
at all, without waiting for any investigation
whatsoever, you have instructed the Judiciary
Committee to report bills upon this subject,
and just as comprehensive as you can make
them, and your instructions are peremptory.
That being the case, what is the use of this
committee, I should like to know, when your
legislation is to precede it? I see no use at
all of the expense and inconvenience of this
committee after you have already passed all
the measures which you could pass if the com-
mittee had made its report; and seeing no use
for it, and believing, as I must believe after
the vote that has just been had, instructing the
Judiciary Committee to report bills, that the
whole object of this roving commission, with
its pronunciamienios or bulletins from time
to time as it may travel through the country,
is simply to make electioneering documents
at the public expense, I, for one, shall vote
against the resolution, and I am ready to vote
now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, Mr. President,
I desire 
Mr. CONKLING and others. Let us vote.
Mr. WILSON. It was understood the other
day that this resolution was to be the subject
of debate, that there were several speeches to
be made, and that we would go on with it.
Mr. CONKLING. So it v/as; but if no
Senator wishes to speak 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Freunghuysen] has just risen
for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon ; I*did not
see that any Senator had risen to speak. Of
course we ought to observe the understanding
if any Senator wishes to speak ; but if no Sen-
ator wishes to speak, and there will be oppor-
tunity for debate on othet questions, J do not
see why we should not vote.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey yield for that purpose?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question U
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty-two minutes spent in
executive session the doors were reopened.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Porter,
his Secretary.
The message was read as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I have tho honor to submit herewith to the two
Houses of Congress tho report of tho commissioners
appointed in pursuanceof joint resolution approved
January 12,1871.
It will be observed thatthirf report more than sus-
tains all that I have heretofore said in regard to the
productiveness andhealthfulncss of tho republic of
tian Domingo; of tho unanimity of the people for
annexation to the United States, and of their peace-
able character.
It is due to the public, as it certainly is to myself,
that I should here give ail tho circumstances which
first led to tho negotiation of a treaty for the annex-
ation of the republic of San Domingo to the United
States.
When I accepted tho arduous and responsible
position which i now hold, L did not dream of in-
stituting any steps for the acquisition of insular pos-
sessions. X believed, however, that our institutions
were broad enough to extend over the entire con-
tinent as rapidly as other peoples might desire to
bring themselves under our protection. I believed
further that we should not permit any independent
Government within the limits of North America to
pass from a condition of independence to one of
ownership or protection under an European Power.
Soon after my inauguration as President I was
waited upon by an agent of President )Jacz, with a
proposition to annex the republic of San Domingo
to the United States. This gentleman represented
the capacity of the island, the desire of the people
and their character and habits about as they have
been described by the commissioners, whose report
accompanies this message. lie stated further, that
being weak in numbers and poor in purse, they wero
not capable of developing their great resources, that
the people had no incentive to industry on account
of lack of protection for their accumulation!-!; and
that if not accepted by the United States with in-
stitutions which they loved above those of any other
nation, they would be compelled to seek protection
elsewhere. To these statements i made no reply,
and. gave no indication of what I thought of the
proposition. In the course of time 1 wu** waited
upon by a second gentleman from San Domingo,
who made tho same representations, and who was
received in like manner.
In view ofthe facts which bad beenlaiu before me,
and with an earnest desire to maintain the " Monroe
doctrine," I believed that I would be derelict in my
duty if I did not take measures to ascertain the exact
wishof the Government and inhabitants of there-
public of San Domingo in regard to annexation, and
communicate the information to the people of the
United States. Under tho attending circumstances
I felt that if I turned a deaf ear to this appeal I
might, in the future, be justly charged with a flagrant
neglect of the public interests and an utter disregard
of the welfare of a downtrodden race, praying for
the blessings of a free and strong Government and
for protection in the enjoyment of the fruits of their
own industry.
Those opponents of annexation who have hereto-
fore professed to be preeminently the friends ofthe
rights of man, I believe would be my most violent
as&aiiants if I neglected so clear a duty. Accord-
ingly, after having appointed a commissioner to visit
the island, who declined on account of sickness, I
selected a second gentleman, in whose capacity,
judgment, and integrity I had, and have yet, the
most unbounded confidence. Ho visited San Do-
mingo, not to secure or hasten annexation, but, un-
prejudiced and unbiased, to learn all the facts about
tho Government, the people, and the resources of
that republic. He went certainly as well prepared
to make an unfavorable report as a favorable one,
if the facta warranted it. Ilis report fully corrobo-
rated the views of previous commissioners, and upon
its receipt 1 felt that a sense of duty and a due
regard for our great national interests required me
tonegotiato a treaty for the acquisition of the repub-
lic of San Domingo.
As soon as it became'publicly known that such
a treaty had been negotiated, the attention of the
country was occupied with allegations calculated to
prejudice the merits of the case and with aspersions
upon those whose duty had connected them with it.
Amid tho public excitement thus created, the treaty
failed to receive the requisite two-thirds vote of
the Senate and was rejected ; but whether tho
action of that body was based wholly upon the merits
of the treaty, or might not have been, in some de-
groe, influenced by such unfounded allegations, could
not be known by the people, because the debates of
tho Senate in secret session are not published.
Under those circumstances I deemed it due to the
office which I hold, and due to the character of the
agents who had been charged with the investigation,
that such proceedings should bo had as would enable
the people to know the truth. A commission was
therefore constituted, under authorityof Congress,
consisting of gentlemen selected with special ref-
erence to their high character and capacity for the
laborious work intrusted to them, who were instruct-
ed to visit the spot and report upon the facts. Other
eminent citizens were requested to accompany tho
commission, in order that tho people mighthavetho
benefit of their views. Students of science and cor-
respondents of tho press, without regard to political
opinions, wore invited to join tho expedition, and
their numbers were limited only by tho capacity of
the vessel.
The mere rejection by the Senato of a treaty nego-
tiated by the President only indicates a difference
of opinion between two coordinate departments of
tho Government, without touching the character or
wounding ^ho pride of either. Hut when such rejec-
tion takes place simultaneously with charges openly
made of corruption on the part of tho President, or
of those employed by him, the case is different. In-
deed, in such case, the honor of thenation demands
investigation. This has been accomplished by the
report of the commissioners, herewith transmitted,
and which fully vindicates the purity of the motives
and action of those at ho represented tho United
States in the negotiations.
And now my task is finished, and with it ends
all personal solicitude upon the subject. My duty
being done, yours begins; and I gladly hand over
the whole matter to the judgment of the American
people and of their representatives in Congress
assembled. The facts will now be spread before tho.
country, and a decision rendered by that tribunal
whose convictions so seldom err, and against whoso
will I have no policy to enforce. My opinion remains
unchanged—indeed, it is confirmed by the report—
that the interests of our country and of San Domingo
alike invite the annexation ol that republic.
In view of the difference of opinion upon this
subject, T suggest that no action be taken at the
present session beyond tho printing and general
dissemination of the report. Boforo the next ses-
sion of Congress the people will have considered
the subject, and formed an intelligent opinion con-
cerning it; to which opinion, deliberately made up,
it will be the duty of every department of the Gov-
ernment to give heed; and no one will more cheer-
fully conform to it than myself. It is not only tho
theory of our Constitution that the will of the peo-
ple, constitutionally expressed, is the supreme law,
but I have ever believed that "all men are wiser
than any one manand if the people, upon a full
presentation of the facts, shall decide that the annex-
ation of the republic is not desirable, every depart-
ment of the Government ought to acquiesce in that
decision.
In again submitting to Congress a subject upon
which public sentiment has been divided, and which
has been made the occasion of acrimonious debates
in Congress, as well as of unj ust aspersions elsewhere,
T may, I trust, be indulged in a single remark, &o
man could hope to perform duties rq delicate and
responsible as pertain to the presidential office with-
out sometimes incurring the hostility of those who
deem their opinions and wishes treated with insuffi-
cient consideration; and he who undertakes to con-
duct the affairs of a great Government a« a faithful
