232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
is invited to become dictator. It is proposed
to confer this unlimited power upon a man
whose history is wholly military, except for
the two years of his Presidency, which has
been signalized by utter disregard of law, as
admitted by his own friends on the Judiciary
Committee in reference to his conduct in
Georgia, and by the late chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in reference to
San Domingo.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to inter-
rupt my friend, and will not occupy any of his
time, but if I understand him rightly to say
that the Judiciary Committee ever stated, or
hinted, or insinuated, that the President had
violated any law in regard to Georgia, I think
he is very touch mistaken.
Mr. CONK LING. I think so, too.
Mr. BLAIR. My impression is that the com-
mittee did so adjudge. When General Terry
went, there he certainly exceeded his powers,
and had the authority of the President for so
doing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means. The
Judiciary Committee reported that, upon the
evidence before them, General Terry, a sub-
ordinate officer, having 110 instructions to do
anything of the laud, allowed certain people
there to do things which they werenot author
ized to do ; and my friend is not authorized to
say that either the War Department or the
President ever affirmed it. On the contrary,
it was referred to Congress, and the result is
what my friend knows.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. And the statement of the
Judiciary Committee was that General Terry
had mistaken his duty.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 say he did exceed his au-
thority, and it was so adjudged by the Judi-
ciary Committee. He superseded the Legisla-
ture of Georgia after it was admitted as a State
and after that Legislature had elected Senators,
who were admitted to their seats in this body.
He sent his subordinate, Terry, to exercise
dictatorial power over it, to put out one olass
of members and introduce another set as rep-
resentatives of the people, which was done,
just, as Colonel Pride purged the Parliament
by Cromwell's order, and a man made speaker
of the body who was not chosen by it to the
station. This high handed measure was sane
tionedin advance by the President, who ordered
him, through General Sherman at his elbow in
the War Office in Washington, to use his dis
cretion in efl'oct.ing such measures; sanctioned
by the President after it was done, because he
did not order this illegal act to be undone by
his subordinate or reprimand him for doing it.
it was, therefore, to all intents and purposes,
the act of the President, and the act itself was
condemned by the Judiciary Committee.
This power is conferred ostensibly to protect
the black man. And it is conferred on one
who a few years ago was a pro-slavery man
and was openly opposed to negro suffrage,
and to those who advocated that measure, till
authority was given him by the reconstruction
acts to apply that suffrage by military force to
this own elevation.
It is now proposed to renew his military
power over the southern States and to extend
it to such others as he may deem it necessary.
With what object? Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, avowed that the object of negro suffrage
was to secure party power. His language was,
that the southern States—
" Ought never to be recoguized as capable of act-
ing 111 the Union" * f ■" "until the
Constitution shall have been so amended as to make
it what its framers intended, and so as to secure per-
petual ascendency to the party of the Union."
He adds:
"That it" ih'-.y should grant the right of suffi age to
persona'/color. I tbmk there would always be Union
wnite men enough, aided by the blacks, to divide tile
representation, 'Mid thus continue the Itepnblican
ascendency."
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] in
discussing the present measure is nearly as
bold. He
"The Democratic party will make a desperate strug-
gle for power ; if it shall succeed, it will be only by
carrying the southern States, and it cannot do this
except by a reign of terror, the effect, of which will
be to deprive Republicans of theirrights by intimid-
ating them at the polls or driving them into exile."
This measure, then, is to prevent the Demo-
cratic party from carrying the southern States.
That party has already carried those States, or
the great body ofthem,and carried them fairly
beyond all controversy.
This declaration was made by him when he
opened the political campaign last week in
the presence of the President himself, after he
had beeu made master of the situation by the
passage of this bill through the House, where
alone danger to it was apprehended. There
is no difference between the declaration of the
Senator and of Mr. Stevens, and the object
to be attained is the same and the means of
accomplishing it are similar, the bayonet!
The Ku Klux outrages do not justify the
proposed action, if admitted to then- full ex-
tent. Reconstruction bred the Union Leagues,
and these bred the Ku Klux, and these asso-
ciations, following the inevitable course of all
secret political associations, have run into dis-
orders, and such disorders, in time, break up
the associations. The outrages of the Know-
Nothings broke down that order. Many Rad-
ical Senators have been Know-Nothings, but
1 would not impute to them the burning of the
convent at Charlestown, or the muiders com-
mitted in Philadelphia, Baltimore, and other
cities by the members of that association.
The Democratic party, then in power, did not
authorize the President to suspend the govern-
ments of Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Mary-
land, and other States because these disorders
were not immediately repressed. No man who
loves free government would think of doing
such a thing.
■The Radicals make a mistake in thinking
that^ they can continue their rule by mere
power against public opinion; that they can
usurp and perpetuate their power through the
forms of law, though passed in defiance of the
letter and spirit of the Constitution. There
could not be a more fatal delusion, or one more
certain to induce ruin and bloodshed. This
was the Napoleonic theory which has brought
France to her present lamentable condition.
Governor Alcorn has requested the Legis-
lature to organize a regiment to put down the
Ku Klux. A regiment. I This is hailed as a
triumphant proof of the necessity of this bill.
If a single regiment of mounted police is
deemed enough by the Radical Governor to
put down the disorder, and 1 have 110 doubt it
will prove all-sufficient for the whole State of
Mississippi, is there any ground for deelaiing
the Stale in rebellion?
The theory of the Constitution is that the
local authorities know better than the Federal
authorities when aid should be given by the
latter to put down insurrections and domestic
violence. They are more directly interested
in the preservation of peace, are better in-
formed as to the nature and intent of the dis-
turbances, and know better how to deal with
them. There is no reason to suspect a sup-
pression of the truth by Governors Alcorn,
Bullock, Holden, and other Radical Govern-
ors, all of whom have recently declared that
peace exists and that there is no necessity for
this bill. Theirtestimony confutes all the pre-
tenses on which this bill is founded, and their
testimony is corroborated by the official reports
ot the military officers of this Government
sent bythe President to North Carolina, and
by the financial and agricultural condition of
the South, as shown by official documents.
The aggravated cases of outrage proved be-
fore the Senate committee happened eighteen
months ago. This bill was prepared by a
member of the last House of Representatives,
who has been engaged in the Tennessee investi-
gation which failed so ignominiously, and be
was so confounded by the testimony that he
abandoned the scheme of reconstructing Ten-
nessee, although the House was two thirds
Radical, and never asked the publication of
the testimony. Nor could he get action 011 it
in that strongly partisan House, the Speaker
of which declared that peace existed through-
out the country. Why are we called upon to
override the Constitution 011 the pretense of
meeting exigencies which are thus absolutely
disproved ? I do not mean to eay that gentle-
men here state what they know is false when
they assort the contrary, but I do say that they
rely upon information which the Constitution
and laws and common sense alike preclude
them from crediting. They are acting on a
foregone conclusion, forced 011 them by their
party necessities. They will lose possession
of the Government if they do not reoccupythe
South by military force, and it is this obvious
interest in the question which biases their judg-
ment.
Mr. President, I am fully persuaded that all
this outrage business is simply a preparation
lor the election, a renewal of the asperities and
controversies which have agitated the country
so longand which constitute the very lite-blood,
as it were, of the party uow in power. I will
read from a Republican source an article which
was rend in the House of Representatives by
Mr. Biggs, of the Suite of Delaware. He
says it is from the correspondent of a Radi-
cal journal, the Cincinnati Commercial ; and
he explains at the same time that the circum-
stances mentioned took place and were pub-
lished about a year ago. The correspondent
says:
" It seems strange that so little should be known
heroconeerning the real conditionof affairs in North
Carolina. There is moro than a suspicion that but
little cause exists tor the extraordinary course taken
by Governor Holden. One fact, knowa tiei-e to most
of the press, has done more thau any of tile stories
from either side 011 the lield ot action to throw sus-
picion upon iloldon's movements and create the
belief that he has acted only to further the interests
of local politic.il factions. And that fact is this: a
few weeks betore adjournment tieoator Pool camo to
the reporters' gallciyand called out a gentleman he
supposed to bo connected with the Washing ton Chron-
iclo, [.Mr. Forney's paper.J XIo then showed him a
North Carolina newspaper, in which there was a col-
lection ot Ku Klux outrages, muiders, and robbings
drawn out at great length. The Senator went 011 to
say quico confidently that it was desirable tile Chron-
icle should at once begin tue publication of this col-
lection. and keep it up until the statements made
should be well disseminated in the North. He far-
ther explained the need of tnis by saying that to
carry t ho Stato noxt LiU it would bo necessary to uso
the mintia extensively, and if this collection of out-
rages couid be well circulated beforehand it would
justify the step in the eyes ot northern Republicans.
Air. Pool made tho mistake ot commuuicating all
this to tho wrong man, However, he must have
ascertained his mistako afterward, and remedied it,
as accounts of dire outrago in North Carolina began
to appe.tr the second day after this conversation,
and in due tune the State militia has appeared upon
the scene."
it seems 
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him just there?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. POOL. My attention was called to that
article after it was too late for me to notice it
in the Senate Chamber. It appeared in the
papers in my own State with comments upon
it. I will state that the article is not true.
There are some things true in it; but that part
upon which the Senator and upon which others
have remarked is entirely untrue. It is one
of those falsehoods which the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayakd] denounced as being
the basest, of all, having a giain of truth in
them. I should have said this it it bad been
called to my attention prior to the adjourn-
