1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Senate,
raent of the session before the last one of the
last Congress.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know from what the
Senator has said what part of this article is
true or false. I had not remarked upon any
particular part of it when interrupted; but I
should judge from other circumstances that
enough of it, at least, was true to give founda-
tion for what I have said—that it was one of
the objects of this party to create the impres-
sion that there were such outrages in order to
justify them in using the militia to carry the
election.
In the remarks that I made some days ago
I alluded to the address of the .Republican
members of the Legislature of North Carolina,
an address circulated extensively in that State,
■which was issued in August, 1868. The in-
formation upon which I spoke was that of Mr.
Goodloe, who told me in his letter that the
address recommended the negroes to retaliate
by burning the houses and barns and commit-
ting other outrages upon the people who dis-
charged them from employment. The Senator
from North Carolina contradicted the state -
ment and emphatically denounced the authority
which I gave as false. I have since received
a letter from Mr. Goodloe, which 1 shall read
in justice to him, which contains extracts from
that address. It will be remembered by the
Senate that I alleged that without going to
Democratic conventions you mij;ht look else-
where for the cause of these outrages that
were committed; that it commenced in the
incitements to these ignorant negroes to com-
mit these outrages. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] agreed with me that the
era of disturbance in North Carolina com-
menced in and about that time, that there had
not been any disturbances of any consequence
in the State previously. He alleged that these
disturbances grew out of the Democratic plat-
form and the utterances of prominent Demo-
crats, or those whom he was pleased to call
prominent Democrats ; that they incited the
Democrats to commit these outrages. Sir, the
Democratic convention uttered no sentiment
which justified any resistance to law by phys-
ical force, nor did they encourage any man to
resist by physical force, but sought only^ by
constitutional means to undo the unconstitu-
tional acts of Congress. I said that we need
not look to the temperate counsels, the coun-
sels of moderation uttered by the Democratic
convention, as any justification for these out
rages in the South, but rather to the inflam-
matory appeals made by the Radicals to these
ignorant, semi-barbarous negroes, inducing
them to take this course.
Now, sir, in justification to Mr. Goodloe,
I will read his letter:
Washington, April 6,1871.
Dear Sir: Having furnished you from memory
with the statement tliatSenator Pool, ofNorth Car-
• oliua, was in part, at lea^t, the author of an *' address
to the people" of North Carolina in 1868, which
advised the colored people to burn the barns and
houses of those who refused to employ them on ac-
count oi their politics, I herewith furnish you with
extracts from tho paper itself m proof of the truth
of the charge. I thould run no risk of life or limb if
. I were to retort the imputation of falsehood which I
understand Mr. Pool made against me in the Senate
yesterday, but the public? will be better satisfied with
the proofs. It will be seen that while the address
does not directly advise the colored people to burn
and steal the property of the whites, it suggests the
probability of nuch a thing, and leaves it to be in-
terred that the cirucmstances would justify such acts
ofievenge and retaliation. It will be seen also that
the Standard newspaper, the organ otthe party, was
still more explicit in advising violence only two days
alter publishing the address*. It is clear, iu view oi
tho iacts, that the editor of the Standard understood
the address as the public at largo did, and he had no
hesitation in saying so. Mr. Pool denies that what
every 0110 else regarded as the necessary toudency
and effect of the address was the purpose ot its
authors. In like manner, no doubt, if old Peggy
Lobb, the grandmother of Paul Ciitford, had been
arraigned on a charge of training up that enterpris-
ing youth "in ways that were dark and to tricks that
were vain," sbe, honestoldsoul, wouldhavepointed
in triumph to her record, in which she is reported
to have said to him, "Never steal anything, ieetie
Paul, 'specially if anybody be about."
"I find the 'legislative address' in the Raleigh
Standard of August 24,1868. It is signed by ninety
Radical members. The following extracts will be
universally regarded by candid men as equivalent
to a suggestion, or recommendation of incendiary
violence and murder by the colored people;
"'Did it never occur to you, ye gentlemen of prop-
erty, education, and character—to you, ye men, and
especially ye women, who never received anything
from tbesecolored people but services, kindness, and
protection—did it neveroccurtoyou that these same
people, who are so very bad, will not be willing to
sleep in the cold, when your houses aredenied them,
merely because they will not vote as you do; that
they may not be willing to starve, while they are
willing to work for bread? Did it never occur to you
that revenge, which is so sweet to you. may be as
sweet to them? Hear us, if nothing else you will
hear, did it never occur to you that it you kill their
children with hunger they will kill your children
with fear? Did it never occur to you that if you,
good people, maliciously determine that they shall
have no shelter, they may determine that you shall
have no shelter?" *******
"And now, be it remembered that in the lato
election there were more than twenty thousand
majority of the freemen of North Carolina who
voted in opposition to the Democratic party. Will
it be safe for the land-holders, the householders,
and the meat-holders to attempt to kickinto disgrace
and starve to death twenty thousand majority of the
freemen of the State?"
There is much more of the same sort of incendiary
suggestion in the address. •
I will say to the Senator that I have myself
read this address—it will be found in the
Standard, on file in the State Department in
this city—and that these extracts are correct.
It is all based on an intemperate resolution adopted
in one of the counties, accompauied, perhaps, by
some one or two inte-inperale speeches. I never
heard but one such speech, and I never knew any
one to act on the advice given.
To show the construction which was placed on
these passages of the address by leading Radicals
themselves, I make the following extracts from the
editorial columns of the Daily Standard, the recog-
nized organ of the Radical party. The article ap-
pears only two days after the publication of the
address, and is headed:
" lietaliation.
" Christianity condemns retaliation. But Govern-
ment is not administered on Christian principles."
I thought Republicans pretended that it
was.
Mr. CASSERLY. On " moral ideas.''
Mr. BLAIR. I thought some of them even
went so far as to proclaim that it was adminis-
tered upon Christian principles. I know they
do not practice it, but I think they so pre-
tended.
"Even well-fed doctors of divinity tell us that we
must not construe too strictly those passages which
to a simpler comprehension seem to inculcate non-
resistance to injuries. However, be this as it may,
one thing at least is certain, and that is, that self-
preservation is the first law of nature, and'we find
that both individuals and nations illustrate the
maxim." * « # * "Personal revenge
is transmuted into a religious virtue and public
indignation not only justifies but approves the act."
* * " * "It is entirely incorrect to sup-
pose that the object of punishment is to reform the
criminal or to make an example of him to deter
others from crime. These are only the incidents."
# # * * * * it * * * •:<
"The idea of punishment, then, is the idea of re-
taliation, Itisjustand right to retaliate; itismore,
it is often expedient, not unfrequently necessary."
There is much more of th'S sort of disgusting
slang in the article, which I omit. It is all preht-
torv, however, to the false and malicious statement
that the black race is entirely dependent upon those
who desire to reduce it to a state of " political serf-
dom." Much is said about the dependence of the
oppressed race on those who " possets houses and
lands and meat." Quoting the language of the ad-
dress; and the conclusion is arrived at that "0/
course it 18 not to be supposed that men, and women and
children will starve to deathwhile corn is still standing
in the fields and while hogs and cattle are not kept under
lock and key."
Here follows a ridiculously impracticable scheme
of supporting the whole idle colored and white pop-
ulation by taxing the owners of lands, houses, and
meat. Bat this is merely the disguise thrown over
the Radical scheme of wholesale incendiarism.
On the 19th of September of the same year this
organ of the Radicals, taking the hint perhaps from
the legislative address, which warns the women what
they were to expect, publishes an editorial article
entitled "work." It offered such an insult to the
ladies of the State that its carpet-bag author, the
editor of the paper, could only escape the indigna-
tion and scorn of all decent people by leaving the
State; and it became necessary, in order to save the
Radical party from utter disgrace and rtiin, that his
name should be taken out ot the paper. On repe-
rusing the article I find it too offensive to decency
for repetition in a respectable newspaper.
I have the honor to be, yours, truly,
DANIEL R. GOODLOE.
Now, sir, the only comment I desire to make
upon that legislative address is to express the
belief that it sustains to the fullest extent the
construction put upon it by the gentleman who
first gave me the information in regard to it.
Nothing could be better calculated to inflame the
passions of an ignorant population than these
suggestions contained in that address. The
Senator did not deny the other day that he
was the author of that address in part. 1 f he
was, he may have had in his mind a different
object, but, unquestionably, there could not
have been any other result than that which
followed the design of theauthors, tltatitshould
have universal adoption.
I again reiterate that Senators need not go
to the Democratic convention at New York or
the advice of Democratic politicians anywhere
proclaiming the legislation of Congress uncon-
stitutional, null, and void, to find the causes
which incite these people to outrage and law-
lessness. Let them look at this address, a por-
tion of which I have read here to night, and
which I have verified by looking at the paper
in which it was published. They will see there
much more than I have read of this same in-
cendiary language, intended perhaps, but if not
intended, nothing could have contributed more
to bring about the condition of affairs which
is complained of here.
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. POOL. I stated before, when this base
charge was made of the intent of that address,
and which never was made by a respectable
or decent man in the State of North Carolina,
that in several counties there had been pri-
mary meetings of the Democracy held, as I
was informed, and resolutions passed, all of
which is stated in that letter of Mr. Goodloe's,
that they would not employ colored men unless *
they voted their ticket. The result of such
general action on the part of the Democracy
would have led to the very thing which that
address was meant to avoid ; and there is 110
man who does not know that it would neces-
sarily have led to it, as I showed the other day.
The purpose of the address was to warn the
people of the State against a repetition of such
meetings and such resolutions, and it had that
effect; for never was another meeting held for
that purpose or such resolutions again passed
by the Democracy.
The Senator says that the advice was adopted
universally through the State of North Caro-
lina. In thai, the Senator states what is not
the fact. Those who have so informed him
have misled him. It was not adopted at all.
There may have been burnings, but, they have
been to a very limited extent. Nine out of
ten have been in retaliation for Ku Klux out-
rages committed long after that address was
issued. Itwas issued by the Republican mem-
bers of the- Legislature of North Carolina.
The part to which the gentleman refers I was
not the author of at all. As I said on another
occasion, portions of that address 1 may have
suggested. I was present with others when
consultation was had upon it. I deemed it
proper that the address should issue ; I deemed
everything in it proper. The object was proper ;
and, sir, the object was accomplished, which
was to prevent the burnings and universal col-
lision between the whites and the blacks that
would have occurred. I do not know whether
the Senator charges me or not with having the
