474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
tating a general debate on the San Domingo
question upon the country. There has already
been one debate, and, as has been said, a bit-
ter and acrimonious debate, which was pre-
cipitated on the Senate just before the coming
in of the report. And now it seems that the
report will not be allowed to go before the
country for its consideration unless it be loaded
down with speeches, or at least one speech
against it. There is to be no reply 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator will allow me, the Senate has already
voted to lay the motion to print on the table.
My request included that the message should
be printed and at the same time that I should
be allowed to make my speech.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is mistaken
in that. The question that was laid on the
table was the question of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That carried
the motion to print with it.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that if this
consent is givan to the Senator from Vermont,
(and certainly I would be the last Senator to
withhold that courtesy from him,) it ought to
be extended to at least one Senator in this
body who might desire to reply. I am not
asking that privilege for myself, for I have
no desire of that sort; but there ought to be
unanimous consent at least that one Senator
be allowed to reply to that speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
any Senator who desires to reply, I hope there
will be consent given.
Mr. MORTON. And there ought to be
unanimous consent in connection with it that
the message may be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have all that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent that
the message be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 believe I must ask for
a vote on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan insists on his motion, which is
not debatable, and is of the highest privilege,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us settle the other
question first.
Mr. MORTON. Question on the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion ot the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 25.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am both surprised and
mortified at the course that i3 being adopted
here by the Senate. It does seem to me that
so reasonable a request as is made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont ought not to be objected
to by anybody. In the next place, it seems
to me that to refuse to print the message of
the President of the United States, in conse-
quence of any rule of this body, would be
entirely improper. We should print it by
unanimous consent. Is a message from the
President to be tied up here by our rules, and
are we to refuse to print it lost somebody by
unanimous consent should make some remarks
upon it?
[ make these remarks more freely because
I have no disposition to engage in this debate.
But the Senator from Vermont is not trouble-
some with speeches, and he modestly asks to
be permitted at some time convenient to him-
self and to the Senate to make some remarks
in reference to this message. We all know
what will be the character of his remarks. They
will not be an attack upon the President or
anybody else. He feels it his duty, and is
doubtless prepared to say something in refer-
ence to it.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most assuredly.
Mr. MORTON, i ask if it is not reasona-
ble also, to go along with that, that this mes-
sage be printed, and that any one Senator, who
may desire it, may be allowed to reply ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana knows me, I trust, well enough to know
that I would not think of objecting to a Senator
who asks unanimous consent to submit some
remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. I would not deny anybody
that privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody ever heard of
a message being tied up in this way before. I
hope without any further discussion that this
message of the President will be printed. I
have never known the Senate to refuse to print
a message of the President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not refused.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This sort of manage-
ment comes to the same thing. I hope we
shall be involved in no such impropriety ; that
the message will be printed, and a motion, if
it is thought proper, entered to print extra
copies of it; and then if the Senator from Ver-
mont desires to address the Senate on the
subject, let him do so. It will be in the power
of the majority of the Senate, at any time, to
lay the subject on the table if there is an at-
tempt to get up a debate, and the Senate does
not wish to have a debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us see if we can
get unanimous consent.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make a sug-
gestion which, it seems to me, will untie this
knot. Let the message be printed; let some
Senator move to print extra copies; let the
Senator from Vermont take the floor on that
motion and make- his speech, and if any Sen-
ator wishes to reply to him let him do so, and
then the majority can lay the subject on the
table if they see fit.
Mr. HOWE. And print the message.
Mr. THURMAN. My proposition is that
it be printed in the mean time. Now you have
laid it on the table. In that way the majority
can stop the debate whenever they please. '
Mr. SUMNER. They did that the other
day. The majority of the Senate stopped the
debate.
Mr. MORTON. They only stopped it by
repeating the motion.
Mr. THURMAN. If there is a disposition
to prolong the debate, they can do that ; but
if you intend to have an extra number printed,
whenever that is moved, that motion is subject
to debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Ohio will allow the request to be
made as it now stands.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly ; but I do not
think it right to load it down witb conditions
as the Senator from Nevada suggests.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that a motion
to print extra copies could not, under the law,
be considered in the Senate until after it had
been referred and reported back by the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I ask the Chair to
put the question on gianting unanimous con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent that
the message be printed and that he be allowed
to speak upon it on Friday, commencing after
the reading of the Journal. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. CONKLING. With the understanding
that no one else is to speak.
Mr. STEWART. State the whole proposi-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is all the
proposition the Senator from Vermont made.
Does he desire to add anything to it ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will add
the proposition of the Senator from Indiana
if he d isires it, that if any one Senator desires
to reply he shall have an opportunity to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On that day.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Vermont. On that day
or any other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has modified his proposition so that
one Senator can be heard in reply. Is there
objection to the proposition as modified?
Mr. STEWART. I only want the one
speech and I want the debate to stop there
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nevada object?
Mr. STEWART. I consent, provided it is
only to extend to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the last part of the request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdraws his modification, and the
questiou stands on his original proposition,
that the message be printed and that he be
allowed to s.peak upon it on Friday after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. CONKLING. With the understand-
ing that no other speech is to be made on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the under-
standing that no other speech is to be made on
the subject. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is so ordered. The Senate now resumes
the consideration of the concurrent resolution,
on which the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Frelinghuysest] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five o' clock
and twenty-eight minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 5, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DAHLONEGA BRANCH MINT.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the indulgence of the
House to grant leave to have taken from the
Speaker's table and have acted upon at this
time Senate bill No. 273, authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to
the trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College for educational purposes. It is merely
a local bill, and will give rise to no discussion.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 understand there is a
recommendation from the Secretary of the
Treasury in favor of this bill. If such is the
fact I will not object; otherwise, I must object.
Mr. PRICE. There are recommendations
from both the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Attorney General. I do not suppose it is
necessary to have them read.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Let them be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary.
March 16, i 871.
Sir: I am in receipt of your letter of this day, in-
closing copy of a resolution authorizing the transfer
of the branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to the
trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural College.
In reply, I have the honor to say that at present tne
building is not used foi a mint, or for any other pub-
lic purpose, nor do X anticipate that any public use
is likely to arise for the building hereafter.
Some months since it was advertised tor sale at
public auction; but as the highest bid was $1,325
only, I thought it inexpedient to accept it.
The cost of the building is reported at $69,588 33 ;
but its present value is quite inconsiderable as com-
pared with that sum.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
S'y-f
Hon. W. P- Price, M. C,, Home of Representatives.
Attouxey.General's Office,
Washington, Jfurch 17,1S71.
Dear Sir: In answertoyourinijuiriesiureferenco
to the building at Dahlonega, Georgia, foimorly
used for a branch mint, I have the honor to say that
1 know of no public use to which that building can
now be put. It seems to be the policy of the Gov-
ernmentto discontinue the branch mintat that place,
and the building is adapted to no other public use.
I can think of no better disposition of tho prop-
erly than the donation of it to some school or college.
Very truly, yours, A. T. AKERMAN.
Hon. TV. P. Price, House of Representatives.
