236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
this continent to be given over to rapine and
pillage? I think if the Governor of the State
of Louisiana was not the discoverer, the real
discoverer stands a chance, as did tho original
Columbus, of having the continent called after
some other name than his own; for by and bye,
if that Governor goes on as he has gone on,
and retains power much longer, he will have a
right to give his name to the Delta of the Mis-
sissippi, and has, perhaps, acquired that priv-
ilege already by acquiring the title to almost
the entire country. '
I am at a loss to know who is "the Cortez,
all-conquering," and the "haughty Pizarro."
" The bold Pilgrims of the Mayflower" have
many representatives among these carpet-bag-
gers ; but whether they have gone there "with
the banner of civilization and Christianity,"
fleeing from oppression and proscription at
home, as did their forefathers, is a question
of doubt. "The sturdy Knickerbocker of
New Amsterdam!" His foot, when he has
gone South as a carpet bagger, has not been
found less heavy on the necks of the vanquished
people of the South than when he weighed
peltries purchased from the Indians on Man-
hattan Island with his foot in the scale bear-
ing the weight of his whole body. " The more
reBned colonists of Virginia and Maryland"
beg to be excused from the classification, in
which they have but one representative in the
naval officer of New Orleans.
" We of the South," (?) exclaims the Senator
from Louisiana, "accept it" (the designation
of carpet bagger) " in all that pertains to it of
boldness, enterprise, and right, and repudiate
all the opprobrium and ignominy which our
opponents assign to it." The judgment of the
country is not iikuly to conform to the wishes
of the Senator in this respect, but will be more
likely to assign to them what they are so anx-
ious to repudiate, and withhold what they would
claim.
If we are to judge the quality of the "Chris-
tianity and civilization " which they have borne
to the South "on their banners" by their rep-
resentatives here we will not easily discover
the improvement they have wrought; for surely
in culture, civilization, and all the Christian
graces the former Senators and Representa-
tives from the South will not suffer from com-
parison with these Christian carpet-baggers.
Mr. President, there has been an attempt
made by these gentlemen to divest themselves
of the odium of what is known as earpot-bag-
ism. Several new definitions have been given
of the term so as to cover everybody in Amer-
ica who removes from one place to another.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fkemno-
iiuissx] the other day gave us a definition;
and our honored Presiding Officer, in a speech
made the other night at the campaign meeting
in front of the Nationalliotel, gave one. The
definition given by him, as the one given by
the Senator from New Jersey, waa about to the
effect that an American citizen reared in Maine
or in any of the northern States was an Amer-
ican citizen in any part of the United States,
or, to use the original expression of our
Vice President, " wherever the starry banner
floats." That, sir, is a very good expression,
and will serve to turn many a good period;
but everybody knows, notwithstanding this
attempt to make it appear that the desire is to
throw contempt and to incite hostility to all
persons who may remove from one State into
another, notwithstanding all this elaborate
attempt which has been made by gentlemen
of that party in all portions of this Chamber,
still the people of this country understand dis-
tinctly and very well what is meant by a car-
pet-bagger. Tii e people of the South have
no desire to keep people from the North from
coming in and settling among thetn. On the
contrary, most of the States of the South have
colonization societies to invite immigration to
their midst from- the North and from all parts
of the world. But what is known as a carpet-
bagger I think I can best give in the definition
of two other Radicals, or Republicans I should
rather call them. I prefer that they should
give this definition, one which is satisfactory
to me, and I believe will be found so to the
whole country; certainly the true one. I quote
now from the language of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer;]
44 Your reconstruction laws excluded from seats in
those Legislatures almost all men of known political
character, almost all men of recognized social stand-
ing. almost all men having a property interest in the
States reconstructed."
Then he goes on to give the only classes of
men who are not excluded, and of these is the
second class, of whom he thus speaks :
"Of the second class it is enough to say that we
were still more in the dark with regsird to them.
They might bo excellent men who had come with
missionary purpose to inculcato tho political id<?as
which had made the States of their origin great and
powerful; thoy might bo men who, having nothing
in the way of character at home, tho loss of which
would not benefit them, had tho laudable desire to
acquire one in the South they might think worth
keeping. We have been fortunate in acquiringsomo
of thorn. Thoy aro an honor both to the State which
gave them birth and to that which they have made
their home. Others we would gladly return to those
States whose political fortuues are so assured as to
render the presence of a few more or less knaves or
charlatans of little moment. To us they area curse.
Their professions are ot tho loudest; their deeds a*o
of the foulest."
That is the description of both classed of
emigrants that go to the South. Now I will
give a similar definition of both classes, those
men who come in for good purposes, and those
who come in for evil purposes by Governor
Scott, of South Carolina, himself a carpet- bag-
ger, and I should think he was able to Ppeak
knowingly upon the subject:
"First we have the respectablo white population,
who carried South Carolina out of the Union, <tnd
fought to keep her out. Then wo havo a portion of
those lrom tho North who tought to get her back
again. Those two eludes are antagonistic from prin-
ciple, although in time they might bo brought to
regard each other with a fuendly feeling. Ttien we
havo tho worst class of all, tho northern adven-
turors, who eamo hero solely to make money out of
these people's misfortunos. I regret to say that this
class aro numerous, and, by tho aid of another class
still more numerous, thoy havo pushed themselves
into tho control of political affairs, and aro, doubt-
less, working groatevil to theState. Between those
people and their negro supporters and tho southern
pooplo of intelligence there can be no other fooling
than that of intense hatred, and it is mainly through
that condition of things that these Ku Klux out-
rages aro being perpetrated."
Now, sir, that is the definition of men
acquainted by their location, by their expe-
rience with the facts; and it will not do to say
that the southern people are hostile to all who
go among them from other quarters, i know
myself that there is nothiug that they desire
more than to have immigrants from the North
and from all parts of the world to come in and
settle among them; but when they come there
and go to work to inflame the passions of the
negroes against them, to arouse their animos-
ities, to mislead them, to band them together
into secret sworn leagues, to wrest from the
people of the State all political power, and
indeed all power over their own property, and
by legislation to destroyand absorb their prop-
erty, I say the southern people ought to detest
them, as they do detest them and as they will
be detested by all right-minded people in all
parts of the world.
Upon another pointthe Senator from Louisi-
ana took issue with me. He says :
"Tho registration officers in Now Orleans aro
charged with striking from the list of voters some
twenty-three hundred nauies just prior to the elec-
tion. How stands the fact? Tue registration closed
October 28; the law provides tor a supervision of the
registry lists andan examination of their accuracy.
This examination was instituted, with the result of
a publication, on the 4th of November, of some six
hundred names whom the supervising officers had
failed to find as residing at their alleged places of
residence."
The number was only one hundred and fifty
when he interrupted me to correct my state*
rnent while I was speaking. He corrected me
and insisted that it was one hundred and fifty.
It immediately rose to six hundred when he
got time to make his speech. I stated that the
Senators colleague gave me the information.
I have seen him since. In this speech the
Senator says his colleague will not bear me
out in that remark. The Senator's colleague
will bear me out. I reminded him of what
he said. He said he might have used that
number, but upon examination he had found
it to be less; but that Senator will not deny
that he told me as 1 stated originally.
Then the Senator went into a long vindi-
cation of the purity ot the flection at New
Orleans; that there could be no doubt thrown
upon it; that there were United States officers
who were Democrats present during the whole
time of the registration and count of the votes,
I have received a letter on that subject from
Mr. Zttcharie, the chairman of the Democratic
committee of the parish ot Orleans, in which
he gives a full account of the manner in which
that election was conducted, and which I will
read:
Rooms Democratic Parish Committer
of Orleans,
New Orleans, March 21,1871.
Dear Sir: After reading your speech upon tho
amendments to tho bayonet-election law we havo
thought that it might be of interest and use to com-
municate to you the manner in which the act of
the previous session of Congress was administered
in our last election here.
Tho registration offices were opened about the
1st of September, 1870, (but let us remark here that
not having tho necessary memoranda at hand wo
cannot be exact as to this or any other date men-
tioned herein,) under the supervision of 13. P.
Ulanchard, tho Governor's appointee, with but ono
registration office in each ward,and all personswere
excluded from the offices except a single applicant
at a time, the registration officer, his cleik, and one
or more Radical police officers. Every ono present
being Radicals with the exception of the applicant,
and all of them busying themselves with asking and
lequinng answers to all manner of impertinent
questions concerning the applicant's personal, fam-
ily, and religious history, ami by a continuous series
of arbitrary refusals to allow parties to icgister when
all these questions were not answered to the satis-
faction of tho interrogator, the questions being only
asked to citizens known to be Democrats, a large
portion of our citizens were deteried and prevented
irom registering.
This committee then determined to avail itself
of the act of Congress, and forwarded to tho United
States circuit judge, Woods, of this circuit, who was
then absent at Jluntsvilie, Alabama, J udge DurclJ.
United States dif-trict judge, being absent at the
North, thiough the Stato central eommittce, a lita
of names to be appointed commissioners or inspect-
ors of registration and election, with the requisito
affidavits, and determined, by the presence ot one
of these appointees at each registration booth, to
endeavor to mitigate this injustice. "We were not
able to entirely prevent the abuses of this Star
Chamber system ot inquisition and disfranchisement
of our best, citizens. Judge Woods replied to this
application, refusing to appoint the persons whose
names we had forwarded until the Republican com-
mittee had forwarded tneir iist for their paity, and
of course that committee were in no haste to comply
with this requirement, as they already had supreme
control of the registration and knew that by com-
pliance therewith a Democratic inspector would be
enabled to watch them at every poll. In this way
nearly half the time allowed tor registration by the
State law had elapsed before the Democratic ap-
pointees could enterupon theirduties, during which
frauds of the vilest kind had been perpetrated, both
in swelling the registration iist by bogus names and
driving away unregistered citizens entitled to be
enrolled.
As soon as these appointees could take their places
the registration proceeded, if n- tin an entirely fair
manner, at least the Radical officers were prevented
from falsifying the lists sufficiently to carry the elec-
tion, and a careful canvass by our appointees showed
a Democratic majority in the city of from tour to five
thousand on the close of registration. Two days
previous to the election tho announcement of the
number and location of tho polls w«is issued, a proc-
lamation heretotoreusual with us several days prior
to an election, but in this instance intentionally
delayed to prevent communication with the United
States judges who were both still absent. By this
distribution new polls were created, to the extent
of a third or fourth beyond the usual number, and
