476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
jehould arise he had the right to have it decided
tby a jury of his peers. Then, sir, by another
amendment, he was never to be required to give
excessive bail, or be punished by cruel and
unusual punishment. And still later, sir, after
the bloody sacrifice of our four years' war, we
gave the most grand of all these rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities, by one single amend-
ment to the Constitution, to four millions of
American citizens who sprang into being, as it
were, by the wave of a magic wand. Still far-
ther, every person born on the spil was made
a citizen and clothed with them all. Lastly,
sir, every one of them jvas given the ballot.
It. is all these, Mr. Speaker, which are com-
* preher.ded in the words "American citizen,"
and it is to protect and to secure him in these
rights, privileges, and immunities this bill is be-
fore the House. And the question to be settled
is, whether by the Constitution, in which these
. provisions are inserted, there is also power to
guard, protect, and enforce these rights of the
citizens; whether they are more, indeed, than
a mere declaration of rights, carrying with it
no power of enforcement, giving no authority
to the executive, the judicial, or the legisla-
tive department of the Government to see to
it that the American citizen already enjoyed
undisturbed and freely the rights of which it
is his just pride to boast before all the subjects
of all other nations upon the face of the earth.
Sir, can there be any doubt that there exists
whatever power is necessary to secure these
rights? I do not stop to define them, I do not
stop to say how far they go and what they
fall short of. Whatever they are, on this side
of the House and on the other no man trifles
■with them. Every member of this House boasts
of them. Every member of this House will
stand upon- his feet and say that he will do
what in him lies to defend them and to secure
every American citizen in their full enjoyment,
or he will go down before a storm of public
indignation wherever he lifts his head. So,
sir, we need not stop to inquire what they are.
"Whatever they are, the question is whether
this Constitution, after all, was so empty, con-
sisting of words, nothing more, as merely to
embody abstract principles without carrying
with it by its own force the power by legisla-
tion, or by any other proper means, of securing
and carrying out to their full extent the free,
undisturbed enjoyment of each and every one
of the rights, privileges, and immunities, what-
ever they may be and however broad they
may be, which the Constitution itself secures,
or professes at least to secure, to the American
citizen.
Why, sir, Mr. Hamilton, when pressing this
Constitution in the beginning on the American
people, argued that point in better language
than it has ever been argued since, and I ask
the House to listen to him. When speaking of
the proper use of the national force for the
carrying out of the provisions of the Consti-
tution, lie says:
"The authorities essential to the care of the com-
mon defense arc these: to raise armies; to build and
equip fleets; to prescribe rules for the government
ot both; to direct their operations: to provide for
theirsupport. These powers ought to exist without
limitation, because it is impossible to foresee or to
define the extent and variety of national exigen-
cies, and the correspondent extent and variety ot the
means which may be necessary to satisfy them. The
circumstances that endanger the safety of nations
aro infinite, and for this reason no constitutional
shackles can wisely be imposed on the power to
which theeare of it is committed. This power ought
to be coexteusivowilh all the possible combinations
of such circumstances, and ought to be under the
direction ot Hie same councils which are appointed
to preside over the common defense."
" This is one of the truths which, to a correct and
unprejudiced mind, carries its own evidence along
with it, and may be obscured, but cannot be made
plainer by argument or reasoning. It rests upon
axioms as simple as they aro universal—the means
ought to be proportioned to the end; the persons
from whose agency the attainment of any end is
expected, ought to possess the means by which it is
to be attained.
"Whether there ought to be a Federal Govern-
ment,intrust?dwith theeare of the common defense,
is a question, 5b the first instance, open for discus-
eion; butthemomentitisdecidedintiieaffirmative,
it will follow that that Government ought to he
clothed with all the powers requisite to the complete
execution of its trust. And unless it can be shown
that the circumstances which may affect the public
safety are reducible within certain determinate lim-
its; unless the contrary of this position can be fairly
and rationally disputed, it must be admitted, as a
necessary consequence, that there can be no limita-
tion of that authority, which is to provide for the
defense and protection of the community, in any
matter essential to its efficacy; that is, in any mat-
ter essential to the formation, direction, or support
of the national forces."
And again:
" That if we are in earnest about giving the Union
energy and duration, we must abandon the vain
project of legislating upon the States in their col-
lective capacities; we muit extend the laws of the
Federal Government to the individual citizens of
America; we must discard the fallacious scheme
ot quotas and requisitions, as equally impracticable
and unjust."
And then Chief Justice Marshall, in the cel-
ebrated case, McCulloch vs. Maryland, says:
" The Government which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed on it the duty of performing that
act, must, according to the dictates of reason, be
allowed to select the means, and those who contend
that it may not select any appropriate means, that
one particular mode of effecting the object is ex-
cepted, take upon themselves the burden of estab-
lishing that exception."
And again:
"No sufficient reason is, therefore, perceived why
it may not pass as incidental to those powers which
are expres-ly given, if it be a direct mode of exe-
cuting them."
And later, though not oil that account any
more authoritative, Judge Woodbury, in an
opinion given on the fugitive slave law, says:
"We do notnow propose to review at length the
reasoning on which this act has been pronounced con-
stitutional. All of its provisions have been found
necessary to protect private rights, under the clauso
in the Constitution relating to this subject, and to
execute the duties imposed on the General Govern-
ment to aid by legislation in enforcing every con-
stitutional provision, whether in favor of itself or
others. This grows out of the position and nature
of such a government, and is as imperative on it in
cases not enumerated specially, in respect to such
legislation, as in other;."
But, sir, the Constitution did not leave this
to the necessary conclusions of reasoning, but
did itself expressly declare—
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
whiehshallbenecessaryand properfor carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
So, sir, as well by the reason and nature of
the thing as by the authority of the proper
interpreters of the Constitution, as by the ex-
press authority of the instrument itself, if any
one of these rights, privileges, or immunities,
whatever they are, are insecure in this or any
other time, has been or is likely to be invaded,
impaired, or otherwise injured, there is lack-
ing no authority whatever for the pursuit by
Congress of the proper means of remedying
the evil.
Therefore it is that we are led to inquire, in
the next place, what is the proper method of
thus securing the free and undisturbed enjoy-
ment of these rights? And this is a question
which ought to address itself to the House,
whether the allegations of fact accompanying
this bill at this time exist or not. It they do not
exist as is charged, all the bettor that in a time
of profound and undisturbed repose the legis-
lators of the Government can approach this
greatest of all the themes worthy of legisla-
tion, and address themselves all the better, if
it were possible, to the consideration of what
measures are proper to secure the full, free,
and undisturbed enjoyment of these privileges.
Let us awhile consider this question without
regard to these allegations of fact upon which,
on the one side and on the other, issue is made
here. Without belittling them, without in
any way thrusting out of sight the testimony
which has been presented here, but for the
purpose, if possible, undisturbed by any ques
tion that may be made, let us approach this
subject as in the calm and quiet of our own
chambers.
The lirst remedy proposed by this bill is a
resort to the courts of the United States. Is
that a proper place in which to find redress
for any such wrongs? If there be power to
call into the courts of the United States an
offender against these^ rights, privileges, and
immunities, and hold him to an account there,
either civilly or criminally, for their infringe-
ment, I submit to the calm and candid judg-
ment of every member of this House that there
is no tribunal so fitted, where equal and exact
justice would be more likely to be meted out
in temper, in moderation, in severity, if need
be, but always according to the law and the
fact, as that great tribunal of the Constitution.
And, therefore, sir, can we take these offend-
ers into that tribunal. If it be an offense at
all, it is because it is an infraction of the Con-
stitution of the United States or some law
thereof; and, sir, for all questions that thus
arise no part of the Constitution is more clear
of doubt than this, the second section of its
third article:
"The judicial power shall extend to all oases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
which shall be made, under their authority."
Sir, I have said that if it is an infraction of
anything, it is an infraction of the constitu-
tional right that I am discussing ; and for the
infraction of that right the Constitution is
clear ; there can be no gainsaying or caviling,
that in all cases that arise under this Consti-
tution, and the laws and treaties, the courts
of the United States are expressly constituted
and clothed with the power and functions they
exercise.
Then, sir, where is the ground for debate?
I talk of nothing but constitutional guarantees;
I do not claim myself to be able to compre-
hend their full measure and scope. As long
as the American citizen shall live under this
flag and expanding his pursuits in bis honest
endeavors, so long his constitutional guaran-
tees will expand and grow with him, and be
equal to and cover every lawful enterprise and
undertaking of his within the limits of this
Republic; and no man can define them upon
paper until they come up.
Whatever they be, he, sir, who invades,
trenches upon, or impairs one iota or tittle of
the least of them, to that extent trenches upon
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and this Constitution authorizes us to bring
him before the courts to answer therefor. That
covers, sir, all there is in the first and second
sections of this bill.
But, sir, it may be that that will not be suffi-
cient. Starting out with a conviction that I
should carry along with me every member of
this House; that he would draw from the Con-
stitution every possible weapon for the better
intrenching of every American citizen in the
free and undisturbed enjoyment of his every
right, 1 say to him, in the experience of the
last ten years—I do not ask him how it is
now—cannot he conceive of a condition of
things where the courts in some localities
shall be impotent to redress such a wrong as
this? I presume that no candid legislator on
this floor, whatever his political opinions, will
fail to give his assent to this proposition, or to
say further, "If you can show me that there is
in the arsenal of the Constitution any weapon
of defense that the American cititizen can take
with him to face any unlawful attempt to trench'
upon the rights secured to him by it, 1 will
use it."
The third section of this bill contemplates
such an exigency. To meet such a condition
of things it provides that "in all cases where
insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful com-
binations, or conspiracies in any State shall so
far obstruct or hinder the execution of the
laws thereof as to deprive any portion or class
of the people of such State of any of the rights,
privileges, or immunities named in and secured
by this act, and the constituted authorities of
such State shall either be unable to, or shall,
from any cause, fail in or refuse protection of
the people in such rights, and shall fail or neg-
