^38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st
onet,'but because of the presence of bayonets, which
pledged the honest citizens security from assault in
the name of the administration of General Grant."
I also spoke of railroad subsidies that had
been given in Louisiana by the Radical Legis-
lature, subsidies that were given outright,
subsidies of two and three millions at a time
given to railroads without any consideration
and without any security even that those rail-
roads should be completed. Now, sir, I will
show you that the Senator from Louisiana
himself contended against the grants of these
subsidies and antagonized them in connection
with Mr. Morgan, for he was a member of the
directory of the railroad which made a propo-
sition to the Legislature to the effect that
Morgan & Co., who owned a railroad of sev-
enty miles from New Orleans to Berwick's
bay, would complete their road into Texas and
give a bond of $500,000 that they would so
complete it if the Legislature of Louisiana
would simply agree that they would give no
other railroad a subsidy to build from New
Orleans into Texas south of the Red river ;
that is to say, if the State would not subsidize
a rival road to their own and destroy the value
of their property by so doing, they would go
on and without any subsidy from the State
construct this road.
That proposition was made by Mr. Morgan.
I have a pamphlet here giving the proposition
made by him in the interest of the Berwick's
Bay and Texas Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion of which the Senator from Louisiana is a
director or incorporator; and so he must have
been aware of this fact. It was not, therefore,
the purpose of the Radicals to construct arail-
road so that the trade of Texas "could not be
wrested from the city of New Orleans," be-
cause they had a proposition from parties who
were entirely good and solvent offering to give
bonds in $500,000 that they would construct
such a road without taking any subsidy from
the State, only and solely upon the condition
that the State would not build a rival road to
theirs by its subsidies. As I understand, dis-
regarding this proposition, which would have
given New Orleans a railroad into Texas and
prevented the trade of Texas from "being
wrested from New Orleans," two or three
million dollars were given without any consid-
eration as a bounty to a railroad to run into
Texas. That is my understanding, in which 1
am strengthened by this last paragraph from
the letter of a correspondent that. 1 have read:
" Of the attempt made, and, if I remombcr rightly,
no participant was moro active than tho now Sen-
ator, to prevent the perpetration of tho railroad
swindles, 1 will not speak"—
Referring to the fact that the Senator was a
member of the corporation which attempted to
prevent this railroad swindle—■
" but yet cannot refrain from inclosing such docu-
mentary proof as will enable you to seo that the
object was not so much 'to prevent the trado of
Tex a.-* (rem being wrested from New Orleans' as to
provide tor tho impeouniosity of a parcel of adven-
turers in and out of oliico."
That seems to be the fact of the case, and it
seems to make a worse case for the Legislature
and the Governor of that State in reference to
these railroad projects than 1 had previously
made. At this point I desire to say that when
we have shown by the evidence of this North
Carolina investigation, and evidence which lias
been referred to in regard to other States, this
plundering of the people of the South, it has
been met by Senators with the declaration,
" Oh, that is just a railroad mania ; a mania
that has swept over all the States of the
Union." But this mania in the South is dis-
tinguished from all railroad manias that ever
happened anywhere in the world by this par-
ticular fact: that none of the money there is
ever laid out in the railroads, but the money
and the bonds go into the carpet-bags, and the
railroads are left unbuilt. It isa fact that these
railroad projects are got up simply for the pur-
pose of getting possession of the bonds and
the securities and the credit of these States,
to rob them for the benefit of these adventur-
ers. That is the case in North Carolina; and
I refer the Senate to the testimony on that
point of Judge Russell, who says they were a
pack of scoundrels who defrauded the State,
and they set out with the intention of defraud-
ing it.
No doubt many honest men were misled by the
high hopes that were held out by these scoun-
drels. That, howevpr, is a thing for which
the Congress of the United States is respons-
ible, in passing the reconstruction measures,
in allowing Legislatures to be elected com-
posed of the class of men who necessarily
compose them at the South, ignorant men,
men without education. All the men who had
a stake in the State were kept out of the Legis-
latures, and others foisted upon them who had
no interest, and who were easily led by a little
pecuniary gratuity to vote away millions of
dollars belonging to the people of the State.
I said something the other day about the
extraordinary wealth of Governor Warmoth,
which he had acquired since he had gone down
into Louisiana. Here is an estimate of his
wealth in a New Orleans paper called the
Patriot, It foots up the sum total of $712,000.
The paper remarks:
" For the information of our readers, wo give the
following data upon whiohis predicated theestimate
of the probable wealth of the gubernatorial broker.
And that ins financial genius may be properly ap-
preciated,we will volunteer tho statemontthatwhen
inducted into tho office of Governor of this unhappy
and oppressod State ho was in dobt for the clothes
ho wore." %
Seven hundred and twelve thousand dollars
is the estimate. Nobody believes that that
money was made honestly; at least it will be
a very difficult matter to persuade any one
who knows Warmoth.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames]
did me the honor, in two elaborately-prepared
speeches, to vindicate himself from what he
called my personal aggression, which consisted
in the illustration that I made of the recon-
struction laws by his presence in this Cham-
ber. The Senator concludes his last speech
with an expression of this kind:
"This discussion is not of my seoking or liking.
Words aud phrases are to mo awkward weapons."
If that is the case he must have been spoon-
fed on these occasions by one who under-
stood the manipulation of spoons pretty well.
[Laughter.] He seems to have taken a great
interest in my personal history. He discourses
largely upon iny early career. He traces me
up, having been in the Union Army, and ad-
mits that 1 wa3 pretty sound, but he says that
after the war was over and the rebels were all
put down, for the sake of getting office I joined
the rebels and the Democrats. Well, sir, I do
not think you could get a gentleman of his
cloth to take such a course to obtain prefer-
ment and office. His way of getting office
was to take one by force and sign his own
commission, after dictating his election to the
creatures of his own authority. It is certainly
very irrational to attribute such a motive as he
does to me for defending the weaker side and
the side which had no power to confer that
which he supposes tempted me to take up their
defense. Certainly no man of sense joins a
defeated party with a view of getting high
honor in the way of office, which he attributes
to me as the motive. Nobody would ever at-
tribute to him any such design, or charge him
with ever having done anything of that sort.
He is also considerably concerned at my
course in polities being so very-injurious to
my friends and as helping my enemies. That
is a matter of which he ought not to complain,
as he probably does not number himself among
the first. But he may console himself with
the reflection that nothing he will ever do or
say will be of sufficient importance either to
lose or gain friends to the cause to which he is
attached. In the course of his remarks he
quoted the following from a speech on this
floor by Senator Warner, of Alabama:
" I remember a story which was current through
tho South, and was published generally in the
papers, about the Senator from Missouri, and which
was doubtless as groundless as most of the stories
that he hears about his comrades. The story is, that
at apolitical meeting in the neighborhood where the
Senator had his plantation, his Democratic iriends
got a oolored man to preside, as is their habit, in
hopes to get tho oolored vote for Seymour and JBlair.
After the white men had got through with their
speeches, which were largely made up of abuse of
carpet-baggers, who, it was alleged, had gone down
there to spy out and plunder tho land, the colored
president of the meeting was called on for a speech.
He said, in response, that ho indorsed all that had
been said about these carpet-baggers: that he him-
self had been in tho employ of a carpet-bagger, and
had worked for him all summer, and tho carpet-bag-
ger had gone off without paying him ; and, said he,
'I think you must all know him; X have heard bis
name called many times to-day: they call him Frank
Blair.'"
Well, sir, the wit of the story atones for its
falsehood, and I forgive the falsehood for the
sake of the fun, and 1 will say that, even after it
has been repeated many times, it is the gem
of the speech of the orator from Mississippi.
[Laughter.]
I will call attention ta another thing which
he says in reference to me. He says that I
was not only a carpet-bagger myself, but that
I recommended others to be carpet-baggers;
and he quotes from an address which I made
to the soldiers of the seventeenth corps :
"As upon your return to your homes you will find
most of your occupations and employments filled by
adepts from civil life, and as the Government has
vast tracts of vacant lands, which will be increased
by the war, the interests of the country and your
own will concur in the apportionment of these lands
to your use and occupancy, establishing a citizen
soldiery to maintain internal peace and set foreign
foes at defiance."
Also :
" If that object ean be obtained by pacifio means,
then soldiery is at an end and your sole business
hereafter will be to develop, enrich, and improve
our great country. To that end our soldiers should
be provided with homesteads, and in no part of the
country would they fare better or would they be
moro useful than in tho South, which they have
redeemed."
As well as I remember that order, which I
published on separating from the corps, those
expressions occur in it. They allude simply
to the fact, that in all the previous wars of this
country the Government of the United .States
had habitually made donations of public lands
to their soldiers, and this order referred sim-
ply to public domain. This Republican Con-
gress, which has been in power since the war,
and duriug the war, is the only instance in
which the soldiers of-the Republic have been
refused a donation of public lands for their
services during the war. That is true. The
Senator from New York smiles.
Mr. CONKLING. Would the Senator like
to know wh^ I smile?
Mr. BLAIR. Indeedl would. Iam always
gratified at whatever gives the gentleman
pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. I was smiling, then, at '
the ingenuousness and candor of such a state-
ment as that, ignoring entirely the fact that this
Republican Congress, so chronically displeas-
ing to the Senator from Missouri, has outrun
all other Congresses and all other instances of
Governments during the lifetime of thehuman
race in the munificence with which it has paid
the soldiers of the Republic.
Mr. BLAIR. Ahl Let me say a few word3
on that.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. BLAIR. After I answer the Senator
from New York. I know that the Repub-
lican party paid very well when they wanted
soldiers, and they offered bounties upon boun-
ties to get them out, but they did not pay like
