1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
lect, through the proper authorities, to apply to
the President of the United States for aid in
that behalf," the President shall, of his own
motion, use the Army and Navy, and the
militia if need be, in securing those rights by
the enforcement of the laws.
Why, sir, what is the oath of the President?
What is the first invocation which he takes
upon his lips when he assumes the functions
of his office but to see to it that the Constitu-
tion shall be maintained? What does the Con-
stitution itself enjoin upon him but to see to
it that the laws shall be faithfully executed?
To that end he is made Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy. To that end the frarn-
ers of the Constitution sought, as Mr. Hamil-
ton says, to clothe the President with power
to use all means necessary and proper to the
carrying out of the functions with which he
was invested, without limitation upon him, in-
asmuch as limitation was impossible in the
infinite variety of exigencies that might beset
his path in the unseen future.
Sir, is there any gentleman here who, when
the humblest American citizen is thus clothed
with these sublime attributes and rights, the
like of which no citizen or subject elsewhere
in the wide world can boast, is willing to sit
supinely by and see those rights invaded,
trenched upon, or trampled in the dust? There
is no man on either side of the House, thus
far, who can afford to take that position.
But some question has been raised whether
the President can enforce State laws. Sir,
-unless the State laws be enforced, how can
the President enforce the laws of the United
■States ? If the laws of the State are not already
enforced he can enforce them as a means, an
instrument for the enforcement of the United
States laws. If society is disorganized, if
chaos rules in any State, if its judiciary, its
Executive, its Legislature are abandoned, its
people unrestrained and ungoverned by local
law and by local institution, it is utterly im-
possible for the President to enforce the Uni-
ted States laws in that locality. It is a fact
illustrative of the wonderfully complex and
beautiful nature of our Government that one
part of the system rests upon the other ; that
the national Government, growing out of the
States, sends its roots into them and with its
tendiils reaches out to and binds itself round
local institutions and becomes a part of them.
It is idle to command the President of the
United States to enforce the United States
laws in any locality if you forbid him to use
the local laws as an instrument, a help, and
an aid.
But, sir, all this may be ineffectual. The
committee, looking to this contirigeney, has
provided in the bill that the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus may be suspended " when-
ever in any State or part of a State the unlaw-
ful combinations named in the preceding sec-
tion of this act shall be organized and armed,
and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at de-
fiance the constituted authoritities of such
State, or when the constituted authorities are
in complicity with or shall connive at the un-
lawful purposes of such powerful and armed
combinations ; and whenever, by reason of
either or all of the causes aforesaid, the con-
viction of such offenders and the preservation
of the public safety shall become in such district
impracticable."
Can anybody conceive of such a condition
as that? Can an American citizen live in that
community where the courts are set.at naught;
where the laws are scoffed at and blown like
chaff before the wind ; where the constituted
authorities join in the general disorganization
and disintegration of society ; where crime is
made a virtue, and where the evil passions of
men run riot, and there is nothing to restrain
them? Such a condition of things as that is
the conditiou of things described in this bill.
Mr. Speaker, while I agree with my distin-
guished and learned friend from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] as to the extreme nature of this
medicine, and while I hold myself back from
it, and approach it with as much reluctance
as he or any man does, I ask myself, what am
I to do in such a condition of things? Am
I to abandon the attempt to secure to the
American citizen these rights, given to him by
the Constitution ? Am I to turn over that dis-
trict to anarchy ? Am I to let this contagion
spread? Am I to slumber until, though at
first but a cloud no larger than a man's hand,
it covers half the horizon and threatens the
destruction of the Union; or, sir, am I to
resort to the last extreme remedy of the Con-
stitution? It was placed there to be used
when and where no other means were adequate
to the end. 1 admit that any other safer or
any other better-guarded measure which can
be exercised, with less danger of trenching
upon individual rights, should first be resorted
to, and so thecommittee recognized in the bill
itself by reciting what I have read as the con-
dition of things when this very remedy, as in-
dispensable as the armies of the Republic for
the defense of the Republic, shall be resorted
to for the protection of American citizens. In
those cases, and those only, does this commit-
tee authorize the suspension of the writ of
habeas coi'ptts. This is the principle upon
which this bill rests. As I have said, the debate
as well as the calm consideration of the meas-
ure itself by the friends of the measure may
develop the necessity for some minor amend-
ments.
I conclude, then, Mr. Speaker, by saying
that in my opinion Congress has power to 1
legislate for the protection of every American
citizen in the full, free, and undisturbed en-
joyment of every right, privilege, or immunity
secured to him by the Constitution ; and that
this may be done—
First. By giving him a civil remedy in the
United States courts for any damage sustained
in that regard.
Second. By indictment and punishment in
the United States courts of every offender who
shall combine with others to, or shall himself,
single-handed, invade, trench upon, or other-
wise impair any right, privilege, or immunity
of any citizen secured to him by the Consti-
tution, or in any unlawful way disturb him in
the full and free enjoyment thereof.
Third. That whenever insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combinations, or con-
spiracies in any State shall so far obstruct or
hinder the execution of the laws thereof as to
deprive any citizen of the United States of any
of the rights, privileges, or immunities secured
to him by the Constitution laws of the Uni
ted States, and the constituted authorities of
such State shall either be unable,to, or shall,
from any cause, fail in or refuse protection of
the people in such righto, and shall fail or
neglect, through the proper authorities, to
apply to the President of the United States for
aid in that behalf, it is not only lawful, but the
constitutional duty of the President, to use any
or all of the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, or the militia of the several States,
to the end that every American citizen shall
enjoy undistuibed every right, privilege, and
immunity secured to him by the Constitution
of the United States and the laws thereof.
Fourth. That whenever in any State or part
of a State unlawful combinations in any man-
ner to invade, trench upon, or impair any
right, privilege, or immunity secured to any
American citizen by the Constitution of the
United States, or any law thereof, shall be
organized and armed, and so numerous and
powerful as to be able, by violence, to either
overthrow or set at defiance the constituted
authorities of such State, or when the consti-
tuted authorities are in complicity with or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of such
powerful and armed combinations; and when- i
ever, by reason of either or all of the causes
aforesaid, the conviction of such offenders and
the preservation of the public safety shall be-
come in such district impracticable, in every
such case it is not only lawful, but an imper-
ative duty, under proper restrictions and limit-
ations, not only to authorize the suspension of
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, but
to invoke every other power and instrumentality
known to the Constitution, to the end that the
President may have power—
"To preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States,"
And—
Take care that the laws bo faithfully executed.'9
The SPEAKER. The hour debate on the
bill is exhausted, the time having arrived when
by order of the House the bill is to be debated
for amendments, as in Committee of the Whole
House, under the ten-minutes restriction.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I withdraw the
motion to recommit the bill, and offer an
amendment, which I send to the desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the second, third, and fourth sections
of the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the following
sections
Skc. 2. That if two or more persons within any
State or Territory of the United States shall conspire
together to ovorthrow, or to put down, or to destroy
by force theGovornment of the United States, or to
levy war against the United States, or to oppose by
force the authority of the Government of the United
States, or by force, intimidation, or threat to prevent,
hinder, or delay the execution of any law of the Uni-
ted States, or by force to seize, take, or possess any
property of the United States against the will and
contrary to the authority of the United States, or by
force, intimidation, or throat to prevent any person
fiotn accepting or holding any office of trust or placo
of confidence under the United States, or from dis-
charging tho duties thereof, or by force, intimidation,
or threat to mducoany officer ot tho United States to
leave any Stato, district, or place whore his duties as
such officer might lawfully be performed, or to injure
him in his person or property on account of his law-
ful discharge of the duties of his office, or by force,
intimidation, or threat to defer any witness in any
court of the United States from testifying in any
matter pending in such court fuliy, freely, and truth-
fully, or to injure any such witness in his person or
pioperty on account of his having so testified, or by
force, intimidation, or threat to mUuonce the ver-
dict of any juror m any court of the United States,
or to injure such person in his person or property on
account of any verdict lawfully assented to by him,
or shall conspire together lor the purpose, either
directly or indirectly, of depriving any person or
any class of persons of the equal protection of the
laws, or of equal privileges or immunities under
the laws, or for tho purpose of preventing or hin-
dering the constituted authorities of any State from
giving or securing to all persons within such State
the equal protection of the laws, or to injure any
person in hias person or his property for lawfully
enforcing the right of any person or class of per-
sons to the equal protection of the laws, each
and every person so offending shall be deemed guilty
of a high crime, and, upon conviction thereof in
any district or circuit court of the United States,
or district or supremo coui t of any Territory of tho
United States having jurisdiction of snuilaroffenses,
shall be punished by a fine not less than S5J0 nor
more than So.UUO, or by imprisonment, with or with-
out hard labor, as the court may determine, for
a period of not le^s than six months nor m  re than
six years, as the court may determine, or by both
such fine and imprisonment as the court shall de-
termine; and if any one or more persons engaged in
such conspiracy, such as is defined in the preceding
section, shall do or cause to be done any act in fur-
therance of the object of such conspiracy, whereby
any person shall be injured in his person or prop-
erty, or deprived of having and exercising any right
or privilege of a citizen of the United States, tho
person so injured or deprived of such rights and
privileges may have and maintain an action for the
recovery of damages occasioned by *ueh injury or
deprivation of rignts and privileges against any one
or more of tiie persons engaged in such conspiracy,
such action to be prosecuted m the proper district or
circuit court of the United States, with and subject
to tho same rights of appeal, review upon error, and
other remedies provided m Ukccases in such courts
under the provisions ol the act of April 9. 1666, en- -
titled "An act to protect all persons in tho United
States in their civil rignts, and to furnish tue means
for their vindication."
Sec. o. That in all cases where insurrection, do-
mestic violence, unlawful combinations, or conspir-
acies in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of tho laws thereof and of the United
States as to deprive any portion or class of people
of such State of any of the rights, privileges, or
immunities named in and secured by this act, and
the constituted authorities of such State shall either
be unable to or snail, from any cause, fail in or re-
fuse protection of tbe people in such rights, and
shall fail or neglect, through the proper authorities,
to apply to tho President of the Uniied States ior
aid in that behalf, such facts shall be deemed a
denial by such State of the equal protection ot the
laws to which *hey are entitled underthe fourteenth
