4-78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
article of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States; and in all such cases it sball be law-
ful for the President, and it shall be his duty, to
take such measures, by tbe employment of the mili-
tia or the land and naval forces of the United States,
or of either, or by other means, as he may deem neces-
sary for the suppression of such insurrection, domes-
tic violence, or combinations; and any person who
shall be arrested under the provisions of this and
the preceding section shall be delivered to the mar-
shal of the proper district to be dealt with according
to law: Provided, That the President of tho United
States be. and be is hereby, authorized, if in his judg-
ment it should be deemed expedient, to direct vol-
untary enlistments of any of the militia of the Uni-
ted States in lieu of all or any part of the forces
herein authorized, to be employed for the purposes
aforesaid, for a term of service not exceeding thirty-
days, after the final adjournment of the next session
of Congress.
Sic. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
tne constituted authorities of such State, and of the
United States, within such State, or when tho con-
stituted authorities are in complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by reason
of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety shall become in such district imprac-
ticable, in every such case such combinations shall
bedeemed arebellion against the Government of the
United States, and during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within the limits of the district whioh
shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits to be
prescribed by proclamation, it shall bo lawful for the
President of the United States, when in his judg-
ment tho public safety shall requiro it, to suspend
tho privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, to the end
that such rebellion may be overthrown : Provided,
That the President shall have first made proclama-
tion, as now provided by law, commanding such
insurgents to disperse: And provided also, That the
provisions of this section shall not be in force after
the 1st day of June, A. D. 1872.
Sec. 5. That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to supersede or repeal any former act or
law except so far as the same may be repugnant
thereto; and any offenses heretofore committed
against the tenor of any former act shall be prose-
cuted, and any proceeding already commenced for
the prosecution thereof shall be continued and com-
pleted, the samo as if this act had not been passed,
except so far as tho provisions of this act may go
to sustain and validate such proceedings.
Mr. SHELLA.BARGER. I aak that the
amendment which has just been read may be
ordered to be printed, ao that the House may
be in possession of it as soon as possible. I
shall state, as well as 1 can in ten minutes, the
effect of this amendment. It will have been
observed by the reading of it that it leaves the
first section of the bill as reported by the
committee unaffected. The second, third, and
fourth sections are stricken out, and are sup-
plied by the amendment.
That which is substituted in the place of the
second section will be found in substance in
what was printed and laid on the desks of mem -
bers this morning as the proposition submitted
yesterday by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] with some verbal amendments, and
striking out of Mr. Cook's proposed amend-
ment that part of it which relates to the mat-
ter of voting, that being supplied now more
fully in the existing law of 1870. By looking,
therefore, at the proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois the members of the
House will have before them what is to be sup-
plied in place of the second section of the bill
of the committee, the two sections proposed
by Mr. Cook being embodied in what is here
the second section, and the two are put into
one.
Now, I shall not attempt, in the ten minutes
allowed me, to analyze that section. I will
first state that the first part of the section,
down to the end of line fourteen, is now the
law of the United States, having been enacted
in 18G1. Therefore the provisions of this sec-
tion that are new are included in the portion
following the fourteenth line.
The change which the amendment proposes
to make in section two of the original bill as
reported by the committee, so far as it relates
to disputed grounds, so far as it is not confined
to infractions of right which are clearly inde-
pendent of the fourteenth amendment, refer-
able to and sustainable by the old provisions
of the Constitution, is to be found in those
portions of the section which are contained in
the part beginning at line twenty-five, I think;
I cannot state exactly the place now :
To influence the verdict of any juror in any court
of tbe United States, or to injure such person or
property on account of any verdictlawfully assented
to by him, or shall conspire together for the purpose,
directly or indirectly, of depriving any person or
any class of persons of the eq.ual protection of the
law.
There, sir, is brought into notice that which
is supposed to be the distinction between the
original second section as proposed by the bill
and the section as proposed in this amend-
ment. The object of the amendment is, as
interpreted by its friends who brought it before
the House, so far as I understand it, to con-
fine the authority of this law to the prevention
of deprivations which shall attack the equality
of rights of American citizens; that any vio-
lation of the right, the animus and effect of
which is to strike down the citizen, to the end
that he may not enjoy equality of rights as
contrasted with his and other citizens' rights,
shall be within the scope of the remedies of
this section.
Now, there is much other detail here that I
need not allude to. But so far as I now com-
prehend the effect of it I have stated it. There
is force in the point of distinction that is made ;
and without undertaking to enter into it, I will
now state some other changes proposed by the
amendment.
In the third section of the bill as reported
by the committee, at the end of the third line,
are added the words "and of the United
States;" so that the obstructions or combina-
tionswhich effeetthe obstruction of the "laws
thereof" (meaning the State laws) shall be so
extended as to include obstructions of the laws
of the United States. That is rather a verbal
amendment. Then at the end of the section
is added what will be stated more fully by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlbk,]
my colleague on the committee.
In the fourth section ot the bill as originally
reported by the committee is this, which is
deemed an important change. As reported by
the committee the section provides that the vio-
lence must be such as to set at defiance the consti-
tuted authorities of the State. To that is added
by this amendment a provision that the vio-
lence must also be a defiance of the authori-
ties of the United States that shall be present
in the district, thus widening the state of vio-
lence and of danger required before the inter-
position provided for in the fourth section can
be resorted to. It must be 'so very imposing
as to defy both the authority of the State and
the authority of the United States; that is, of
the marshals of the United States present in
the district.
The amendment further strikes out that part
of the section reported by the committee which
authorized the declaration of martial law, and
leaves no other express power granted except
that express power which is found in the right
of the President to suspend the privileges of
the right of habeas corpus.
These, then, are the changes made by the
proposed amendment.
I will repeat. The first section stands as re-
ported by the committee. The second section is
as reported in the proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.] The
third section is so changed as to require that
the authority of the United States must also be
invaded and defied. The fourth section is so
changed that the privileges of the right of
habeas corpus cannot be suspended unless the
authorities of the United States, as well as of
the State, are unable to cope with the violence;
and it excludes also the provision in regard to
the declaration of martial law.
I wish to make this general statement in ex-
planation of the action of the members of the
committee who are friendly to this bill. The
amendments not one proposed from the com-
mittee, but is one prepared simply upon con-
saltation of those who desire to make the bill
conform to the wishes of such members as
believe that some such measure should be
Your committee, when charged with this
exceedingly grave and difficult duty, had not
only to enter upon a field of investigation new,
untried and exceedingly important, but they
were also compelled to do it in the absence of
that discussion in the House that would enable
them to be possessed of the views and wishes
of this House. We were also under the further
embarrassment of being required to do it either
with a great deal of haste or else to keep the
House in waiting. We therefore preferred to
take and bring together, so far as we could,
the measures presented in the two Houses, and
embodying the views of members desirous of
effecting legislation of this kind. Taking these
as our guide, and also consulting our general
sense of duty in this regard, we reported this
measure for the purpose of obtaining the sense
of the House upon the subject. The debate
has in its results been exceedingly satisfactory.
Its character has been in general manly, fair,
and just. We have availed ourselves of the
benefits of this discussion ; and we desire to
express our gratitude for the light the debate
has furnished.
Mr. LEACH. Mr. Speaker, the Constitu-
tion of the United States, when observed in all
its provisions and administered in its integ-
rity, is worth more to this great nation, infin-
itely more, than all the political parties and
politicians in the world. Parties and party
successes alternate and change, politicians and
ephemeral local policies pass away; but the
Constitution, framed as it was for all time,
in the exercise of the loftiest statesmanship
the world has ever witnessed, was based upon
principles so just and grand, so sacred and
ever-living in their character and object, as to
render them indissoluble and perpetual, as
they were intended to be by their illustrious
founders. Ay, sir, the Constitution, respected
and restored, must survive, and I believe will
survive (though now undergoing an ordeal
painful to contemplate) all parties, all the
politicians, all covert and open attacks, all
dynasties, and live forever.
Sir, the sacred precincts of the Constitution
ought never to be invaded; its glorious bul-
warks ought never to be ruthlessly pulled
down or destroyed by impious hands, because
it is the ark of the covenant of the nation's
liberties and the great refuge of freedom.
And yet, Mr. Speaker, it has been so loosely
construed of late years, and its living, sacred
principles been so often disregarded, that at
last it has come to be considered, by many of
those who should be its firm and unflinching
supporters and defenders, as an antiquated
and obsolete instrument.
In proof of this, the bill now under con-
sideration, conceived in no spirit of patriot-
ism, but savoring so strongly of injustice to
my already most grieviously oppressed sec-
tion of country, is, in my opinion, a pal-
pable and flagrant violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States in some of its most
delicate and important features, and is there-
fore a bill of momentous consequence to the
whole country—vastly more so, as I conceive,
than any bill before this or the late Congress.
This bill is introduced and sought to be fast-
ened on the country in all its hideous features,
in the present political conjuncture in public
affairs and parties, when the waning fortunes
of the dominant party, especially in the South
and West, seem to demand some remedy, albeit
a desperate one, with the hope of maintaining
their ascendency at all hazards and by any
means, even at the expense of the liberties of
the country. And yet I do know (for long
public service has made me acquainted with
the sentiments of the people of North Caro-
lina) that if the Republican party were influ-
enced solely by the "best policy for success and
the recovery of their ascendency in the State,
that this bill and other measures directed
