1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
- Senaie.
offenses without recourse to law, but to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus itself, which is the
great safeguard of personal liberty.
I do not know—indeed I quite despair—that
arguments such as C can use will have any
effect in this Chamber. The charge of usurp-
ation of power by the Executive rang out
through this Chamber in no uncertain tones
the other day, in the assumption of power to
declare or make war against the republic of
Ilayti. I confess I am somewhat interested to
know whether the same voices which denounced
that attempt will be as ready to denounce the
attempt in the present case; whether a hand-
ful of wretched semi-savages upon a distant
island shall be considered more worthy of the
care and guardianship of Senators on this floor
than men of their own race, their own fellow-
citizens in the southern States, and it may well
be in the northern States also; for although
we know this bill is leveled against the South,
although we know the object is to give the
President of the United States the power to
throttle the State governments of the South,
yet the same law that attempts to give him the
power so to deal with them is equally appli-
cable by its terms to all the States ot this Union.
Mr. President, not only was the basis of our
Government the subdivision «gf powers, but
our Government was founded upon the further
doctrine that there was to be a limitation upon
all power, no matter where it should be de-
posited. There is not an absolute power ^iven
by the Constitution of the United States. There
is no such thing known to our form of govern-
ment. It consists solely of certain enumer-
ated powers, and each one has its limitations.
The men who founded this Government had
extensive knowledge of history and human
nature. Franklin declared that " power like
water is ever working its own way, and where
ever it can find or make an opening it is alto-
gether prone to overbear whatever is subject
to it.-' It was the knowledge of such truths
that led to this constant restraint upon the
officials in whose hands power was to be placed.
That theory pervades our constitution of gov-
ernment, and, I say, no absolute power can
be discovered in it.
The first section of this bill provides—
That anv person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage ot
any t<tate, shall subject, or cause to be subjected, any
person within tho jurisdiction of tho United States
to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or im-
munities secured by the Constitution otthe United
States, shall, any such law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, custom, or usage of the State to the contrary
notwithstanding, be liable to the party injured in
any action at law. suit in equity, or other proper
proceeding for redress.
And then, that such proceeding between
these parties, whether they are citizens of the
same State or not, shall be " prosecuted in
the several districts or circuit courts of the
United States;" and in the second and third
sections of the bill the rights of action given
and the prosecutions which are authorized for
infractions of these individual rights and for
the offenses therein set forth are all to he
tried in the courts of the United States. Sir,
I believe there is restriction not only upon
Congress in so legislating in regard to the in-
ternal and domestic affairs of theStates, but
likewise upon the courts of the United States;
and I am here to deny that the Congress of
the United States can give to the courts of the
United States any other jurisdiction than that
pointed out in the Constitution, the third arti
cle of which provides :
"Section 1. The judicial power of the United States
shall bo vested in ono Supreme Court, and m such
inferior iourts as the Congress may troin time to time
ordain a id establish. The judges, both of the su-
preme and inferior courts, shall hold their onices
during good behavior, and shall, at stated times, re-
ceive for their services a compensation, which shall
not be diminished during their continuance in
ofliee."
"Seo. 2. The judicial power shall extend to all
cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitu-
tion, the laws of the United States, and treaties made,
or which shall be made, under their authority; to
all cases affecting embassadors, other public min-
isters, and consuls; to all cases of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to which the
United Statesshall be a party; to controversies be-
tween two or more States; between a State and cit-
izens of another State; between citizens of different
States; between citizens of the same State claiming
lands under grants of different States, and between
a State, or the citixons thereof, and foreign States,
citizens, or subjects.
"In all cases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls, and those in which a State
shall be a party, the Supreme Court shall have ori-
ginal jurisdiction. In all theothercases beforomen-
tioned, the Supreme Court shall havo appellate
jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such excep-
tions and under such regulations as the Congress shall
make."
There you have plainly enumerated the
classes of cases, and the only cases, which
can be tried in the Federal courts. There-
fore, if the cases which are referred to in the
first, second, and third sections of this bill are
not within the enumerated classes, the courts
of the United States will have no jurisdiction,
and the Congress has no authority to confer
it. This was the opinion of the framers and
advocates of the Constitution. Alexander
Hamilton, in No. 83 of the Federalist, says:
"The plan of the Convention declares that the
powerof Congress, or, iu other words, of the national
Legislature, shall extend to cortain enumerated
cases. This specification of particulars evidently ex-
cludes all pretension to a. general legislative author-
ity, beoausc an affirmative grant of special powers
would be absurd as well as useless if a general an thor-
ity was intended. .
"In like manner the authority of the l'cdcral
judicatures is declared by the Constitution to com-
prehend cortain eases particularly specified. The
expression of those cases marks tho precise lim-
its beyond which tho Federal courts cannot extend
their jurisdiction, because, tho objects of thoir cogni-
zance being enumerated, the specification would be
nugatory if it did not exclude all ideas ot more
extonsivo authority." * * * * x
" From what has been said it must appear ur.aues-
tionably true that trial by jury is in no case abol-
ished by the proposed Constitution ; and it is eg ually
true that in those controversies between individuals,
in which the great body of the people are likely to
be interested, that institution will remain precisely
in the situation in which it is placed by the State
constitutions. The foundation of this assertion is
that the national judiciary will have no cognizance
of them, and of course they will roiuain determin-
able as heretofore by the State courts only, find m
the manner which tho State constitutions and laws
prescribe."
It would be impossible to slate a proposition
more clearly and distinctly ; and for my own
part I do not see how it can be denied that
unless the powers conferred are under the
heads of jurisdiction enumerated for the action
of the courts of the United States, the Con-
gress of the United States have no power to
put them there. As I have said, the Congress
of the United States cannot enlarge the juris-
diction of the United States courts beyond
those classes enumerated in the Constitution.
Now, sir, what powers have Congress them-
selves to attempt this ? Certainly none but the
enumerated powers. The ninth article of the
amendments declares that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to tho States respectively, or to
the people."
The eighth section of the first article enum-
erates the powers given to Congress of a
general legislative character, " to lay ana col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises," &c.
Then follows in that section the enlire list,
the heads of powers of a legislative character
which they are to exercise. The section closes
with a delegation of power—
"To make all laws which shall bo necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or m
any department or officer thereof."
Th-is question of delegation of power can
easily be tested by seeing under whiek of these
heads it will array itself. Now, I ask Sena-
tors whether in the history of this Government
there has ever been an attempt by Congress to
legislate in regard to the internal affairs of a
State? Have they ever undertaken to settle
the rights between man and man as citizens
of the same State? The question of the citi-
zenship of litigants is the one most frequently
contested in the Federal courts and their juris-
diction disavowed because the diverse citizen-
ship of the parties is not established. The
grant of legislative power to Congress is sub-
ject to very important limitations. It differs
from the grant of judicial power, which, in its
very nature, must be coextensive with legisla-
tive power. The first section of the first arti-
cle provides that— •
"All legislative powers herein granted shall ba
vested in a Congress of the United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives."
•'All legislative powers herein granted;"
and then follows the enumeration of the powers
granted. Those are granted and none others.
Now, what were they granted for? What was
the whole scope and intent and the frame of
our Government? That the Congress of the
United States should represent the States in
general, but all matters affecting the internal
domestic quiet of a State, all the necessary
police control of a State, the rights of citizens
of the State, the ordinary duties and avocations
of life between men in the same community,
were left, and left necessarily, to the States
themselves. It has only besn within the last
two weeks the claim has been ventured before
the American people that the Congress of the
United States have now a power which com-
pletely destroys the framework of our Gov-
ernment and annihilates the very theory upon
which it was fouuded; that is to say, that it
was a confederation of equal and independent
States, who, for their general government, had
delegated certain powers necessary for peace
among themselves and for their protection
against foreign assaults. In No. 89 of the
Federalist this idea is given in very distinct
language by James Madison ;
"The idea of a national Government involves in
it, not only an authority over tho individual citi-
zens, but an indefinite supremacy over all persons
and things, so iar as thoy are objects of lawful gov-
ernment. Among a peoplo consolidated into one
nation, this supremacy is completely vested m the
national Legislature. Among communities united
for particular purposes, it is vested partly in the
general and partly m tho municipal Legislatures.
In tho former case, all local authorities are subor-
dinate to tho supreme, and may bo controlled, di-
rected, or abolishedby it at pleasure. In the latter,
the local or municipal authorities form distinct and
independent portions of tho supremacy, no more
subject within their respective spheres to_ tho gen-
eral authority than the general authority is subject
to them within its own sphere. In this relation,
then, the proposed Governmentcannot be deemed a
national one, since its jurisdiction extends to cer-
tain enumerated objects only, and leaves to the sev-
eral States a residuary and inviolable sovereignty
over all other subjects."
In No. 40 the same writer says:
"Wo have seen that in the new Government, as in
the old, the general powers are limited, and tnatthe
States m all unenumerated cases aro left to the enjoy-
menfc of their sovereign and independent jurisdic-
tion."
And in the forty-fifth number:
"Tho powers delegated by tho proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government arefewanddehned.
Those which aro to remain in the State governments
are numerous and indefinite. T*ie former will be
exercised principally on external objects, as war,
peace, negotiation, and loreign commerce, with
which last tho power ot taxation will for-tho most
part bo connected. The powers reserved to the sev-
eral States will extend to all the objects which, in
the ordinary course of affairs,concern the lives, lib-
erties, and properties of the peopje, and the internal
order, improvement, and prosperity ot tno totato,
I refer to these authorities because it is
nccessary for our people to know what was
the original theory of our Government, and
which seems now to be forgotten or disre-
garded by those into whose hands it has
(alien. If the claim of power in Congress
asserted by this bill can he sustained by the
courts it amounts to an annihilation of all the
reserved powers ot the States, and is a com-
plete destruction of oar form of government.
