480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
but a good many are changi ng. Sir, everybody
of sense knows that these acts of lawlessness
were the unfortunate outgrowth of a great social
revolution in the South, together with the nat-
ural demoralization consequent upon the war;
and as we recede from that fearful period the
impossibility of reviving such acts and con-
duct will become more and more absolute. I
protest, therefore, against this attempt to go
back to the dead past and seek to get up an
artificial and fictitious horror and pretended
dread of events wh'ch have now no reality in
North Carolina, and are as little likely to occur
there as another deluge.
If I must speak of "outrages," may I not
call this bill an outrage—an outrage upon the
Constitution, an outrage upon liberty and free
government, an outrage upon the good name
of a noble State and a law-loving people, and
an outrage upon the whole history of the State
whose heroic deeds and glorious prestige of
the past cannot be taken from her, thank God,
neither by bad men nor wicked partisans,
whether within her borders or without? Sir,
in further proof of the quiet that has reigned
in the State for many months, I refer you to
the message of Governor Holden to the Legis-
lature last November, a testimony all the more
conclusive because it comes from a man who
certainly has not been slow to take up and pub-
lish widely every possible reproach against the
people of the State whose Governor he was
and of whose fair fame he ought to have been
the guardian. 1 am sorry to have to say this
much, for I do not propose to attack unjustly a
fallen man. I refer also to the testimony of
General Hunt, of the United States Army, as
I might to many other proofs.
In still further evidence of the patience and
law loving character of her people, I point
with pride to the self-control and moderation,
ay, sir, to the high moral courage they showed
under the provocations and aggravating insults
offered by the Governor and his hireling sol-
diery last summer, so that a mostexciting can-
vass was conducted and an election held under
circumstances as trying to their temper as ever
beset any people without one solitary breach
of the peace throughout the whole State, ex
cept on the part ot those whose pretended
purpose was to preserve the peace. Can it
be possible, and is it just, that a people who
have thus shown their peaceable character by
the best of conduct in the worst ordeal should
now be written down as lawless seditiomsts
and subjected to Draconian enactments to
drive them to despair 1 Righteous Heaven I
that such a State, so peaceful and law-abid-
ing, should suffer such persecutions, and have
to behold among the maddened crowd of her
persecutors, not merely fanatical ■meu of the
.North still hating her, for want, perhaps, of
tiutht'ul information, but some of her own rec-
reant sons, wearing, too, the badges of her
honors ! And all this, too, in a land of liberty
and representative government !
Mr. Speaker, 1 appeal to this House of the
nation's accredited Representatives to put
down this attempt to wrong and oppress a
patriotic people and thus fan into a new glow
the dying enters of strife ; I appeal to gentle-
men here representing the great, prosperous,
happy Stales of the North. I come from one
of the " wayward," but now weeping and sor-
rowful "sisters," There she sits, among her
cypress graves, clad in the habiliments of
mourning, pinched with poverty, deserted and
traduced by some of her own ungrateful sous,
bending low, like a stricken mother, over the
graves of her dead children 1 If there be a man
here who for party advantages is willing to
strike her yet again, and wring her bleeding
heart yet more with anguish, oh! let me turn
away from his deaf ear and stony bosom to
those who do have feelings of justice and gen-
erosity ; to those—and they are many, I trust—
■who are patriotic and honest, but who suffer
themselves to be imposed upon by interested
and characterless slanderers.
It is in the power of such to prevent this
great wrong and to perform a work of uni-
versal good and benefit to the entire Union.
Sir, one touch of real kindness to the South
would make us all brothers again. And I
firmly believe that, were that generous heart
yet beating whose kindly pulsations were for-
ever stilled by the assassin six years ago, the
spirit of peace and reconciliation would long
since have overpowered the spirit of mutual
distrust which keeps the States asunder in
feeling, and that the angel of peace, and not
discord, would triumph here to-day. I beg
you, gentlemen of the North, to abandon
these stern unconstitutional measures of repres-
sion and injustice, which can only .serve to
rekindle sectional hatred and hostility.
What is needed, and all that is needed, to
restore perfect harmony and universal affection
for the Federal Government in the South, is a
final cessation from this whole policy of jealous
and penal legislation, which looks so much like
it was meant to benefit party and not country,
and the adoption of a truly fraternal and kindly
policy which will prove to that section that you
have ceased to regard it as a province, to be held
in subjection by the iron hand of tyranny, and
that you once more love it as a«ioble and beau-
tiful part of our grand heritage. You have tried
severity, and you say it has failed. Now try
kindness and generosity ; try amnesty ; for rest
assured that if you have the patriotism and
moral grandeur to speak that magic word to
the oppressed Statesof the South—and it would
be worth more than ten thousand votes to your
party in North Carolina alone—the waves of
passion and discord will subside and there will
come a great calm like that which spread over
the sea when One greater than man said,
"Peace, be still 1
I deem it proper to say here and in this con-
nection that the Legislature of my State has
quite recently passed an act, with severe pen-
alties of fine and imprisonment, against all
secret or disguised bands or organizations what-
soever, and passed it by a nearly unanimous
vote, and this is intended to prevent and will
prevent still more effectually the recurrence
of all such lawless deeds.
But it is said that no one is punished for these
outrages; that an alibi is always proved. The
hypocrites ! They kuow that in most cases men
of high character, as free from guilt as the
angels of light, are taken up for party purposes,
and they kuow that scores of high crimes have
been committed by the leaguers and never pun-
ished ; hence the alibi. It is also said, on hear-
say rumor, that there are sixty thousand Ku
Klux in North Carolina. What a wretched
canard! I have the same means of forming
an opinion that any other person in the State
has, and after diligent inquiry I do not believe
there ever was one tenth of that number, but
that there are sixty-five to seventy counties of
the ninety-one in the State that never yet had
one Ku Klux in them ; it is not charged that but
three of the eleven counties of my district ever
had ; and further, that for about ten months
there has not been one in North Carolina, but
that the organization has been entirely dis-
solved, as fully proven in Governor Holden's
trial.
So much for the nine men in buckram.
And yet these monstrous falsehoods of hear-
say and idle rumor are printed in member's
speeches and heralded all over the country to
influence the people's mind and increase the
party strength. Sir, I supposethere are those
who may hope and think that this bill, if
passed, will redound to the advantage of the
Republican party. Wliy, sir, their own party
in the North are tired of it, I think, and are
detecting through the thin guise thrown around
it its real object; and as to its effect in the
South, whata vain hope ! I tell you, sir, and I
tell this Hoase, that the inevitable result of all
this penal and oppressive legislation, founded,
as it is, upon exaggeration, irresponsible testi-
mony, and base falsehood, even with the mili-
tary added and sent South and the writ of
habeas corpus suspended, will finally and per-
haps soon result in implanting in the hearts
of southern people the true idea of the whole
matter, that the party in power hopes to retain
it by oppression and injustice, that it is not
able to rehabilitate the States and restore har-
mony to the Union. It is true this party used
the sword effectually ; but the people are now
demanding that the sword be beaten into a
plowshare, and the Republican party seems
incapable of performing that blessed work.
If this continues, no doubt the country will
bring the job to the blacksmith shop of the
Conservative Democratic party next year, and
what your President only said our President
will do, " let us have peace !"
Why, sir, look at the brutal oppression in
my State, ay, sir, in my district, and see and
ponder the result. Insurrection was pro-
claimed, though there was not one insurgent
in the State; martial law was declared, though
nobody was resisting the civil law; troops in
large numbers of the vilest character were re-
cruited, in Tennessee mainly, and commanded
by officers of desperate character, though there
was nothing to make war upon; a hundred
good citizens, many of them the purest and
best men of the State—the ICerrs, the Roans,
the Neals, the Hills, the JBowes, the Yan-
ceys, the Holts, the Moores, the Scotts, and
others—were seized on by arrest, with no
charges against them, and imprisoned, and
some of them hung up till nearly dead; all
done without lawful warrant, and simply by
giving lists of the proscribed to the military
chief; all this perpetrated in a most reckless
and brutal manner. These good men were thus
arrested, detained for weeks in custody in defi-
ance of the writ of habeas corpus; with the
Governor a dictator, with the State apparently
at his feet, and not a charge preferred or even
alleged against them when at last heard on
writs of habeas corpus; not a suspicion even.
Sir, you can never hope, under this or any
other bill, to set on foot more completely all
the enginery that can be used for subjugating
a free people. And then you have no troops,
and none can be found, that will delight in our
humiliation, like Kirk's vile crew; for United
States troops are brave and disciplined, and
have always felt kindly toward us, and always
left the State with good will for her people,
which in every instance has been mutual.
What was the result of that movement? How
instructive the lesson it taught American
would-be tyrants! Sir, in the very midst of
those bristling bayonets those harsh measures
of intimidation were taken and regarded as a
gross usurpation of power and a burning insult
to the whole State; and the gallant people of
that proud Commonwealth, whose grand his-
tory shows that she always knew what liberty
meant and could not brook its denial, marched
with firm and united tread to the ballot-box,
and peacefully, quietly voted themselves free
again, and chose a representation that has
deposed from his office of Governor the man
who undertook, without just cause, to play the
role of despot over them ; and their action, by
the way, is relieved from the charge or sus-
picion of partisan feeling, since four of the
leading Senators of the Republican party voted
also for his conviction.
I allude to this matter in no feeling of bit-
terness or reproach, now that he has fallen,
but to illustrate which I have argued that the
people of these proud North American States
are not yet ready to submit to the yoke of the
tyrant.
Sir, there is one other matter connected
with those eventful times in my State that I
wiil point to before I conclude : the judiciary
of the State, from whatever motive, stood
weakly by and saw the safeguards of personal
liberty trampled down without making any
effective effort to prevent it. At this usurpa-
tion of despotic power by one man the people
were astounded and their sensibilities shocked
