. 1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
42d Coxa....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
ities and privileges" of citizens of the United
[States are the same to-day that tliey were be-
fore the passage of the fourteenth amendment.
The class of persons called •' citizens " is en-
larged ; but the rights of that class, although
the class itself is enlarged, are just the same
as piior to 1866.
Contemporaneous history will show that at
the time this amendment was proposed the
intent was given which is now sought to be
obtained for this language; an amendment was
proposed which should affirmatively confer a
right of interference with the States and insist
upon individual rights within the States, but
it was rejected by Congress; it did not become
the law of the land; and it is neither just nor
honest to attempt now to torture words that
were well weighed, that were well argued and
considered, and give them a meaning which
was refused at the time the question was under
discussion.
Citizenship of the United States had been
known and recognized and protected before
the fourteenth amendment was dreamed of.
Citizens of the United States were entitled to
the immunities and privileges that they are
entitled to to-day as fully and to as large an
extent prior to 1866 and prior to the ratifica-
tion of the fourteenth amendment as they are
now. Take one test of this. They are " cit-
izens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside." What follows from
that? Does that language of its own force
give any mau the right of domicile in that
State? Does that give any man the right to
vote in that State? Does that prohibit the
State from making any qualification as to length
of residence before that man shall become
entitled to vote within her limits and exercise
certain privileges? Certainly not; because if
that were the case Congress must interfere at
once and make an arbitrary rule as to what
shall give a man a residence. In most States
I believe it is a year. In the State in which
I reside we require that a man shall become
a resident with intention to remain for one
year before he becomes a citizen of that State;
but yet at the same time a man may make his
residence there for a period of thirty days,
intending to remain, and he will gain a dom-
icile ; the laws of that State will distribute his
property; he will become entitled to election
to Congress or to the Senate of the United
States provided he has a citizenship of the
United States prior to that for seven or nine
years, as the case may be.
if it is admitted, as I think it must be, that
the State has the power to fix a term during
which a man shall reside, then it seems to me
that the argument contended for by Senators
is at an end, because then they will find that
the State will control the meaning and the
letter of this Constitution, and it cannot then
take of its own force the effect which they
demand for it.
I repeat, Mr. President, that the fourteenth
amend men tgave to citizens of the U nited States
no privileges or immunities, no rights that they
had not before its adoption. The only effect
of that amendment was to enlarge the class of
those who should be considered citizens and to
prevent those discriminations by States against
native-born or naturalized citizens which, be-
fore the adoption of that amendment, States
had made and had been sustained in making
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Therefore, sir, 1 do protest against any such
interpretation of this fourteenth amendment as
shall in effect change the relations of the Fed-
eral Government to the States, and deprive the
States by the action of this Government of the
control of their domestic affairs, which no one
■ ever doubted they had, which was not given
into the hands of the Federal Government, be-
cause it cannot be found among the enumer-
ated powers delegated to it. This bill does
so. This bill in effect will give to the courts
of the United States a jurisdiction which, as I
said, is not within the third article of the Con-
stitution, and, more than that, will give to the
Congress of the United States the power to pun-
ish offenses and occurrences between citizens of
the same State, which will completely destroy
all police powers of the States themselves. An
assault and battery, a riot, an invasion of any
right, any privilege, any immunity, is now
sought to be punished by act of Congress.
What, then, is left to the State? If it be
admitted that Congress is acting within the
authorized sphere of power, the State is silent;
the two cannot occupy the same ground. Then,
sir, what have we upon us? We have a con-
solidation of power. Not only the general
power to regulate commerce, both foreign com-
merce and commerce between the States; not
only the power to lay taxes, to collect revenue,,
and to exercise the various authority given by
the eighth section of the first article; but we
have the entire mass of reserved rights of
the States utterly destroyed and absorbed by
this action of Congress.
Mr. President, the remarks I am now mak-
ing are made without that preparation which
the gravity of this subject demands, and I am
not able to give to this bill that close and care-
ful criticism which its provisions and the im-
portant results sought to be reached by it
demand. My chief objections to it I have
stated to be'its destruction of State power in
those-things necessary for State existence. I
will prophesy nothing in respect to the fate of
so strong and so great a country as this, no
matter what the form of government which
may control it; but I say that so long as men
live under a written constitution as plain and
as clear as ours, it is absolute treason for them
to change or alter it in ways not indicated by
itself and under its sanction.
This is the effect of this bill undeniably, to
grant to Congress a power which is inconsist-
ent with the regulation of their own domestic
affairs by the States. If such an idea had been
hinted at, if such a proposition had originally
been made, the Constitution of the United
States never would have been the supreme
law of this land. I only trust, sir, that the
people of this country may pause in their race
after wealth and think a little of those prin-
ciples of liberty by which alone they can be
protected in the enjoyment of their wealth.
Let me here speak of the utter indefiniteness
of these offenses. Latet dolus in generalihus
is an old and true maxim, and a law-maker
should certainly indicate to the people who
are to be subject to the law the precise char-
acter of the offense to be guarded against and
which is forbidden.
By article six of the amendments to the
Constitution any citizen accilsed has a right to
be distinctly infornfed of the nature and cause
of his accusation.
The second section of this bill punishes by
a very heavy fine, "not less than $500 nor
more than $5,000. or by iroprisonmentwith or
withouthard labor, as thecourt may determine,
for a period of not less than six months nor
more than six years, as the court may determ-
ine, or by both such fine and imprisonment, a
conspiracy between two or more persons within
any State or Territory to overthrow, or to put
down, or to destroy by force the Government
of the United States, or to levy war against
the United States, or to oppose by force the
authority of the Government of the United
States, or by force, intimidation, or threat, to
prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any
law of the United States, or by force Unseize,
take, or possess any property of the United
States contrary to the authority thereof, or by
force, intimidation, or threat to prevent any
person from'accepting or holding any office or
trust or place of confidence under the United
States, or from discharging the duties thereof,
or by force, intimidation, or threat to induce
any officer of the United States to leave any
State, district, or place where his duties as sucli
officer might lawfully be performed, or to injure
him in his person or property on account of
or while engaged in the lawful discharge of
the duties of his office, or by force, intimida-
tion, or threat, to deter any party or witness
in any court of the United States from attend-
ing such court, or from testifying in any matter
pending in such court fully, freely, and truth-
fully, or to injure any such party or witness in
his person or property on account of his hav-
ing so attended or testified, or by force, intim-
idation, or threat, to influence the verdict, pre-
sentment, or indictment of any juror or grand
juror in any court of the United States, or to
injure such juror in his person or property on
account of any verdict, presentment, or indict-
ment lawfully assented to by him or on account
of his being or having been such a juror."
It further punishes the conspiracy of going
together—
In disguise upon the public highway or upon the
premises of another for the purpose, either directly
or indirectly, of depriving any person or any class
of persons of the equal protection of the laws, 01* of
equal privileges or immunities under the laws, or
for tho purpose of preventing or hindering the con-
stituted authorities of any State from giving or se- *
curing-to all persons within such State the equal
protection of the laws—
I presume that reference is to the laws of
the State as well as of the United States—
or shall conspire together for the purpose of in any
manner impeding,hindering, obstructing, or defeat-
ing the due course of justice in any State or Terri-
tory, with intentto deny to any citizen of the United
States the due and equal protection of the laws.
Here, then, we have this artificial offense of
"conspiracy," the definition of which it is
worth while perhaps to consider. It was given
by Mr. Sergeant Taifourd in this language :
"The offense of conspiracy is more difficult to be
ascertained precisely than any other for which an
indictment lies, and is indeed rather to be consid-
ered as governed by positive decisions than by any
consistentand intelligible principles of law. Itcon-
sists, according to all the authorities, not in the ac-
complishment of any unlawful or injurious purpose,
nor in any one act moving toward that purpose, but
in the actual concert and agreement of two or inoie
persons to effect something which, being so concerted
and agreed, the law regards as the object of an indict-
able conspiracy."
It is truly said that it is the most indefinite
of offenses, the most artificial; and when you
come to consider that it is applied to such
offenses as a conspiracy " to defeat the due
course of justice" in a State, or to " hinder the
constituted authorities from giving or securing
toallpersons theequal protection of the laws,"
I confess that I have been utterly puzzled to
know how an indictment should be framed with
the precision required in criminal pleading, in
order to meet suck a ease as that. What is
meant, or rather what is not meant, by "the
due course of justice," or " obstructing," or
" defeating" it? What is meant by " hinder-
ing the constituted authorities from giving or
securing to all persons the equal protection of
the laws?" This is the act of individuals, that
they will agree to do this thing. Not only
is that open to the objection I urged before,
that "the due course of justice" is a matter
entirely of State cognizance, and this is ati
absorption of that power by the Federal Gov-
ernment, but the whole intent of this act and
the result of this act would be to give for any
imaginable interference, or even a, conspiracv
or an agreement to interfere, for anything
which the fancy of an individual, the inflamed
imagination of any man should construe to
mean an interference with the due course of
law, to give him a right to bringinto the courts
of the United States and subject to criminal
prosecution, and aiso by this same section to
a private action for damages, any two or more
persons whom he might see fit to charge with
this utterly indefinable offense. I am very sure
