244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard;
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
that such a law is impracticable, quite as sure
as I am that it is utterly unconstitutional.
But, Mr. President, I wish now to comment
upon a very dangerous proposition contained
in the third section, which- delegates to the
President of the United States powers which
I deem entirely inconsistent with the liberties
of our people, and powers which the Congress
of the United States, supposing them to be
possessed by Congress, certainly cannot dele-
gate to the discretion of a coordinate branch
of the Government. It provides—
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, orconspiraeies in any.
State shall deprive any portion or class of the peo-
ple of suel> State of any of the rights, privileges, or
immunities, or protection, named in the Constitu-
tion, and secured by this act, or obstruct the equal
and impartial course of justicc, and Uio constituted
authorities of such Stato shall citlier be unable to
protect, or shall, from any cause, fail in or rofuso
protection of tho people in such rights, such facts
shall bo deemed a denial by such State of tho equal
protection of tho laws to which they are entitled
under the Constitution of tiso United States; and in
all such eases it shall bo lawful for tho President,
nnd it shall bo his duty, to tako such measuros, by
tho employment of the militia or tholanu and naval
forces of tho United States, or of either, or by other
means, as ho may doom necessary for tho suppres-
sion of such insurrection, domestic violence, or com-
binations; and any person who shall bo arrested
under tho provisions of this and tho preceding seo-
(ion shall bo delivered to tho marshal of tho propor
district, to bo dealt with according to law.
In the first place, I ask, what becomes of the
fifth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution? If the President of tlieUnited States,
upon his being satisfied of the existence of
such facts as are recited in this suction, may
at once, by means of the armed forces of the
United States, arrest and deliver to the mar-
shal of tho district any person whom he sees
fit, what becomes of this safeguard, that—
"No person shall behold to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury, oxcopt in eases
arising in the land or naval force;., or 111 the militia
when in actual service1 "nor
shall ho bo deprived of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law V
Is it "duo process of law1' that tho Presi-
dent of the United States may, upon his de-
claring that, he is satisfied that such fact exists,
instantly, without writ and by means of the
Army and Navy, arrest, and drag away any
citizen or any number of citizens? Where is
due process of law, where is a man held to
answer? Why, sir, this is a complete destruc-
tion of it.
Mr. 15DMUNDS. Will my friend pardon
me for an interruption ?
Mr. HA YAH!). Certainly.
Mr. EDM UNDS. The bill says that when the
President has caught the assassin, if my friend
is willing that ho may be caught—I have not
heard anybody yet on that side say that lie was
willing, but 1 assume that my friend is—ho shall
tmn iiim over to the marshal, '"to be dealt
with according to law." That is just aa in my
friend's town some policeman arrests a law-
breaker whom he finds breaking tho law and
carries him to a magistrate who locks him up
until an indictment is found.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 find that the President of
the United Stales, uuderthis section of the bill,
can arrest, a man without, due process of law ;
ami I say he no more can do that than can any
private citizen. It, is arresting him instantly
by military force in this country without hav-
ing any of the warrants necessary and which
constitute the due process of law under our
system.
Mr. EDM (JNDS. May I ask my friend one
question further just there?
Mr. BAYAUD. I beg the Senator's par-
don. 1 am told that I did not understand the
question he just put. Did he ask mo whether
we were willing to have an assassin arrested ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; my question now is,
whether my friend will allow me to ask him a
, question ?
Mr. BAYARD. What was the question the
Senator asked ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state the question
I wish to ask. My friend is speaking on the
subject of arresting p. man without a warrant;
and I wish to ask him a question, with his per-
mission, in view of what he has just stated.
Ho says that if the President, under this stat-
ute, resists force with force and overcomes by
force an unlawful assemblageof people in arms
and captures some of them and turns them
over to the civil authorities for trial, then he
has arrested somebody without due process of
law. In view of that suggestion, I wish to ask
iny friend whether it is not the law of Dela-
ware, and tho law of all civilized countries,
that the officers of the peace, the executive
officers of the government, bo they Governor
or constable, bo they President or marshal,
those who have in charge the execution of
the laws, are, notwithstanding the phrase whioh
my friend has read from tho Constitution,
entitled, on view of a breach of the peace,
to seize the offender who has committed the
breach of the pcace, even in civil cases, with-
out arms—in the case wo are speaking of it is
by an armed assemblage—and turn him over
to tho civil authorities?
Mr. BAYARD. There is no doubt about
the fact that we believe that the whole power
of our community can be arrayed in favor of
tho execution of our laws; but our military
power is subordinate at all times to our civil
power—only acts under it and in aid of it. It
cannot be called upon justly, according to our
theory of civil government, until the civil
power has been exhausted. In tho present
case there is nothing hero about an arrest " in
view" of a broach of the j)eaco, nor docs it
mean tho array of l'orco against, force.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it does.
Mr. BAYARD. If that is the intention, it
should be more clcarly expressed. The liber-
ties of the people are not to be placed subject
to such vaguu language as is used in the bill,
and such language as is interpolated by the
Senator from Vermont, when he speaks of
arresting "on view" of a gross breach of the
peace.
But, sir, how shall the President of tho Uni-
ted States obtain this information, and how
shall he be furnished with such facta as will
enable him to say that tho execution of the
laws of any State is obstructed to such an
extent as to deprive any portion or class of
tho people of the rights secured to them by the
Constitution? In the first place, what does
''any portion" mean? Does it mean any
individual? Will one man answer the pur-
pose? Will a single case of the deprivation of
right be sufficient to set the Army and Navy
ot the United States in motion against the peo-
ple of a State ? How shall the President learn
that the constituted authorities of a State are
"unable to protect," or "shall from any cause
fail in or refuse protect ion to the people in such
rights?1' 1 see that tho clause of the House
hill, "if any State shall fail or neglect through
the proper authorities to apply to the President
of the United States for aid in that behalf," is
stricken out. That was inserted in the House
out of some little respect for the provision of
the Constitution contained iu the fourth sec-
tion of tho fourth article, which ia in these
words:
"Tho United States shall guaranty to every Stato
in this Union a republican lorm of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of tho Legislature, or of tho Executive,
(when tho Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
Hero, then, before the Army of the United
States, before any Federal force had a right to
enter a State, they must have been applied for
by the Executive of the State when the Legis-
lature was not in session. It was meant that
the States were not to.be invaded, that they
were to be left to govern their own affairs and
to settle their " domestic violence" without
the intervention of Federal power; but that
provision has been stricken from this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will tho Senator allow
me a word there?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mi*. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to inter-
rupt the Senator without his consent, but I do
it with a view to get at the exact point. I
think, if my friend will look at that provision
of the bill, he will find that tho striking of it
out, instead of violating the section of tho
Constitution to which he has just referred,
supports it. That provision of the bill, which
the committee have moved to strike out, pro-
vides for interference if the authorities of the
State do not call for it. By striking it out, the
bill allows us to interfere when they do call;
and I must admit, in candor, too, that when a
case arises of a violation of the Constitution
and of the laws of the United States, we may
interfere, as wo always could, whether they
call or not. But certainly the amendment
does not mako iL any worse.
Mr. BAYARD. It strikes me, with all due
respect, that the amendment makes it a great
deal worse. It certainly is a just rule of con-
struction that tlfe expression of one thing is
the exclusion of another; and I say that the
Congress of the United States can act only
under delegated powers, under enumerated
powers; and when power is given to tho Gen-
eral Government to interfere in a given case
that case must arise, and it cannot interfere
in any other. Then, in what case can you
interfere? Only when you are called upon,
when tho Executive of the State shall ask you;
you can interfere when the Legislature of the
State shall ask you; but you cannot interfere,
and it was never heard or dreamed of that the
General Government of this country could,
under the pretext of the existence of domestic
violence within a State, without any applica-
tion from any of its authorities, invade that
State and take the whole control of its domes-
tic affairs into their own hands. They were
not to go till they were sent for. They were
to give the aid that was requested; and the
very expression of that excludes the possibil-
ity of your giving any other. Even that safe-
guaid has been stricken out of this bill.
Bat, sir, I want to ask, how shall the Presi-
dent of the United States obtain the knowledge
of these facts? You say he is to interfere
when any portion of the people of a State are
deprived of their rights. Whether that means
one man or many the bill does not say. Will
a single ease of alleged wrongful action justify
this military interference ? Where is the
President to get his facts? There was some
such system under the Roman law, and they
had a class of officials who were called dela-
tors, and I suppose that will be a new class of
officers to be appointed under this law, whose
salaries shall be paid by the people :
" The <hl'.t!orcs. under the emperors, were a class
of men who gained their livelihood by informing
Against their fellow-citizens. (Suet., Tib. 61, Dom.
12; Tacit. Ann., iv,30, vi,47.) They eonstantly brought
forward lalse chnigos to gratify tho avarice or jeal-
ousy of tho different, emperors, and v/cro conse-
quently paid according to tho importance of tho
information which they gave. In some cases, how-
ever, the law specified the sums which were to bo
given to informers." ' " The
number of informers, however, increased so rapidly
under tho early emperors, and occasioned so much
mischief in society, that many of them were lrc-
quently banished, and punished in other ways, by
various emperors."
This bill will sow tho seed for a glorious
crop of these paid informers; and I have seen
enough of tho investigation of the affairs of
North Carolina to know what kind of testimony
will come and how readily it will be accepted.
I have said, and I do here repeat, that the tes-
timony taken in the case of North Carolina, in
my opinion, ought to have satisfied any rea-
