1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
42d Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
son-able man that the causes of disorder in that
■Slate were such as the public opinion of that
community alone ought to have settled and
was perfectly competent to settle. If such was
the case in regard to North Carolina, the report
uoon which State has been made the pretext
for a bill like this, (for you have no other evi-
dence,) what is to be the safety of any com-
munity if the President of the United States,
acting upon the information of some spiteful
wretch who wishes to wreak his individual
vengeance against perhaps a successful com-
petitor for office, shall inform the President
that the rights of a clsss or portion of the peo-
ple of that State are denied to them ? Sen-
ators, the men who will come up here bearing
testimony against their own States will, in nine
cases out of ten, be found utterly unworthy of
belief.
I say that this bill will give rise to a crop of
public informers, who will stimulate discord
all over the country for the very purpose of
inducing executive interference. No State,
no community will be safe. Let the Execu-
tive be never so honest, how can he judge from
testimony ex parte? Histirne cannot be taken,
even as ours was, to examine witnesses 011 both
sides; he can hear nothing in reply, but each
State will be at the mercy of the most unscru-
pulous, the vilest citizens from her society.
The railroads here from every portion of the
country will be crowded with these informers,
hurrying to bear their tale of falsehood and
malice in order to provoke military interfer-
ence with the affairs of their States, where their
characters deprive them of all influence.
Gentlemen may start such a system as this
to gratify their party or their personal objects,
and it may be that for a little while they may
succeed; but, depend upon it, even-handed
justice will return that chalice to their own
lips. It is now time that (he American peo-
ple should know that it is here proposed to
place between their State laws, their security
under their State institutions, and a military
occupation by the Army of the United States,
nothing but the oaths of a parcel of informers.
Nay, it does not even require an oath. Sir, it
is a power that will enable the Presidentof the
United States, should he be disposed for any
reason, for personal animosity, for party advan-
tage, for personal ambition, to obtain such
testimony, or to accept testimony as sufficient,
in his discretion, to overthrow all civil govern-
ment in any and in every State in this Union.
Gentlemen who are in the dominant party
in this Chamber may have the most complete
confidence in the moderation, the justice, the
integrity, the self-control of the present Exec-
utive. I11 regard to that they may exercise
their own opinions. But I beseech thom to
remember that they are setting on foot an evil
principle which cannot bo confined to the in-
dividual who is to-day the President of the
United States. Whatever may be your confi-
dence in him, you cannot be so blind as not to
see that you are substituting the discretion, the
will of one man, as your only safeguard from
military control.
The Constitution of the United States recog-
nizes the interference by the Federal power
with a State upon the occurrence of but two
things, "rebellion" or "invasion;" and this
bill proposes neither, but with something else,
not enumerated in the Constitution, to give
the President power to invade a State with the
Army and Navy, and to do that upon inform-
ation, not even required under oath, and such
he may see fit to receive and act upon.
Passing to section four, we find that, which
I esteem equally or perhaps even more dan-
gerous and a flagrant violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States ; and that is the
proposition to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States, -when in his judgment the public
safety shall require it, to suspend the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpus. What does that
mean ? To suspend the writ of habeas corpus
is virtually to declare martial law. The Army
you have provided shall be used to make
arrests without writ, and now you provide the
suspension of the great writ of right which
shall enable the man who is imprisoned to
learn the cause of his detention. That great
safeguard is placed entirely at the discretion
of the President of the United States, and he
may at any time, when in his judgment the
public safety shall require it, suspend this writ.
I know that during the war, when cannon
spoke too loud for reason's voice to bo heard,
the writ of habeas corpus was suspended, and
acts in violation of all the provisions of per-
sonal liberty were constantly committed by
the President of the United States and others
in authority, and were indorsed and approved
by Congress. But inter arma, silent leges. It
was in time of war that this was done ; it was
in a time when the tyrant's plea of necessity,
false and dangerous as it is, could yet be urged
with some plausibility. How can it be urged
now ? It is more than six years since the last
eannoti was fired in anger in this country, and
it is proposed now to give to the President
of the United States a power to do that, in his
discretion, which Congress itself can only do
under certain and peculiar circumstances. The
power to suspend this great writ of right is
certainly and clearly vested in the Congress
of the United States. It is not an executive
power; it is not so classified; it never has been
so considered.
I will not fatigue the Senate or myself at
this time by reciting the authorities, the cur-
rent of authorities, nay, the torrent of author-
ities, to show that the pawer of the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus :s vested^ by the
Constitution iu Congress. But even in Con-
gress it is only under a certain condition of
affairs that this may be done. It shall not
be suspended, says the Constitution, "unless
when in cases of rebellion or invasion the
public safety shall require it." Does this bill
contemplate the existence of invasion or rebel-
lion ? Certainly not. This bill professes to
act in favor of individual rights ; it is the rights
of citizenship ; to secure individual immunities
and privileges is the object of the bill. There
is 110 such thing as rebellion here. It cannot
be contemplated in advance. Invasion, of
course, is too absurd to think of. Now, Con-
gress not only has sought to delegate to the
President of the United States the exercise of
a power confided to its discretion alone, but
it has gone further, and authorized hint to
suspend this writ of right in a case where Con-
gress itself has not the power constitutionally
to do it.
There is 110 proposition more undeniable,
no one more accepted by all authority, than
that a delegated power cannot be delegated by
the person in whom it is vested. The powers
of this Government cannot be delegated. No
power in which the exercise of discretion is
involved is capable of delegation. A merely
ministerial power may be delegated ; a power
that involves the exercise of judgment or dis-
cretion can in 110 ease be. The execution of
no trust can be delegated; and what is the
exercise of governmental powers but the high-
est trust? What are we exercising here to-day
but the powers of trustees for the liberties and
happiness of our fellow-countrymen? Can we
delegate them ? Assuredly not. The Congress
of the United States are given power to lay
taxes ; to establish post offices and post roads ;
to coin money and regulate the value thereof;
and various other enumerated powers are given
them in the eighth section of the first article.
Can it be supposed that they can give to the
President of the United States the power to
coin money? Can they delegate to him the
power to make any law? Can his vote affect
the passage of a law ? Can Congress relinquish
to any one the powers confided to them ? The
question has been decided over and over again
in this country. I remember perfectly well in
the State in which I live the attempt was made
by the Legislature to delegate to the people at
large the right of voting as to whether a certain
measure should become a law or not. It was
at a time when tlje temperance feeling ran very
high, and they proposed to make a prohibit-
ory law and submitted it to popular decision
whether the act passed by the Legislature
should become efficient as a law. It came
before our courts, and the principle was there
settled, and it has been followed in a dozen
States in this Union, that such a power cannot
be delegated.
Mr. President, at the commencement of the
late civil war, the sanction of a great name in
the legal profession was given to a dangerous
assault upon this constitutional power of sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus. Mr. Bin-
ney, of Philadelphia, lent his aid in endeavor-
ing to take from his fellow-countrymen the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus. He
published two treatises which drew from his
legal brethren replies; and I need not say that
in the estimation of that community Mr. Bin-
ncy's position in regard to that question was
successfully controverted aud overthrown. In
this honorable duty of defending public liberty
among the foremost and ablest were John J.
Montgomery, Edward Ingersoll, George M.
Wharton, and with them was James P. John-
ston, one of those retiring, painstaking, labori-
ous men by whose sterling abilities the world
profits so much and of whom itknows so little,
lie passed some years ago into an honored
grave, leaving a high reputation as a lawyer,
and as an honorable, and honest man. From a
pamphlet written by hira in reply to Mr. Binney
I propose to read his comments upon this dele-
gation of the power to suspend the writ of
habeas cyrpus :
" Rebellion and invasion are great physical facte,
which all can toe and about which there can be but
one judgment. These the Executive may readily
know, but the Constitution does not authorize the
privilege of the habeas corpus to be suspended upon
either rebellion or invasion. Granting that they ex-
ist, nevertheless the Constitution expressly declares
that 'the privilege shall not be suspended unless
when the public safety may require it.' la it true,
then, that 110 legislative act is necessaryor proper
to give cognizance of that fact to the £x.ecutivc?
There is not, among the innumerable subjects of
legislate e cognizance, one to c>?eiiualiy u{ that
elass as the requirement of public .:a:uty._ What it
may or mav not require depends on expediency and
sound public policy; and the requirement itself is
essentially the judgment which the competent au-
thority shall pronounce on the ticld of events, Wiiich
does in their judgment influence tho safety ol the
public. Let there be rebellion or invasion; but what
new rul^s of conduct shall bo prescribed on their
account? If new laws be required. Congress alone
can make them. If property is to be taken, Congress
alone can take it. Shall then tho privilege of priv-
ileges—shall liberty itself be subjected to a depart-
ment incapable of making any law or of prescribing
a rule of conduct for anybody? Laws are but means
to guard the liberty of the citizen, and to tho Legis-
lature el one have tnepeoplo intrusted the power of
making mid modifying the laws, llave they then
given to tho Executive power to takeaway liberty
ltseif, tho very end for which the law was made?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question just there? He alluded a moment
ago to the fact that it had been decided in the
States that the Legislature could not delegate
to the people the power of determining about
a prohibitory law.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes.
Mr. EDMONDS. I should like to ask my
friend if it is not within his knowledge that in
a majority ofcases where powers of that kind
have been delegated the courts have held that
it might be done?
Mr. BAYARD. That is not my impression.
I never heard it before, and I think it would
be the end of our Government,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let me suggest to
my friend that a slight study of the reports
