1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
gress to look to the question whether or not the
State affords that protection the Constitution
requires, and if it does not, then to provide
the proper remedies.
And under this section Congress is not only
the exclusive judge of the necessity for the
application of remedies, but is also the ex-
clusive judge of what the remedies shall be.
There is 110 restriction upon Congress in this
behalf, except the restriction of a sound dis-
cretion, within the Constitution. Mark the
language of the fifth section of this fourteenth
article :
"Congress shall have power to enforce, by appro-
priate legislation, the provisions of this article."
"By appropriate legislation." What is
"appropriate legislation?" It is legislation
adequate to meet the difficulties to be encoun-
tered, to suppress the wrongs existing, to fur-
nish remedies and inflict penalties adequate
to the suppression of all infractions ot the
rights of the citizens. And of what is neces-
sary to this end Congress alone must be the
judge.
This is what is sought to be accomplished
by the fourth section of the bill, which is as
follows:
Sec. 1. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized ami
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able
by viulenv.o to ei tiier overthrow or set at defiance the
constituted authorities of such State, or when the
constituted authorities are in complicity with or
shall connive at the unlawful purposes ot saeh pow-
erful and firmed combination; and whenever, by
reason of either or nil of the causes aforesaid, the
conviction of such offenders and the public safety
bhji.ll become ill such district impracticable, in every
such case, such combinations shall be deemed a re-
bellion against the Government of the United States,
and during the continuance of such rebellion, and
within the limits of tile disti iol which shall bo so
under the sway thereof, such limit to be prescribed
by proclamation, it shall bo lawful for the President
of the United States, when in his judgment the pub-
lic safety shall require it, to suspend the privileges
of the writ of Itabea/t corpus, and to declare and en-
force, subject to the Rules and Articles ot War, and
other laws of the United States now in foreo and
applicable in case of rebellion, martial law, to the
end that such rebellion may be overthrown: Pro-
vided, That the President shall first havo made
proclamation, as now provided by law, command-
ing such insurgents to disperse: And provided also.
That the provisions of this section shall not be in
force after the 1st day of June, A. D. 1872.
By this suction Congress judges of the neces-
sity, a state of rebellion; and determines a
remedy. This section provokes the wrath of
the gentleman from Kentucky, and he holds
up before us a highly-colored picture of a
broken Constitution, of a people whose liber-
ties have all been destroyed, writhing under the
domination of a despot, compared with whose
power all monarchical Governments, save the
Government of the autocrat of all the Russias,
become patterns of moderation ! We have seen
such pictures before. The gentleman from
Kentucky is not the first man who has exhibited
them. We saw them in the days of the rebel-
lion, painted by hands as skillful as his, and
they have ceased to terrify. They proved to
be illuminated sketches of a highly excited
fancy. A Radical Congress was exhibited as
tearing the Constitution to fragments and de-
stroying the liberties of the people, and Mr.
Lincoln was a despot, a blood-thirsty tyrant,
performing a sort of devil's dance among the
ruins of the nation. But all this proved to be
fancy and not reality.
Let us see, Mr. Speaker, whether this sec-
tion is not warranted by the Constitution and
undoubted authority. The great objection to
it is that it provides for a suspension of the
writ of habeai corpus. The ninth section of
the Constitution provides that.—
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corput shall
not be suspended unless when, in cases of rebellion,
or invasion, the public satcty may require it."
It certainly is not going too far to say that
in cases of rebellion, when the public safety
requires it, it may be suspended; and it is just
in such a case that this section authorizes the
suspension of the writ. It is where there exist
sutik armed, organized, unlawful combinations.
so numerous and powerful as to be able by
violence to overthrow and set at defiance the
constituted authorities, or the authorities of
the State connive at the unlawful purposes
of such combinations, and by reason thereof
the conviction of the offenders and the public
safety become impracticable, that the writ is
authorized to be suspended. It is hardly pos-
sible to use language or make a provision more
in consonance with the constitutional provision
just quoted.
The gentleman from Kentucky read from
the Milligancase, and asserted that it is an em-
phatic condemnation of all- the provisions of
this bill. I have heard of that case before,
and I assert that, instead of being a condem-
nation of the provisions of this bill, it sustains
them most completely. What was that case?
Milligan, a citizen of the State of Indiana, was
arrested and tried before a military commis-
sion, and condemned to death. There was no
rebellion in Indiana; the courts were open, and
he could therefore have been tried before the
courts, and in this case the opinion is expressly
predicated upon the facts that there was 110
armed rebellion there and that the courts
could have tried him.
But the court nowhere in this opinion inti-
mates that if there had been a state of rebel
lion, and the courts closed, that the privilege
of the writ could not have been suspended ;
but the whole argument of the court shows
that if rebellion had existed and the courts
powerless to act, the writ of habeas corpus
would not have been available to save him
from the punishment which was adjudged
against him ; and I challenge any gentleman
to produce any respectable authority to the
contrary. That is this section of this bill. It
provides that where there is armed rebellion,
and the courts powerless, the writ may be sus-
pended—legislation not only authorized by the
Constitution but sanctioned by precedent.
But gentlemen on the other side are espe-
cially indignant because this fourth section of
this bill authorizes the President, whenever in
his judgment the public safety demands it, to
suspend the privilege of the writ. They pro-
fess great alarm at this extraordinary discre-
tionary power thus proposed to be given to the
President. Sir, is there anything new in this
feature of this bill ? No, sir, it has a most
distinguished precedent. On the 3d of March,
1863, Congress passed an act which contains
the following provision:
" During the present rebellion the President of
t,lie United States, wheneverin hisjudgment the pub-
lic safety may require it, is authorized to suspend
the privilege of the writ of hnbeat corpw in any case
throughout the United States 01* any part thereof."
There this same discretion was given to the
President, and on the 15th of September, 1803,
he exercised it by suspending the writ through-
out the United States as to "spies, aiders and
abettors of the enemy," and others named in
bis proclamation, and I have yet to learn that
this grant of discretionary power and its exer-
cise were detrimental; but, on the contrary,
history shows that it was an important aid to
the preservation of the Government. And,
sir, not only was this power granted by the
act just referred to, but in the very case of
Milligan, referred to by the gentleman from
Kentucky, the Supreme Court of the United
States expressly decided that Congress had
the constitutional power to pass such a law.
This provision has therefore the sanction of
precedent and the highest judicial authority.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] is especially horrified at the idea of
allowing the President to determine what con-
stitutes a rebellion. He used the following
language:
"And the only judge is to be the President of the
United States There is the essence of It, 'that one-
man power:' that this is to be made a personal Gov-
ernment; that that officer, placed with this enorm-
ous and stupendous aggregation of power, is to be
the sole and exclusive judge of what constitutes a
rebellion, or what justifies the action authorized
under this bill. He may construe the assembling
of two or more men in a bar-room fight as constitut-
ing that condition of things as under the bill would
justify him in assuming that that kind of' combina-
tion' or conspiracy or rebellion existed which war-
ranted the full exercise of all the power granted.
"Now, sir, I say that in no portion of our history
has any such power been delegated; in no free Gov-
ernment anywhere in the world has any such power
been delegated by the people. Nor is there any
despot for the past oentury who would attempt to
exercise it."
I submit, sir, that that is a misstatement of
the bill. It does not make the President the
sole and exclusive judge of what constitutes a
rebellion. The bill specifies what facts shall
be deemed a rebellion, and allows the Presi-
dent to judge when those facts exist. Is there
anything new in that? No, sir; on tlie con-
trary, as long ago as the 2d of May, 1792, almost
before the ink was dry with which the Con-
stitution was written, Congress passed an act,
of which the following is the second section:
"That whenever the laws of the United States
shall be opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed
in any State by combinations too powerful to bo sup-
pressed by the ordinary coursc of judicial proceed-
ings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by
this act, the same being notified to the President of
the TIniled States by an associate justice, or the dis-
trict judgo, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States to call forth the militia of such State
to suppress such combinations, and to cause the laws
to bo duly executed; and if the militia of a State
where such combinations may happen shall refuse
or be insufficient to suppress the same, it shall be
lawful for the President, if the Legislature of the
United States be not in session, to call forth and
employ such numbers of the militia of any other
State or States most convenient thereto as may bo
necessary, and tho use of militia so to be called
forth may be continued, if necessary, until the expi-
ration of thirty days after the commencement of tho
ensuing sossion."
There precisely the same discretion was
given by Congress, excepting only that it was
to be exercised by a judge and not the Presi-
dent, and therefore in this particular the bill
under consideration "has an ancient precedent.
I insist, therefore, that tho following proposi-
tions are established:
1. The provisions "no State shall deny"
and " Congress shall have power to enforce"
mean that equal protection shall be provided
for all persons.
2. That a failure to enact the proper laws
for that purpose, or a failure to enforce them,
is a denial of equal protection.
3. That when there is such a denial Congress
may enact laws to secure equal protection.
4. That Congress may adopt just such rem-
edies as are necessary to that end ; and when
such denial is the result of combinations which
destroy the power of the courts and endanger
the public safety, may authorize the suspen-
sion of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus.
The third and fourth sections of this bill are
110 departure in any sense from any one of
these propositions; and therefore, in my judg-
ment, it is clearly within the constitutional
power of Congress to enact them. I cannot
but envy the author of this bill the legal acu-
men which has enabled him to grapple with all
the niceties of constitutional construction and
so shape it as to avoid making it obnoxious to
the organic law.
And now, sir, this brings me to the consid-
eration of the second objection urged against
this bill, the objection that there is no occa-
sion for this legislation. It is gravely said that
the reports of unrestrained and unpunished
lawlessness that come to us are not true. I
shall not stop now to recite the evidences of
the fact that outrages of the most shocking
character are being daily and nightly per-
petrated, and that the offenders, through the
unwillingness or inability of State authorities,
go utterly unwhipped of justice. The evidence
taken by the Senate committee ought to be
sufficient to satisfy the most skeptical and
incredulous. The newspapers are fall of the
dreadful details. The mails are loaded with
statements of these outrages upon unoffending
citizens. From every quarter of the South and
by every avenue through which information is
derived it comes to us that there is a state
of unrestrained terrorism and lawlessness at
