484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
the South disgraceful to the nation and shock-
ing to the civilization of the age.
It seems to me that a man mast shut his
eyes and close his ears and summon all his
prejudices, or he must be convinced that law-
lessness and disorder are holding high car-
nival in a large part of the domain of this
nation. He must set at defiance all human
testimony, and resolve that he will not believe
even though the dead victims of this spirit of
diabolism should risein their bloody garments,
and from their watery graves, and bear wit-
ness to the fearful fact.
But 'Iven let it be conceded that the tele-
graph is prolific of lies in this regard, let it be
conceded that letter-writers exaggerate, let it
be conceded that the newspapers are filled
with untruths, still here upon this very floor, in
our very midst, members of this body are the
witnesses who can speak and who have spoken,
and who do bear witness to the fact that the
lives and property of citizens of the southern
States are in peril every hour, and that the
State authorities will not or cannot afford them
protection, and that they can only be made
safe against outlaws by the intervention of
Federal authority.
Sir, I am reliably informed that not three
days ago a member of this House was urged by
an official, who is charged with the important
duties in connection with the enforcement of
the criminal law, not to vote for this bill, for
the reason that he could not safely return to
his home if he did. And, sir, what is the pur-
pose of all this bloody work'? I assert—and
all well-authenticated evidence proves the truth
of the assertion—that it is for the express pur-
pose of controlling government in the States
where these things are done, by preventing citi-
zens from exercising their legitimate constitu-
tional privileges. It is to overthrow by force
and violence political opinion ; it is to destroy
by violence the freedom of the ballot-box, and
therefore it is the most dangerous form of
domestic violence and rebellion against the
laws. My colleague said :
" Tho utmost extent of insubordination is confined
to a very small number of persons, and they are in a
few localities. They aro merely common criminals,
without politics or higher motives of action than
the base aims of individual oiTeiiders."
1 will let these gentlemen lieie upon this
floor answer whether this " insubordination is
confined to a very small number of persons"
and a "few localities." "They are merely
common criminals," says my colleague. Yes,
in one sense they are common, unfortunately
very remarkably so; but the character of their
Criminality is very uncommon everywhere in
the wide world except in the localities lately
darkened by rebellion.
If my colleague means that they are to be
classed with the ordinary criminals of the
country, as I suppose he does, I must beg to
differ with him. Men who bind themselves
together by oaths to do deeds of cold-blooded
murder and perpetrate every other crime that
has ever been denounced by the laws of God
Or man, who mask themselves and perpetrate
deeds that would shame a savage, are no or-
dinary criminals. They are men schooled in
crime. They are sprouts of that greatest of
all crimes, treason. And when my colleague
says that they are 11 without politics" I must
differ with hirn again. What is the purpose
of murdering poor and defenseless negroes?
Is it for gain or "the base aims of individual
offenders?" No. What is the purpose of
driving officers from their places? Is it for
gain or the "base aims of individual offend-
ers?" _ No. It is to get rid of votes, to get
possession of iocal and State governments.
My colleague almost admits this, lor in the
Same connection he says:
"It is undoubtedly true that millions of people,
good, loyal, and true, dislike some of the southern
State governments as now organized. It is not in
the power of intelligent and virtuous citizens to do
less.
That is by way of apology for these outrages.
They "dislike" "the "State, governments."
Therefore these outrages are committed. What
for? I know of but one legitimate deduction
from the language, and that is to get rid of
either the State governments or those who
hold offices under them. This looks as though
they were not entirely " without politics." But
why do they dislike the " State governments?"
These are States with republican forms of
government; the officers are elected by the
people; what is the matter with these govern-
ments that these "intelligent and virtuous citi-
zens" should "dislike" them? I think 1 can
furnish a solution of the meaning of my col-
league when he says that they "dislike the
State governments as now organized."
I?urther on he says:
" Remove from them all disabilities, and thus invite
them to assume again all the rights, capacities, and
responsibilities of freemen; let them organize their
local governments in the persons of their best cit-
izens : do not force upon them bad. corrupt, and
incompetent officers, nor attempt to govern then by
strangers, nor give the legal, moral, or partisan sup-
port of Congress to the political plunderers and
oppressors who have so long run liot among them.
Then you may hope for speedy restoration of law,
order, peace, real and enduring, in the South."
That tells the whole story. There must be
lawlessness and disorder or there could be no
restoration of "law, order, and peace."
But, sir, when is this delightful state of tran-
quillity to come? It is when these violators of
law, these disturbers of the peace, have acquired
control of the local governments. Then law,
order, and peace are to prevail. But the infer-
ence is that until then the work of blood shall
still go oh. Does this look as though there
was no politics in this business? No, sir; it
is a confession that politics is at the bottom
of it all. It means that this is a struggle for
political power. It means that it is an effort
to get control of government by violence; it
means that those who cast ballots must become
subservient to the will of those who " dislike
the State governmentsas now organized;" and,
failing to do so, this work must go on until
death or intimidation shall end the exercise
of" the highest constitutional rights and privi-
leges of unoffending American citizens.
But suppose it should turn out that these
tilings are exaggerated? Having the consti-
tutional power to do so, what possible harm
can there be in placing upon the statute-book
a law denouncing such acts as it is charged are
being committed, and such organizations as are
alleged to exist, as great and heinous crimes
to be punished by appropriate penalties? If
no scourgings, no burnings, no murders are
perpetrated, who will be injured? If there
are no such lawless conspirators there will be
no one to be punished as such. If all is peace
and order there will be no infliction of pen-
alties. Why is it, then, and all Christendom
will ask why it is, that there is such a persist-
ent effort to prevent legislation to maintain the
equal rights of every citizen before the law?
I remember that there was a time in the his-
tory of this nation when its very existence was
in peril. I remember that here on the floor of
this House, and also in the body that occupies
the further end of the Capitol, no measure
could be suggested to keep the peace and pre-
serve the Government that did not meet with
determined opposition and fierce and bitter
denunciation. Can it be that the same spirit
that then pervaded these Halls and stalked
about through the land is rioting here now?
if one half that is told us is true, and protec-
tion is not afforded these unoffending citizens
by the General Government that owes them
proteption, the next thing will be a resort to
the iustiucts of all animated nature, to a law
that rises high above all human enactments,
the law which prompts and justifies self-pro-
teetion. That involves civil strife and anar-
chy and the destruction of all law, and the
numberless evils that follow in its train.
If it should hereafter become manifest that
we have been misinformed; that these troubles
only existed in perverted imaginations, no
harm will come from the legislation pro-
posed. If they do exist, now is the time to
smite them down, now is the time to strike
now is the time to make these disturbers of
the peace, these violators of individual rights
feel the power of the Government, and to teach
them that there is not of all the thirty-eight
millions of the citizens of this nation one so
humble that his rights under the Constitution
and laws can be lawlessly smitten unnoticed
to the ground.
Sir, we ought to learn a lesson from the
past. In the State of Indiana, during the re-
bellion, there existed an organization of oath-
bound conspirators, working in the dark, drill-
ing in the night for the purpose of seizing the
government of that State and plunging it into
open rebellion against the Constitution and
laws of the nation. The day was fixed when
they would "let slip the dogs of war." At the
appointed time these conspirators were secretly
gathering about the capital, prepared for their
desperate work, and but for the vigilance and
prompt action of the State and Federal author-
ities Indiana would have been scourged and
blackened with civil strife.
And so it will be now in the South unless
the Ku Klux organizations existing there are
confronted with the majesty of the law. Let
us provide for the punishment of these men
for their lawlessness and conspiracies, and then
we may confidently hope that " law, order,
and peace will be restored to the South " and
the nation.
[During the delivery of-the foregoing speech,
the ten minutes having expired, Mr. Packard
obtained the floor and yielded his time to en-
able Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, to conclude his
remarks.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
in the few minutes allotted to me, I do not
intend to discuss the general merits of this bill.
But there is one feature of it which strikes me
as being sufficient to condemn it even in the
estimation of its friends, as it must in the
judgment of the country. This bill presents
an aspect of jurisprudence which I have never
seen in any legislation. In the various States
of this Union, as in England, there are laws
for the punishment of offenses, and also laws
to punish attempts to commit offenses ; bat
both in England and America the laws punish
the attempt with less severity than the actual
commission of the offense. But this bill pre-
sents the anomaly of inflicting for the attempt
to commit an offense a higher degree of pun-
ishment than is allotted to the offense when
committed. In other words, by this bill a
conspiracy of two or more persons to commit
an assault and battery is made a felony, pun-
ishable by ten years' imprisonment in the pen-
itentiary and a fine of $10,000, while assault
and battery committed by one man is a misde-
meanor, and may be punished by a fine of one
cent and costs.
I appeal to members of the legal profession
to say whether in the history of the law they
have ever witnessed such an anomaly as that.
And I appeal to gentlemen from the North to
say whether their own section of country will
stand legislation like that ? Are they willing
to say that when two men combine together to
commit assault and battery, but fail to carry
out their intent, fail to liuita hair of the head
of anybody, they shall be convicted of felony,
sent to the penitentiary for ten years, and sub-
jected to a fine of $10,000? That is the effect
of this bill. Not only that; but if two men
conspire and combine for the purpose of com-
mitting an offense, yet do not commit it, and
do any act toward its commission, the Presi-
dent of the United States, under the third
section, is empowered to declare martial law
and send troops to that portion of the country.
When a man has conceived the design of com-
mitting an offense, and has done any act in
furtherance of the design, this bill allows him
no opportunity to repent of his intention. The
offense is then complete with all its horrible
consequences to the party and the country.
