1871.]
APPENDIX TO TI-IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24T
42d Cong,... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
we not (I believe and I hope by the rightful
vote of my friend in favor of it) recently, cer-
tainly without any party or political division,
delegated almost the entire power to make laws
for the District of Columbia to a municipal
corporation ?
Why, sir, the history of law and of legislation
is full of the delegation of these powers, which
are executive, which are ministerial, and the
exercise of which is made to depend upon the
occurrence of a certain event, which is left to
the judgment of the officer to whom the exer-
cise of those powers is confided, which he is
to exercise or not exercise, as the event may
determine, in his discretion.
I ask my friend's pardon for enlarging so
much in answer to his question.
Mr. BAYARD. I. have heard nothing in
the cases suggested by the honorable Senator
from Vermont to change at all my views of
the inability of the Congress of the United
States to delegate the responsibility and the
power to another of deciding whether or not
certain facts do exist, under which they would
have the discretion and responsibility of sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus. I asked
the honorable Senatorwhether he admitted
that power to be in Congress. He has declined
to answer that question. 1 assume it to be in
Congress. I could furnish him, if necessary,
with very abundant authority upon that sub-
ject. I thought it was now an admitted fact,
adjudicated by a long series of authorities and
decisions, that the power in relation to the
writ of habeas corpus was vested in the Con-
gress of the United States; and I do here pro-
test against the idea that Congress, who are
vested only with a discretion in regard to this
most important writ, and who themselves are
prohibited from suspending it except in cases
of rebellion or invasion, and not even then
unless the public safety should require it, can
forsake their duty of deciding when such a
contingency has arisen and put it in the power
of another branch of the Government to de-
cide for them.
If this question is to be argued let us hear
the authorities for it; let the American people
know that the powers which they thought were
intrusted to the judgment and discretion of
their representatives can at their will and
pleasure be placed in the hollow of the hand
of one man ; that you can transfer the discre-
tion, the power of deciding this grave ques-
tion of the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus from the breasts of members of the
two Houses of Congress to a single individual,
and he perhaps completely incompetent to pass
upon any judicial subject.
Mr. President, I am perfectly aware that a
question of this gravity should have been ap-
proached with more preparation than I have
been able to give it; but this bill having been
reported so recently, and the pressure for its
passage being so urgent, I felt called upon in
deference to the convenience of other gentle-
men upon this floor who desire to discuss it to
speak at a time when I was not as fully pre-
pared as lyshould like to have been. I shall
discuss no further these questions as to the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
The sixth section of this bill, which pro-
fesses to repeal what was called the iron-clad
oath, which would have excluded nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine white men out of a thou-
sand in the southern States from sitting on
juries, and which as a uiatter of simple decency
had to be repealed after the repeal of the test-
oath for officers, also provides:
That no person shall bo a graud or petit juror in
any court of the United States upon any inquiry,
hearing-, or trial of anysuit, proceeding, or prosecu-
tion based upon or arising under the provisions of
this act who shall, in the judgment of the court, be
in complicity with any such combination or con-
spiracy ; and every such juror shall, before entering
upon any such inquiry, hearing, or triali take and
subscribe an oath in open court that he has never,
directly or indirectly, counseled, advised, or volun-
tarily aided any such combination or conspiracy.
And then it proceeds to punish the false tak-
ing of the oath with the penalties for perjury.
To such an oath there can be no objection ; but
I submit to the Senate that as already the
jurors for the United States courts are selected
by the United States marshals it is not right to
make the rejection.of a juror entirely subject
to the judgment of a court. Why should the
judges of a court have the right to exclude men
from juries upon mere suspicion, without oath,
without proof? Already, I say, your juries
will be.selected by marshals according to their
own personal choice. Why, then, submit this
matter to the further test of the consent of the
judge that a man shall sit upon a jury? It is
a right for a man to be upon a jury. A man is
tried, .as we boast, by a jury of his peers. It
is a right for men to be on juries. It is a very
gross disfranchisement to prevent them sit-
ting on juries. It is the right of the accused
that they should be there ; it is their right to
go there. When, before, was the selection
of the jury made to depend entirely upon the
judgment of the court?
. I submit that that clause should be amended.
Indeed, I think the whole of this system of
selecting juries for the United States courts is
one that should be subjected to the much more
reasonable tests that obtain in the various
States, where the names of respectable men,
good men and true, of the various communi-
ties, are thrown into a box and drawn from
thence indifferently, so that there shall be no
personal selection or possibility of packing
juries, which our present system is so highly
favorable to. I do not object to the oath
requiring the party to purge himself from any
connection with these organizations; that is
all right; but that you should, in addition to
that, subject him to discharge by the judge,
because, in the opinion of that judge, he may
be in complicity with these conspiracies, strikes
me as being unreasonable, and tends to deprive
persons who are brought for trial of that
freedom of selection which is one of the first
elements of trial by jury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not that exactly like
a challenge for cause, if my frieud will allow
me to ask him that question?
Mr. BAYARD. It is not a challenge for
cause, because in this case it is the mere mat-
ter of the judgment of the court. Cause must
be shown when there is a challenge for cause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's pardon ;
I did not say a challenge for cause in the tech-
nical sense, because it is not a challenge in the
technical sense. What I said was, is it not
like, or analogous to, a challenge for cause ?
It is theascertainmeiit by the judicial president
of the court that the people who go into the
jury-box aretobediscounected with the crimes
to be punished, and are therefore to be free and
impartial.
Mr. BAYARD. In the matter of challenge
for cause the honorable Senator knows, of
course, the judge decides that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And here the judge de-
• cides this.
Mr. BAYARD. But in this case he decides
without evidence, upon his own judgment,
upon his own will. He can order a man out
of the jury-box without any cause for challenge
being shown, and deprive the accused of his
right to have that man there. He is subject
to nothing but his own judgment, uncontrolled
in deciding under this clause, whereas in the
other case he has nothing to say until cause is
shown.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But is he not to decide
whether cause is shown?
Mr. BAYARD. When cause is shown; but
in this case it is in his own discretion without
any cause being shtjwn at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it n.ot in. his discretion
to decide in an ordinary case of .challenge for
cause, and has he not the power, onlyhe would,
commit an error if he exercised it, to rejects
man for cause, although there was no evidence
at all about it?
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator
thinks the two.are equivalent, why does he not
take the common law on the subject and allow
the man to be challenged for cause 1 Some-
thing else is meant than that. It is meant that
there shall be for these accused parties a re-
striction of the ordinary rights in their selec-
tion of juries. That is what is meant by it.
But, however, that is a very small feature in a
bill so objectionable as this.
Protection of life, etc., at the South.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. P. MORTON,
. OF INDIANA, ,
In the Senate of the United States,
April 4,1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution of Mr. Sherman directing the Committee on
th£ Judiciary to report a bill for the suppression of
violence and disorder in the southern States—
Mr. MORTON said:
Mr. President: The arguments that have
been made on the other side of the Chamber
on the resolution offered by the Senator from
Ohio may be divided into three parts: first, a
general or very nearly general denial of the
existence in the southern States of the outrages
that have been charged ; second, an admission
that those outrages exist, but that they are the
result of maladministration on the part of Re-
publican officials in those States; and third,
that they exist, but are the result of the recon-
struction measures, the unconstitutional and
void reconstruction measures, and the fraudu-
lent amendments to the Constitution as spoken
of by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blaib.]
The subject of negro suffrage has been re-
ferred to this morning, and the Senator from
Missouri tells us that the Democratic party is
not now proposing to abolish negro suffrage,
but is willing to have the experiment tried, if
it can be tried fairly, in the southern States.
What he means by having it tried fairly, I sup-
pose would be to have it tried under Demo-
cratic auspices; and if the Democratic party
can succeed iu getting the colored vote, he
will perhaps be willing to have negro suffrage
stand, but if they cannot, it will then be found
to be detrimental to good government and
should be abolished!
Now, sir, I must dissent from what the Sen-
ator says this morning in this, that the Dem-
ocratic party does not propose to try the
experiment of negro suffrage. Whether it is
admitted upon the floor of the Senate or not,
it is absolutely a part of the issue which the
Democratic party makes to the^country in the
approaching presidential election that negro
suffrage shall be overturned. The great body
of the argument made by the Senator from
Missouri who has just taken his seat is to the
effect that the negroes are unqualified to vote,
and that the right of suffrage as conferred upon
them is detrimental to the best interests of the
country.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will permit me
to interrupt him, I will simply say here that
the only parly who have given evidence yet
that they intended to deprive the negroes of
suffrage are the party to which the gentleman
belongs in- taking away suffrage from the
negroes of the District of Columbia, along with
all the white men.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I will come
to that in a moment. The Democratic party
were everywhere opposed to granting negroes
the right of suffrage. They opposed all con-
