1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
the Radicals commenced there of giving up the
railroads to adventurers without asking any-
thing in return, not even a lien on the road for
the payment of the debt. Elsewhere, where
roads have been constructed liens have been
taken upon the work done in order to repay
the State for its advances; but Radicalism
opened a new phase and lent the money with-
out any lien, without any security, and paid it
over into the hands of these adventurers who
made away with it, and never applied it to the
purpose nominally intended.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I cannot
go into the details of affairs in Missouri; I can
only give my understanding.
Mr. BLAIR. I am giving the history, not
only in Missouri, but throughout the South.
Mr. MORTON. I am inclined to think the
Senator is mistaken ; and he is certainly very
largely mistaken as to his own State.
Mr. BLAIR. I am not mistaken at all.
Mr. MORTON. But I desire to proceed.
There is a large debt in Missouri contracted
by issuing bonds to build railroads and other
works of internal improvement. My own State
embarked in that about forty years ago, and I
think she got about twelve millions of bonds on
the market. Out of some of those bonds she
was swindled by sharpers. She undertook the
construction of a number of works of internal
improvement at the same time ; but I believe
outof all of them, andoutofthe moneyderived
from some twelve millions of bonds, there were
but sixty miles of railroad completed. I think
the experience of the State of Illinois about,
forty years ago was pretty much the same. I
cannot give the amount of the Illinois debt
then contracted for that purpose.
Such also was the experience of Ohio, with
better luck. Ohio, I think, contracted a public
debt of about twenty millions for the construc-
tion of turnpikes and canals. I think a large
part of the debt of New York, perhaps two
thirds of that debt to-day, was contracted on
account of bonds issued for the purpose of con-
structing works of internal improvement; but
New York has more to show for it than most
of the States. The State of Mississippi issued
her bonds some thirty years ago, I believe, for
the purpose of getting money to bank upon.
The experiment did not work well; but Mis
sissippi then having a white man's government
exclusively, with not a black face in the capi-
tal, repudiated her bonds, and made her repu-
diation blacker than the faces are now that are
in her Legislature as shown by the photograph
presented yesterday by the Senator from Mis-
souri, and not only injured her own reputation,
but injured the reputation of all the States in
this Union; the whole country suffered because
of the infamous repudiation brought about by
the State of Mississippi.
Now, take the State of Louisiana. It has
been said in general terms that the debt of
Louisiana has been increased, 1 believe, twenty
millions. The explanation made by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana [Mr. West] is
that this consists perhaps almost entirely of
railroad bonds indorsed bytheStateof Louisi
ana; it is a contingent debt. But then the Sen-
ator from Missouri says that Louisiana gave
two millions of subsidies to some railroads for
which she gets nothing in return. That is not
wiihout precedent. I remember the time when
the State of New York gave, I believe, three
millions for the purpose of building the New
York and Erie railroad, an absolute and out-
right gift on the part of that State, if the com-
pany would construct the road by a certain
time. So that if Louisiana has even given
subsidies to build railroads in that State, she
has the example of the great Democratic State
of New York to justify her for it.
It is also suggested to me by the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] that Massachu-
setts did the same thing, giving money to the
Boston and Erie road. I am told also that
there was a constitutional amendment submit-
ted to the people of Louisiana limiting the
public .debt to perhaps twenty-five millions,
and that the Democratic party of that State,
in their zeal for the credit of the State and to
preserve the State from heavy burdens, voted
against the amendment.
It was further said yesterday by the Senator
frQm Louisiana that when the Republican
party in Louisiana came into power the State
bonds were selling at thirty five cents on the
dollar in the market, and they are now worth
seventy five cents.
The Senator from Missouri referred yester-
day particularly to the State of Mississippi.
I wish to say in regard to Mississippi that Gov-
ernor Alcorn has recently sent a message to
the Legislature of that State asking for the
organization of a regiment of cavalry of picked
men. I have that dispatch here, and I would
like to have it read to show what the Governor
of Mississippi has recommended the Legisla-
ture to do.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Memphis. April 1.
"The Avalanche Jackson special says: ' Governor
Alcorn, in his message to the Legislature to-day,
says rewards for the detection of men engaged in
outrages perpetrated by what is called tlie Ku K1 ux
in any county shall, when paid by the Executive, be
made a special tax of that county, with a right to
change the venue on the part of the State. He asks
authority to organize and call into thefield a cavalrv
regiment of picked men for operating wherever
masked assassins shall be seen, the cost of the sub-
sistence of such regiment to be levied on the county
to which they have been called by the appearance
of masked assassins.
" ' With this power tax-payers who should dare to
tolerate by their sympathies the performances of
the Ku Klux will soon find out that such toleration
will cost thorn heavily in penal taxes. While leav-
ing nothing undone to repress violence, it is our d uty
to see that we leave nothing undone to reinovo all
possible grounds for provocation.'"
Mr. MORTON. Here is a confession by
the Governor of Mississippi, whom the Senator
from Missouri admires very much, according
to his speech yesterday, that the civil power
in Mississippi is incompetent to suppress Ku
Klux outrages—a direct admission of their
existence. He wants a regiment of cavalry of
picked men, and also that he may be author
ized by law to quarter them upon the county
or upon the neighborhood where these out-
rages exist. This is as clear^ and distinct an
admission of the terrible condition of things in
the State of Mississippi as were the messagesof
the Governor of Kentucky sent by him to the
Legislature of Kentucky last winter.
Mr. President, X have here in the New York
Times a verbatim extract of a ppeech made in
the Mississippi Legislature a few days ago by
a member from Noxubee county, which i will
ask tbe Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" The Ku Klux in Mississippi.—While the outrages
committed by members ot the Ku Klux Khui m
Mississippi were under consideration m tbe focato
house oi representatives on Friday afternoon last,
Mr. Davis, a Republican member from Noxubee
county, made a long and ablcspeech, from which we
quote the following paragraphs, ttiat it may be seen
mat in all that has been published in the liinesand
other northern papers in relation to these outrages
the half has not yet been told :
44' The cries arc coming up from the eastern border
of the Sraie daily of the insecurity of life and prop-
erty. It comes to our knowledge, beyond a doubt,
that peaceable citizens are taken out of their homes
at night and shot or hung, for no offcnso at all, but
simply for their political opinions. Nor is this all;
we have it, sir, that officers ot the law that could not
be intimidated have been taken out and shot or sum-
marily disposed of. A United States officer has been
taken out ot a dwelling-house and scourgcd, a crime
ot itsclfsufficient, had it been done in a foreign coun-
try, to have justified the Government in demand-
ing immediate reparation. In my county a j ustices
court has been broken up and the three magistrates
sitting had to seek safety in flight. When I state
that there is an organization m this State sumeiently
powerful to intimidate grand jurors and control petit
jurors, I state no more than what I conscientiously
believe and what nine tenths of the members onthis
floor believe. The gentleman from Calhoun (Mr.
Jloane) asked the question, when has any othcer ot
the law called upon the citizens to assist,Tiim in the
enforcement ot the law and they refused? I, sir,
answer tbe gentleman by referring to tbe affair at
Meridian, when Ku Klux from Alabama came to
tbocity and the mayor appealed to the citizens to
vindicate the supremacy of the law, but instead of
responding to the call they took sides with the ma-
rauders. I have known tho citizens to refuse to
respond even to the call of the sheriff to arrest vio-
lators of the law in tho county of which I am a citi-
zen and which*in partlhavethohonor to represent.
"'I agree with thegentleman from Calhoun whon
he says the good citizens of all classes deprecate the
perpetration of such outrages. But I do assert that
they have not given to the officers of the law that
moral support that the good order of thecommunifcy
demands of them; nor has any one guilty of the
crimes which this resolution contemplates to sup-
press, however positive the proof or fiendish the
crime, been punished when the victim was a loyal
man and a Republican.
*'* The gentleman also says the outrages occur in
strong Republican counties, and asks, whero are the
Republicans that they cannot rally to tho assistance
of the officers of the law and suppress them?4 I an-
swer this question by saying, sir, that the majorities
of the Republicans in these counties arecolored, and
they know that if they should assist the officors of
the law m arresting one belonging to the Klan they
forfeit their lives, and that by the bullet of the mid-
nightassas&iii,when possible, sittmgaround the fam-
ily hearth-stone. Why, Mr. Spcnker, it is a nightly
occurrence that this band is prowling through tho
country in tho eastern part of the State, like hungry
wolves seeking human blood. And, Mr. Speaker, it
happens that their victims aro always Republicans ;
and I hold, Mr. Speaker, that if the Democratic
party are not responsible for the actions of this
organization directly they are indirectly. In order
to prove that I cull the attention of this House to
the editorials of their leading organs. The Clarion
of the 21st instant winds up a long and labored edii-
orial by the use of this language: 44 We have 110
knowledge of what are termed Ku Klux combina-
tions in this State, and if they really exist we c^uld
not recommend their disbandaient."' "
Mr. MOIITON. Mr. President, there is a
terrible picture of Mississippi confirmed by
the message of the Governor; and I call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the pic-
ture corresponds precisely with that of Ken-
tucky, of North Carolina, of South Carolina,
and of other States.
We were told yesterday by the Senator from
Missouri that Judge Sharkey, a distinguished
jurist of Mississippi, was turned outof the Sen-
ate to make place for a major general and a
vagrant negro. Sir, Judge Sharkey never had
a place in this Senate; he was never elected
by a legal Legislature, by a loyal Legislature.
But why does the Senator call ex-Senator
Revels a vagrant negro? Why vagrant ?^ Is
it because all negroes aro vagrants, or is it
because Mr. Revels was not bom in the Stale
of Mississippi? I should like to know iio v
many Senators there are on this floor who
were born in the States they now represent.
I imagine not one third of the number. lie
said that Governor Alcorn would not resign
as Governor because he was afiaid to trust
that Legislature; that if he would resign they
would assume the payment of the debt, which
had been repudiated. I can only say, if that
Legislature never did anything worse than to
assume the payment of that debt, which hud
been so dishonorably and so infamously repu-
diated by a white man's government thirty
ygjjfg agu, there would be but little to com-
plain of. . .
But, Mr. President, after considering the
alleged corruption in the southern States, let
me call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the city of New York is the scat of Dem-
ocratic power. The society ot Jam many
exerts a controlling influence over the Dem-
ocratic party in every portion of the United
States, and the city of New York has the most
corrupt Democratic city government m this
country or in any .other.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
mTh°e~PEESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) Does the
Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator
from California ? .
Mr. CASSERLY. Tho Senator certainly
spoke inconsiderately when lie said that the
