252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
same organization, though it may differ in
name, exists in all the States that I have men-
tioned.
We are not at liberty to doubt that the par-
pose is by these innumerable and nameless
crimes to drive those who are supporting the
Republican party to abandon their political
faith or to flee from the State. A single mur-
der of a leading Republican will terrify a whole
neighborhood or county. The whipping of a
dozen negroes, because they are negroes and
asserting their right to the equal enjoyment
of liberty, property, and the expression of
their opinions, will have the effect to terrify
those who live for miles around.
As a Government we are uuder the most
solemn obligations to protect these people
against their enemies ; but as a party, we are
under the highest possible moral obligation to
stand by them and use all the means that may
be in our power for their protection. Their
crime is that they are the friends of the Gov-
ernment, that they stood by the Government
through the rebellion, or have become its
friends since. Their crime is that they tire
our friends, aud if we desert them we are un-
worthy of the name of men and ought to have
no friends.
Some weeks ago when I offered a resolution
to create a special committee to examine into
the condition of the South, it was met not only
by a howl of execration in the Democratic press,
but with lierce denunciation upon the floor of
the Senate. The Senator from California
[Mr. Cassehly] attributed tome bad motives,
asserted that my purpose was to keep alive
the animosity between the North and the
South lor political purposes, expressed his in-
credulity, and denied the existence of the
crimes which it-was proposed to investigate.
I do not intend to impugn the motives of that
Senator or to call in question his sincerity ;
but I do tell him, his speech was read through-
out the South as indorsement and approval;
and so will be read the speeches that have
been made on that side of the Chamber during
this debate. "
Mr. CASSISULY. Is the Senator referring
tome? b
Mr. MORTON". 1 was.
Mr. CASSERLY. Thy Senator is very un-
just. I think all that has taken place in con-
nection with his motion, his committee, and
the report justifies what!said as to the object
for which that thing was initiated ; but I deny
that 1 did say anything or ever could say any-
thing which would jtiKiily outrages anywhere,
or incite them. 1 wish I could say as much
lor some gentlemen who have a great deal to
say against outrages—I will not say in this
debate, but in others.
Mr. MORION. Idid not yield foraspee.ch ;
I yielded (or an explanation. What the Sen-
ator said at that, lime was heard by the Senate
and is in the Olobe. What the effect of it will
be is to be determined by thoi.e who read it.
I have no hesitation in s-aying that the effect
of all such speeches made upon this floor is to
give confidence and encouragement to the men'
who commit these crimes. I do not say they
are so intended ; I intimate nothing of that
kind j but I say that is the inevitable effect.
For a time the Democratic party denied the
existence of the border-ruffian outrages in
Kansis; bat the result was the crushing out
of the pro-slavery party in that Territory, the
expulsion of the border ruffians, and the
permanent establishment there of Republican
power.
For many years before the war the people
of the North were subjected to indignity and
outrage in the South on account of their polit-
ical sentiments. It was not safe for a man of
avowed anti-slavery princi^ilas to travel in the
South. He could do no business there. He
"was subjected to every indignity and outrage,
and the Democratic press throughout the North
were either incredulous or ridiculed the victims
of these outrages, and in many cases justified
them outright. But the punishment came.
The people of the South were led on, step by
step, until they engaged in actual rebellion,
which brought with it terrible punishment and
the destruction of the institution of slavery.
If the Democratic party do not want to bear
the responsibility for the crimes in the South,
they must cease to deny their existence ; they
must cease to furnish excuses and apologies
for them ; they must raise their voices in con-
demnation of them ; they must unite with us
in demanding punishment for the guilty and
protection for the innocent.
If the charges that have been made iw re-
gard to the crimes committed in the South are
not true, it is of the last importance to the
people of the South, to the whole country, and
especially t® the Democratic party, that that
fact should be known. The belief that they
do existkeepscapital and immigration from the
South, and is doing them the deepest possible
injury. And yet; when the proposition was
made to have an investigation by a committee
to be composed of honorable gentlemen, who
would not upon their oaths tell a lie or bear
false witness, it was charged upon me almost
as a crime, and I wa3 subjected to the fiercest
denunciation by the Democratic press. Sir,
if the Democratic party would unite with us
in the condemnation of these crimes and in
the adoption of measures necessary for their
suppression it, would at once strip thera of a
party character, and no possible advantage
could result to the Republican party from their
investigation and punishment except that
which would result from the protection of the
lives and property of their friends in the South,
which certainly would be legitimate.
liut it is said these crimes should be pun-
ished by the States ; that they are already
offenses against the laws of the States, and
the matter should be left with the States. The
answer to that is, that the States do not punish
them ; the States do not protect the rights of
the people ; the State courts are powerless to
redress these wrongs. The great fact remains
that large classes of people, numbering nearly
one halt in some of the States, are without
legal remedy in the courts of the States.
Should this fact be overlooked for the sake of
a theory V Shall it be said with any reason
that it is proper to leave the punishment of
these crimes to the States whgn it is a notorious
fact that, the States do not punish them? This
might be said with more reason if the crimes
committed were only occasional, were without
system and concert,, were not the result of a
settled purpose .and policy, had not, deep and
far-reaching political significance. If they
were like the ordinary crimes of murder, lar-
ceny, and arson, that are committed by bad
men through the country, the force of the
reasoning would fail; but when we consider
that these crimes are the result of confederated
action, the result, of a common and wide-spread
purpose, tbat they are not intended simply
for the gratification of individual malice, re-
venge, or aggrandizement, but for the accom-
plishment of a general design extending not
only throughout a State, but throughout many
States, the case is wholly altered.
I he report of the special committee shows
the condition of affairs in the State of North
Carolina. The story is a terrible one, and
should cause men of all parties to reflect sol-
emnly upon what is_before them. In a large
part of North Carolina there is no security for
the life or property of any man who belongs
to the Republican party. It is true, crimes
are committed by persons who belong to the
Republican party, but the evidence shows that
the offenders are quickly brought to trial and
punishment; while, on the other hand, no
man has been punished in portions of that
State for the murder of Republicans, or for
any outrage committed upon them. This tells
the whole tale, and leaves nothing for infer-
ence or argument. °
It is true, various excuses are set up for this.
Some witnesses say that the Ku Klux organ-
ization was gotten up as a defense against the
Union League ; and yet when they are closely
examined as to whether the Union League, as
an organization, has ever committed a crime,
they are bound to answer in the negative or to
say that they do not know.
The Union League was a harmless political
society, organized for the purpose of diffusing
information, disseminating documents, and
rallying those who belonged to the Republican
party, or who could be brought to adopt that
faith. Violence was no parr, of its purpose.
It did not seek to make converts by terror or
by the commission of crimes. It was simply
a political organization, designed to operate
upon incn not through their fears, but through
their reason. To present the existence of the
Union League as an excuse for the organisa-
tion of the Ku Klux Klan is quite as reason-
able as the complaint made by the wolf, who
said to the lamb tbat went "to drink at the
stream lower down that the lamb muddied the
water so that he, the wolf, could not drink.
The evidence shows that this Ku Klux organ-
ization exists in a large part of the State of
North Carolina; that the members of it are
bound by the most solemn oaths to execute
the judgments which may be adopted by those
in authority; that in the execution of these
judgments they commit murder, arson, assaults
and batteries, larceny, perjury, and almost
every crime in the calendar ; that they are
required to commit perjury as witnesses to pro-
tect one of their number from punishment; to
commit perjury as jurors, and'to acquit at all
hazards one of then- nutaberwho may be upon
trial.
A society which resorts to perjury as a com-
mon means of defense, or as the instrument by
which their purposes are to be accomplished,
may be described as utterly wicked and devil-
ish. Against such an organization men can
have no protection, except it shall be in the
strength of the law sustained by military power.
What protection can a court afford against the
crimes of such men, when their fellows are
required to appear as witness and commit per-
jury in their defense, or to procure themselves
to be thrust upon juiies and there to acquit,
no matter what ttie evidetice may be ; when
the intimidation of officers is a part of their
policy, threats to be served upon judges, upon
jurors, upon sheriffs, and upon every officer
connected with the administration of justice?
This organization, with these principles and
using these instrumentalities, has done its
work. None of its members have been pun-
ished, while they commit crimes with impu-
nity in broad daylight, so that no man in the
State feels safe. Such an organization strikes
at the very existence of society, and it is the
solemn duty, as well as the interest, of men
of all persuasions, parties, and creeds to unite
against them as the common enemy, and to
exterminate them as the foes of mankind.
This society is a confederacy, existing in a
number ot States, and binding them together
by its secret and murderous ties. 'Their mode
ot committing crimes is the same in Tennes-
see, Kentucky, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana,
South Carolina, North Carolina, Florida, and
Mississippi. All the evidence that has been
produced from time to tune, all the circum-
stances developed through the press, from day
to day, go to show the identity of the organ-
ization in all these States; and it is constantly
advancing^to now triumphs. Beginning at ond
point in Tennessee, it has advanced into the
other States, and is still spreading its jurisdic-
