1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
ber from Massachusetts has received his in-
formation.
Mr. .BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not at
all. I got it from the Baltimore Gazette.
Mr. SWANK. And now I will say to this
House, in reply to what he has staled here, that
I have only to point, in answer, to my record
in the past. 1 have been associated, sir, with
the State of Maryland for more than a quarter
of a century, and, in connection with her great
works of internal improvement, 1 have dis-
bursed more than thirteen millions of money,
not one dollar of which, sir, was retained in
my hands. Can the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts say the same of the moneys which he
has handled in connection with the public
Treasury ? Does he come here with the same
record ?
Mr. DOX. Or with the same reputation or
the same character.
Mr. SWANN. Or with tho same character
or with the same reputation, without arrogat-
ing to myself, that X bear to-day among the
constituency that I am hero to represent in
part?
Why, sir, I have only to say that I have been
called to nearly all the offices in my State,
from the humblest to the most elevated; from
that of mayor of a city to a Senator in the
Senate of the United States, to which I was
elected by an almost unanimous vote of my
Legislature, but which I declined in order that
I might stand by the State of Maryland in the
position of loyalty, which she has always occu-
pied. 1 want no better defense than this.
Now, I have very little acquaintance with
the gentleman from Massachusetts—I beg par-
don, with the member from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Buti.hu. J Ho came to that State for the
purpose of taking possession not only of the
State of Maryland, but of the whole people of
the State. He came there as a great military
hero. He came in upon us early one morning,
when there wars no opposition to his triumph-
ant march. He came there with the aspira-
tions of a Marlborough or a Napoleon and
planted his victorious standard upon Federal
Hill. And it was said that he came with his
spurs buckled around his waist, and his sword
dangling from his boots. [Laughter.] He
was so elated by the success of tliatgreat vic-
tory that, he made his headquarters at the
Gilmor House, where he tried to degrade in-
nocent women and children during his whole
connection with that affair.
And 1 say it here, and I call upon that mem-
ber to deny it if he can, that after having been
three days in the Gilmor House, in a course of
revelry that would have degraded any man
occupying thathigh position, after having been
in a state of beastly intoxication for three
days, [the Speaker rapped to order,] he was
helped upon his horse by his commiserating
friends, in order that he might make a tri-
umphal display through the streets of that city.
And yet he has now the boldness and the
audacity to stand upon this floor and make an
attack upon me and upon the State of Mary-
laud. Sir, I wish that member to understand
that if there are blows to give there are blows
to take. I wish him to understand distinctly,
in reply to the attack which he has made
upon me in reference to the American party,
that I did belong to that party, in common
with a distinguished gentleman, a leader on
the other side of the House, Hon. Henry Win-
ter Davis, under whose lead I was following.
If I committed an error then, when I was
young in politics, I was following in the lead
of a high priest of the Republican party. I
did no more than that; I did nothing to detract
from the position in which I stood toward the
people of my State; I subscribed to no princi-
ples that were not the principles of the Consti-
tution and the laws; I belonged to no associa-
tion, as I stated before, which advocswed the
stealing of spoons and the degradation of inno-
cent women and children. My record in the
State of Maryland shows that I was above it.
And when that member the other day charged
this side of the House with complicity with
murder, and when he charged the Speaker of
tliia House, for whom I entertain the most pro-
found respect, with having elevated himself by
his connection with land-grabs, 1 looked upon
him with a contempt which 1 do not hesitate to
express here now ill the presence of the House.
[Hap to order by the Speaker.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To the
gross personal calumnies of the Representa-
tive from Maryland, [Mr. Swwxx,] 1 have but
a single word of answer to make, and that
word is that the history of the country will
show the utter lalsity of the only substantive
charge made by him as of every other that liaft
ever been made against me. If I understood
the gross accusation, it was "that in tile city
of Baltimore, when 1 went there in May, 18(11,
I lay three days at the Gilmor IIousc in a
state of beastly intoxication, and was then
taken out and put on my horse by commiser-
ating friends."
Mr. SWANN. I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman admit what. 1 stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That,, then,
is what they call South honorable action and
gentlemanly course of debate, to claim that I
admit the charge. [Mr. Swann waswalkingup
the aisle toward the cloak-room, when some
one called him back,] Let him go; lie had
better go at once. 1 was only repeating the
gross and slanderous accusation, so that there
should be no mistake. Now for the answer.
After sunset, on the eve of the 14th of May,
in a thunder-storm which frightened the gen-
tleman from Maryland into his house, or I
should have found myself opposed to him, I
entered, at the bead of a thousand United
States troops, a rebel city of two hundred and
sixty thousand inhabitants, more or less. On
the day but one before May 15, I received a
telegram appointing me major general of vol-
unteers, and on the following night I left that
city, never to go back to it again for months
and months.
Mr. SWANN. I hope never to see you there
again. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I had
not the pleasure of seeing the gentleman there
when I was there. All that kind of cattle then
kept out of my way. [Laughter.]
But now for the charge. I was not ill that
city during the time he charges. It took me
less than twenty-four hours to quell those reb-
els, and then I was sent somewhere else in
the line of duty, having been promoted major
general, and was iu Washington on the 10th
day of May. 1 was not in the Gilmor House,
save an hour for dinner, at all. My head-
quarters were on Federal Hill.
What becomes, then, of tlie charge of three
days' debauchery, which is a part of the Plug-
Ugly, Kiiow-Nothing, " Dead-Rabbit" slander
of Baltimore city, fitly retailed by a fit leader
of a filthy, disgraceful [the Speaker raises his
hammer as if to call to order] mob ? I do not
mean, of course, the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Ritchie.] [Laughter.]
Extracts from Moore's Itebellion Record, 1861.— Diary
of Kocnts.
"May 13.—A portion of the Federal troops lately
stationed attho ltoliiy House, on the Baltimore and
Oliio railroad, entered Baltimore. They arrived at
Camden station at seven and a half o'clock m tho
evening." * * * * " Tho force was under
command of General Butlkr." * * * *
" Their operations were seriously interrupted by a
soaking shower that completely deluged the place;
but having become accustomed to camp life, thoy
seemed to pay little attention to it. At a late hour
largetiresworo built,somewhat dispelling the gloom
of the place, and rendering the atmosphere more
comfortable.
"May 14.—General JiUTijER issued a proclamation
from his headquarters on Federal Kill." (Doc. 105,
dated department of Annapolis, I'odcral Ilill, .Bal-
timore, May 14,1861.)
"May 16.—General Butler was serenaded at the
National Hotel, in Washington, and in response
made a happy speech upon the war and the portion
of Massachusetts in it." (Doc. 171.)
Now, for another thiQg. The gentleman
from Maryland, who has a right to that nanw
by the courtesies of the House—for 1 w'll not
propose to steal the poor wit of anybody, as
he has done, used on another occasion by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] in
using the term "member1'—the gentleman
from Maryland, undertakes to b.nut to us how
much money lie has disbursed—$1",000,000—
and he tells us that none of it stuck to his
hands. But what do other people say? [Laugh-
ter.] I never have found it necessary to deny
the false and foul slanders that have been
brought, to bear upon me. If my Government,
or any officer of my Government, or any man
with whom I have ever had occasion to settle
my accounts as a public officer, has ever made
any charge against me, 1 am yet to hear it.
No fault has been ever found in that, regard
by those who had a right to find fault if there
was ground for it. All the fault finding has
come from men who did—what? Who under-
took to steal all the United Stairs properly
within their States and started off to secede
from the Government, and by those only, who,
knowing what they would have done them-
selves if they had been ill my place, judging
me by the best standard of judgment, that ihey
had—their own base hearts, passions, and
wishes—knew that if they had had the oppor-
tunity I had, handling millions, they would
have stolen them, and spoons besides, [laugh-
ter;] and therefore they thought 1 must have
done as they would have done. They are not
to ho blamed for that, suspicion; they judged
me as best they could, by the highest standard
they had. Satan can only understand how
devils would act. There is the end of that.
1 am further accused, in the city of Balti-
more, of dealing improperly with women and
children there by the gentleman. The only
thing I am sorry for is that I did not stay there
long enough to have the opportunity to have
dealt with them all. There was a city, how-
ever, in which I issued an order copied sub-
stantially from an ordinance of the city of
London. 1 brought the rebellious women of
that, city which 1 governed to terms by simply
issuing an order, which executed itself, that
made every respectable woman act as if she
were a respectable woman ; un order which
executed itself, because every decent woman
did not insult my soldiers because she wanted
not to be taken for a common woman, and
every common woman acted in the same way
because she wanted to be thought a decent
woman. [Laughter.] And therefore there
was nobody to insult my troops.
Mr. SWANN. And, sir 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I cannot
yield. Has tho gentleman got back ? The last
I saw of the gentleman was a dissolving view
of him going out, on the other side of the House.
[Laughter.] That order was not issued in
secret; it was made in the face of the world.
And it was never requisite to arrest anybody
under it. If there is anything in my life that I
have reason to be proud of, it is fortlie issuing
of that order; looking back upon it, it seems to
me almost inspiration, by which 1 was enabled
to give an order which prevented bloodshed
and riot, and prevented the arrest of women
and children in the streets for insulting the sol-
diers of my garrison.
Now, then, sir, a single further word on the
very unpleasant topics which are forced upon
rae. But I am reminded again that I gave
that order in the language of an English city
ordinance, and there it can be found in good
old Saxon English to this day.
One thing further. You will observe,_ Mr.
Speaker, I have never obtruded myself and
my own personal acts upon this House, and
have never undertaken to defend any one of
thera, for they defend themselves. But let
me say to the gentleman that I have not lived
for twenty-five years, as he has, as a politician,
holding every office he could get his hands on,
" from village alderman up ; " but I lived in a
eommuuity, man and boy, where virtue, intel-
