492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5j
ligence, and propriety of life are as much
prized as anywhere on earth, and I never held
any office of profit or salary until I held the
office of brigadier general, by which I was
enabled to bring the rebel associates of the
gentleman from Baltimore on their knees to
me. [Laughter on the Democratic side.]
Mr. SWANN. Never, sir; never.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
held any other except that of Representative
of the people. I represent a district which
knows me. I represent a community who
know me my life long, and their continued
confidence, may I say their ever-increasing
confidence?—for which I humbly thank my
God, for it is the only protection I need
against slander and detraction—their ever-
increasing confidence in me is the best an-
swer to all calumnies. Why, sir, Washing-
ton was denounced by the enemies of the
country as a speculator for founding this cap-
ita!. Jackson was placarded in the streets
of London as a tyrant and a beast because
he stood for the liberties of the country. I am
the only American beside him that has been so
honored. I have been in the same way attacked
by the same kind of men. [Laughter on the
Democratic side.] Yes, sir, by precisely the
same kind of men—English aristocrats who
desired the destruction of the country, and
sneaking southern rebels who were in league
with them, [renewed laughter on the Demo-
cratic side ;] men who, after having been Know-
Nothings, after having advised the burning of
churches, Catholic-Irish churches, now pan-
der to the Catholic-Irish votes, to get here to
represent the city of Baltimore. [Laughter
and applause.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
SAN DOMINGO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
To the iS'enaie ant£ jHouse of lleprexentadvos :
I have the honor to submit herewith to the two
Houses of Congress the roportof the commissioners
appointed in pursuance of joint resolution approved
January 12, 1871.
It will be observed that this report more than sus-
tains all that I have heretofore said in regard to the
productiveness and healthfulness of the republic of
San Domingo; of the unanimity of the people for
annexation to the United States, and of their peace-
able character.
It is due lo Che public, as it certainly is to inyself,
that I should here give ail the circumstances which
first led to the negotiation of a treaty for the annex-
ation of the republic of San Domingo to the United
States.
When I accepted the arduous and responsible
position which I now hold X did not dream of in-
stituting any steps for the acquisition of insular pos-
sessions. 1 believed, however, that our institutions
wore broad enough to extend over the entire con-
tinent as rapidly as other peoples might desire to
brmgr themselves under our protection. I believed
further that we should not permit any independent
(government within the limits of North America to
pass from a condition of independence to ono of
ownership or protection under a European Power.
Soon after my inauguration as President I was
waitecUipon by an agent of President Uacz, with a
proposition to annex the republic of San Domingo
to the United States. This gontlcmnn represented
the capacity of the island, the desire of the people,
and their character and habits about as they have
been described by the commissioners, whoso report
accompanies this message. Ho stated further that,
being weak innumbers and poor in purse, they wero
not capable of doveloping their great resources, that
the people had no incentive to industry on account
of lack of protection for their accumulations; and
not ,!l.C(-;epted the United States with in-
stitutions which they loved above those of any other
nation, they would be compelled to seek protection
elsewhere, lo these statements I made no reply,
and gave no indication of what I thought of the
proposition. In tho course of time I was waited
upon by a second gentleman from San Domingo,
who made the same representations, and who was
received m like manner.
In view of the facts which had been laid before me,
and with an earnest desire to maintain the44 Monroe
doctrine," I believed that I would bo derelict in my
duty if I did not take measures to ascertain the exact
wish of the Government and inhabitants of the re-
public of San Domingo in regard to annexation, and
communicate the information to the people of the
United States. Under the attending circumstances
1 felt that if I turned a deaf ear to this appeal I
might, in the future, be justly charged with a llagrant
neglect ofthepublicintorests and an utter disregard
of the welfare of a downtrodden race, praying for
the blessings of a froo and strong Government and
for protection in the enjoyment of the fruits of their
own industry.
Those opponents of annexation who have hereto-
fore professed to be preeminently the friends of the
rights of man I believed would be my most violent
assailants if I neglected so clear a duty. Accord-
ingly, after having appointed a commissioner to visit
the island, who declined on account of sickness, I
selected a second gentleman, in whose capacity,
judgment, and integrity I had, and have yet, the
most unbounded confidence. lie visited San Do-
mingo, not to secure or hasten annexation, but, un-
prejudiced and unbiased, to learn all the facts about
the Government, the people, and the resources of
that republic. He went certainly as well prepared
to make an unfavorable report as a favorable one,
if the facts warranted it. His report fully corrobo-
rated the views of previous commissioners, and upon
its receipt I felt that a sense of duty and a due
regard for our great national interests required me
•to negotiate a treaty for the acquisition of the repub-
lic of San Domingo.
As soon as it became publicly known that such a
treaty had been negotiated the attention of the
country was occupied with allegations calculated to
prejudice the merits of the case, and with aspersions
upon those whose duty had connected them with it,
Amid the public excitement thus created the treaty
failed to receive the requisite two-thirds.vote of
the Senate, and was rejected; but whether the ac-
tion of that body was based wholly upon the merits
of the treaty, or might not have been, in some de-
gree. influenced by such unfounded allegations,could
not be known by the people, because the debates of
the Senate in sr-cret session are not published.
Under these circumstances I deemed it due to the
office which I hold, and due to the character of the
agents who had been charged with the investigation,
that such proceedings should be had as would enable
the people to know the truth. A commission was
therefore constituted, under authority of Congress,
consisting of gentlemen selected with special ref-
erence to their high character and capacity for the
laborious work intrusted to them, who were instruct-
ed to visit the spot and report upon the facts. Other
eminent citizens were requested to accompany tho
commission,in order that the people might have the
benefit of their views. Students of science and cor-
respondents of the press, without regard to political
opinions, were invited to join the expedition, and
their numbers were limited only by the capacity of
the vessel.
The mere rejection by the Senate of atreaty nego-
tiated by the President only indicates a difference
of opinion between two coordinate departments of
the Government, without touching the character or
wounding the pride of either. But when such rejec-
tion takes placo simultaneously with chargcs openly
made of corruption on the part of the President, or
of those employed by him, the ca-se is different. In-
deed, in such case, tho honor of tho nation demands
investigation. This has been accomplished by the
report of the commissioners, herewith transmitted,
and which fully vindicates tho purity of the motives
and action of those who represented the United
States in the negotiations.
And now my task is finished, and with it ends all
personal solicitude upon the subject. My duty be-
ing done, yours begins; and I gladly hatid over the
whole matter to tho judgment of the American peo-
ple and of their representatives in Congress assem-
bled. Thft facts will now be spread before the coun-
try, and a decision rendered by that tribunal whose
convictions so seldom err, and against whose will I
have no policy to enforce. My opinion remains un-
changed—indeed, it is confirmed by the report—that
tho interest of our country and of San Domingo
alike invite the annexation of that republic.
In view of the difference of opinion upon this
subject, I suggest that no action be taken at the
present session beyond the printing and general
dissemination of the report. Before the next ses-
sion of Congress the people will have considered
tho subject, and formed an intelligent opinion con-
cerning it; to which opinion, deliberately made up,
it will be the duty of every department of the Gov-
ernment to give heed; and no one will more cheer-
fully conform to u than myself. It is not only the
theory of our Constitution that the will of the peo-
ple, constitutionally expressed, is tho supreme law,
but I have ever believed that "all men are wiser
than any one man;" and if the people, upon a full
presentation of thefacts,shalldecide that the annex-
ation of the republic is not desirable, every depart-
ment of the Government ought to acquiesce in that
decision.
In again submitting to Congress a subjcct upon
which public sentiment has been divided, and which
has been made the occasion of acrimonious debates
in Congress, as well as of unjust aspersions elsewhere,
1 may, I trust, be indulged in a single remark. No
man could hope to perform duties so delicate and
responsible as pertain to the presidential office with-
out sometimes incurring the hostility of those who
deem their opinions and wishes treated with insuffi-
cient consideration; and he who undertakes to con-
duct the affairs of a great Government as a faithful
public servant, if sustained by the approval of his
own conscience, may rely with confidence upon the
candor and intelligence of a free people, whose best
interest he has striven to subserve, andean bearwith
patience the censure of disappointed men.
U.S. GiiANT.
Executive Mansion, April 5,1871.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs when appointed
and that they be ordered to be printed. '
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will tell us who these disappointed
men are. They are not on our side.
Mr. DICKEY. I judge from the reading
of that message the disappointed gentlemen
are all on that side.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to more that twenty-
live thousand extra copies of the message and
documents be printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope that
will not be done.
The SPEAKER. Under the law it must
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the previous
question on my motion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered j and under the
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to submit a resolution for the printing of
twenty five thousand extra copies.
Mr. COX. I object.
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATION.
Mr. MERCfUR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 828) for the appor-
tion men t of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth cen-
sus; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
when appointed, and ordered to be printed.
W. T. GREEN.
Mr. HARPER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
W. P. Green.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. PRICE, byunanimousconsent, obtained
leave of absence for twenty days from and
after to-morrow.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, obtained indefinite leave of absence.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. NIBLACK obtained unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the Globe some remarks
he had prepared on the bill for the enforce-
ment of the fourteenth amendment. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. MERRIAM also obtained unanimous
consent to have printed in the Globe remarks
he had prepared on the same bill. [See
Appendix.]
WALTER STAFFORD.
Mr. LEWIS asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have withdrawn from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Walter
Stafford, heretofore referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs of the Forty-First Con-
gress.
J. T. CHUTKOWSKI.
On motion of Mr. COX. by unanimous con-
sent, leave was given to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the case of J. T.
Chutkowski.
ALFRED L. CONCHON.
On motion of Mr. EDWARDS, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House all papers relating
to the claim of Alfred L. Conchon for a wagon
taken from him in Arkansas by the military
authorities of the United States.
J. II GARGES AND JAMES CRTJX.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers of John H.
G}argag and James Crux.
ENTRY OF FERRY-BOATS, ETC.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 829) relative to the
