1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
entry and clearance of ferry boats and of
bonded cars from one State to another,
through foreigu contiguous territory; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce when appointed.
And then, on motion of Mr. KERR, (at five
o'clock and live minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petition, etc.
The following petition, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of W.
L. Dorsey, of Princeton, Indiana, praying for
certain changes in the law granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812,
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of M. M.
Dickson and 47 others, citizens of Summit
county, Ohio, for an act granting one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to each soldier,
sailor, and marine who served in the Union
Army during the late rebellion, without requir-
ing actual settlement, and giving additional
bounty.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 6, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev„ J. P. New-
man, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
repotted by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the hon-
orable Senator allow me to ask the permission
of the Senate to make a personal explanation ?
Mr. STEWART. Let this matter be taken
up, and then I will yield. I ask that the reso-
lution in regard to Goldthwaite and Blodgett
be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution reported by the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will permit
me, I offered a resolution yesterday which was
laid over, and I should like to have it acted
upon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The Senator
from Nevada has yielded that I may make a
personal explanation. I trust the courtesy of
the Senator from Missouri will permit me to
do that.
Mr. BLAIR. Unquestionably I did not
intend to interfere with the Senator from Ken-
tucky; but I wish to have this resolution taken
up, and if it gives rise to debate I shall then
let it, go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada has moved that the Senate consider a
question of the highest privilege, with regard
to the right, of claimants to seats on the floor,
and stated that after it should be taken up he
would yield to the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections is before the Senate.
personal explanation.
DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr.
Presi-
Mr.
dent—
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Kentucky rise?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I rise to ask
permission of the Senate to make a personal
explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the consent of the Senate to
make a personal explanation. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I send to the Clerk and ask him to read a por-
tion of the letter written to the New York
Herald, a few days ago, which I have marked
with black marks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Tho gaze of Bdtlkr finally became intolerable
to Davis, a,nd that gentleman broke forth as follows:
"' You G—d d—d old scoundrel, do you come here
to glare at me and overawe me and browbeat me?'
"Butler replied with unparalleled coolness, still
gaaing at Davis: 'I have not addressed you, sir,
and I don't care a d—n for you, sir.'
" 'You d—d scoundrel, you,' was the response of
Davis, at the same time advancing toward Butler,
as if ho moant to striko him. BcTLERsatin liisseat,
still looking Davis full in the face.
'"You 're a d—d old fool,' said'BuTLEK, "and
your age protects you.' "
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I should not
have caused that extract to be read if it did
not bear intrinsic evidence that it is upon the
authority of Butler himself. I now ask the
Clerk to read an extract from a speech to be
found in the Globe of yesterday.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Kentucky— Do the Ku Klux banditti exist in
Kentucky, that dark and bloody ground, where tho
savage and brutal passions of men never yet have
found restraint either by time, placo, or circum-
stance, civilization or education, so that noither tho
palsy of years can ooutrol them, grny hair yoften
them, the solemnity of place or occasion curb them,
insomuch that their untaughtandunta med outbursts
uuiy break forth e'ven ill the Senate Chamber of the
United States, their impotent rage exhibiting itself
with tho whining and piping voico of an inibocilo
and unhonored old age ?"
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Several years
since, and during the war, a Mr. Brother came
to this city from St. Louis, and made this state-
ment: that he owned a house in New Orleans,
which was his residence in winter seasons, and
some months previously had left it to sojourn
in St. Louis during the hot months, as was his
habit; that before leaving he placed his ser-
vice of silver plate, tforth ab'out four thousand
dollars, in the vault-safe of a merchant friend
for security, and had locked up in his house
all his other furniture, which had cost him
some thirty thousand dollars ; that after Gen-
eral Butler was appointed to the military com-
mand at New Orleans he learned that the friend
of the said Brother had his plate for safe-
keeping, and thereupon sent a military order
to him to deliver it over, but his friend refused
to obey the order; upon which Butler sent a
file of soldiers, with workmen and the neces-
sary implements, who forcibly opened the vault
and carried off the plate and that said Butler
also sent an armed force to the house of the
said Brother, which took and carted away, all
his furniture.
Senator Henderson and Representative Rol-
lins, of Missouri, avouched for the high char-
acter and loyalty to the Government of Mr.
Brother, and went with him and indorsed him
to the President when he applied for an order
upon Butler for the surrender of his property ;
but the President declined then to take any
action in the ease. Thereupon I moved a
resolution for the appointment of a select com-
mittee by the Senate to investigate this com-
plaint of Mr. Brother. The Senate voted it
down, and at the ensuing session I introduced
it again, when the majority again refused it.
On both occasions of offering this resolution I
stated to the Senate the facts as recounted by
Mr. Brother as the foundation for introducing
it. A few days after having moved this reso-
lution the second time I received a discourt-
eous note from General Butler, and thereupon
1 pronounced in the Senate that he was a mil-
itary plunderer, and that his cowardice aad
incompetence as a commander had brought
shame and dishonor upon his country, its Gov-
ernmentand arms, at Big Bethel, New Orleans,
and Wilmington. I never exchanged a word
with General Butler, and such were our rela-
tions up to the time of the scene in this Cham-
ber between him and myself; and I will make
a plain statement of what then occurred.
I was making some remarks upon the reso-
lution in relation to alleged disorders in the
southern States, offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and was
about bringing them to a close, when I hap-
pened to turn my face toward Senator Thub-
man's seat, which is immediately to my right. '
I saw that his chair, about four feet from me,
was occupied by General Butler, but until
then had not been conscious of his presence.
He was looking at me steadily and intensely,
and there was a scowl upon his brow. Both
his near proximity and his manner were offen-
sive, and I addressed my closing words to him
by manner and action. I then took my seat.
He continued an earnest and excited look at
at me, whereupon I turned my seat to face
him, and when we had looked each other in
the eye for an instant, I said to him, "You
damned old scoundrel, are you here to scowl
at and browbeat me?" He made no reply,
and I repeated that language. He then re-
sponded, " I have not addressed you, sir, or
said a word to you." I then said, "What are
you here for ; why did you scowl at me?" He
answered, " I did not scowl at you; you are
an old man." I rose to my feet, and advanced
one step toward him, and said, "I am young
enough to go with you from the Senate Cham-
ber whenever it is your pleasure." At this point
of time Senator Wilson stepped between tig,
laid his hand on Butler's shoulder, said a few
words to him, and they walked off together.
Mr. President, my only purpose has been
to state this affair as it took place, and thus
correct misrepresentation. I have given the
language, the words, between General Butler
and myself, and all of them. It was not my
intention to bring before the Senate any con-
troversy with the universally recognized black-
guard, coward, and scoundrel of the United
States, who, himself, does not dissent from the
general judgment against him.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (rising and inter-
rupting the last sentence with strokes of the
gavel.) The Senator from Kentucky is not in
order. The Chair desires to state, as this
matter between the Senator from Kentucky
and a member of the House has obtained so
much publicity, that he was not in the chair
at the time when it occurred; but it is due to
the Senator who did occupy the chair at the
time to state that the words spoken of in the
public prints, and to some extent corroborated
by the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky
who has just taken his seat, were not loud
enough to be heard at the chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. That is true.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Undoubtedly the
Senator who occupied the chair at the time
would have arrested the proceedings if they
had been heard. They were in a low tone,
not heard at the chair.
salarv of minister to enoland.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections is before the Senate, and the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Tjuurman] is entitled upon
it to the floor, having been upon the floor at
the time the resolution was last under consid-
eration and having been cut off by the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. PAT rERSON. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if he will allow me to call up the bill that
1 presented yesterday morning allowing Mr.
Schenck to draw his pay. It is rather im-
portant that that bill should go through. I
think my friend from Nebraska [Mr. Tipton]
will now withdraw his objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I am in the hands of tho
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I will not objectif it does
not lead to discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska has withdrawn his objection to the
