256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Wilson.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
liberty, life, person, and property, and ''to
place our republican institutions on a more
stable foundation." It proposed to accomplish
these purposes by an amendment to the Con-
stitution, known as the fourteenth amendment.
Through the year 18B6 the civil rights act was
practically a dead letter, and the proposed
amendment to the Constitution was contempt-
uously rejected by the States lately in rebel-
lion.
At the next session of Congress, under the
lead of Thaddeus Stevens, the joint commit-
tee of fifteen on reconstruction was empow-
ered to act, and this committee reported a
measure for the more effectual government of
the rebel States, which became a law on the
2d of March, 18G7. The President's policy
had placed ten of the eleven rebel States com-
pletely under the control of those who had
carried them into rebellion. Loyal men were
utterly powerless and without protection. The
freedmen were free only in name. This great
measure struck down the usurped power of a
privileged class of disloyal men, gave protec-
tion to the loyal and the ballot to the freed-
men. It was followed by the act of the 28d
of March, providing a plan of reconstruction.
These two great measures of reconstruction
sought to rescue the South from the domination
of privilege and caste, to give the government
to the people, and enable those who were loyal
to their country to reconstruct government
upon the enduring basis of equal rights and
equal privileges. They sought to give peace,
law, order, education, and development to the
section of the country blighted by slavery,
scarred by civil war, and demoralized by law-
lessness and violence.
Such, Mr. President, were tho'segrand meas-
ures of reconstruction pronounced by the Dem-
ocratic national convention of 18G8 to be "un-
constitutional, revolutionary, and void," de-
clared by the honorable Senator from Missouri
fMr. Bi.air] to be usurpations to be trampled
"'into dust,," and for the passage of which
Congress has been stigmatized by him in this
debate as "the original Ku Klux."
The overturning of the usurped State gov-
ernments, the effective measures of protection
embodied in these reconstruction acts, the
giving to seven hundred thousand black men
the right of suffrage, the right to vote, and the
privilege to be voted for, wrought a wonderful
change. Loyal men and the freedmen were
inspired by higher hopes, and violent and law-
less men ware restrained by these manifesta-
tions of the purposes and power of the Gov-
ernment. Outrages upon the freedmen and
insults to the loyal were largely diminished, and
in some portions of the Soul h almost wholly
ceased. For more than a year comparative
quiet and order prevailed.
But this quiet and order were broken by
the delusive hopes excited by the Democratic
national convention of 18G8. Then assembled
the selfsame leaders, er their compeers, who
pronounced in 186-1 the war to preserve the
nation's life ''a failure," and demanded "a
cessation of hostilities." To that convention
went many of the exponents and represent-
atives of the " lost cause," whose eyes had-not
been opened in the storm of civil war to see
the error of secession, nor had they repented
of their treason against their country. In their
bosoms burned the aggressive and dominating
spirit of oppression and caste. These men
went into that convention to retrieve in the
arena of politics what they had lost on the field
of battle. Of nearly two hundred members
of that convention from the rebel States there
was hardly one Union man of well known and
approved loyalty. There were there more
rebel soldiers than soldiers of the Union Army,
more members of the confederate congress
than of the Congress of the United States.
That convention, thus constituted under the
lead of Wade Hampton, declare.d the-recon-
struction measures, under which several south-
ern States had been reconstructed on the basis
of loyalty and liberty, " revolutionary, uncon-
stitutional, and void." This disorganizing,
seditious, and revolutionary declaration struck
a responsive chord in the bosoms of the south-
ern Democratic leaders and masses. Gov-
ernor Wise exclaimed, •' Secession is more
alive than ever." Governor Yance declared
"The South will gain by the election of Sey-
mour and Blair all they fought for in the rebel-
lion." AdmiralSemmes, who commanded the
Alabama when the Kearsarge sent her to the
bottom of the seas, proclaimed that "the
grand old Democratic party has'arisen from
its long slumber, and the election of Seymour
and Blair will reduce the negro to a subordin-
ate position as an inferior race." Robert
Toombs declared the mission of the Dem-
ocratic party to be to oust " the grinning skel-
etons which have been set up in our midst as
legislators." The rebel Democratic leaders
gave the cruel, oppressive, and wicked advice,
"not to employ any one, white or black, who
gives his aid to the Republican party." These
declarations and theillusive hopes they excited
aroused anew prejudices, passions, and bates,
and sent the Ku Klux Klan on their errands
of insult, outrage, and death.
For several months the prejudices and
hatreds against the colored race, intensified by
political animosities, manifested themselves in
bloody deeds. In Louisiana, in a few weeks
preceding the election, nearly a thousand were
killed outright, and nearly an equal number
wounded'and maltreated. These bloody acts
decided the result of the election, contrary to
the wcll-ascoi'tained will of the people. In
Georgia the Camilla massacre and the scourg-
ings and murders in other portions of that
State, kept tens of thousands of men from
exercising the right of suffrage, guarantied to
them by the law of the country and the new
constitution of that State. Outrages were per-
petrated -upon the freedmen in other southern
States, but they were not potent enough to
effect political results.
After the election of General Grant, and the
indorsement by the people of the policy of
reconstruction, these outrages were largely
diminished. In some sections of the South
comparative order aud quiet have prevailed
under the present Administration. The vigor-
ous measures adopted in Arkansas, and now
enforced in Texas, have contributed largely
to this result. But in some sections there has
continued to be much disorder, andduring the
last few months terrible outrages have been
committed, especially by these secret, armed
bands of assassins. There is no disguising
the fact that the outrages of the last few months
have a political significance. The Ku Klux
Klaus, be their numbers more or less, are
inspired not only by hatred of the negro, but
by implacable resentment toward those who
have emancipated him and given him civil and
political rights. The evidences are conclusive
that these organizations are guided by polit-
ical desires and purposes. They desire to
secure to the Democratic party the control
of the South and the triumph of the Demo-
cratic party in the nation. Their purpose is
to effect those results by intimidation, and the
results already accomplished by mobbings and
burnings, seourguigs and murderings, inspire
their hopes and lire their zeal.
The victims of these outrages, who have
appealed in vaiu for protection to the judicial
tribunals of their States, now appeal to Con-
gress lor " the equal protection of the laws."
In response to these appeals, it is proposed to
enact this bill to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution. In both Houses
the outrages perpetrated by Ku Klux Klans
and others are denied or extenuated, and -we,
who are seeking by national legislation to pro-
tect life and liberty, person and property, are
denounced in unmeasured terms as violators
of the Constitution of our country. ■ So it has
ever been. The series of acts by which the
slave-masters' rebellion was conquered, four
and a half million slaves emancipated, given
civil rights and political privileges, were de-
nounced as violations of the Constitution, and
we, who have consummated these immortal
measures of patriotism and liberty, have been
perpetually denounced as the enemies of lib-
erty and of the Constitution, especially by
those who raised their hands against their
country and sought on bloody fields the over-
throw of the Constitution and the death of the
Republic.
But their denunciations are passed by us
unheeded, and have met no response in the
bosoms of our loyal countrymen. We have
moved right straight forward and onward in the
greatwork assigned us by the needs of the coun-
try and the providence of God. In spite of the
fiercest denunciations we have accomplished
the grand work assigned us and received the
applauding voices of our countrymen and the
approval of the civilized world. In the pres-
ent exigencies of the country I trust that
we, unawed by denunciations, will go to the
extreme verge of constitutional power to sup-
press these lawless combinations and protect
our countrymen of the South in their lives,
their persons, and their property, and in the
full exercise of their constitutional rights as
citizens of the United States.
Democratic Senators and Representatives
find no authority in the Constitution for the
enactment of this measure to enforce the four-
teenth amendment. The country will not fail
to note that Democrats when in power found
authority in the Constitution to deny the right
of petition, restrict the freedom of debate,
annex a slaveholding nation by joint resolu-
tion, enact the fugitive slave law, and proclaim
the Dred Scott decision, while they, when
out of power, could never find authority in
that instrument to "coerce" a seceding State,
"subjugate" rebels in arms, abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia, prohibit slavery
in the Territories of the United States, issue
the proclamation of emancipation, amend the
Constitution, or pass that grand series of
measures that made the country free and lifted
a race from chattelhood to the rights and priv-
ileges of American citizenship. They found
for a generation nothing in the Constitution
of their country to hold them back, or to hold
others back, from carrying into execution the
exacting demands of the slaveholding inter-
ests, while they have found during the past
t«n years that that Constitution bristles with
obstacles against any action demanded by the
interests of freedom.
Sir, I see, or I think I see. ample powers in
the fourteenth amendment upon which to base
the legislation proposed by the pending bill.
I concur entirely in the construction put upon
that provision of the fourteenth amendment
by Mr. Btsgjiam, of Ohio, by whom it was
drawn. When gentlemen of eminent ability,
of legal acquisitions, and of large experience
differ, as they have during the great contests
through which the nation has passed, in con-
struing the provisions of the Constitution, I
accept those constructions that contribute to
the preservation of the country and the con-
servation of liberty. I reverence the Consti-
tution, but man is more than constitutions. 1
honor the laws when in harmony with the
higher laws of God, but I reverence and honor
humanity more. Constitutions and laws were
made for man, and should be so framed and
so interpreted as to guard and protect the
rights which the Creator has bestowed.
We, Mr. President, who have stood by the
country during the trials of the last ten years,
