494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
consideration of the bill in regard to the pay-
ment of Mr. Schenek, minister to Great Brit-
ain. The Chair understands that this differs
from the usnal bills suggested for the consid-
eration of the Senate; that it is asked by the
Secretary of State in a letter addressed to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives and
read in that body yesterday. Is there objection
to the consideration of the bill? The Chair
hears none. Shall it be reported again to the
Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported.
The bill (S. No. 311) in relation to the pay-
ment of the salary of Robert C. Schenok, en-
voy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary
of the United States to Great Britain, was read
twice by its title, and in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the bill will be regarded as reported
to the Senate, read the third time 
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I do not object to its
consideration : but it is open to amendment,
I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill then being
before the Senate, I desire 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
consider it, it must certainly be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we might adopt
a very valuable bill as an amendment t.o that,
and let them pass together. I do not wish to
object to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know my friend does
not, but he wishes to add coal and salt, and all
other disputable questions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not all others. I shall
be satisfied with coal alone.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont objects. The bill is open to objection
under the restrictive rule of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 think the Senator from
Illinois, if lie understands it, will not make any
objection to lliis bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly do not object
to the bill. 1 desire it to come up ; but I wish
to offer an amendment to it.
Mr. CAMERON. But that will destroy the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask this, and then we
shall hear what my friend from Illinois says:
I ask unanimous consent that this bill may be
read a third time as it is and put upon its pas-
sage as it is.
The V1CE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent that this bill
be read the third time and putupon its passage
as it stands. Is there objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move an
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects.
Mr. SHERMAN. Everybody knows pre-
cisely the condition of this matter. General
Schenck is here on public duty, and it is not
reasonable to ask him to stay here and not be
able to draw his salary. I hope, therefore,
that everybody will see the propriety of pass-
ing the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
knows as well as 1 that more than two thirds
of the House of Representatives and a large
majority of the Senate are in favor of relieving
the people of certain hurdens that are imposed
upon them, and that we cannot get a vote upon
it in the Senate. Now, let the Senator allow a
bill to bo voted upon that a majority of the Sen-
ate is for, and not seek to carry bills through
by unanimous consent and then refuse unan-
imous consent in other cases. I do not ask
unanimous consent. If theSenatewill remove
its rule and let us have a distinct vote on ques-
tions in which the public are interested, it is
all I desire.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can reply is that if
I have a hobby I do not want to ride it to the
injury of all the public business and to the
detriment even of personal" inteiests. This
bill is plainly and manifestly just. General
Schenck is here performing the highest service
to the Government. He is not a gentleman
of fortune so that he can live without his pay.
I think, as a matter of courtesy, we ought to
give him the pay allowed him by law. That
is all the bill proposes. As to the question of
repealing the duty on coal, I do not believe a
majority of the Senate would put that on as
an amendment to this bill if they had the
opportunity.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope we
shall go on with the regular order. I object
to any other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] is entitled to the floor
on the regular order.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to claim
it to prevent the passage of this bill, for I am
certainly willing that the bill should pass ; but
I should like to make one inquiry. The defi-
ciency appropriation bill passed the House
of Representatives, came to the Senate, was
amended, and has gone back to the House.
Now, what is to prevent the making of an
appropriation in that bill to -pay General
Schenck his salary ?
Mr. PATTERSON. This does not ask for
any deficiency. The appropriation has already
been made. It is only giving General Schenck
the privilege of drawing the money which is
lying in the Treasury ready to be paid.
Mr. THURM AN. Why cannot that be done
by an amendment put on the deficiency bill?
Amendments have been put on that bill far
more irrelevant than that. Why can it not be
done in the other House ? I think that is the
simplest way.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to remind the
Senator that the deficiency bill is no longer
open to amendment. It has left the Senate, and
probably we shall next hear of it in a commit-
tee of conference, and a committee of confer-
ence, as I understand, cannot act on a propo-
sition like this, which has not been discussed
in either House.
Mr. THURMAN. There is a difference of
opinion about that. Some committees of con-
ference at least have adhered to the old rule
that a committee of conference should con-
fine itself to the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses ; but I have never been upon a com-
mittee of conference where the members on
the*part of the House did not insist that they
could tarn the hill into anything they pleased.
However, I do not wish to be understood as
opposing the consideration of this bill if it can
be voted upon ; but if the amendment indi-
cated by the Senator from Illinois is to be
offered, that will give rise to a debate which
will be endless. If the bill can be voted on
without any amendment being offered, I will
cheerfully give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make one
remark to the Senator from Ohio before he
sits down, which is that there is no difficulty in
amending the appropriation bill in the House
of Representatives. It is entirely competent
for them to agree to any of our amendments
with amendments. We have amended the ap-
propriation bill and sent it back to the House
of Representatives; the House can now, in the
House, without any committee of conference,
propose any amendment to our amendments
it thinks proper.
Mr. THURMAN. That is precisely what
I thought.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it will be found
that that is the easiest way to get at this
thing.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me the Sen-
ator from Illinois has given up the objection
he made, and appears now desirous that this
little bill should pass ; and it would be very
strange if he did not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not objected to
the bill. I said I want it to come up. but I
wish to pass something else.
Mr. CAMERON. But if you cannot do
that, why object to this?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I can do it.
Mr. CAMERON. One law now provides for
this gentleman getting his pay as minister to
England; another law prevents him receiving
pay for another office while he is holding that
position. The consequence is that the poor
man gets nothing. Now, can there be any
objection to passing this bill? It can pass in
a moment, and then the Senator from Illinois
can bring up his coffee, sugar, and coal, &c.,
on some other occasion. I am sure he would
not like to have General Schenck deprived
of the means of living here in this city while
employed in the public service. I think the
Senator from Illinois has agreed to withdraw
his objeclion, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will depend
on the Senator from Illinois stating that fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall move an amend-
ment if the bill comes up ; I am not objecting
to the bill. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois declines to accept the condition sug-
gested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not make any
objection to the bill; I ask that it come ud.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, I have objected to the consideration of
this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects, which brings up the regular
order, on which the Senator from Ohio is enti-
tled to the floor. The Chair stated so a few
moments since, but the Senator from Ohio
himself yielded for a further colloquy on this
other subject.
SENATORS PROM ALABAMA AND GEORGIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on PriviIeges and Elections:
Resolved, That George Goldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take seats in this body
upon taking the proper oaths; and that .the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections proceed hereafter
to consider the grounds on which their rights to
seats respectively are contested, and hereafter mako
reports to the Senate thereon.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, when this
subject was before theSenate,nearly two weeks
ago, I submitted nearly everything that I wished
to say in the opening of the case for the con-
sideration of the Senate. I regret that the
lapse of time must necessarily have caused the
statement of the case I made then to have
passed from the recollection of some who heard
it. Besides, a number of Senators who are
now present were then absent and may not
therefore understand this case. My sole object
is to enable the Senate to understand what
the case is, because if it is once understood I
am quite sure there can be no difference of
opinion upon it.
Here is a resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Privilegesand Elections, i will read
the report and the resolution to the Senate:
The Committee on Privileges and Election!., lu
whom were referred tbecredentinlsofGeorge Gold-
thwaite, claiming a seat in this body as a Senator
from the State of Alabama, and the credentials of
roster Blodgetf, claiming a seat in this body as a
Senator irom the State of Geoigia, ronort:
Thatsaid credentials are in due form, ami jir'md
facie entitle said Goldthwaite arid Blodgett to ibeir
seats, upon taking the oalh prescribed by the Con-
stitution and laws, neither of them being under any
disability.
The grounds on which their rights to seats are con-
tested have not been fully considered by the com-
mittee for want of time, nor will there be sufficient
time at this session to consider them. In the opinion
of your committee it would bo unjust to those States
and gentlemen to keep the latter out of their seats
until such investigation can be had.
