1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
The committee therefore report the following res-
°^liesolvedt That George Goldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take seats in this body upon
taking the proper oaths ; and that the Committee on
Privileges and Elections proceed hereafter to con-
sider the grounds on which their rights to seats, re-
spectively, are contested, and hereafter make reports
to thoSenate thereon. ^ M_ gTEWART
0. P. MORTON,
H. HAMLIN,
B. F. RICE.
Vie concur in the foregoing as to Goldthwaito, but
not as to Blodgett. JOSIIUA IIILL,
A. a. TIITJKMAN.
That resolution is entirely sui generis. No
such resolution was ever before offered in the
Senate by any committee in any election case,
a resolution in reference to two persons claim-
ing seats in this body and claiming to be elected
from different States. Such a thing as that
being wholly unknown to the usages of the
Senate or to parliamentary law, 1 demanded a
division of the question, and submitted some
remarks in support of my proposition that it
is capable of division. Those remarks, of
course, were addressed to the Chair, by whom
the question must, in the first instance, be
decided whether it is divisible or not. 1
do not propose to go over that ground again.
I have no doubt that the Chair remembers
what I said upon that occasion, and at the
proper time I shall ask for a decision upon
the question whether or not this resolution is
divisible.
But now I come to the merits of the case.
As I said before 
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Would the Sen-
ator prefer to have the decision of the Chair
now, and address his remarks to it, as the Chair
has the authorities here?
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it will not
interrupt the Senator, the Chair will state his
decision now, because it may be the subject of
debate in the Senate.
The Chair rules that, in his opinion, this
resolution is susceptible of division, but not
perhaps in the way the Senator from Ohio
desires. It has in it two distinct substantive
propositions, divided by a semicolon :
llesolved, That George Goldthwaito and Foster
Blodgett be pel mittt d to take scats in ibis body upon
takingtho proper oath;—
That clearly could stand by itself; and then
the resolution proceeds with a second propo-
sition:—■
and that the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions proceed hereafter to consider the grounds on
which their rights to seats, respectively, are con-
tested, and hereafter make reports to tU  Senate
thereon.
This alone is a substantive proposition which
could stand by itself if the other were rejected,
though it might require more precision in lan-
guage before its final adoption.
The Chair concurs with the Senator from
Ohio in his remark some time since, that it
does not need that either part of a resolution
sought to be divided on the demand of any
member shall be strictly grammatical ; but it
must be substantive, so as to stand by itself,
the other being taken away or rejected; and
therefore the conjunctive and disjunctive words
"and" and "or" are always excluded from the
consideration of presiding officers in determin-
ing whether resolutions can be divided, as they
are used simply to connect together the various
substantial parts of a sentence which may be
divided. The Senator from Ohio, however,
as the Chair understands, desires this resolu-
tion to be divided by separating the cases of
Goldthwaite and Blodgett. The Chair must,
therefore, to carry out the idea of the Senator,
ask him to divide this resolution as it stands
into two distinct and substantive propositions,
either of which being rejected the other can
stand by itself. Jefferson's Manual lays down
the rule in regard to this matter in much terser
and. more precise language - than the Chair
could use, on page 210 of the Digest used by
the Senate :
"A question to bo divisible must comprehend
points so distinct and entire that one of them being
taken away the other may stand entire."
This has always been the ruling with regard
to a division sought to be made by the demand
of a single member. Of course it does not
exclude the power of amending by a majority
of the Senate; and it is rather a striking fact
that there have been two cases in the British
Parliament, one about a hundred years ago
and the other two hundred and thirty years
ago, involving almost exactly the same ques-
tion that is involved in the present instance.
On the 2d of December, 1610, a question arose
in the British House of Commons as to the
case of two persons elected to represent the
esunty of Worcester. A singl^ member de-
manded that the resolution reported in regard
to them should be divided so that each case
should be voted upon separately; but it was
ruled then that it required the order of the
House of Commons to divide the resolution,
that the division could not be made by the
demand of a single member. That case is thus
referred to in a note to 2 Hatsell, page 86:
"On the 2d of Deeomber, 1640, on the question for
making void the election of the knights of tho shiro
for the county of Worcester, a question was made
whether there should be two questions made of it or
one. Resolved, there should be two. This instance
is referred to in Lex Parliainontaria, page 291, where
it is said: 'If aquestion upon adebatecontain more
parts than one, and tho members seem to be for ono
part and not for the other, it maybe moved that tho
same may be divided into two or more questions.' "
One hundred and thirty years afterward the
question again came up, in regard to an elec-
tion of persons from another shire in England;
and Hatsell, in the second volumo of his prece-
dents, page 85, which ■the Chair will hand to
the Senator from OliW, states, as the ruling
of that case, upon a Remand made such as is
now made by the Senator from Ohio in regard
to the persons named in this resolution, as
follows:
"When a question is complicated, that is, consists
of two or more propositions, it has been often said
that it is the ' right' of any one member to havo it
divided, that he may give his opinion upon each
proposition separately. This is a very favorito topic
with Mr. Gronvillo, and often repeated by him, and
at la«t insisted upon so much, in the question about
the Middlesex election, on the 16th of Fobruary, 1770,
that it was thought necessary to take the sense of the
house upon it, which was done by a question, and
carried in the negative, on the 19tli of February; so
that this matter is now at rost. Upon this occasion
overy thing was urged that could be said in favor of
the doctrine a5 laid down by Mr. ftrcnville."
And the proceedings, which the Chair will
not read, show that there was an election of
more than one person from a comity, as to
which undoubtedly, although the Chair is not
advised upon that, there was some difference
as to their votes or as to the circumstances of
the election. Mr. Grenviile demanded that
the cases should be separated, that all the
points involved should not be put together in
the resolution, bat that the House of Commons
should vote upon each point separately.
Hatsell, in a note, page 86, gives another
precedent, as follows:
"See a debate upon this point, in the House of
Lords, on the 21st of February, 1731, m which Lord
Bathurst insists upon tho right of every lord to
have tho question separated, but is compelled by tho
house to move it as an amendment.—Lord's DtbaUs.
vol. 4, p. 392."
It was thus decided in 1770, after a thorough
debate, as it had been decided previously with
regard to the election of the two members in
the county of Worcester, and in the House of
Lords in 1734, that it was not the right of a
single member to have a resolution of this kind
separated, but that it required an order of the
house to have it separated. These cases are
referred to in section thirty-six of Jefferson's
Manual, which the Chair has already lead;
and Mr. Jefferson concludes with this sum-
ming up of the matter :
"A question tu be divisible must comprehend
points sn distinct and entire thu.t one of them being
taken away the other may stand entire."
And that has been, so far as the Chair is
informed, the ruling of all presiding officers in
Congress throughout its entire history. Of
course, the end desired can be reached by
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I have so much respect
for the learning and judgment of the Chair on
these questions that 1 have no idea of appeal-
ing from the decision, and especially as the
object which I have can be attained by moving
to strike out the name of Mr. Blodgett. And
if no'one else shall make that motion at the
proper time I will make it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
entertain the motion now and it can be regarded
as pending.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; but I under-
stood the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] to
say it was his intention to move it. It may
be considered as made by the Senator from
Georgia now.
Mr. President, coming then to the merits of
this matter, here are two gentlemen presenting
commissions from the Governors of their States
respectively, or what is in the nature of a com-
mission, the certificates of the Governors of
their States respectively, that they have been
elected to seats in this body ; and, as I said the
other day—and I hope I may be pardoned for
a repetition to some extent for the reasons I
have already stated—there is no instance in the
history of the Senate in which a Senator has
been prevented from taking his seat who pre-
sented the proper credentials and it appeared
that he was elected by the proper Legislature.
Those two facts appearing—first, that he was
elected by the proper constituency ; and, sec-
ond, that he had the proper evidence of his
election—he has always been permitted to take
his seat, and if his right to it were contested
that was made the subject of subsequent inquiry.
That has been the usage of the Senate, without
one single exception, from the formation of the
Government down to this time.
As 1 said, the case of Thomas of Maryland
is no exception to that rule, beeause ihere
Thomas was not allowed to take his seat, upon
the ground that he could not take the oath of
office required of a Senator upon taking his
seat; so that that makes no exception to the
general rule.
Therefore, if in this case each of these Sen-
ators was elected by a proper Legislature, then
I admit, their credentials being in proper form,
they must take their seats, and any contest of
their right to seats must be the subject of sub-
sequent investigation; and that for the plain-
est reason in the world, because it would be
manifest injustice to a State, upon the mere
protest of anybody, however respectable, to
keep that Slate unrepresented iti this body.
Every man who presents evidence which makes
a prima facie case is entitled to all the rights,
privileges, and immunities that belong to that
case until the contrary is shown. The burden
is upon those who assert the contrary; and
until that prima facie case be overthrown by
sufficient evidence or upon a sufficient investi-
gation he is entitled to his seat. There is no
question about that._
Now, applying this rule to Goldthwaite let
us see how the case stands with him. .He pre-
sents credentials that your committee find, and
that are in fact, in proper form, the certificate
of the Governor of his State pursuant to the
act of Congress passed in relation to the time
and manner of electing Senators. There is
no question about his credentials. Then, in
the next place, was he elected by a proper
Legislature? That only requires us to go into
this investigation: was he elected by a Legis-
lature that was competent to pass laws? And
nobody disputes that. That there was a legal
Legislature in the State of Alabama, a Legisla-
ture competent to enact any law, a Legislature
competent to elect Senators, nobody disputes.
The ground of objection to Mr. Goldthwaite's
seat is not that there was not a legal Legisla-
ture, but that some one or more votes that
were given for him were given by persons not
