1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
42d Con®....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendmenl-
-Mr^JIolman.
Ho. of Reps.
are not only denounced by Democratic poli-
ticians and presses as violators of the Consti-
tution but as the advocates of arbitrary and
oppressive .measures. The honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbtjky,] in his
accusations against Republican Senators and
Representatives, says to us, "History will
write you down asunjust oppressors." Unjust
oppressors 1 Republicans unjust oppressors I
Whom have we oppressed? Every blow we
have struck at the men who plunged the coun-
try into the fire and hlood of civil war to per-
petuate slavery and the rule of slave-masters
was struck in behalf of country, liberty, justice,
humanity. Every restriction put upon them
has been, not for punishment, nor for venge-
ance, but for the protection of the poor and
the lowly. Every restraint put upon them was
avowedly intended to be temporary in its char-
acter. When equal rights for all are assured,
when law and order are secured, as I trust
they soon will be, all restraints and disabilities
will be cheerfully removed by the general voice
of the country.
Sir, I would remind the honorable Senator
from Delaware that the champions of popular
rights in the Old World, whose words are to
us the voices of the advancing future, have
sent to us across the waves during the struggles
of the last ten years words of inspiration and
hope, of cheer and approval. These cham-
pions of humanity have assured us in the words
of Laboulaye, thegreatFrench Liberal, that we
Republicans hold in our hands the " future of
civilization;" that our success "involves the
triumph of liberty and equality throughout the
world." We are and have been conscious that
the present age and the coming ages will apply
.to us the infallible tests of love of country and
devotion to the rights of man. By those exact-
ing standards we are content to abide the ver-
dict of the patriotic, the liberty-loving, the
just, and the humane of the living present and
of the ages yet to be.
Sir, to the honorable Senator from Delaware,
who oracularly announces what the verdict of
history upon the acts of Republicans is to be,
I have to say that history judges political organ-
izations and public men by their deeds. The
modern Democratic party came into power in
1829, forty-two years ago, and continued in
power most of the time for thirty years ; the
period allowed by the consent of mankind to
one of our generations. History must record
that American slavery, which reduced man,
created in the divine image, to property, con-
verted a being endowed with conscience, rea-
son, affections, sympathies, and hopes, into a
chattel, constituted a system antagonistic to
the doctrines of reason and the monitions of
conscience, and developed and gratified the
most intense spirit of personal pride, the love
of class distinctions, and the lust of dominion.
History must record, too, that when the Dem-
ocratic party assumed the reins of Govern-
ment, the sensitive, jealous, proscriptive, dom-
inating, and aggressive slave power swayed the
councils of the nation. It must record the
fact that the Democratic party was dominated
by its interests and ambitions, maddening pas-
sions and cruel prejudices ; that, alike in vic-
tory or in defeat, it ostentatiously gloried in
its obsequious subserviency to its all-exacting
demands. Yes, sir, history must write it down
for condemnation and admonition that the
Democratic party elove down for years in Con-
gress the sacred right of petition and the free-
dom of speech; annexed Texas "to give," in
the words of Hamilton, the great slaveholder
of South Carolina, "a Gibraltar to the South,"
and "to add," in the language of Henry A.
Wise, " more weight to her end of the beam
rejected the application of the Wilmot proviso
to free territory won by war from Mexico;
opened the free Territories of Utah and New
42d Coira-. 1st Sess.—No. 17.
Mexico to fettered bondmen; gave thousands
of square miles of free territory to slavehold-
ing Texas, and with it millions of dollars; en-
acted the fugitive slave code of inhumanities;
indorsed the unholy compromise of 1850; re-
pealed the Missouri compromise that secured
hundreds of thousands of square miles of terri-
tory for free labor and free laboring men ; sus-
tained the border-ruffian invaders of Kansas,
and their legislation establishing slavery; sup-
ported the Lecompton constitution, the product
of fraud and violence; applauded the Dred Seott
decision; proclaimed the delusion of squatter
sovereignty, and the right of slave-masters to
take their bondmen into the Territories, and
be protected there by national authority; sanc-
tioned the Crittenden compromise, by which the
nation, by irrepealable constitutional ameffd-
ments, was to recognize slavery south of the
old Missouri compromise line, allow slave-
masters to take their slaves into and through
the free States, take from men of African
descent citizenship and suffrage, and deny to
Congress the power to abolish slavery in the
nation's capital.
When history shall trace on its immortal
pages the record of the acts of the Democratic
party in support of the wickedest system of
bondage the sun ever shone upon, coming gen-
erations as they read that story will wonder
how men who did such deeds for a relentless
despotism were ever impudent enough to ar-
raign any portion of their eountry men for want
of fidelity to liberty.
Let us contrast, Mr. President, witii this
inglorious Democratic record the bright record
of the Republican party. It came into power
ten years ago under the lead of Abraham Lin-
coln. It found an armed slaveholders' rebel-
lion and a dismembered Union. History must
record the glorious fact, for the study and
admiration of after-times, that the Republican
party was inspired by patriotism and liberty ;
that it crushed rebellion by the hand of war,
and gave freedom to millions of countrymen in
bondage. Yes, sir, history must record that
the Republicans, denounced in this Chamber
as " unjust oppressors," made free slaves used
by rebels for military purposes; forbade offi-
cers of the Army to return fugitives seeking the
protection of the national flag; abolished slavery
in the District of Columbia and annulled its
inhuman slave code ; prohibited slavery in the
national Territories; repealed the fugitive slave
act; gave freedom to bondmen captured by the
armies ; recognized the independence of Hayti
and Liberia; enrolled black men to fight the
battles of their country, and freed their wives
and children ; sustained President Lincoln's
proclamation of emancipation; created the
Freedmen's Bureau for the protection and
education of emancipated bondmen; extended
suffrage to colored men in the District of
Columbia and in the Territories; enacted the
civil rights bill, securing to black men the
full and equal benefit of all laws for the pro-
tection of life and property, and the recon-
struction measures, securing suffrage to three
quarters of a million black men ; adopted the
thirteenth constitutional amendment forever
abolishiug slavery throughout the land, the
fourteenth amendment providing that no per-
son shall be denied the equal protection ;oi
the laws, the fifteenth amendment guarantying
suffrage to the colored race; passed the grea't
act to enforce the fifteenth amendment, and
several other acts, each and all tending to
secure personal liberty and to guard the rights
and privileges of a race which had borne cen-
turies of oppression.
Sir. with this record of brilliant deeds and
glorious achievements Republicans may go
right straight forward and onward undeterred
by denunciations, here or elsewhere, confident
that they will receive, as tiiey have heretofore,
the generous trust and unfaltering support of
the people, the approval of their own con-
sciences, and of the liberal, progressive, and
generous spirits of other lands, the irreversible
verdict of history, the admiration of advanc-
ing generations, and the blessing of that Being
who bids us remember those in bonds as bound
with them, and do unto others as we would
they should do unto us.
I trust, Mr. President, that this Congress
will add the bill now pending to the long series
of enactments of the last five Congresses for
the freedom of all, for justice to all, and for
the protection of all. Its enactment will, I am.
confident, contribute something to the restora-
tion of order and the security of property, of
person, and of life. Nothing, however, that
Congress can do will give complete protec-
tion to the freedmen or their friends. Slavery
wrought in the South a terrible work of de-
moralization. It not only left the traces of its
ruinous power upon the face of that fair land,
but it left its scars upon society. It perverted
reason, deadened conscience, and stained the
soul. It quickened and intensified the baser
passions of human nature. It impaired the dig-
nity and sacredness of humanity and cheap-
ened human life. It weaponed the hand of
violence with whip and knife and revolver.
Inferiors, whether slave or free, black or
white, were often smitten with impunity.
Equals rushed headlong into deadly encoun-
ters or the duel. Thousands who have lashed
and scarred the poor, the weak, and the help-
less, or who have taken life by the hand of
violence, are now at large, boasting of their
lawlessness and crime. Instead of being con-
victed as felons, imprisoned, or ignominiously
executed upon the gallows, many of these
criminals, weaponed for violence, swagger and
strut through the streets, admired and ap-
plauded for their chivalric bearing. The re-
port of the adjutant general of Texas, who is
chief also of the State police force, shows that
a few months ago there were more than seven
hundred known .murderers, many of whom
had committed from two to seven murders,
and more than four hundred criminals who
have made assaults with intent to kill, at large,
in about four fifths of the counties of that
State. Thi3 official report illustrates the de-
plorable condition of large portions of the
southern country. It shows the prevalence
and magnitude of crime, and the neglect of
the authorities to enforce the laws. Educa-
tion and moral culture, aided by good laws
and their faithful enforcement, and the healing
influences of time are needed to restore order
to that portion of our country and give pro-
tection to our countrymen.
Enforcement of fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
or indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 4, 1871.
Tho House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. \~o. 320) to enforce tho provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: I am not willing that if shall
be stated that members on this side of the House
oppose this bill because they are indifferent
to the disorder and violence alleged to exist in
the South, without an unequivocal denial. The
attempt to make such an impression on the
country is disingenuous and unjustifiable. The
truth is, that with a full knowledge of all the
facts which are now known, an overwhelm-
ing majority of the House, a majority of the
