260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. ob Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Holman.
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
•which we had passed public attention would •
have been arrested at the idea of conferring
such power upon the Federal Government.
The people who so bravely supported the Fed-
eral power in the struggle for the Union never
intended that the domestic governments of the
States should be stricken down. They know,
sir, that their liberties rest only secure in the
just balance of political power.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it disturb the gen-
tleman if I ask him a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to put an
inquiry to the gentleman; and I do so can-
didly for the purpose of information. Has my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] been able
to discover, from the arguments or statements
of the gentlemen who have spoken in favor
of this bill, the line or boundary dividing or
marking the jurisdiction of the Federal and
the State governments? Or whether, in their
view, the Federal Government may not assume
jurisdiction of all offenses against the rights
of persons and property, to the entire exclu-
sion of the State governments? Has any gen-
tleman in favor of this bill given to this House
or to him any idea of a limit beyond which the
Federal Government may not go to the exclu-
sion of the heretofore conceded jurisdiction of
the States in the redress of the violation of the
rightsof person and property? I mustconfess
I have not been able to understand them.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question of my friend
from Wisconsin is a very pertinent one. The
record of this debate will answer the question.
No attempt has been made by the friends of
this bill' to draw a line of demarkation between
the powers of the Federal Government and
those of the States in regard to legislation
affecting life, liberty, and property. It is man-
ifest the gentlemen recognize no such limit.
I have heard no attempt to define the limit
between Federal and State jurisdiction. If
Congress possesses the power to legislate at
ull by virtue of the limitations imposed on
States by this first section of the fourteenth
amendment, it seems impossible to define any
limit on the jurisdiction of Congress or the
Federal courts with respect to measures of
legislation affecting the great and varj^l sub-
nent. The leg!
jects of domestic government,
tion of Congress, we all concede, must be
carried into effect through the agencies of the
Federal Government. Any law enacted by
Congress, except where it creates executive
power, finds the agency of its enforcements
in the Federal courts, not in State tribunals.
The tenth section of the first article of the
Constitution is devoted to limitations on the
States. Such limitations were necessary, for
otherwise all power not delegated to the United
States might have been exercised by States:
"Tho powors not delegated to tho United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are roserved to tho (States respectively, or to the
people."
Among these limitations on the States are
the following: no State shall " pass any bill of
attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing
the obligation of contracts, or grant any title
of nobility." Did anybody ever pretend that
these limitations on States conferred legisla-
tive power on Congress? 1 deny that Con-
gress has hitherto ever asserted such power,
or that the opinion of any statesman can be
quoted in support of such an assumption.
No, sir; the wnnin of (lie first section of
the fourteenth amendment do not confer legis-
lative power on Congress in respect to the
domestic affairs of States. It is only by "the
perfidious art of definition" that you can
wrest such power from these negative provis-
ions ; I he art by which power brushes away the
safeguards of public liberty; by which, as the
students of history will remember, Augustus
Caesar, while religiously maintaining the rigid
forms of the Roman republic, laid the found-
ations of imperial Home. And we are told
by the historian that these symbols and forms
of the aneient liberty were still maintained
when in the grasp of the Roman empire the
nations had even ceased sighing to be free."
But, sir, there is a final argument in support
of the proposition that the fourteenth amend-
ment was not intended to confer on Congress
the great powers now claimed, the force of
which no man can deny. When this four-
teenth article was first submitted to Congress
the language of this first section was as fol-
lows:
"Article —. The Congress shall have power to
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper to
secure to the citizens of each State all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States; and
to all persons in the several States equal protection
in tho rights of life, liberty, and property."—Globe,
February 14,1866.
Here this vast grant of legislative power now
claimed was proposed to be expressly granted,
and the House promptly rejected the proposi-
tion because it conferred this unlimited legis-
lative power on Congress in the domestic affairs
of States. But, sir, independent of any con-
stitutional question, does the condition of pub-
lic affairs require or justify the startling in-
crease of power proposed to be conferred by
section three of this bill on the President of
the United States? The Constitution provides
that—
"Tho United States shall guaranty to evety State
in this Union aropublioan form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
the application of the Legislature, or of tho Execu-
tive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,)
against domestic violence."
This, like every other provision of the Con-
stitution, is clear and direct, and yet in a com-
plicated and ambiguous section, admitting of
varied interpretations, you authorize the Pres-
ident "to take such measures by the employ-
ment of the militia or the land and naval forces
of the United States, or of either, or by other
means, as he may deem necessary for the
suppression of such insurrection, domestic
violence, or combination ;" and you confer
on him the sole power to determine when an
insurrection exists in a State justifying this
employment of the Army and Navy. You
authorize him to employ the Army and Navy
to suppress what he may deem to be domestic
violence, although no application is made to
him by either the Legislature or Executive of
the State. Is this authorized by the Constitu-
tion ? What is the meaning of all this? For
what purpose does the President wish more
power? The law of 1795, approved by Wash-
ington, conferring upon the President the con-
stitutional power to employ the militia to pro-
tect the States from insurrection and domestic
violence when called upon by the Legislature
or Executive of a State, and to enforce in all
cases the laws of the United States, is still in
force.
The law of August, 1861, approved by Presi-
dent Lincoln for the same purpose and reen-
acting the law of 1795, is still in force. These
laws confer on the President of the United
States every constitutional power in the em-
ployment of the Army and Navy, when called
upon under the provision of the Constitution,
and for the enforcement of the,laws of the
United States in all cases. These two laws
have been deemed to confer sufficient power
on the President through the long period from
1795 to 1871—seventy-six years. And now,
after you have decided time and again in the
last twenty days that the condition of affairs
did not require further legislation, you propose
to enact a law at the dictation of the President
which invests him with more absolute dis-
cretionary power than was ever before pos-
sessed by the Chief Executive of a Republic.
Under color of such a law there is no limit to
executive power. Neither Washington nor
Madison, nor Jackson nor Lincoln, all of whom
were Presidents in periods of public disorder,
ever suggested an enlargement of the powers
of the Chief Magistrate*.
But if this yielding compliancy of Congress
in proposing the enactment of this third sec-
tion excites a just indignation, what shall be
said of the fourth section of this bill ?
I cannot believe, sir, that Congress will be
so unmindful of the value of public liberty as
to enact this provision. By virtue of this sec-
tion, whenever in the judgment of the Presi-
dent any State of the Union is not properly
protecting the rights of its people, and, in
his judgment, the public safety requires it, he
may declare such State in rebellion, "suspend
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus"
and "declare and enforce martial law." This
section and the preceding section, which au-
thorizes him to employ the militia, Army, and
Navy against such State at his own discretion,
do in fact give to the President the color of
law for any and every act of absolute power
in interfering in the affairs of States. Here,
sir, the limitations and restraints so carefully
gathered around the great office of President
in the fundamental law of the land and the in-
alienable rights of personal liberty are broken
down, and upon his discretion alone rest the
guarantees of liberty—guarantees which are the
crowning glory of the Constitution. "Declare
and enforce martial law!" That law, sir,
before which constitutions and statutes and
bills of rights are silent, for martial law is the
will of the Commander-in-Chief.
It is vain to say that both the third and fourth
sections provide conditions on which the mili-
tia, Army, and Navy may be employed and
the writ of habeas corpus suspended and mar-
tial law proclaimed, for you make the Presi-
dent of the United States the sole judge of the
conditions on which these vast and final pow-
ers of absolute government shall be assumed.
The great writ of personal liberty first wrested
from an unwilling king at the point of the bay-
onet is, by the Constitution, especially confided
to the protection of Congress, and Congress
alone can suspend it, Congress alone can judge
of the necessity for its suspension. In enumer-
ating the powers of Congress the Constitution
declares:
"The privileges of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not Lie suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
Congress alone can determine, even in case
of rebellion or invasion, whether trhe public
safety requires the suspension of the writ.
Judge Story, the great expounder of constitu-
tional law, writing in the year 1833, says:
"The right to suspend it is expressly confined to
casesof rebellion orinvasion,where the public safety
may require it. A very j ust and wholesome restraint,
which cuts down at ablowafruitfulmeansof oppres-
sion, capable of being abused in bad times to tho
worst of purposes. Hitherto no suspension of the
writ has been authorized by Congress since the estab-
lishment of the Constitution, it would seem, as the
power is given to Congress to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus m cases of rebellion or invasion, that
the right to judge whether exigency had arisen must
exclusively belong to that body."—Story's Commen-
taries on the Constitution of the United States, vol. 3,
pages 208, 209.
"The right to judge whether exigency had
arisen must exclusively belong" to Congress,
andyet by this bill you propose to abdicate this
great duty of judging whether the public safety
requires the suspension of the writ, and put the
highest constitutional right of every citizen at
the discretion of the President. Is the discre-
tion of the President to be the only tenure by
which the American citizen holds the sacred
right of personal liberty ? As the best possi-
ble security to liberty the framers of the Con-
stitution cautiously divided the powers of Gov-
ernment into three departments, the legislative,
executive, and judicial, and for greater security
made thejudges independent of the Executive by
giving them a life tenure to office. Our fathers
