498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pril 6,
that is precisely the case with regard to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. He holds the office of
Senator of the United States, not under the
constitution of Tennessee, but under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and all the peo-
ple of Tennessee put together have no power
to take away from him the vested right he has
to that office under the Constitution because
they cannot abolish that Constitution, and they
cannot legislate him out of that office at all.
He cannot lose that office except by expulsion
from the Senate by a vote of two thirds of this
body, by resignation, or by death.
And now, once more, I say that the right of
the Senator from Tennessee is based on this
very act of Congress, for he was elected by the
Legislature that was bound by this act to make
the election, the very Legislature that this act
required should make it, and the only one that
could make it; a Legislature which, if it had
not proceeded to the election in pursuance of
this act, would have been derelict in its duty.
He was elected by that Legislature, in strict
conformity to this act, at the time prescribed
by this act; and under the Constitution of the
United States and under the provisions of this
act his right to his seat became vested the
moment he was elected, and all the people of
Tennessee together could not deprive him of
that right.
That is a wholly different case from this.
There is no analogy whatever between that
case and this. The Senator from 'Tennessee
was elected, as I have said, by the proper
Legislature at the time he was elected, that
Legislature which, according to the constitu-
tion of the State, was the proper Legislature
to elect him, and was elected at the proper
time. Blodgett was elected by a Legislature
which, according * to the constitution of his
State, had no right to elect him at all, and he
■was not elected even by that Legislature at the
time prescribed in the act of Congress. So
there is no analogy between the cases.
With this opening of the matter, I shall not
occupy the floor any longer from the Senator
from New Jersey.
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator from
New Jersey proceeds, I want to make some
arrangement for the continuance of this sub-
ject after he is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from New Jersey yield to the Senator
from Nevada ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. For that pur-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey, who is entitled to the floor, yields
to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
understood, by unanimous consent, that we
shall proceed with this subject after the Sen-
ator from New Jersey shall have concluded
his remarks, if there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks unanimous consent that at the
conclusion of the remarks of the Senator from
New Jersey on the concurrent resolution this
question of privilege shall be resumed.
Mr. PRATT. 1 object to that proposition.
I had designed, after the Senator from New
Jersey concluded his remarks, to submit some
observations myself on the same general sub-
ject to the Senate ; and I hope I shall be per-
mitted to do so to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana states that he desires to occupy the
floor at the conclusiou of the remarks of the
Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. STEWART. Then I will make another
proposition, for I am very desirous of disposing
of this subject. I propose that it be taken up
to-morrow and be continued until disposed of.
Mr. TIPTON. I object to that, for the morn-
ing hour to-morrow, I understand, has been
assigned to the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that to-morrow, at the conclusion
of the reading of the Journal, the Senator from
Vermont has unanimous consent to speak on
another subject.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is not likely
that the remarks of the Senator from Indiana
and myself will occupy a great deal of time
to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevadaasks unanimous consent that after the
remarks of the two Senators this question
of privilege may be resumed. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot make an agree-
ment of that kind. My own opinion is that this
privileged question ought not to be decided at
this session, and I do not, therefore, like to
agree to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects.
Mr. STEWART. I shall be compelled at
some time, in duty to the committee, who have
urged me to proceed with this matter, to move
to postpone other business and take this up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not make the motion now, because the Sena-
tor from New Jersey is upon the floor at this
moment, but at some other time it can tfe
made.
Mr. STEWART. After the conclusion of
the remarks of these two Senators I shall try
to antagonize it against everybody and every-
thing by a vote of the Senate, until I am satis-
fied the Senate wish to lay it aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada gives notice that after the two
speeches on the concurrent resolution to-day,
and also the speech of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] which he has unani-
mous consent to make to-morrow, he will an-
tagonize this resolution, reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections, against all
other business. The Senator from New Jersey
will now proceed with his remarks.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 213) to authorize the issu-
ing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna; and
A bill (H. R. No. 330) to issue an American
register to the brig A. L. Palmer.
petition.
Mr. PRATT. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, I desire to present the
memorial of Albert Grant, who prays compen-
sation for materials furnished and money ex-
pended for the construction of afire-proof store-
house at the Schuylkill arsenal, near Philadel-
phia. I pray its reference to the Committee
on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a petition
which, by the restrictive rule, is required to be
laid on the table. The Senator from Indiana
asks unanimous consent that this petition may
be referred to the Committee on Claims. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none, and
the petition is so referred.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 4th
instant approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (S. No. 220) authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint commissioners to examine and
report upon the Sutro tunnel, in the State of
Nevada ;
An act (S. No. 296) granting a pension to
Phoebe Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield ; and
An act (S. No. 88) to amend an act entitled
"An act to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts." •
house bills.
The bill (H. R. No. 213) to authorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna, and the bill (II. R. No.
330) to issue an American register to the brig
A. L. Palmer, ware severally read a first time,
and ordered to lie on the table.
joist committee on southern disorders.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the concurrent resolution of the Sen -
ate for the appointment of a joint committee
to inquire into the condition of affairs in the
late insurrectionary States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
there is great diversity of opinion as to the
condition of the lately insurrectionary States;
a difference of opinion as to the extent of the
disorder and as to its cause.
In common with those who feel a concern
for the welfare of the nation, I am interested
in the subject-matter before the Senate. But,
before proceeding to submit the remarks that
I shall make, I desire, respectfully but firmly,
to repel the general charge, so freely and so
frequently _ made, that the agitation of this
subject is in aid of the Republican party. On
the contrary, if we were engaged in political
trickery and jugglery, it is very patent that
the game would be to let violence and outrage
have full reign, to have a carnival of blood
and rapine and murder, until the whole nation
was aroused, for then we know that the people
would look to that party to which in a like
emergency they looked, and not in vain, to
suppress disorder and restore peace. They
certainly would resort to the party in power
for protection.
So far from this being an etfort to aid the
dominant party, it is very clear that that party
makes a sacrifice of temporary and apparent
interests in obedience to the demand of duty
and of patriotism, for by it they admit that
reconstruction and the governments which
have been established are imperfect in struc-
ture or in strength. It is true that we do not
admit that we are responsible for this imper-
fection, but the admission of the imperfection
involves the necessity for explanation, which it
would be policy to avoid did not stern duty
demand that we should meet the ca"se as it is.
The Republican party is not endowed with
omnipotence. It cannot make events or con-
trol circumstances. As it proposes in the future,
so it has in the past vigorously contended with
the evils that beset the country.
At the close of the war this Government
found upon its hands some eight or ten mil-
lions who came panting from an effort to de-
stroy the nation. They were vanquished in
arms, but unrepentant in crime, unconverted
from the fatal heresy that they owed an alle-
giance to the State superior to that which they
owed the General Government; a heresy, let
me say in passing, that seems not yet entirely
crushed. What was this Government to do
with these millions? It might have obliter-
ated all State lines, and have established over
them a military territorial government; but
that would have been contrary to the spirit of
our institutions, and would have been doing
violence to the kindly feelings which a brave
and generous people entertain for those they
have vanquished; that would have been to
admit that the magic band which holds the
States in the Union, and which we claim to be
indissoluble, had in fact been broken.
Besides, there were other complications.
Scattered through these conquered States were
four million fellow-beings who had been our
friends, who had been loyal to the Government,
and who had rendered efficient service in the
conflict. To have left them unprotected would
have been as unjust as ungracious.
The Republican party, surrounded by these
difficulties, determined to adhere to and carry
out the great cardinal principle of this Gov-
ernment, that which distinguishes it from all
the other Governments of the world, the per-
fect equality of all men before the law, and
