1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
490
to give citizenship and the ballot without dis-
tinction of race or color.
This measure violated no rights of those who
had been in rebellion, because they had for-
feited their rights, and besides, the people of
the North adopted for themselves the same
rule tfcat thsy imposed upon the South. There
was a necessity, too, for this course, as in no
other way could the Government have secured
a Joyal constituency or have given protection
to their allies. To have withheld the action
would have been to manifest to the world that
we had no faith in the great principle of equal-
ity which has been, and still is, our boast.
The best reason, however, for our action is,
we did right. The difficulties that have re-
sulted from this radical change are fewer than
I anticipated, and every year they are becom-
ing less. To have left the colored race unpro-
tected would have been to leave them a mass
of moral degradation, a pest to society, aud a
reproach to the world.
We are told that there are colored members
of the Legislatures in those States who have
110 property to be taxed. Whose fault is that?
For generations that race, with a patience that
has no parallel, men, women, and children,
labored as never did any other people. They
reclaimed the morasses and subdued the soil
of the South. Besides supporting themselves
and feeding and clothing and educating their
masters and enabling them to live in affluence,
they have every year by their labor produced
the millions of cotton by which the exchanges
of the country have been carried on.
They have no property to be taxed I Sir,
if this nation had done, as in law and in jus-
tice it might have done—I do not say as it
should have done—confiscated the property of
its enemies and divided it among its allies, the
disability of a want of property to be taxed
would have been with those who were our foes
and not with those who were our friends.
We are told, too, that there are colored men
in these Legislatures who cannot read or write.
Who is to be censured for that condition of
things ? Certainly those who made it a crime
to teach one with a tawny skin to read the
words of eternal life, aprivilege which, whether
it be improved or not, no one here would for
any inducement forego. This, too, is a dis-
ability that under the humane system the Re-
publican party has inaugurated is rapidly being
removed.
Again, we are told that these Legislatures
are entailing a heavy and dishonest debt upon
the States; and to the surprise of an enlight:
ened age this fact is urged as a justification, or
at least in palliation, of the reign of terror
which we would arrest. I do not know how
the fact is as to these expenditures, but I do
know that the way to gain relief for a violation
of law is not to inaugurate lawlessness. I do
know that the Ku Klux Klan, by its acts of
rapine and murder, has reduced and will con-
tinue to reduce the value of property at the
South to a vastly greater extent than even the
alleged unjust assessments for taxation.
The remedy for the evil, if it exists, is in the
future, by the open "and peaceable exposure
of the abuse, by appealing to the self-interest
and sense of justice of the community and
then through the ballot to obtain relief. And
as to any burdens already unjustly created by
those Legislatures, it may be that resort will
yet be had to that provision of the Constitu-
tion which I shall invoke against this violence;
for one part of that amendment is, that " no
State shall make or enforce any law that shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of a cit-
izen of the United States," and the right that
private property shall not be taken without
compensation is among those privileges.
This much, Mr. President, I have said in
vindication of the Republican party against
the charge that they are agitating this subject
of violence at the South for party purposes,
and in answer to the apology urged for those
engaged in violence, that they are making war
on governments which the Republican party
unwisely and unjustly inaugurated.
My purpose now is, as briefly as possible, to
consider what constitutional power the Gen-
eral Government possesses to enforce the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States all over this Union. But first let us
consider whether there is in the condition of
the South occasion that we should legislate at
this unusual session.
Crime occurs everywhere. It was to be an-
ticipated that it would exist to an unusual
degree among a people just emerging from a
war against the most humane and beneficent
Government of the world. My attention has
not been so much directed to the crimes com-
mitted as to ascertaining what degree of rev-
erence is felt in those communities for the
majesty of the law. Do its violations arouse
that indignation which leads to its vindication ?
While as a man my nature has been shocked
at the sickening details of the atrocities, as a
legislator my interest has been more engrossed
to ascertain whether the communities, feeling
themselves insulted, injured, and degraded,
have arisen in their strength to bring the per-
petrators to justice.
Rcverence for law in the heart and soul and
spirit of society can be dispensed with in a
despotic Government much better than in a
republic. Despotism can readily invoke coer-
cion and bring force to support its absolut-
ism ; but a free State maintains its existence
by vindicating that law which is at once the
standard and the guardian of its liberty—its
standard to define its limits, and its guardian
to defend it. The freer the State the greater
is the necessity of reverence for the law, and
the greater the reverence for the law the freer
may be the State.
My attention to this subject has forced me to
the conclusion to which I presume every other
Senator here has arrived : that the reverence
for the law in the lately insurrectionary States
is not what it should be. But wcare relieved
from the trouble of investigation on this sub-
ject, because the Constitution imposes the duty
on the President "from time to time to give
to Congress information of the state of the
Union, and to recommend to their considera-
tion such measures as he shall judge necessary
and expedient." He has told us that a part
of the Union is in a state of lawlessness, and
has asked legislation giving him temporarily
greater power to suppress the violence; and
the question is whether, under such a state of
things, the nation has the requisite constitu-
tional power to meet the exigency.
It is put beyond question, sir, that the citi-
zen of the United States is in some part of the
land subjected to indignities, violence, and
wrongs, and that without redress, which would
fire the most stolid heart in the land were they
perpetrated on our citizens in England or in
Spain. Yes, in such a case the whole power
of the land would be marshaled to vindicate
the nation's honor. Let me say that if this
nation has the constitutional power to protect
the privileges and immunities of an American
citizen in the remotest corner of the earth it
has the constitutional power to give him that
protection at home. The people will demand
that that power be exercised. They, remem-
bering the history of the last ten years—that
hundreds of thousands of brave men have died,
that the land has been furrowed with graves,
that we have entailed on coming generations
a heavy debt just for the purpose of maintain-
ing all over this land the rights of American
citizenship—they will never, never submit that
those rights shall be trampled upon with im-
punity 1
Mr. President, on the termination of the
recent war this nation extended to those who
had rebelled against it a clemency that has
no parallel in history. There was little or no
confiscation of property; no punishment;
the States were not reduced to Territories.
No! Government assured the vanquished in
their estates, sent them food to live upon, seed
to plant, and relieved them from taxation.
I remember myself advocating here a bill
which at once relieved them from $25,000,000
annually.
But, sir, in all this leniency the nation did
not neglect, to garner up four grand principles,
for the maintenance of which, if needs be, this
land will again put on its martial dress and
repeat its heroic history.
The first of these is, that the United States
of America is not a voluntary confederation of
petty, tribal sovereignties, but is a nation, and
that its law, in the language of the sixth article
of the Constitution, is the supreme law of the
land, North, South, East, and West, the con-
stitution and laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding. This is no change in what
was before the war the true theory of our Gov-
ernment, but it was then a mere theory. The
South, and large numbers at the North, fas-
cinated by the illusion that their little localities
were kingdoms and their leading men chief-
tains, ignored our nationality; and the baneful
effects of the error were manifested, not only
in our political history, but they affected the
social and business interests of the people.
Now we are still a nation in theory, but wo
are so also in very fact, and the citizen every-
where will claim the benefit of it.
The second principle secured is this: that
this is a Republic of freemen wherein slavery
in any form will not be tolerated, and that
there shall be no involuntary servitude except
as a punishment for adjudged crime. This
provision is not a matter of nomenclature. It
was not enacted merely for the purpose of
washing from the laws the disgraceful word
"slavery" while the thing remained. Itdidnot
mean that one thralldom should be substituted
for another. It meant that in this land every
man should be possessed of the chartered
rights of a freemen which all the world should
respcct. And if this principle, garnered on
many bloody fields, is not respected in sub-
stance and in spirit, the people of this land
will search diligently in their armory until they
find some constitutional power to enforce it.
Let those who deplore the progress of the
Republican party and who cry out that our
measures are unconstitutional remember that
this was a most important change in the fun-
damental law of our country. Up to that time
a State could make a man a slave. All of one
race, when born, opened their eyes to thrall-
dom, spent their lives in unrequited toil, and
died ignorant and degraded with none to pity.
The third principle gathered from the war
is that the ballot shall be possessed and en-
joyed without distinction of race or color, as
provided in the fifteenth amendment—a right
which elevates the citizen, secures him respect
and influence, gives him protection from abuse,
and prevents outbursts of violence under sup-
posed public wrong. While the States can
still, subject to the restrictions of the Consti-
tution, fix to some degree the qualification of
voters, their basis of representation is reduced
in the proportion that the number of male
inhabitants over twenty-one years of age ex-
cluded bears to the whole number of male
inhabitants over twenty-one. This is another
change in our fundamental law.
The other priceless capture of the war is
that charter of "American citizenship," with
its guarantee of fundamental rights, contained
in the fourteenth amendment. Primarily, it
declares that every person born or naturalized
in the United States and subject to its jurisdic-
tion is a citizen of the United States ; and sec-
ondarily, that they are all citizens of the State
wherein they reside; that "no State shall
make or enforce any law" abridging the priv-
ileges or immunities of citizens of the United
States; and that "no State shall deny to
any person the equal protection of the laws."
This amendment, effects a most important
change in the fundamental law of our country.
The only danger is that, following the words
