mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Barry.
Ho. of Reps.
It is a matter of profound regret that the
' present, reign of terror in the South has defend- .
ers and apologisfs on this floor. It has also
been a matter of regret that some gentlemen
on this side of the House have been disposed
to question and hesitate. They havenotseen,
as they should, the beginnings of a new rebel-
lion. They will, in my judgment, discover
their mistake, for the people whom they rep-
resent will not be blinded or deceived. They
will, oji the other hand, sustain those who shall
promptly seek a remedy for these outrages,
accounts of which every hour salute our ears.
They are intensely loyal, and will insist that the
badges of loyalty shall not point out victims
for their murderers in the South. The Repub-
lican party only needs a pluck equal to its glo-
rious record. If it has this, it will have a con-
tinued lease of power. It will be as victorious
in peace as it was in war. It cannot forget
the people in their constitutional rights; it
'must protect them in these rights. It must
relieve them from burdens and shield tliem
against the perils of barbarism. This Ku-
kluxism is barbarism. The thousands who
have fallen cry out against it. The Repub-
lican party cannot neglect this cry ; its record
and its genius forbid it. Legislation against
these outrages the loyal sentiment of the
nation demands. We shall neglect our duty
and end our existence as a party if we refuse
to grant it.
Some who have participated in this debate
affect to believe that it will not be safe to
intrust the President with the powers con-
ferred by this bill. They have been unable,
as his enemies ever have been, to point to a
single instance wherein he has gone beyond
the strictest construction of the law. This
fact has not a little to do in giving him his
impregnable place in the hearts of the people.
The people have trusted President Grant and
will again. The strength of their confidence
in him it was easy for me to discover when
in my canvass for a seat in this House I
announced myself as iu the fullest accord with
the Administration. His patriotism has not
been questioned ; wherefore should he wish
the injury of the South? The Government has
displayed the largest clemency toward that
section. Has President Grant ever sought to
hold Congress back in any acts of mercy toward
that section? Never. His message to this
House has not the spirit of one seeking dicta-
torial powers. He submits to Congress the
condition of the South and questions his power
to crush or hold in check the reign of blood
and death there. Could he do less than that?
That message, it is true, was like a bombshell
in the Democratic camp. The masked ally of
the Opposition party was aimed at. The foster-
parent and child were alike attacked. It may
have been cruel in the President, but, in my
opinion, the country will not call it an act of
disloyalty.
When a President shall ask Congress to give
him power to protect life, liberty, and prop-
erty in any and every section of the land when
in jeopardy, he but strikes the popular heart.
The men who fight against this grant of power,
though they talk ever so learnedly about the
Constitution, will fail to catch the sympathy
of the people. The law-abiding do not fear
stringent laws; it is the lawless who squirm.
The higher civilization to which we have be-
lieved our late war would lead us, if true to
ourselves, should have all the support that
legislation can give. I mean, of course, all
proper constitutional legislation. Bare fear
can play no good part in dictating such legis-
lation. The bold, though prudent, man will
best lead the way.
The Republican members of this House will
permit me to express my profoundest thanks
to the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SHELLABAReER,] chairman of the committee
reporting the bill, for his untiring and effective
efforts in bringing it before the House and the
country. His eloquent appeals have not been
in vain. His voice has been clear; personal
prejudices and ambitions have not made it
husky. Let his voice be that of the Repub-
lican party, and it will add to its'history many
a page of successful legislation in promotion
of law, order, good government, and national
prosperity.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. H. W. BARRY,
of mississippi,
In tub House of Representatives,
April 5, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. E. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. BARRY said:
Mr. Speaker : I find in the Book of books
a declaration remarkably apropos to the ques-
tion now pending before the House: " Woe
unto the world because of offenses, for it must
needs be that offenses come; but woe unto
that man [or that party] by whom the offense
cometh!" Sir, there has been a deliberate
and persistent effort on this floor to deny, to
palliate, or to defend the infamous crimes
against law, against life, liberty, and property
daily perpetrated by bands of affiliated mid-
night assassins in various parts of the South.
Gentlemen on the other side of this debate,
however, seem to have partially abandoned
the effort to suppress the facts themselves,
which they tacitly admit by putting in pleas
of palliation, or even of justification. But
denial is of very little force in the face of the
overwhelming testimony before this House and
before the country. Sir, there are men upon
this floor who have looked the Ku Klux Klan
fully in the face. This right arm that hangs
helpless by my side was broken by a Ku Klux
bullet. There are other gentlemen from the
South who have likewise received polite atten-
tions of similar tenor from their reconstructed
brethren. The offense has come. It is rank,
it smells to Heaven. The blood of loyal men
has been poured out like water, not upon
the battle-field, but in the murderous assault
or amid the slumbers of midnight. Who is
responsible for these things? What party
composes the Ku Klux Klan ?
Mr. GARRETT. If the gentleman will per-
mit me 
Mr. BARRY. I cannot be interrupted now.
The gentleman who desires to interrupt me
can have his full time on this floor to assail the
Government for not keeping faith with the
rebels, and at the same time to refute his
charges by their reckless bitterness. Were
those charges true the gentleman would not
be here to day, for want of a constituency. We
have listened ad nauseam, to lectures of this
character. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Leach] gravely informs us that he
would not be willing to intrust to any man the
extraordinary powers conferred by the bill now
pending upon the President. I wonder whether
the gentleman, when sitting in the so-called
confederate congress, voted for the extraordin-
ary powers conferred upon Jeff. Davis. Sir,
no greater proof of the extreme leniency of the
Government can be asked or offered than the
licentious harangues which the Representatives
of the defunct rebellion are uttering, without
stint and in most execrable bad taste, upon this
Who, sir, I repeat, are responsible for these
Ku Klux murders and arsons, so persistently
denied in spite of overwhelming evidence, so
shamelessly palliated in both Houses of Con-
gress? This is the question to which the Amer-
ican people demand an answer. It is true they
are weary of this reconstruction imbroglio.
They would willingly give it the go-by in order
to take up other questions of political and social
science awaiting attention. But the resusci-
tated rebellion challengesimmediateattention.
Its exasperating impudence, its reckless dis-
regard of truth and justice, its low, vindictive,
implacable passions, are again ventilated m
the halls of national legislation. 1 rejoice,
however, in this intensity of malignity. I am
glad that this bilge-water of Democracy still
comes to the surface, giving to the American
people a foretaste of its execrable character in.
time to arrest its intended mischief. I do not
wonder that the Democratic leaders seek to
suppress such facts and to cover up the villainy
which they disclose.
Sir, the responsibility for the Ku Klux out-
rages restsupon the Democratic leaders, North
and South. The rebel element in the latter is
but giving vent to its inherent and inveterate
hostility to freedom and the Union. The
northern section of the party is repeating the
crimes and blunders of political management
which led the slave power into its disastrous
rebellion of 1861. The objective point of the
Democratic leaders is to consolidate the vote
of the South upon the basis of hatred of the
Yankee and of the negro, just as it was form-
erly consolidated upon the basis of slavery.
The same murderous compact still subsists be-
tween the northern and southern wings of the
party. The reign of terror which repressed
with the most prompt and unscrupulous vio-
lence every utterance of individual opinion
against slavery has been reinaugurated. A
determination has been openly avowed in some
quarters, and but feebly denied in others, to
drive all loyal men from the southern soil,
which is henceforth to be dominated by an
organized banditti. To accomplish this pur-
pose Union men are assaulted and killed in
open brawl or are murdered in their beds at
midnight. These tacticsatfirstembracedonly
a sufficient amount of outrage to create a gen-
eral alarm on the part of the Union men, and to
induce them to emigrate to other quarters; but
this plan is not working smoothly. The fol-
lowing paragraph from the Jackson Clarion
contains a covert suggestion whichis diabolical
to the last extreme:
" In view of the advantage taken of the leniency
extended to them by Sturses and Huggins, as evi-
denced by their slanderous publications, and the
harm that is likely to result in poisoning the north-
ern mind, wewould advise our people, who are pro-
voked to meet outrage with violence, not to send
any mora such characters out of the State. Better
let 'em stay."
This paper, published at Jackson, the State
capital, is the ablest organ of the Ku Iilux
Democracy perhaps in the whole South. It is
edited by Ethel Barksdale, late a member of
the confederate congress. Its intimations may
be taken f'orwordsof commandin the Ku Klux
camp. What does this paragraph signify? Sir.
it means that dead men tell no tales. It sug-
gests with satanic coolness the assassination
of Union men instead of their expatriation.
This scheme of wholesale villainy, by the very
necessity of crime, is hurried on to extremes
which at first were probably not con templated.
Its perpetrators are awakening to its terrible
reflex consequences to themselves in its reac-
tion upon northern public sentiment. It threat-
ens to overwhelm the whole infernal conspiracy
with a torrent of loyal indignation, as it did in
1861. Its leaders, in desperation upon this
discovery, seem to have entertained the possi-
bility of so quietly disposing of the obnoxious
Radicals that their fate would never be known.
To cover this movement the northern Democ-
racy afe expected to brazenly deny the facts
of these Ku Klux murders, or, if this involves
too great a strain upon popular credulity, their
