1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Sir. Barry.
Ho. of Reps.
delivered his late tirade in the Senate
the Administration a few days previously he
•would have raised the Republican majority in
Connecticut to something like its normal fig-
ures. But in proportion as he has rendered
himself obnoxious to the loyal part of the
nation, he has endeared himself to the hearts
of the rebels. With him as their candidate for
the Presidency, carpet-bagger as he is, they
cherish the wildest dreams of a resuscitated
slave empire at the South. As a specimen of
the enthusiasm of his rebel worshipers, I quote
the following paragraph from the speech of
Mr. Landrum, the Democratic representative
of Lowndes county in the Mississippi Legis-
lature :
"These amendments, sir, [the fourteenth and fif-
teenth,] were ratified by fraud and violence, at the
point of Federal bayonets, and I have the independ-
ence to stand here to-day and reiterate and indorse
the sentiments of Frank Blair of Missouri, that the
reconstruction measures of the United States Gov-
ernment were null and void ah initio, and ought to
be wiped out. And, sir, I say further, that those
southern men who have supported the (Government
of the United States in these acts of tyranny over the
southern people, such men for example as General
James Longstreet, should be classed by the future
historians as Benedict Arnolds, as traitors to their
country."
This reconstructed individual professes to
have been driven from Georgia at the opening
of the war for opposing secession. How he
found refuge for his Unionism in Mississippi is
past finding out. At any rate, his loyal senti-
ments were not very permanent, for he goes on
to say :
"Subsequent circumstances prevented me from
joining my fellow-citizens of the South in making
war against the Government at that time. But, sir,
let a flag now be raised against that Government by
anybody in behalf of the oppressed people of the
South, and in vindication of their rights, and I will
be the first to rally under that flag. I will take com-
mand of a body of troops and fight, so long as I have
breath, to put down a haughty, corrupt, and tyran-
nical Government, for the deliverance of an outraged
people."
This gentleman is not the only rebel in the
South who, having skulked from the actual
dangers of the late war, is now ready to take
command of a body of troops. He does not
talk of shouldering a musket in the ranks.
Like many other southern politicians who pre-
cipitated the late rebellion, he would prefer to
do the safer part of the work of devilment.
But, sir, the mischievous influence of this class
of men cannot be overrated. It is beyond
doubt that, they correctly represent the feeling
of their rebel constituents. It is further true
that they are backed up by men of far higher
courage a-nd far more dangerous force of char-
acter than themselves.
It is in conflict with these mighty reactionary
forces that the problem of social and political
reconstruction of the South is to be wrought
out. Sir, the responsibilities and peril of the
Union men of the South are beyond expres-
sion. We are the forlorn hope of civilization,
called to stand in the breach and to face the
music of assassination. It is true we have
the great American people behind us, but a
broad stretch of rebel hatred and violence
intervenes between us and our supports.
One and another fall by the knife or bullet
of the Ku Klux. Amid the mocking sneers
of the Democratic orators of this House, the
groans of dying patriots in the South and the
wails of their widows and orphans go up into
the ears of the Lord of Hosts. Sir, the men
who hold this advanced position in the inter-
ests of civilization deserve well of their coun-
try. The least that we can do here is to shield
their reputation from the diabolical slanders
that have been perpetrated against them in
this House and in the disloyal press of the
country.
We are by our enemies divided into three
classes, namely, "carpet-baggers," "scala-
wags," and "niggers" — terms sufficiently
illustrative of the malignant coarseness of those
who use them.
The "carpet-baggers" are those American
citizens, natives of other States, who, under
the protection of the Federal Constitution,
have transferred their citizenship to the South.
Many of them were officers and soldiers of
the Union Army and have a military record
that is peculiarly obnoxious to the rebels.
They are of that class of carpet-baggers that
crushed the rebellion, rescued the country
from being broken up into fragmentary and
hostile States, and reestablished our national
unity. These are the men who have rescued
the North American continent from the dis-
jointed civilization of Europe and have secured
the reign of a free democratic brotherhood
of humanity, "an ocean-bound Republic."
Such men have an especial right, vindicated
by the highest achievements of patriotic de-
votion, to a voice in the control of the polit-
ical destiny of the nation saved by their valor
from dissolution. The rebels of the South
hate them for their effective resistance to their
treasonable schemes. The northern Democ-
racy hate them because their southern allies
have hounded them on. This name " carpet-
bagger" is not applied to the disloyal or time-
serving northern immigrant who settles upon
southern soil and who either joins in the chorus
of disloyalty or renounces his manhood by
concealing his abhorrence of rebellion. Sir,
this opprobrious epithet is given only to those
who maintain the unity of this nation, the
authority of the General Government against
truculent sectionalism.
But let us look for a moment at what is im-
plied in this war-cry of insane bigotry. The
Federal Constitution secures to every citizen
the right of emigrating to any portion of our
national territory and of carrying with him all
his sentiments, especially his loyal sentiments,
and of ventilating, defending, and propagating
them by the utmost freedom of speech. But it
is assumed by the Democracy that a man may
not come into any community and exercise this
constitutional right if it be opposed to the feel-
ings and vested interests of that community.
Sir, all feelings and vested interests opposed to
this freedom of speech are themselves uncon-
stitutional, illegal, and revolutionary. Yet the
Democracy, true to their past infamous record,
foster these elements of treason and rebellion.
They join in the fanatic cry of "carpet-bagger"
like hounds in full chorus. It is a cry without
meaning or force. Sir, we are all carpet-bag
gers or the descendants of such carpet-baggers
as landed at Jamestown,Virginia, or came over
in the Mayflower. The whole South was set-
tled by carpet-baggers, many of whom "left
their country for their country's good." The
Author of the Brodhead letter is a carpet-bag-
ger. Of the two hundred and fifty-six Repre-
sentatives and Delegates on this floor, only
ninety represent districts iu which they were
born. Only one hundred and twenty-three
represent districts in their native States. Only
thirty members of the United States Senate
represent the States in which they were born.
There are one hundred and sixty-six carpet-
baggers in this House and forty-four in the
Senate, making two hundred and ten carpet-
baggers in the American Congress. Sir, if
you stop carpet-bagging you arrest the forward
movement of civilization, you condemn the
whole world to the stagnant social condition
of Asia. Our western country was settled by
carpet-baggers. Carpet-bagging has never
before been challenged as a constitutional
privilege of the American people. Under this
constitutional privilege we have settled in good
faith in the South, and we are determined to
vindicate our rights. We call upon the national
Government for assistance and protection, and
we intend also to protect ourselves, vi et armis
if necessary, from the violence which threat-
ens us.
The term " scalawag" is applied to the native
loyalist who nobly refused to sympathize with
the rebellion, and who has in consequence
suffered indignities and hardships the half of
which has never yet been told. As a speci-'
men of their treatment by the rebel author-
ities during the war, I quote from the message
of Governor Pettus, of Mississippi, of Decem-
ber 20, 1862, to the Legislature:
"I recommend that the Legislature pass an aet
disfranchising every citizen who shall be eonvietod
of evading or refusing to perforin themilitary duties
required of him by law, either by leaving the State,
or hiding out from home, or otherwise."
But it would be impossible to portray the
sufferings of these men -at the hauds of the
rebels and their governments. The heroic
constancy and indomitable patriotism exhib-
ited by many of them will constitute some of
the brightest pages in the history of our great
struggle for freedom and the Union. The
Government failed to do its duty by these
meu during the war, and has grossly neglected
their claims since its close. The least possi-
ble measure of justice that can now be offered
them is prompt and effective protection. The
neglect of the Government and the late decis-
ion of the Supreme Court giving validity to
certain oppressive acts of the rebel govern-
ment will not be likely to add to the number
of those who will stand firm in their loyalty in
future outbreaks.
The third and most numerous class of south-
ern loyalists are the freedmen. These people
are devoted to the Union by the strongest ties
of interest and gratitude. By the nation at
large they have been raised from cruel and
abject bondage to the highest privileges of citi-
zenship. Rightly discerning their true friends,
they are almost unanimous in support of the
Republican party, only a few of the ignor-
ant and depraved being bought up by the
Democracy. But this devotion to the cause of
the Union has brought upon them the special
hatred of the rebels. In their former condition
of slaves their property value to their masters
was their protection against rough treatment
by the rabble. But that basis of protection
exists no longer. The Republican party, by
putting an end to slavery, destroyed that bul-
wark. They are now bound to replace it with
other and more effective barriers ; not merely
such as will secure the inviolability of men as
mere animals, as mere property, but such as
shall vindicate their exercise of the highest
rights of manhood, their perfect equality before
the law. At present they are hated as consti-
tuting the main element of that Republican
majority which has banished the spirit of rebel-
lion from the State governments. They need
the strong arm of the Government to encourage
them in the assertion and maintenance of their
rights under the fifteenth amendment. The
ascendency of their former masters is not yet
such a thing of the past as to enable them to
entirely disregard it. They have made won-
derful advancement in five years. Another
generation will find them in the front rank of
intelligence and civilization. To lead these
freedmen iu the path of normal self-develop-
ment, to discipline and direct their efforts and
to consolidate them into an intelligent Ameri-
can community, such is the responsible yet
glorious task of the Republican party of Mis-
sissippi and the South.
In regard to the proposed legislation of Con-
gress for the protection of the loyal men of the
South, I expect but little benefit from it inde-
pendent of the local action and local organ-
ization of Union men themselves. The mili-
tary power of the nation may serve as the
rallying point of the loyal cause, but it cannot
guard every loyal hearth against midnight
assault. We must protect ourselves. In Mis-
sissippi we have a majority of forty thousand.
We have overcome the enemy wiih the ballot.
We will show them that we can shoot more
bullets than they can, if necessary. We will
