504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
then, is wholly within the Democratic party.
Its whole plan looks to violence. It has its tri-
bunals, which render decrees. Whatever those
decrees are, whether of death or scourging
or expulsion from home, its members are
sworn to execute them. And one, and as I
believe a leading, purpose of this organiza-
tion is to punish men for their political opin-
ions and to make the expression of those
opinions at the ballot-box impossible. It is a
vast conspiracy against human rights. While
the investigation of the committee was con-
fined to a single State, it is believed the order
exists in nearly all the States concerned in the
rebellion. When the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in opening this debate, charged
that it existed in all, the representatives of a
single State only protested against its truth as
to their State. The silence of the others I
accept as a tacit confession of its truth.
Mr. President, I have not time to go into the
details of this report. Every line is instruc-
tive. I will refer to the testimony of but a single
witness, Jacob A. Long. He was the com-
mander of the order in Alamance county. IJe
saw the band which hung Outlaw, for no crime
except that he was an influential negro with
his people. It was midnight. As they rushed
past his office, bellowing, they cried, "Lights
out!" They had their white disguises on, the
same as used in the order. They were the
Ku Klux. He says "a man could not recog-
nize his own father in that disguise." The
men who were members of this order, he says,
were men of position and influence, attached
to the Democratic or Conservative party. There
were ten of these Ku Klux camps in the single
county of Alamance, which might have num-
bered as high as three or four hundred mem-
bers. This witness speaks with authority, for
he confesses he was commander of the central
and principal camp. He speaks of the two
murders and many whippings in that county.
The report ascertains the actual number of
outrages in this single county to have been
fifty-four.
Mr. President, these acts are the develop-
ment of the rebel spirit still alive in the
South. They are the outcroppings of that
hate which sought to destroy the Union;
which laid hold of the pillars of State and
sought to pull down the political fabric. Con-
quered upon the field, the defeated rebels and
their sous still wage war against the friends
of the Government under a new system of tac-
tics, which paralyzes law, and which-must drive
them into exile or into the surrender of their
opinions and to fellowship with the Demo-
cratic party. What a condition of things is
seen to-day in this free Republic, whose boast
is that it is a Government of law, when it fails
to secure the people in their rights of person
and property 1 What do Governments exist
among men for but to secure these rights? A
commentator upon the laws of England says
that "it is the boast of Englishmen that every
man's house is his castle." It should be so
here; the law should make it his strong
fortification.
. When the pioneer makes the advance move
into the country occupied by savages he makes
his house his fort in fact. He relies upon his
trusty rifle. He makes that hi^ companion
and protector; and there being no law to re-
strain and to protect, he is a law to himself.
But when government and law come in ; when
governors, councils, judges, aud sheriffs come
to administer justice, he lays aside his rifle,
dismantles his fort, and pays tribute to gov-
ernment to protect him. To what end, sir,
are taxes laid, isany and burdensome; for
what purpose is tia costly machinery of gov-
ernment, but to afford protection to men in
the peaceable pursuit of their occupations; to
prevent crime; and when crime is committed,
to pursue and capture the criminal and punish
nim? But this expensive machinery becomes
a mockery when no security is furnished the cit-
izen ; when laws are made only to be trampled
on; when crime stalks abroad unchallenged
and unchecked ; when the home isno longer a
protection, when its sanctity is violated with
impunity by ruffians, dragging^ forth at mid-
night its unarmed and helpless inmates.
It is a reproach to the Republic and a con-
fession of its failure as a Government that such
things may occur, not once or occasionally, as
might happen under the best Government, but
habitually and for months in succession. Think
you, sir, sueh things could happen in any Gov-
ernment in Europe, or would be tolerated for
a day? They scarcely find a parallel in the
revolutionary Governments of this continent.
Where, to-day, in any Government laying claim
to be a civilized one, are such outrages enacted
with impunity as are borne to us on every
breeze which comes from the South? Repub-
lican government, sir, is a failure and a hum-
bug if these crimes cannot be checked. The
Constitution says: -
" No State may abridge tlie privileges or immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States."
Again, the Constitution reads :
"No State may deprive any person oflife,liberty,
or property without due process of law."
And yet again:
"No State may deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws."
It cannot be that the United States, charged
with guarantying to every State a republican
form of government and protecting it against
domestic violence, shall not possess the power
adequate to fulfill its trust.
Mr. President, I do not propose to go very
far into the discussion of the constitutional
questions arising upon the different measures
introduced here to arrest these disorders in the
South. We are to test them by the Constitu-
tion as amended. Are they measures justi-
fied by the provisions of the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments ?
The tenth amendment reads as follows:
" The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
When we read that rule of construction now
we are to read it in the light of these later
amendments. Have new powers been dele-
gated by these to the United States ? If so,
they have to that extent been subtracted from
the powers reserved to the States. The residu-
ary powers of the States have to that extent
been diminished. Obviously it was so thought,
for in every article is incorporated an express
grant that Congress shall have power to enforce
their provisions by appropriate legislation.
The people of the States, therefore, in rati-
fying these amendments proposed by Con-
gress, have in very terms conceded that legisla-
tion was required, and have granted the power
with a single qualification, that the legisla-
tion shall be "appropriate." Appropriate
to what? Appropriate to the subject-matter,
such legislation as is fit and proper to give
complete effect to the rights established and
declared by these amendments.
What are these rights, thus established and
declared in the organic law? One is, that he
who had been a slave shall henceforth be a
frecdman. This is a positive right conferred—
a right to freedom. They who framed that
amendment and they who assented to it were
not content with simply sundering the tie be-
tween master and slave, by declaring slavery
abolished ; they were not satisfied to leave it
with the courts alone to execute this provision,
and to pronounce all the consequences and inci-
dents which followed the abolition of slavery ;
they chose to invest Congress with jjower to
enforce that article by appropriate legislation.
Whatever legislation was fit and proper to effect
the object—the complete abolition of slavery—
was authorized.
Now, the second section of the third article
of the Constitution provides that—
" The judicial power shall extend to all eases in
law or equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made or which
shall be made under this authority," &c.
The thirteenth amendment being now a part
of the Constitution, and legislation by Con-
gress to give it effect authorized, consequently
the judicial power extends to all cases arising
under that article and the legislation to carry
it into effect. In other words, the Federal
Courts are invested with jurisdiction to carry
into execution all such appropriate legislation
as Congress shall enact. It is apolitical axiom
that the judicial power of every well consti-
tuted Government must be coextensive with
the legislative power, and must be capable of
deciding every judicial question which grows
out of the Constitution and laws. If it be-
came necessary to authorize the former slave
to apply for a habeas corpus against his mas-
ter, or to institute any civil action against him
for damages for the deprivation of his liberty,
the Federal courts would be clothed with
power to entertain such suits, although the
parties were citizens of the same State; and
therefore, to that extent, ingrafting an excep-
tion upon the general rule laid down in the
Constitution, which limits the jurisdiction of
the court ordinarily to citizens of different
States. Who can doubt thatthis consequence
results? By a familiar rule, we are to group
and construe together all the provisions in
this instrument, and give effect, If possible, to
all. When this cannot be done the article last
adopted repeals anything in the Constitution
before which is in conflict with it.
It results, therefore, that it was competent
for Congress, in giving effect to the thirteenth
article, to enact that every person who had
been in slavery should have the same right
enjoyed by a white person to make and enfoice
contracts, to sue and give evidence, to inherit,
purchase, sell, hold, and convey real and per-
sonal property, and have full and equal ben-
efit with white persons of all laws and proceed-
ings for the security of person and property.
This was done in the first section of what is
known as the civil rights bill.
It is equally plain that it was within the con
stitutional power of Congress to enforce these
rights by providing punishment for their vio-
lation. This was done in the second section
of that act, which reads as follows:
"That any person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall sub-
ject, or cause to be subjected, any inhabitant of any
State or Territory to the deprivation of any right
secured or protected by this act, or to different pun-
ishment, pains, or penalties on account of such per-
son having at any time been held in a condition of
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a pun-
ishment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, or by reason of his color or race,
than is proscribed for the punishment of white per-
sons, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
on conviction, shall be punished by line not exceed-
ing $>1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding one year,
or both, in the discretion of the court."
Now, the "deprivation" of any right secured
by that act, or rather the means employed to
effect the deprivation, might in law be an
assault and battery, a riot, or imprisonment,
mere misdemeanors, ordinarily punishable
exclusively in the State courts. But because
these acts, whatever they were, related to a
class of persons whose rights were placed
under the guardiauship of Federal legislation,
they became offenses against the United States
and punishable in their courts. Accordingly,
all the remaining sections of the civil rights
bill are devoted to the mode of procedure in
the courts of the United States for punishing
offenses against the law. 1 do not understand
that the constitutionality of this legislation for
the protection of him who had been a slave is
no longer drawn in question by lawyers.
The ninth section of this bill is a suggestive
one, in considering what further remedies are
required to meet existing disorders in the
South:
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, or
such person as he may empower for that purpose,
to employ such part of the land or naval force of
the United States, or of the militia, as shall boneces-
sary to prevent the violation and enforce the due
execution of this act."
Now, sir, the first section of the fourteenth
