1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
article relates obviously to the same class of
persons with the thirteenth article, but includes
more. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to their jurisdiction,
are declared to be citizens thereof and of the
State wherein they reside. I do not care to
discuss the question whether this was simply
declaratory of what was the law before. It
is enough to know that the Congress which
proposed and the States which ratified this
article thought it necessary to establish it as an
affirmative rule, placing their status beyond
question or cavil. They added one other positive
rule to secure the rights of this citizenship, and
that was that no State Bhould make or enforce
any law which should abridge the privileges or
immunities of those thus made citizens of the
United States; and still another rule, that no
State should deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of its laws.
Call these limitations, if you please, upon the
power of the States to do what is thus forbid-
den. They are something more. They amount
to positive guarantees by the United States
that these privileges, immunities, and protec-
tion of the laws shall be enjoyed.
Now, sir, this article, as well as the thirteenth
and fifteenth, is to be read in the light of the
history of the times to ascertain its meaning
and full scope. What was that condition in
our political and social systems which gave
birth to these amendments and made them
necessary ? Every rule, organic or legislative,
has its origin in some existing evil which made
it necessary. It is to be interpreted in the light
of the cause which produced ii.
We had had a terrible civil convulsion, a
great political upheaval. More than three
million persons of African descent bad been
held in slavery so absolute that, though born
on this soil, they were not citizens. Though
men and women, they were deemed chattels,
without power to make contracts, to hold prop-
erty, to sue or give evidence. They had no
rights which the courts could respect. It was
believed that the civil war which broke out in
18G1 had its origin in the demands, the pride
and jealousy, of the three hundred thousand
masters who owned the slaves.
Eleven Slates, where the system of slavery
obtained, attempted to secede from the Union
and to organize a new government wholly in-
dependent of the authority of the United
States. So far as they could secede they did.
They inaugurated a revolution and took up
arms to make this secession effectual. At an
immense cost of treasure and human life the
Government of the United States succeeded
in overcoming the rebellion and restoring the
supremacy of the Constitution and laws where
it had been displaced.
Because slavery was a gigantic wrong in it-
self, in conflict with the principles of freegov-
wnment, and had been the inspiring cause of
Ihe rebellion and its strength, the nation de-
creed its abolishment. It was a great act, one
Df the most notable of history. It gave free-
dom to a race numbering millions. This race
was ignorant and helpless to the last degree.
When the fetters were struck from their
liiabs, and they were declared to be freedmen,
they were without homes and property. They
were like men who had been imprisoned in a
dark dungeon for years suddenly ushered into
the light of day and the bustling activities of
life. They had never been accustomed to
think or plan for themselves, and of course
knew nothing of the economies of life or the
processes of making a livelihood. Though in
shape and yoars they were men and women,
they were mere children in knowledge. It was
absolutely necessary that the nation which had
given them freedom should for a time treat
them as wards, surround them with stringent
laws to protect them from their former mas-
ters, and secure them in the wages of their
labor.
Sir, this was the condition precipitated by the
war. The Constitution was no longer adapted
to this new order of things. That had recog-
nized slavery. A memorable law. to enable
the master to pursue and reclaim his fugitive
slave, had stained the statute-boob since 1793.
In every State where slavery existed there was
a slave code. When the system fell by the
sword it had drawn, when the decree of its
death was written down in the Constitution,
this vast structure of rules, regulations, and
usages fell with a great crash. Of course the
adoption of the thirteenth amendment repealed
all provisions in the Constitution which recog-
nized or legitimated slavery. It repealed the
fugitive slave law. It repealed whatever of
laws, organic or statutory, existed in the States
establishing or regulating the system of human
slavery. Still it was thought essential to clothe
Congress affirmatively with the power of legis-
lating for so great an event. Much rubbish
was to be cleared away. Old relations and
habits were to be brokea up, involving great
changes in the industrial systems. It was con-
templated that such a gigantic system, the
growth of many generations, which sent its
roots down through all the social, political,
and industrial arrangements of fifteen States
and eight million people, would not fall without
sharp, positive, aggressive legislation.
Now, sir, looking at this great event, seeing
how much of the old Constitution was repealed
in the simple abolition of slavery, we arc pre-
pared to approach with wider views the ques-
tion of the remedies proposed by the various
bills introduced here. The fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments have conferred upon
this racq, in the amplest form, civil and polit-
ical privileges equal to those enjoyed by the
white race. Whatever legislation is essential
to secure them in the enjoyment of these rights
without let, hindcrance, or molestation, is con-
stitutional. Nobody denies that proposition
who admits these amendments are now part
of the Constitution. The only question which
can aiise is whether the means proposed are
appropriate to the end. A specific grant of
power is made to Cougressto legislate for this
class. Though called citizens of the United
States, nobody can doubt that special refer-
ence was had to those who had been hereto-
fore slaves. It was not needed that these pro-
visions should be made for the white race,
whose citizenship had never been doubted.
Now, sir, before going further into the argu-
ment at this point, let us pause here and look
again at the condition of affairs in the south-
ern States, to which the President has called
otir attention. All the States have been re-
stored to the Union, with State governments
organized m conformity with what are called
the reconstruction acts. Every State is repre-
sented at this time in both branches of Con-
gress. But in those Slates where these out-
rages exist, which appeal so loudly to Con-
gress for repression, we find this condition of
things: two distinct races of people are there,
living side by side. We cannot change their
color and make the white black, or the black
white. The one has been the dominant, the
other the servile race. In some States the
blacks predominate, in others they are in the
minority; in many communities the two are
nearly equal in numbers ; and here, for obvi-
ous causes, these outrages are most common,
I believe.
Heretofore the dominant race held all the
political power of the State. The other race
were mere chattels, without any voice in pub-
lic affairs. The whiles were educated, the
blacks grossly ignorant; the one sought to
perpetuate slavery, the other sighed for free-
dom. In the civil war the sympathies of the
blacks were distinct and active for the Union ;
many joined the Union Army, as you know,
sir, to the number of nearly one hundred
thousand men, and fought against their former
masters. Of course they belonged to the vic-
torious party at the war's close. They had
been clothed, fed, and paid as soldiers, and
up« many battle-fields confronted those who
had held them in slavery. They became en-
titled to, and now enjoy, the equal benefit of
our pension laws. The old dominant race is
therefore made to pay their share of the debt
thus_ incurred by the nation to these black
soldiers.
Well, sir, these colored people, thus living
side by side with their former masters, are now
made citizens. They are invested with all the
civil and political rights which their masters
ever enjoyed, and some political rights from
which those masters are now excluded; for
they not only possess the right of voting, but
the right of being voted for—the right of hold-
ing office. They may now not only contract,
hold property, sue, give evidence, sit upon
juries, but they are made eligible to every
office, judicial, legislative, or executive, sub-
ject, sir, to no disability except such as crime
imposes. While an influential, educated por-
tion of the old dominant race are forbidden
to exercise any of the functions of government
in the State or nation, still the distinction of
races endures and must continue, and these
people must live side by side.
This is the condition of things in these States;
and, whether right or wrong, it is irreversibly
written in the Constitution that this despised
race shall enjoy these franchises and rights for
all time. Nobody is so visionary as to sup-
pose that the colored people will ever be en-
slaved again. Nor can it for a moment be
supposed that, having tasted the sweets of
citizenship and learned the value of the bal-
lot, they will ever surrender either, if the
nation were so unjust as to attempt it. No,
sir; we must facc the cold, naked fact that
this humble race is raised by the supreme
decree of the nation to the full level of civil
and political equality. We cannot, if we would,
discriminate against them bylaw. Their priv-
ileges and immunities can never be abridged.
They canuot lawfully be deprived by any State
of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of law; nor can they be denied the equal
protection of the laws. Are they ? Technic-
ally, it is argued, they are not. Plausibly and
sophistically it is said the laws of North Caro-
lina do not discriminate against them; that the
provisions in favor of rights and liberties are
general; that the courts are open to all; that
juries, grand and petit, are commanded to
hear and redress without distinction as to color,
race, or political sentiment.
But it is a fact, asserted in the report, that
of the hundreds of outrages committed upon
loyal people through the" agency of this Ku
Klux organization not one has been punished.
This defect in the administration of the laws
does not extend to other cases. Vigorously
enough are the laws enforced against Union
people. They only fail in efficiency when a
man of known Union sentiments, white or
black, invokes their aid. Then Justice closes
the door of her temples. Frightful murders,
whippings, and robberies may occur where
these are the subjects; and the arm of justice
is paralyzed. That such is the case, that, as the
report shows, punishment has not been inflicted
in a single case of the hundreds of outrages
which have occurred, is the most monstrous
reproach upon the nation that could be uttered
or written. I ask again, sir, of what value
is the Government, saved at such a cost, if it
cannot protect its law-abiding citizens, and
those citizen's its friends and defenders? What
sort of a Constitution do we live under if it
furnishes no thunderbolt to launch against
such gigantic wrongs?
To return to the argument. What, then, may
Congress do to arrest and punish these out-
rages under the grants of power in the thir-
teenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments V
1 have argued that the appropriate legislation
authorized to give them effect was intended
to establish and st-eiue the rights of the colored
race. No one can doubt that was the purpose.
But in making them citizens the fourteenth
amendment goes further. It declares that all
