1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Barry.
Ho. of Reps.
unconstitutional to employ him as a soldier,
how would the Democracy regard his enfran-
chisement? The defeated rebels were, of
course, frantic with rage. But if the claims
of justice had been insufficient to secure this
concession from the American people, the in-
stinct of self-preservation supplied decisive
motives. The colored vote of the South was
necessary to balance the rebel vote and to pre-
vent that section of our common country from
falling into hands hostile to our Union. To
meet this necessity the Federal Constitution
embraced the power of amendment. That is,
our national organic law possesses the machin-
ery for self-adaptation to new circumstances
and necessities. Withoutthis provision it could
never have been the exponent of a free civil-
ization. The noblest system of social order
that ever was devised if petrified and deprived
of all capacity of improvement will ultimately
become an intolerable yoke of tyranny.
The value of a written constitution lies in its
power of accurately representing the underly-
ing, unwritten, social organism of the nation.
The Bourbon democracy would have it that
no power of amendment by the whole people
could destroy the rights of property in slaves.
They argued against the thirteenth amendment
upon this premise, and subsequently against the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments upon the
same. But the white man's party is as help-
less to-day as the pro-slavery party of ten years
ago. The American people have willed the
incorporation of manhood suffrage into their
organic law. They have accepted the great law
of Christian civilization propounded upon Mars
Hill by the Apostle Paul, that God " hath made
of one blood all the nations of men for to dwell
on all the face of the earth." This great tide-
wave of progress, of course, has its ebbs and
flows; but each flood-tide reaches higher up
the shore. Of late there has been an ebb in
the tide of Republican successes. We have
had too many unfaithful leaders, too many
causes of internal dissension. But the reac-
tion has reached its limits. We believe that
to the cause of free civilization, of manhood
democracy, there is just ahead a great and
glorious success fully establishing all its past
conquests.
Upon this broad platform of free_ manhood
the southern Republicans have maintained a
gallant fight. We admit that we have made
blunders, but our general course of policy has
been controlled by considerations of justice
and public welfare. In the sweeping denun-
ciations against our general character and
motives we have been, perhaps, somewhat neg-
ligent in regard to minor criticisms upon our
domestic policy. These seem to have been
measurably lost sight of in the discussions on
the absorbing theme of reconstruction in gen-
eral. Our policy in regard to common schools
has met with especial hostility upon the part
of the rebels, who, not appreciating the value
of popular intelligence, were of course aggrieved
at the raising of f'und3 by taxation for the sup-
port of educational institutions. But the negro
was to have the benefit of thisfund as well as
the white population. Here this local question
of school taxation resolves itself into the general
issue between the loyal and disloyal parties.
I propose now to notice a gratuitous impu-
tation upon the domestic policy of the Repub-
licans of Mississippi by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] He declares that the
Legislature of Mississippi- is about to restore
the old repudiated debt of 1837, amounting,
principal and interest, to over thirty million
dollars, which has been bought up at two cents
on the dollar by that Legislature and their
friends. He went on to state that the reason
why Governor Alcorn refused to vacate the
Governor's chair to assume his place in the
United States Senate was that if he withdrew
his veto power this infamous ring job would at
once be put through the Legislature. His only
authority for this assertion, however, was a
defeated candidate for Congress in Mississippi,
whose animus of hostility to the party against
whom he makes this charge deprives it of all
authority. Sir, the charge itself is as false in
fact as its author has proved himself untrue to
his adopted country. The Mississippi debt
was repudiated by the ante-bellum Democracy.
Reconstructed Mississippi feels itself under no
obligation to meet those old scores of the sla-
very regime. The statement that the Gov-
ernor and Legislature are at variance upon
this point is equally false. Never have the
legislative and executive departments worked
in greater harmony in any State than in Mis-
sissippi under the present administration. As
my colleague [Mr. McKee] truly stated, not
five voices would be heard in the Legislature
in favor of assuming the payment of the repu-
diated debt. This attack comes with very ill
grace from a Representative from Kentucky.
I beg leave to recall that gentleman's attention
to the paragraph quoted from the Louisville
Courier-Journal the other day by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. The self-portraiture
of Kentucky Democracy in that lively sheet is
the best commentary upon the attack of the
gentleman upon the Republican party of Mis-
sissippi. Sir, let him look at home for edify-
ing examples of legislation.
I find that I have extended my remarks to a
greater length than I had at first calculated in
this exciting debate. I am glad, however, that
the gentlemen on the other side have seen proper
to prolong this discussion and to rally their ut-
most efforts to obstruct the passage of this bill.
I am satisfied that the managers of the Oppo-
sition are now convinced that they have made a
fatal mistake. The ventilation of the Ku Klux
outrages upon this floor has already had a
marked and beneficial effect in stiffening the
back of the Republican party, and in recalling
to the American people the perils of Democratic
ascendency. Not without reason, then, do we
find gentlemen on this floor and in the Senate
disposed to come to a vote. They would will-
ingly withdraw their elaborate defenses of Ku
Klux violence and bury the whole subject in
oblivion. But this we will not permit them to
do. They have here made a damning record,
which we propose to ventilate on the stump
and through the press. We intend to hold
them responsible before the American people,
before the world, at the bar of history, at the
bar of the Almighty Ruler of the universe,^ for
complicity in a plot of wholesale assassination,
as accessories before the fact. We charge them
with an attempt to cover up and help forward
an organized movement of treason, which, if
not arrested, will reopen the bloody issues of
civil war. Sir, it is impossible for the Democ-
racy, with their late record,_ to dodge this issue,
or to evade this responsibility. They must face
the music.
The Republican party is under unspeakable
obligations, obligations which it has neither the
will nor the power to ignore, "to fight it out
on this line!' if it takes another decade. Our
work will not be complete until the last impu-
dent and arrogant questioner of manhood suf-
frage is shamed to silence, until the recon-
struction policy of Congress is finally vindicated
against all cavil. The Republican party rose
grandly into history upon issues involving the
vital principles of our political gospel. It first
grappled with the advanced dogmas of pro-
slavery Democracy, which, by a perversion of
the executive, legislative, and judicial branches
of the national Government, attempted to over-
ride the autonomy of the free States, and to
extend their accursed system of bondage over
tne whole continent. We remember how a
southern nabob anticipated the privilege of
calling the roll of his slaves under the shadow
of the Bunker Hill monument. It was to resist
these pretensions that the Republican party
first took issue upon the restriction of slavery
to the Slates in which it had a pseudo-legal
existence. I say' pseudo legal, for 1 believe
that slavery from the beginning was contrary
to the organic law of this nation, the first trans-
cript of which was the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. The thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments are but specific inter-
pretations of the fundamental principle of
American democracy. Even before the re-
bellion all that was necessary to dissolve the
last link of bondage was an independent .uid
fearless judiciary, that would dare to apply the
constitutional doctrines to the abuses that had
grown up under the shadow of popular ignor-
ance and prejudice.
In making their primary issue, however, the
Republican party was wise. They well knew
that the exclusion of slavery from the public
domain was the most effective blow that could
then be struck. The enemy were fully alive
to the tremendous significance of the hostile
platform. They well knew that the free North
had in excess the elements of colonization,
of the propagation of new States orgaii.zed
upon the basis of freedom. U nder the oper-
ation of this progressive colonization of the
North they knew that their cherished monop-
oly of political power must soon be over-
thrown. They attempted by Federal authority
to forestall freedom in the Tarritories. Border
ruffianism deluged the soil of Kansas with
blood, but the slave power retired discomfited.
The defeat in the presidential campaign of
1860 rendered the oligarchy furious. Like
Napoleon at Waterloo, it staked its empire
upon one grand but desperate movement. The
rebellion was precipitated, presenting to the
nation the single issue of life or death. After
a momentary pause of indecision and alarm
the American people, by an impulse of elec-
tric thought, comprehended and accepted that
issue. Treason was drowned in seas of blood.
In the prosecution of the war broader issues
spontaneously opened up. New applications
of the Declaration of Independence were de-
manded. Old prejudices died hard, even in
loyal hearts ; but Providence ground them to
powder by the terrible attrition of civil war.
First, the colored man was admitted to the
Union ranks and allowed to shoot at white
rebels. Then came emancipation, first as a
military necessity and then as an embodiment
of organic law in the thirteenth amendment.
The crowning work of righteous legislation
yet remained. Four million freedmen were
in danger of reenslavement. To secure the
results already attained by the tremendous
sacrifices of the war, they must be clothed with
political powerand armed with the ballot. Old
prejudices disturbed the judgment of the peo-
ple and caused great indecision in the comple-
tion of this work of political regeneration.
Fortunately the enemy again began to demon-
strate, and the tide of loyal feeling rose. The
fifteenth amendment was adopted, and all dis-
tinctions of race, color, or previous condition
were forever obliterated from our organic law.
Sir, the Republican party will stand out in
history covered with glory for this grandest
achievement in Christian civilization, the rec-
ognition of the universal brotherhood of man.
It cannot falter till its work is secured. It will
not prove unfaithful to its historic prestige by
quailing in the completion of its task. It has
one more point of duty before it, the protec-
tion of loyal men in the South. We thank the
Ku Klux Klan for such demonstrations as ren-
der it utterly impossible for this great party to
forget its mission or to repose upon its laurels.
It will crown its beneficent career by render-
ing a future rebellion utterly impossible, by
securing to all men, white or black, native or
adopted citizens, an entire, an inviolable, au
unquestionable equality before the law.
