506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6
persons born or naturalized in the United
States are citizens. Thus, whatever may have
been the status of the white race, or any por-
tion of it before, this amendment makes them
citizens. What follows in section one of this
article, by way of limitation upon the power
of the States, applies equally to both races,
so that when a State is forbidden to make or
enforce any law abridging the privileges of
citizens of the United States, and when it is
forbidden to deprive any person of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law,
and is prohibited from denying to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws, we are to understand these prohi-
bitions as extending to all persons who are
made citizens by the first clause of the arti-
cle, whether Caucasian, African, or Asiatic in
origin. There is no torturing of language by
which we can strike out the word J'all" in
this article. If protection is guarantied to the
African, it is also to the Chinaman if natural-
ized ; and what warrant have we to claim that
the whites alone are excluded?
The fifth section of this article gives Con-
gress the power to enforce by appropriate
legislation all the provisions of this amend-
ment. One provision, as I have often had
occasion to say, is that no State shall deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws.
Now, sir, there has been a great deal of
criticism upon this word " deny." They who
oppose further legislation in this direction
argue : "Oh, sir, the States have not denied
this protection ; their Legislatures have not
passed any discriminating laws. The courts
are open there to all for all purposes of pre-
vention and redress. These offenses are all
punishable by State laws." But the fact
remains, Mr. President, that Union people,
particularly of the colored race, do not have
the equal protection of the laws in North
Carolina and most of the other States engaged
in the rebellion. They do not, even in Ken-
tucky, as has been abundantly shown in this
debate. Though the laws do not in terms dis-
criminate against them, still the fact is that
they invoke their protection in vain in a great
many localities, counties, and districts. There
is either such a condition of public sentiment
that they cannot be executed, or there is a
complicity with their oppressors on the part
of the officers who should, but do not, execute
them.
Now, sir, is not this state of things a prac-
tical denial of the equal protection of the laws?
One of the definitions of the verb "deny" is
"not to afford; to withhold." Now, can it
with fairness be said this equal protection is
not denied, when it is withheld, when it is not
afforded? Is there not a positive duty imposed
on the States by this language to see to it—not
only that the laws are equal, affording protec-
tion to all alike, but that they are executed,
enforced; that their protection is not withheld,
but afforded affirmatively, positively, to ail in
equal degree. Head again these words: the
equal protection of the laws is not to be de-
nied, in the light of the definition I have given
of the word "deny." Is not that a guarantee,
a solemn covenant of the people of the United
States, of protection to every person within
the jurisdiction of the States, of protection of
every right, privilege, and immunity?
I claim that when this equal "protection is
withheld, when it is not afforded, it is denied,
and the occasion at once arises for legislation
by Congress to carry this covenant into effect.
There is the warrant for the power as clear as
day. So long as the States do their duty in
affording protection, there is no pretext for
intervention by Congress. When they fail, that
instant the right of Congress attaches to secure
what the States fail to do, the equal protection
of the laws.
But it is argued with some plausibility that
the States do not deny this protection when
competent laws are made, and this leads me
to inquire, what is a State ? The word is used
in the Constitution sometimes in the sense of
its territory, sometimes in the sense of the
whole people or community, but generally in
the sense of a political body governed by rep-
resentatives—a com monwealth, with the powers
of government distributed into three separate
departments, the legislative, the executive,
and judicial. The persons charged with official
duties under one of these departments are for-
bidden, as a general rule, from exercising any
of the functions of another. Each department
has its sphere of duties and its officers. The
officers of all the departments combined con-
stitute the government. This government rep-
resents the State.
Now, the argument on the other side assumes
that the State does its whole duty in the prem-
ises when one department enacts a law. But
it need not be said that a law is of little account
without the cooperation of the two other de-
partments; for it must be interpreted and
applied by the judicial, and carried into execu-
tion by the executive department. Without
power of execution it is a mere dead letter.
Therefore it is obvious that when a State is
required by the Constitution to do this, or ab-
stain from that, it means not the legislative
branch of the State simply, but all the depart-
ments of the State government combined—all
are necessary to create and enforce a law.
For illustration, suppose the Legislature of
North Carolina provided a proper law and
proper courts, but the Governor commissioned
no judges or sheriffs; or suppose, having com-
missioned them, they should all resign or re-
fuse to act, as this report shows was the case
in one county: could it be maintained that the
State had not denied protection? No, sir;
the Constitution fairly interpreted means that
this protection is to be exerted by a law, in-
terpreted, applied, and executed inconformity
with the constitution and laws of the State.
But the question recurs, when and how shall
Congress intervene ? The real difficulty occurs
here. We are treading a new domain of power
without the torch of judicial interpretation.
Still wo are charged with the duty of devising
the mode and manner of stopping these out-
rages. The courts will decide whether what
we do is appropriate.
We cannot reach by law the grand jury
whicn refuses to indict these criminals, nor
can we punish the petit jury which refuses to
convict. The State officers, the constables and
sheriffs, who refuse to do their duty are beyond
our reach. We cannot touch any State official
for malfeasance, or misfeasance, or non-feas-
ance ; but we can say to all these unprofitable
servants, to all the civil agencies in the States,
" Your failure is our occasion and opportunity.
We will describe and punish as crimes against
the United States that class of offenses against
citizenship which you fail to punish. If in
doing this we seem to invade the reserved
rights of the States in punishing riots, arsons,
robberies, and murders committed in your
midst by organized bands of ruffians, it is be-
cause they have been committed against citi-
zens of the United States in violation of rights
secured by the national Constitution, and be-
cause you wholly fail to prevent and punish
them. You have brought this necessity upon
yourselves by refusing to obey a plain consti-
tutional duty not to withhold from any one the
equal protection of your laws. You have
omitted this duty habitually where the friends
of the Government were concerncd. The record
of a conviction does not exist in your midst
where you have punished a member of this
order of outlaws."
Mr. President, this is the process of reason-
ing by which I have come to the conclusion that
Congress may enact a law of general applica-
tion everywhere, exactly adapted to the exist-
ing evils in the South and which shall stop this
flow of blood. I cannot doubt that such a
power must, in the nature of things, exist.
There cannot be a wrong without the power
to provide a remedy. The Senator on my
right, [Mr. Ames,] in speaking the other day
to the resolution adopted yesterday, stated that
within sixty days in the presidential campaign
of 1868, in the State of Louisiana, there were
eight hundred and fifty-nine political murders,
the victims being Republicans. And yester-
day the Senator from that State to your right
[Mr. West] informed us that double the num-
ber would be no exaggeration. These outrages
upon life, person, and property are still going
on every day.
I find warrant for such power in the act of
February 28,1795, that of March 3,1807, in the
civil rights bill of 1866, which I have already
quoted from, and in the sixth section of the
enforcement act, so called, passed on the 31st
of May, 1870. I find precedent in these laws
for all the measures which have been pro-
posed.
Sir, I will not anticipate the action of the
committee of this body which has in charge
and under consideration the various remedies
proposed. But I confess my partiality for
the measure proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, who introduced the resolution
adopted yesterday. His plan, if I understand
its import correetly, is to make the property-
holders, the men of means who live in the local-
ities where these outrages occur, responsible
for them to the sufferers or their survivors;
in other words, to hold their estates liable for
the loss of life and property through the oper-
ations of this Ku Klux order. It is the appli-
cation to them of a very old rule which was
applied in England and France in very early
times, when disorders were frequent. The civil
division of the territory of England is into coun-
ties ; of these counties into hundreds; of these
hundreds into tithings, or towns, which division
we are told by Sir William Blackstone, owes
its origin to King Alfred, who, to prevent the
rapines and disorders which formerly pre-
vailed in the realm, instituted tithings, so called
from the Saxon, because ten freeholders with
their families composed one. These all dwelt
together, says the learned commentator, and
were sureties or free pledges to the king for
the good behavior of each other; and if any
offense was committed in their district, they
were bound to have the offender forthcoming.
The same commentator tells us that a reg-
ulation similar to the hundreds existed in
France two hundred years earlier than the
reign of King Alfred, set on foot by Clotha-
rius and Childebert, with a view of obliging
each district to answer for the robberies com-
mitted in its own division.
Thus you see, Mr. President, that the plan
is not without a precedent of ancient and high
authority. May we not, for the novelty of the
thing, try this remedy, since all others have
failed? I have a notion that if this whole-
some rule, which suppressed disorders in Eng-
land and France, were vigorously applied to
those disturbed districts now ranged over by
the Ku Klux, we should have no further occa-
sion to legislate or to listen to apologies for
these outrages in this Chamber. Let the
wronged men of the South bring the respect-
able citizens who countenance these outrages,
who could stop them at any moment, whose
word would disband these masked midnight
marauders, into the Federal courts, and make
them answer from their pockets for all the
losses. And when we do this I believe we shall
see the end of this miserable business.
senators fboji alabama and georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
postpone this resolution and all other business
and proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections with regard to the cases of Messrs.
Blodgett and Goldthwaite.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections is before the Senate.
