268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Organization-—Mr. Sloss.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kh Klux Organization.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. SLOSS,
of alabama,
Ik the House op Representatives,
April 4, 1871,
On the bill (H. E. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
. of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. SLOSS. Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding
the many and exhaustive speeches which have
been made in this House within the past two
weeks upon this bill, a sense of its importance
to my constituents and the influence which it
may exert upon the present and future of the
entire Republic impels me to raise my voice
in an effort for its defeat.
I will not, sir, go into an analytical discus-
sion of the different provisions of this meas-
ure ; the ablest minds in this Congress have
made it the subject of the closest scrutiny, and
we have heard from them unanswerable argu-
ments as to its illegal and unconstitutional
enactments—arguments which should bring
conviction home to all fair-minded men who
are unbiased by partisan views, and not blinded
by sectional feeling.
The bill ia in every way so contrary to the
letter and spirit of the Constitution of the
United States, even as amended by the Radical
party in power, that there is not the shadow
of a doubt that it will be pronounced null and
void by the Supreme Court. But the great
difficulty and trouble is, that a year or more
must elapse before any ease can reach the
court, and in the meanwhile it will be enforced
to the incalculable injury and terror of the
southern people.
The first section of this bill prohibits any
invidious legislation by States against the rights
or privileges of citizens of the United States.
The object of this section is not very clear, as
it is not pretended by its advocates on this floor
that any State has passed any laws endangering
the rights or privileges of the colored people.
The second section of the bill is most objec-
tionable and dangerous. Any persons con-
spiring to injure others with the intent or effect
of committing murder, manslaughter, robbery,
perjury, or any other crime, are liable to a
iine of $10,0U0 or imprisonment for a term of
years, or both, at the pleasure of the court.
United States district and circuit courts are
to take exclusive oognizanco of all this class
of offenses. The effect of this clause of the
bill will be to transfer the entire police and
criminal business of the State and county courts
to the Federal judiciary, thus undermining and
destroying the present State and Federal judi-
ciary systems that have heretofore worked so
harmoniously.
The third and fourth sections of the bill give
the President powertointerfere; either with or
without the request of the State authorities, in
any locality where violence may be said to pre-
vail. He is authorized to declare such districts
in insurrection, to call out the military and
naval forces of the Government, to apply mar-
tial law, and to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus.
The preamble and details of this bill place
in the hands of the President greater power
than has ever been exercised by any civil-
ized Government in time of peace. It gives
to the President of a free Republic greater
power than Napoleon ever had in the empire
of France, greater power than the Emperor
William, fresh from his bloody victories, can
or dare wield over united Germany. I cannot
think that a measure so objectionable in every
constitutional aspect, so monstrous in all its
provisions, so subversive of every boasted
theory of republican institutions, can meet
the approbation of a majority of this House,
poisoned against the South and perverted
though their minds may be.
I warn the gentlemen on the other side of
this Chamber to pause before they commit
this wrong against the free institutions of this
Republic, for this bill is equally dangerous
for the North as for the South. It is equally
applicable for Massachusetts as for Alabama.
And a step taken toward centralization and
despotism cannot at pleasure be retraced. It
is dangerous to confer such power. The Re-
public cannot long survive it. All history
admonishes against it.
What state of facts exists ? What exigency
calls for such extraordinary legislation at
this time? Sir, listening to the willfully false
charges against my own State and people, I
must believe that similar charges against the
other southern States are equally false and
unfounded. We are told here day after day
that the situation in the South is gloomy and
dismal in the extreme, and the country is filled
with horrors sent forth from this Hall of out-
rages perpetrated throughout that ill-fated land
upon innocent victims, (always innocent,) who
are shot down daily while in the performanee.of
their duties simply for opinion's sake. I have
sometimes been doubtful of my own identity
while listening to these terrible stories, and
have wondered by what process the mind of
man can conjure up such distempered fancies,
for many of these alleged atrocities are said
to have been and are taking place at my own
home and in my own State of Alabama.
For the most part these distempered fan-
cies have originated with northern Radicals,
who have no personal knowledge whatever
of the condition of things in the South, and
upon whom fear and hate have wrought these
frenzied visions; and their madness has this
method in it, that these calumnies and baseless
lies (for so I brand them) have been widely
circulated and constantly dwelt upon with the
sole object of party interest and for partisan
purposes; northern Radicals who, interested
only in the success of party, are more than will-
ing to accept as true the idle and malicious
reports of tnen who have violated the laws in
some southern State and, having escaped from
justice, are here with reports of unheard-of
outrages upon their patriotic and loyal persons.
These patriotic refugees have flocked here like
foul birds of prey, and in many instances have
been fastened upon the country by executive
appointments, claimed for their loyal martyr-
dom j claims made irrespective of fitness or
capacity and to the discredit of the country at
home and abroad, but too readily acceded to.
Sir, I desire to debate this question without
passion or prejudice, but my patience has been
sorely tried in listening to the speeches of men
upon this floor really without a constituency,
carpet-baggers, who know nothing of the con-
dition of the district or the people they mis-
represent, and care less, and whose reckless
and false statements are made merely to pander
to the authorities who have put them in power.
By carpet-baggers I do not mean the emi-
grant or native of another State who has gone
South with his means and his industry and his
energy to cast his fortunes with that people.
No, sir; such men, no matter from what sec-
tion they may come, no matter what may be
their political sentiments or their religious
creeds, are welcome there; and I do not know
an instance where such men have not been
treated with all respect, and their life and
property and every legal and social privilege
guarded as inviolate as my own. By carpet-
baggers I mean the needy and seedy political
adventurer who, ignored aud cast out by his
own community, has taken advantage of the
disfranchised and persecuted people of the
South, and, through fraternizing with and cajol-
ing the negro population, and in more than
one notable instance through force of arms, lias
foisted himself upon communities with whom
he has no interest, not even that of race, and
who claims here to be a Representative of a
southern State ; a Representative who, if failing
to-morrow in his reelection, would not return
to share the fortunes or join in the industries
of that people, but would go back at once to •
his northern home, bearing with him the spoils
of his adventure. Of such needy adventurers
the South has had enough, and cries out in its
agony of a swindled treasury, an overburdened
tax, and a misrepresented people to be spared
any further infliction.
That disorders and infractions of law have
existed, and to a limited extent still exist, in
the South no informed or intelligent gentle-
man will deny. Such a condition of things
was but natural upon the disbandment of a
large army and the return to civil pursuits of
a large body of men who for four years bore
arms in the bloody conflicts of the war. But
that any political or other organization known
as the Ku Klux, banded together by solemn
oaths and secret signs, organized for any polit-
ical or sectional purpose to burn, kill, and
destroy, ever existed in the southern States,
except in the disordered fancies of timorous
adventurers, I most emphatically deny, and.
invite and challenge proof to the contrary.
Such disorders and infractions of law have
occurred more or less in all sections of the
country. Those which have occurred in the
South, nearly in every instance personal feuds,
have been grossly exaggerated and made to
serve by the party in power the accomplish-
ment of party ends, to secure a continuance
of that power.
This bill is not intended for the preservation
of peace and law and order in the South. The
pretense is a shallow one, and has no found-
ation in fact. To beguile the people these
gross misstatements are made, and they tell
you such legislation is necessary. It is a vile
scheme, hatched in the brains of vile men,
traitors to the Constitution, to perpetuate the
power of the Radical party, and nothing more
or less. Why is it not sought to apply this
legislation to northern States where disorders
exist? The Ku Klux of the South, granting,
for the sake of argument, all the stories that
we hear of their devilish work, are not worse
than the miners' leagues of Pennsylvania. On
this subject I quote from a responsible and
respectable authority, the New York Journal
of Commerce:
"If southern States have their Ku Klux Elans,
Pennsylvania has her Mollie Maguires and Buck-
shots. The formal' occasionally hang, whip, or exile
a criminal. Their specialty seems to be breaking
open jails, taking out murderers and thieves who
they tear will escape legal punishment and making
short shrift of them, or laying hickory withes on
their bare backs, or escorting them to the county
limits and significantly advising them never to re-
turn. The Buckshots and Mollie Maguires of Penn-
sylvania vary the Ku Klux programme somewhat.
They do not hang those whom they would make
away with, but put kegs of powder under their
houses, and blow them sky-high. They dispense
with the regimen of whipping, and are not addicted
to giving ceremonious escorts to persons whom they
would banish; for those operations, as conducted by
the Ku Kluxes, require an open mustering of forces,
a procession by day or night, and some courage on
the part of the performers. The miners' societies,
kuown by the slang names that we have mentioned,
act in a more stealthy but not less venomous man-
ner. They send frightfully threatening rf'otes to
their intended victims, and these rarely fail to have
an effect, because it is well understood that it will
be followed up with swift and secret punishment.
The receiver of the anonymous scrawl either com-
plies with the union requirements or flies the coun-
try. The Pennsylvania outlaws and the southern
variety have other radical differences. The latter do
their misdeeds under the pretense of rectifying the
maladministration of law and creating order where
there is none. The former defy both law and order,
and the men upon whom they wreak vengeance
have committed no other crime than daring to earn
bread for themselves and their starving wives and
children before the union gives them permission to
work.
" Both the Ku Kluxes and their Pennsylvania
congeners are'bad, but the latter are far the worse
of the two. At this moment they are rendering a
