508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6.
ENFORCEMENT OP FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of House bill No. 320, to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SNYDER obtained the floor.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Snyder] yield for
a suggestion in regard to the business of the
day?
Mr. SNYDER. With pleasure.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
announced yesterday that at the close of to-
day's session I would ask that the previous
question be ordered. A very large number
of members, however, desire that the debate
shall be brought to a close sooner. I therefore
state that I shall aim to have the previous ques-
tion ordered soon after two o'clock to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that if he will bring this bill to a final vote
to-day some one of us will move an adjourn-
ment until Monday.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will merely say
that, without-desiring to cutoff opportunity for
proper amendment, I shall ask the House to
order the previous question at not later than
two o'clock, with the view of finishing the bill
to-night and adjourning over till Monday.
Mr. VOORHEES. How long will debate
be Open after the previous question is ordered ?
Mr. DAWES. One hour.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What chance
does that give us for amendments ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The time be-
tween now and half past two o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that it is the
desire of the House to pass the deficiency bill
and then adjourn this Congress at the earliest
possible moment. Why then adjourn over
until Monday next?
Mr. DAWES. X suppose that for several
days of next week the House will have noth-
ing to do, or not much, and during that time
it will be better to work upon the deficiency
bill.
Mr. WOOD. Take the deficiency bill up
now, after the pending bill has been disposed
of.
Mr, DAWES. The reason for adjourning
till Monday is that, after the pending bill shall
have been disposed of, there will be nothing
before the House for its consideration except
the deficiency bill. And if we shall dispose
of the deficiency bill to-morrow, then all the
time this pending bill shall be under consid-
eration in the other branch of Congress the
House will have nothing to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If we can dispose
of the deficiency bill this week, and there is
nothing for the House to act upon next week,
we can at least adjourn from day to day.
Mr. HAY. I hope there will be no adjourn-
ment of this Congress until sometime is given
to the consideration of the apportionment bill
introduced by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mercur.] 1 trust there will be
no overslaughing of that bill. I wish to have
it considered in all its provisions, especially
that the amendment which was offered here by
Mr. Judd, of Illinois, during the last Congress
may be considered, allowing to the western
States that, may gain representation under the
new census an opportunity to have their addi-
tional Representatives here next winter. I
hope we shall not adjourn from to-day until
Monday with a view of closing this session
merely upon the consideration of the deficiency
bill. I hope this House will not adjourn until
we have taken up the bill of Mr. Mercur,
which is introduced and which will be printed
and laid upon the desks of members this
morning.
_ Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. As a Representa-
tive from one of the southern States, I desire
to state that I am equally interested in the
apportionment bill, because the State which
I have the honor in part to represent will
be entitled to two additional Representatives
under that bill.
The SPEAKER. The apportionment bill
is not now under consideration.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will permit me, I will
assume that all of us are desirous of adjourn-
ing this session at the earliest possible mo-
ment. I will assume, further, that there are
but two measures which the majority of the
two Houses desire to pass before the final
adjournment: one is the Ijill now pending
before this House, and the other is the defi-
ciency appropriation bill. I understand that
the conclusion at the other end of the Capitol,
as well as in this House, is that no-other meas-
ure shall be consummated at this session of
Congress. I suggest, therefore, that we con-
sider the deficiency appropriation bill at once,
as it comes to us from the Senate; that we
give ample opportunity for examination and
discussion of that bill, and after we shall have
concluded our consideration of it, which should
be in two or three days, we can send it back
to the Senate while that body is considering
the Ku Klux bill which we rnaysend to them.
And in that way at some early day next week
we may simultaneously dispose of both those
bills and be ready to adjourn this session of
Congress.
Mr. HAY. I ask the indulgence of the House
for one moment longer. I have spoken with
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations of the last Congress, [Mr. Dawes,] and
he says that no harm will result to the country
should the deficiency appropriation bill be laid
upon the table; that the Interior Department
could get along very well without the appropri-
ations contained in' that bill for the pension
service for the war of 1812. Hence I say that
if we can get along without further appropria-
tions for that purpose that bill may as well be
laid upon the tabie now as not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
hear the gentleman from Massachusetts make
that statement himself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sheiaabarger] who has charge of
the pending bill any definite announcement
to make to the House in regard to proposed
action upon that bill ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have only to
state that at half past two o'clock I shall ask
the House to vote upon the previous question.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the House now resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 320, for the
enforcement of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes, upon which the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Snyder] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SNYDER addressed the House in re-
marks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. EDWARDS. Ifully approve theamend-
ments that have been offered to the bill. On
their adoption I will vote for it. From tho
well-known character of the gentlemen who
are the projectors of the bill, I doubt not they
have had sufficient evidence before them of the
existence of unlawful combinations in certain
States and localities to resist the legal author-
ities, as well as to jeopardize the peace and
safety of society. If such is the fact, and the
local authorities are powerless to overcome any
such lawlessness, then it becomes the duty of
the national authority to lend its aid. I have
no doubt the President will exercise the author-
ity thus conferred with becoming caution and
due consideration. If there should be any-
thing wrong, either in the doubtful authority
conferred or in-the practical operation of tho
law, it will be of short duration, for the law
will expire by limitation in a little over one
year's time.
The people of the State which I have the
honor to represent in part, as a mass, I care not
to what party they may belong, are opposed
to all illegal combinations that tend to disturb
the peace of the country. Two years ago
there were considerable unlawful combina-
tions to resist the legal authorities, but by the
prompt action of the Executive they were soon
overcome, and since then peace and tranquil-
lity have prevailed, and there is as much obe-
dience to the law and security to life and prop-,
erty as in any State in the Union. I wish I
could say as much in behalf of the cause of
liberty. By a very infamous registration law
in our State and by its execution at the bands
of some bad registrars, petty despots, not less
than five thousand citizens of my district were
denied the right to vote on account of their
political opinions, many of whom were loyal-
ists during the war and many were Union
soldiers. Here, sir, was an act of oppression
which transcended that forwhich our forefath-
ers rebelled and threw off the yoke of British
rule and tyranny because they were taxed and
had no representation in the British Parlia-
ment.
Ten thousand citizens in my district are dis-
franchised, possess no voice in the selection
of the agents to make and execute the laws,
yet are compelled to bear the onerous burden
of taxation for the support of the national and
local governments. These things are irritat-
ing, and should not be.
_ Mr. Speaker, the soundest solution of the
disorders said to exist at the South in some
localities is amnesty. This isthe key to unlock
the door to the way that is to lead to a gen-
eral state of tranquillity and repose. There is
no political necessity, in my opinion, that
demands a continuance of further oppression
in that direction. Let every man over the age
of twenty-one years, be he black or white,
enjoy the privilege of free access to the ballot-
box, then contentment and happiness will
prevail.
The great and victorious Republican party
can afford to be magnanimous. The smoke
of battle has long since passed away ; and in
order to develop the great natural resources of
the country, and build up enterprise and com-
mercial relations with the world, we have only
to show a liberal spirit. That course of con-
duct will commend itself to the just and think-
ing men of all parties. The great Republican
party will live and flourish upon the affections
of the people, let the storm howl as it may.
A cramped policy, a policy founded in force,
oppression, and injustice, is not statesmanship,
and cannot stand the test of time. We pro-
fess to have a republican form of government—
all power derived from the people ; we must
trust the people, or else republicanism is a
force. It is impossible to continue this state
of things much longer.
"Truth is omnipotent anil public justice certain."
"Taxation and representation must go to-
gether," was the key-note of 1776, and must
be the key-note now.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have been a life-long friend
of the colored race. I have plead their cause,
the cause of humanity, when the black man
was crushed under the iron heel of despotism.
Now he is free in all things before the law.
Now I appeal to the colored people through-
out the country to be the first to come to the
rescue, and aid in removing the shackles from
the white man's limbs. Having but recently
emerged from under thegalling yoke of slavery,
the black race cannot in turn become a party
to enslave the white racc, a race endowed
by cultivation, intelligence, and refip-^^ent.
Then the God of lieaven will smile upon the
black man's efforts, and not until then. No
party schemes of success and of temporary
power should for one moment weigh in the
scales against right, truth, and justice. The
