1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish I had time to spare
to give to the gentleman.
Mr. COOK. I will not take more of your
time than you did of mine.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not so many
minutes at my disposal as you had ; but I will
hear the gentleman's question.
Mr. COOK. Does not the gentleman mis-
represent my argument when he says that I
acknowledged that a combination to destroy
rights secured by the United States Government
is not an offense against the United States?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I put the question to the
gentleman whether combination or conspiracy
was, ipso facto, an offense coming under the
jurisdiction of the United States, and he ex-
pressly admitted that it was not. But he said
that the combination, when it grew and in-
creased, and became sufficiently strong, might
produce a necessity which would call for the
action of the United States Government, and
especially so when the State authorities should
invoke the aid of the Federal power.
Mr. COOK. I stated that an attempt to
deprive any citizen of a right guarantied by
the United States Constitution is an offense
against the United States, and a combination
to do that is a crime that might be punished
by the United States laws.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman must
excuse me for interrupting him ; I have not
time to yield further. I havegiven thelanguage
made use of in the debate yesterday, the
answers to the questions which I put, and I
have given the gentleman the full benefit of the
statements he made.
Mr. Speaker, it is clear to me that gentlemen
on the other side have failed to define this new
Federal power. They have given us no idea
of the extent of jurisdiction, except, as I have
stated before, in general and glittering defini-
tions, which have no meaning when you come
to apply them to this bill. I asked my able
and eloquent friend on my right [Mr. Bing-
ham] to lay down the second section of this
bill beside the definition he was giving, and he
declined to measure it by any such measure.
He had a right to so decline. But no gentle-
man here, to whom I have listened, has been
able to define this power, or tell us where it
ends or where it begins.
Are we, sir, to trust this great power in the
hands of one man? Some gentleman has said
that God never made a man in whose hands
we could trust this power. Sir, if General
Grant were the greatest man in the United
States, and I do not think he is; if he were
the wisest and best man in the United States,
and I do not think he is; if he were the purest
patriot m the world, and I do not think he is;
if he were as pure in heart, as just in feeling,
as magnanimous in mind, as forgiving in spirit,
as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks]
or the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] and I certainly think he is, I would
not trust him with that power. Sir, it is of
some interest for us to know in whose hands
power is placed ; but the power proposed by
this bill should, in my judgment, never be
conferred upon any one.
Mr. Speaker, the quiet and order of the
people of the southern States since the war
ended is the wonder of the world. History
furnishes no parallel. They have consented
and submitted to all that has been required
of them by the conqueror, even to be ruled
in some of the States by their former slaves.
They have done all this in the vain expecta-
tion that they would be met in the same spirit
of forbearance. They have not been so met,
and to this fact I attribute most of the troubles
that now exist.
The remedy, in my judgment, is amnesty ;
full, free, universal amnesty. Let the people
of the States alone, lot them settle down in
quiet and peace, and all will be well. There
will be no more outrages, no more Ku Klux
Klan, no more disregard of law. Then will
peace and order again reign in that beautiful
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLARD and Mr. YOORHEES next
addressed the House in remarks which will
appear in the Appendix.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to say a few words
in regard to my own State, and in answer
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
iiees.] I desire to say that, despite the asser-
tions of that gentleman, there have been great
outrages committed. There is no doubt that
in my State men have been killed, whipped,
scourged, driven from their homes, and hunted
down like dogs, because of their political
opinions. The murders and outrages com-
mitted at Meridian, Mississippi, where twenty-
eight negroes and two white men were killed
because of theirpolitical opinions, are perfectly
appalling.
The Governor of the State believes that the
State government is sufficiently powerful to put
down these murderous bands and preserve the
peace, and because of this belief it has been
charged at the other end of the Capitol, and
reiterated upon this floor, that he is an apostate
to the party which elected him, while gentle-
men on the other side quote him as authority
that peace and good order obtain in Missis-
sippi. I tell the gentlemen on the other side
that Governor Alcorn is not an apologist for
crime or violence, whether it be of Ku Klux
or other origin; and, at the same time, 1 tell
my friends on this side that a ten-line telegram
is not a sufficient authority for them to brand
a Republican Governor with apostasy. As was
shown by my colleague [Mr. Barry] yester-
day, the riots at Richmond, at New Orleans,
at Memphis, all occurred under the adminis-
tration of Republican Governors whose party
fealty never was or could have been challenged.
And I claim the same exemption for Governor
Alcorn in connection with the Meridian riot;
and as proof of his realfeeling in this regard,
I ask that this official record—not a ten-line
telegram—his official record as contained in a
message sent to the Legislature of the State on
the 1st day of the present month, be read at
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The speaker laid before the house the following
message from the Governor '■
" To the Senate and House of Representatives :
"Gentlemen: While the State generally enjoys a
repose unknown to itsinee the close of the war, tho
recent outrages at Meridian and at a few other places
on our eastern border point to possibilities which
demand special measures of detection and punish-
ment. In anticipation of such a necessity, I asked
you in my annual message for authority to deal with
the crimes of the Ku Klux by an olfer of reward as
high as $25,000, and added, what I now again urge
upon you earnestly, 'that the rewards oBored lor
the detection of men engaged in outrages perpetrated
by what is called Ku Klux, in any county, shall,
when paid by the Executive, be made a special tax
upon that county.'' With the,right to change the
venue on the part of the State placed in my hands,
a power which cannot fail in effectiveness will have
been set in motion with certain success m not only
detecting and punishing, but to a great extent in
otherwise preventing the outrages of those mid-
night assassins.
"To render still more effectivo tho agencies of the
government for the repression of organized lawless-
ness on our eastern border, or anywhere else that it
may show itself hereafter, X invite your attention
earnestly to my message of the 11th of February on
the difficulties of the auditor of public accounts as
to the exercise of my power under the militia law.
The sixth section of that act authorizes me to or-
ganize the militia, but tho auditor thinks he has no
power to pay the expenses incurred in that organ-
ization ; and, though that question has been under
the consideration ol your honorable bodies for now
several weeks, I call your attention respectfully to
the fact that even the accounts of General Stalford
and Colonel Ireland for services in carrying outthat
organization remain still unpaid. I urge upon your
consideration the expediency of settling the aud-
itor's doubts in this matter and of placing it beyond
question that the authority charged in the letter of
the law with the rightof calling out the militia shall
not be excluded from the exercise of that right by
a denial of his power to order payment for even a
soldier's ration.
" Section thirty-five of the militia law gives me
the power to ' organize and equip not to exceed one
regiment of cavalry.' With a question of my author-
ity to order payment for a single saddle or a car-
tridge-box, this conveyance of power becomes a dead
letter. I again invite the attention of your honor-
able bodies to this fact; and do so with the earnest
request that in addition to actual authority to organ-
ize the militia generally, you give me actual author-
ity to organize and call into the field a cavalry regi-
ment of picked men foroperation wherever masked
assassins shall be seen; the cost of the subsistence
of those troops to be levied as a special tax upon tho
county to which they shall have been called by the
appearance of masked assassins. With this power
made good in my hands, outside any scruples of tho
auditor of public accounts, such tax-payers as shall
dare to tolerate by their sympathies the perform-
ances of the Ku Klux will very soon find out that
that toleration will have cost them heavily ill penal
taxes."
Mr. PERCE. Governor Alcorn believes he
can sustain and preserve the peace by State
authority with the grant of powers asked for
in this message. Admitting for the sake of
argument, and for that purpose alone, that he
can, I ask : if it be necessary to resort to such
extreme measures in a State where we have a
Republican Governor and State government,
a Legislature, three fourths of which are Re-
publican, and all the county offices in the hands
of the party, what will become of the poor loynl
Alabamian-s where they have a Democratic
Governor, Legislature, and Government to aid
and abet in their persecution? I do not agree
with Governor Alcorn in his belief that he can
by State authority put down the lawlessness
and violence in the State. I wish to God I
could. I believe there must be a power exer-
cised from without the State to coerce peace and
enforce the law. This power can only come
from and be exercised by the United States,
and hence the necessity for the passage of the
bill now under discussion.
And, now, sir, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Vooeiiees] stands upon this floor and
states that the Republican Governors and
Legislatures were at fault, because they had
not asked the General Government for protec-
tion to the lives and property of the citizens
of their States; that they were derelict and to
that extent responsible for the outrages, the
murders, the whippings. Sir, I ask that the
following telegram from the superintendent of
public instruction of Mississippi be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Jackson, Mississippi, March 29,1871.-
Hon. Geo. C. McKee, Member Bouse of Representa-
tives, Washington J louse :
House resolution requesting Governor to call for
troops to suppress violence passed the senate Sat-
urday last.
II. R. PEASE,.
Superintendent of Education.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaker, I have had no
desire to address the House upon the bill now
pending, and did not enter upon the general
debate. In tho preliminary action preceding
this measure and this debate, I was, perhaps,
more active than any other member of this
House, and 1 was content with the good I
believe I have done in bringing the whole sub-
ject prominently before the country. If we
have done nothing else, we have driven tho
Democracy from their covert of denial and
concealment. Two short weeks ago and they
denied the existence of such an organization
as the Ku Klux Klan. Two short weeks ago
their leaders declared that the southern coun-
try was as peaceable, quiet, and orderly as any
portion of the whole land of equal extent and
population. Now they admit the existence of
the villainous organization, and, instead of
denying, seek to palliate and excuse, and, by
denunciation of better men than themselves
and by calling names, seek to hide the enorm-
ity and extent of its hideous crimes, violence,
and bloodshed.
Sir, the dens of the Ku Klux Klan have by
this debate been penetrated by the light of truth
and civilization, their hellish deeds have been
arraigned before the bar of public sentiment
all over the country, North and South, judg-
ment has been pronounced against them by*\
the people, and they inevitably must and will
go down. Sir, I venture to assert that for the
past two weeks there has not been a meeting
of the Klan in all our borders, and if the Repub-
