2U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. oi Reps.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr. Porter.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
"A few days since we observed that the lack of
vigor on our part tends to encourage lawlessness. Is
this not an example in point? Do we not see that
our outlawry is enlarging its sphere and growing
more enterprising as we fail to meet it with acts pro-
portioned to its force and extent? But a fortnight
ago it rode down upon the postal service of the Fed-
eral Government in broad daylight, and one of
our most public nighways.narrowly escaped a wan-
tou murder. A train guard of soldiers is the con-
sequence. Now it rides into the capital of the State,
overcomes the police that watch the rest of our legis-
lators, our Governor, our judges, and ail our Com-
monwealth authorities, seizes a prison, releases a
murderer, and rides oft in triumph.
"Meanwhile all the world wonders, and many an
ugly question is asked. Does the Legislature con-
nive at these things ? Has it surrendered the State
to the Ku Klux? Must the weak a.id lowly among
us seek elsewhere for that protection which our ioen I
government owes but refuses to the poorest citizen?
In the better day coming will any man boast that,
as a trusted guardian of Kentucky's peace and honor,
he winked at these infamous disorders, nay, encour-
aged and abetted them by emasculating our tribu-
nals and gagging the witnesses and the victims ol such
crimes?
*' We hope the Legislature will not adjourn with-
out some assertion ot the dignity and efficiency of
our local sovereignty. We ask it not to put such a
shame upon us all—not to leave this grand old Com-
monwealth exposed, as no other generation of her
sons ever exposed her, to the mercy of the lawless
and the derision of her enemies 1"
I hold in my hand an editorial from the
same paper, written upon the occasion of the
adjournment of tbe Democratic Legislature
of Kentucky, which occurred last month.
Speaking ot' the Legislature, this Democratic
organ says:
" Wo need not speak of its vacillation as to negro
testimony, lteason has long ago exhausted the
argument on that subject. But, what shall wo say of
its treatment of the ku Klux bill ? It piddled from
first to last, and dared not act. Its timidity served
to eon arasre violence, which increased its audacity.
Outlawry went on unchallenged under its vary
elbow. It paid no attention to the North Benson
affair, which rang over all the country. It did n -t
so much as rebuke the raid upon i'mnkfort. liut
it wa.s quick to revenge itself on an anonymous cor-
respondent ot a weak and uninfiuential newspaper
who had offended its dignity.
"In the matter of tho Ku Jvlux we see how its non-
action has embarrassed us at Washington. Our Sen-
ators and Representatives uro weaponless. They can
say nothing. The Legislature has put tho weapons
in the hands of the enemy. When Mr. Shkhman
taunts us with having done nothing, and bases his
argument in favor of A'cdnral intorforonoo on the
fact that we have done nothing, we are dumb. The
idle gabble that tho Ku Klux are all Radioals in
disguiso is evon weaker than tho silly platitude that
there is no such thing as the Ku Kluxatall. If the
lvu Klux are ltadicals, the more reason to put them
down. If there is no such order, there is outlawry
which calls for extraordinary appliances. The o
appliances our Uovornor recommended. The press
urged them. But the Legislature stood with a cigar
in its mouth and a champagne glass in its hand, and
would do nothing-.
" Who will contradict this? We state only facts,
and regretfully, l'ho Legislature is dead. Itoon
heed us no iongor. It doesu't oare what we sa.y. It
has had its day. But we remain and have to hold
toe bug. \Ve entreated it to fill that bag with sound
Democratic measures. We entreated it to give us
arguments with which wo might go to tho people.
But it rotused. It tossed us the bag to hold, and we
find it filled only with empty wine bottles and cigar
stumps."
Another Kentucky paper, the Maysville Re-
publican, lias kept from day to day a record
of the murders committed in the State since
January 1, and in the last issue the count had
risen to thirty two. It is said that not a single
conviction has taken place, that in half the
eases no arrests have been made, and that in
one fourth of them no attempt at arrest has
been made.
And, by the way, if there is a Republican
Legislature in any of the southern States as
trifling, disgraceful, drunken, and corrupt as
this Kentucky Legislature, as portrayed in this
same editorial from the Louisville Courier-
Journal, I challenge the Democratic .Repre-
sentatives from Kentucky, or any of our polit
leal adversaries on this floor, to point it out and
furnish the proof, instead of vehement and
unsupported assertion. Ay, I challenge them
to successfully point to a single Republican
Legislature in the South that has been or is
Corrupt, at all.
But to the editorial of the Journal:
" The Close of the Session—The Kentucky Legisla-
ture has aujourned at last. It eked out its exist-
ence as long as it was able, and died reluctantly.
No one mourns it but itself. While it lived it was
regarded as incapable. Now that it is dead, it will be
remembered only as the weakest Assembly that was
ever elected in the State. Its conduct throughout
was whimsical and inconsistent. Its characteristic
seems to have been champagne and cigars. Altern-
ately stuffed with vanity and spleen, and oysters
and grog, it grew arrogant and fat. It affected
statesmanship and good dinners. It had amazing
talent for idleness, frivolity, and supercilious con-
ceit. It may be described, in brief, as a great sham
and humbug, squandering the money of the State,
sacrificing the interest of its constituents, pamper-
ing its appetites, and fabricating campaign material
for the use of the Radicals. The record it leaves
behind it is simply disgraceful. Kentucky is well
rid of it. The Democratic people rejoice that it is
no more. May we never see its like again.
" We write these words in sorrow, not in anger.
They are true words. They express pubtoc opinion.
No man will deny theny busiest they should be
charged with exaggeration or malice, it may not be
amiss to support them with a few details illustrative
of the general picture they convey. Invective con-
fesses itself powerless. The career of this Legisla-
ture is a withering invective.
44 Take its action on any one of the leading ques-
tions that came before it—the Cincinnati railroad
bill, the Ku Klux bill, the conventional interest
bill, the negro testimony bill—and we have nothing
but a weary chronicle of purposeless imbecility and
pretentious display.
"It came to Louisville to bo wined and dined, and
there was an orgy at the Gait House. It went to
Cincinnati to be stuffed and swilled, and there was
an orgy there. Then it went back to Frankfort,
where it was suffused with liquor and tobacco. It
beat the Cincinnati bill. It passed tho Cincinnati
bill. Then, having Paid its debt, it finally killed it
outright, the house, which had voted both ways,
leaving tho senate to finish the job. Everybody
 bout the Capital Hotel knows that the lobbying
was shocking to decency. Everybody in l?rankfort
can bear witness to the low moral standard that
prevailed while Loxiisville and Cincinnati furnished
pleuty of food aod drink, and kept the situation
warm and lively on secret-service luxuries. People
may laugh at all this. But it was no laughing mat-
ter. It was merely corruption considerably drunk
and hilarious. That is all." * * * *
"Take conventional interest. The Legislature
passed that. I3ut it did not pass it until it had re-
jected it a time or two. 'The bill was dead. No one
had any hopes of it. Whatwas done? Why.ameet-
ing ol merchants was held at the Board of Trade in
this oity,* #800 was subscribed; this sum was invested
in champagne and cigars. It was enough. Next
week conventional interest became a law. It is hard
to write these things; but they are public; they are
well known; they are as familiar on Main street as
household words. There is a way to correct all this,
and the people can do it. They should call each one
of their representatives to a strict accountability.
They should inspect the record. Thoy should scan
each vote.
" If wo have said anything that is false or mali-
cious. if our remarks fail to apply to any particular
member,lethiin acquithimself. Therecord is down
in black and white. No man can go back of that.
Our solo object is good Democratic government. We
oare nothing about the individual particles that
make up this government. We have no personal
ill-will toward thy Legislature. On the contrary, we
have sincere personal regard for many of its mem-
bers. There are many ot them who have done their
duty, and they will beable to prove that. They will
admit what we have said; and let us hope that it
will not be said.in vain, but that the people will
take tho matter in hand this summer, and make it
count for something in the selection of members to
the next Assembly."
Now, let us look at some of the States,
lately in rebellion. I have not time to go
through all of them. But I undertake to say
that the testimony, sworn and otherwise, and
of an entirely reliable character, shows that
this Ku Klux organization exists in all the late
rebellious States, except Virginia. In the lan-
guage of one of the witnesses before the Senate
committee, it " runs plumb through the South."
I shall rely upon Democratic authority, which
Democrats will not and cannot dispute, to
establish the existence and the designs of this
organization. I read from the Shelby Guide,
a Democratic newspaper, of a recent date, pub-
lished at that place, in the State of Alabama;
"The latest Ku Klux outrages are of a horrible
character, and were perpetrated upon the persons
ot two negroes in Jackson county, in this State. The
battle-cnT of the Democracy in the late canvass was
Maw and order.' and against the 'fools and thieves'
in power. Governor Lindsay has been installed in his
office now nearly two months, within which time a
number of these cold-blooded murders have been
committed, and all the victims, except perhaps one,
were negroes; yet not in one single instance, except
tho murder of the white man, Amos^G. Harris, in
the city oi Montgomery, right under the nose of the
Governor, has ttiere been a single reward offered
by his Excellency lor tho perpetrators of these dia-
bolical ueeds. In our own county, in the enlight-
ened community of Montevallo, where* Lindsay and
retorm' received 412 outof422votescast,at least 100
ot them negroes, one of these horrible murders has
been committed and no notice taken of it, except by
the employer of the negro, who offered a reward of
$300, through^the columns of tho Selma Times, for
testimony sufficient to convict the parties engaged in
the affair; and except this advertisement and a six-
line editorial in the Times, calling attention to the
advertisement, this horrible affair received no notice
at the hands of the press of the State except through
the columns of the Selma Argus aud Montgomery
Advertiser."
1 now read acommunication, which appeared
in a late issue of the Selma (Alabama) Argus,
another good Democratic newspaper, from
which we learn that it is no crime to kill a
negro or to rob a Yankee:
Sir: I see from your article in your last issue
(January 27) that you accuse a body of disguised men
ot going to (irecnsborougli, on Tuesday last, and re-
leasing a man irom the jail in that place who had
been confined tor horse-stealing. We inform you,
sir. that your author has told a malicious false-
hood. The man who was released on that evening
was not confiued tor horse-stealing, but tor killing a
negro and the talcing of a Yankee's horse (openly)
that it might enable him to make his escape from a
court (like Blacklord's) of injustice; and we say to
you, sir, that the party did not visit Greensborough
on that evening for the purpose of releasing thi3 man
McCrary, but for the purpose of catching and giv-
ing Mr. Blackford what he lawfully deserves and
will get before the 1st day of March. We do not
communicate to you for the purpose of clearing our-
selves ot but ono thing, and that is the release of a
horse-thief. {Sir, it is not our object to release
thieves; but. on the other hand.it is our sworn duty
to bring them all to justice, and we in tins section
of country intend and will see that all thieves shall
be punished to tfce extent of the law, and in cases
where the law cannot reach them the party that re-
leased the man in Greensborough will give them all
they deserve, and perhaps a little more.
Yours, truly, «kc., • K. W. C.
Now, let us look at the State of South Caro-
lina. I read from the Abbeville Press, a Dem-
ocratic paper printed in that State. Speaking
recently in regard to the deeds of the Ku Klux
Klan, the editor says:
"All good citizens must unite in denouncing
them as evil,and onlyevil.as increasing tenfold the
troubles they seek to remedy. They are neither to
be justified, excused, nor palliated, They are alike
lawless, unauthorized, and impolitic. Lawless they
are, because they transgress the highest obligations
which we owe to God and man; unauthorized, because
they involve, without their consent, a whole com-
munity inthe bitter consequences of the act of a reck-
less few; impolitic, because they inaugurate a reign
of violence which is destructive of every interest of
society.
"Better the veriest despotism which ever crushed
out the spirit of a free people than this lawless
anarchy, which makes the live3 and prop'erty ot
the citizen the sport of every reckless marauder.
Between such a state of things and the military
we choose the latter. Sooner than this, let the State
be remanded to the territorial condition, or gov-
erned as a conquered province by the strong arm
of military law."
The Charleston (South Carolina) News, an-
other Democratic organ, says:
. " In common with the great mass of the law-abid-
mg people of South Carolina, we deeply deplore the
murderous outrages which have been committed in
Unipn county bytheso-calledKuKluxKian. These
outlaws, there is good reason to believe, are chicfly
from Georgia and North Carolina, but some of them
are Union county men. They have made themselves
the judge and jury. They gave to the miserable pris-
oners no opportunity of saying a word in their de-
fense. It may be that the action of the marauders
was precipitated by the rumor that the prisoners in
jail were about to be removed to Columbia, where
they might hope for a partial trial and a speedy
acquittal, l'his, however, is no excuse for the das-
tardly crime of their self-constituted executioners.
"Thereis no justification whatever for the down-
right murders in Union county committed by the dis-
guised desperadoes who call themselves Ku Klux.
They are neither more nor less than murderers, and
itis demanded that they be brought at once to the
bar of justice, or scourged beyond the limits of the
State."
These commendable denunciations on the
part of a Democratic judge and Democratic
newspapers unfortunately do not reflect the
sentiment of the Democratic party of the
