512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
lican party is true to itself, to its traditions,
and to the country, there will never be again.
I have no fear of the reestablishment of this
organization. What I do fear is, that the
Democratic party of the North, which for the
past four years have brought murder, rape,
arson, rapine, and violence in the South to aid
their partisan purposes, will invent some new
atid .more terrible scourge with which to drive
the people of the South lately enfranchised
bodily into the ranks of the Democratic party.
That they will do it if they can, without regard
to the character of the crime to be committed
or the degree of violence to be used, I have
not the slightest doubt. It is our duty to pre-
vent all crime and preclude the exercise of all
violence, and by wise and timely legislation,
secure peace, tranquillity, and quiet, accom-
panied by the free and uninterrupted exercise
of all the rights and duties appertaining to
American citizens throughout the entire coun-
try, without regard to the condition, race, or
party affiliation of the individual citizen. To
this end, I believe the .Republicans, not only
of this House, but of the whole country, are
bending their best energies, while, in opposi-
tion, the Democratic party now, as in 1861,
to day under the leadership of the author of
the Brodhead letter, as they then were under
the arch-rebel from my own State, are striv-
ing to drag the country back into anarchy and
confusion and fly the black flag, with the old
motto of " rule or ruin " at their front.
Mr. Speaker, I have not the time, nor do I
desire to enter into an argument upon the
constitutionality of this measure. I stand upon
the broad ground that the Constitution of the
United States was adopted by the people in
order, as its preamble declares, to form a more
perfect union, to establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide lor the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to the individual
citizen; and to attain these objects life was
breathed into the body-politic through the
executive, judicial, and law-making powers of
the General Government. If, then, an attempt
is made to destroy the Union the Constitution
provides the power to coerce a union.
If justice be notproperly administered—and
I care not if it be in one or many of the States—
if domestic tranquillity ceases, and the blessings
of liberty, with all its concomitants of security
in life, person, and property, are not estab-
lished and maintained, the Constitution through
its law-making andadministrative powers must
come to the rescue, or constitutional liberty,
under the law, falls to the ground, the Consti-
tution becomes a myth, and the Republic a
failure.
The question before the House is whether
life and properly and liberty are secure in the
eleven States formerly rebellious. If they are
not secure, 1 challenge the other side of the
House to defend their course for one instant.
They dare not assert here that they uphold and
maintain a reign of violence. They dare not
say they are in favor of a state of society be-
fore which, in atrocity, the reign of terror under
the first republic of France pales and stands
back abashed. Their only and sole defense is
that this state of things does not exist, that all
these tales of murder, bloodshed, and violence
coming to us from the South are outrages only
because thoy are lies, and when they abandon
that ground they yield the whole question.
They dare not openly champion midnight mur-
der, and they dare not here, although they do
through their organs in the South, apologize
for crime and violence. And yet, sir, without
one word of" denunciation beyond the conven-
tional assertion, uttered by many during this
debate, that "1 (the speaker) do not defend
outrage or violence"—yet I say the members
upon the other side are forced by testimony
beyond contravention, nay, by the admission
of members of their own party upon this floor,
to admit the existence of the JKu Klux Klan,
of the White Brotherhood, and kindred asso-
ciations ; to admit of murder most foul and
atrocious, and a state of society in some por-
tions of Our country but one remove, if,that,
from utter barbarity. Sir, the Representatives
of the Democratic party in this House could,
if they would, stop all these outrages. Let
them meet in caucus and resolve they shall
cease, and the effect will be peace from the
Potomac to the Gulf. Nay, sir, let the lead-
ing members of that party write to the leaders
of the southern Democracy, privately if they
choose, that these things must cease, and we
will have peace.
But, sir, I have no hopes they will pursue
this course. The lust of place and power fills
their hearts. They long to dip their hand into
the United States Treasury, as their Tammany
leaders do in the treasury of New York city
and State ; and to do this they are willing to
dabble a little deeper in blood. What, then,
Mr. Speaker, is the attitude of the Democracy
upon the present bill ? Sir, as in 1861, when
members of the same party left this Hall, with
tongues blistered by forfeited oaths and con-
sciences and souls sered by perjury, and went
forth to destroy the Constitution and Govern-
ment they had sworn to support, now, as
then, they prate of the Constitution. Let
murder run not; let the torch and whip destroy
the property and mangle the body of the cit-
izen ; let the midnight assassin ride through
the country-side burning and slaying and
destroying; let life and liberty and property
be so insecure that the traveler among the
Indians upon our western plains is compara-
tively in safety ; let all that make life worth
living for be annihilated, all that make gov-
ernment a blessiug go to the dogs, but save,
oh, save the Constitution 1 Away with such
sentiment I The Constitution is*eoinpatible
with the enforcement of peace, good order,
and domestic tranquillity, or it is not worth
the saving.
Mr. Speaker, I will not say whether there
are or are not members of the Ku Klux Klan
now in the Halls of Congress, but whether
there are or are not, their representatives
rise like a black cloud upon the other side.
Were it not for the silent support of the north-
ern Democracy the organization could not last
an hour. Were it not for their tacit consent,
it never would have sprung into being. I
believe that this order is nothing but the suc-
cessor of the Knights of the Golden Circle,
which so hampered the cause of the Union
during the rebellion. If not conceived in the
North it has been connived at, fostered, and
sustained. The great rebellion would never
have come to pass had not the southern Dem-
ocracy believed that the northern Democ-
racy would defend and support their course.
Up to a certain point, the fighting point, they did
sustain secession; but when it came to blows,
how they deserted their allies; and so it is
novf. There never would have been a Ku Klux
Klan if the northern Democracy had not fos-
tered its growth. But now, when its porten-
tous crimes are brought to light, they disown
their terrible bantliug, and each in his turn,
as he puts forth his feeble defense, protests
"he would not: oh, no, he would not for one
momentdefend outrageand violence!" Hehas
defended it. The Democratic party, its bad
men and its good men, have stood idly by while
the hellish dance of bloodshed and death went
on, when one word from the party would have
put the whole thing down. And I warn the
northern Democrat that the southern Ku Klux
will not now accept their weak defense as an
evidence of faith or support. He is neither a
fool nor a coward. He fought for his faith once,
and never flinched; and these milk and water
platitudes are not the support he gives or
expects to receive from the Democracy.
Mr. Speaker, first or last, these questions
must become national. The United States
suddenly enfranchised four million slaves, and
gradually they have been clothed with all the
attributes of citizenship. Will the Govern-
ment ever abandon these citizens to the hostil-
ity of their organized but lawless oppressors?
It cannot. They are entitled to the protection
of the General Government until such time as
they shall be by education and training ele-
vated beyond the bondage of the mind, as they
have been relieved from the bondage of the
body. That they are fast casting off the old
influences of slavery is a fact patent to all with
whom they come in contact; but until the last
vestige of their serfdom in body and in mind
shall have disappeared forever, the Republican
party will fail in the traditions of its past, in the
duties of the hour, and in the hopes of a bright
future, if it does not defend them against all
comers.
Mr. BUBCHAED addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HANDLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
intention to detain the House, but I hold in my
hand a letter received by due course of mail
this morning from Hon. J. L. Pennington, who
is a Republican member of the Alabama State
senate. Mr. Pennington is a leading and in-
fluential Republican, a gentleman who stands
high politically with the people of Alabama,
and I deem this as the highest testimony that
could be brought before this House from that
State. I desire it should be read by the Clerk,
and printed as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows :
New York, April 5,1871.
• DearSir: As the Representative in Congress from
the district in which 1 reside, I write this letter to
say that I heartily indorse the views that X under-
stand tohave been recently expressed in Washington
by Governor Lindsay and Judge Busteed as to the
peaceablo condition of Alabama, and to enter my
protest, as a citizen and as a Republican, againstthe
proposed interference by Congress with the internal
affairs of that State. Any interference by Congress
or change of jurisdiction in criminal proceedings
will only tend to aggravate and embarrass and make
worse the condition of things.
What the people of Alabama need and desire,
with but very few exceptions, is to be let alone; to
bo left to work, to raise cotton, build their railroads,
develop their resources, and regain their prosperity,
That thore have been occasional disturbances and
somo lawless acts in Alabama no one will deny, but
these things occur m all the States, and tho only
wonder is that in Alabama it has been no worse.
I'f the friends of Alabama in Congress desire to
improve her condition, and promote and encourage
obedience to law and add to the general prosperity
and tranquillity, lot them urgetheremovalof all the
political disabilities imposed by existing laws on a
portion of her people. Leniency, conciliation, jus-
tice willdo more to prevent lawlessness and promote
peace in the South, than severity and measures in-
tended to humiliate and punish.
Those gentlemen now at Washington urging con-
gressional interference with the local and domestic
concerns of our State aro not only the worst enemies
of all our industrial pursuits, but they aro doing
more than all other enemies combined to destroy
the Republican party. They are no true represent-
atives of the Republican party, and have 110 right
to speak lor it; and if Republicans in Congress
really desire to promoto the peace and prosperity
of the people of Alabama, I beg them to keep hands
off and let us alone. Any additional interference by
the General Governmentwiththeaffairs of Alabama
will seriously affect our State credit, suspend our
works of internal improvement, and paralyze every
industry.
You can make such nse of this letter as you think
PVery respectfully, J. L. PENNINGTON.
Hon. W. A. Handley, Washington, JD. C.
Mr. DE LARGE nextaddressed the House
in remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. EARNSWORTH and Mr. BINGHAM
and Mr. AMBLER, by unanimous consent,
offered amendments to be voted on hereafter.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to suggest
some verbal amendments if there be no objec-
tion.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to submit
some verbal amendments to the proposition
submitted by me yesterday. In the twenty-
third line, second page, after the word "ver-
dict," 1 move to insert the words "present-
ment or indictment."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In the same line,
after the word "juror," I move to insert the
words "grand juror."
The amendment was agreed to.
