187i.]
APPMDIX TO TH£ COttGttESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
42d Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr: Porter.
Ho. of Reps.
South. Why, when the-forces of the rebellion
were being organized we had equally strong
invective uttered here and there by Demo-
cratic politicians and papers in the South;
but when the whirlwind came, they generally
went with their States. So it will be now;
when this rebellion swells to larger and more
complete proportions, and shall burst forth
like a flaming volcano, these papers will cease
to denounce these outrages and go with the
body of their people, or be obliged to leave
their States. We have the sad experience of
1860 and 1861 to guide us in this crisis, and if
we do not profit by it, it will be our own fault.
We will now come to Georgia. I read from
the National Intelligencer of February 17, a
Democratic paper published in that State :
"At the close of the late war between the North
and South there was much disorder and violence.
The great swell of revolution was subsiding, and
this condition of things might have been looked for.
Society was convulsed by the greatest i evolution
that had ever taken place in the social state of any
people. An ignorant, debased population had been
set free, invested with political rights, and in some
communities given the control of affairs. It was not
strange that disorders should ensue and that the
superior race should unite together for self-protec-
tion, and that deeds of violence should be perpe-
trated. But that time has long since passed away,
and there is 110 pretext now, at least in the State of
Georgia, for men to take the law into their own
hands for self-protection, much less for the purpose
of aggression upon others." * * * . *
"Our attention has been called to this subject by
the proclamation of the Governor, which appeared
in uur paper yesterday, in relation to certain acts
of violence which have lately been committed in the
northwestern part of this State. Thero can be no
excuse, no justification for such infamous conduct
as that which the proclamation details. The press
should everywhere in the State take its stand against
such proceedings. The people everywhere should
speak out against it. IIow can it be expected that
we can have peace in the political world, and order
at home, security in person and property, so long as
bands ot' lawless and reckless men are to be seen
moving in our midst under cover of night and pro-
tected from recognition by masks and other dis-
guises? Let a speedy end come of such folly and
madness."
The Home (Georgia) Commercial of the 13t,h
of February, an orthodox Democratic journal,
in an editorial, headed "The Ku Klux Klan,"
says:
"It is absolutely necessary that these corpse-hunt-
in g, graveyard ransackers be met and baffled. We
should give them no grounds upon which to base a
bloody report, or the campaign of 1872 will duplicate
the disaster of 1868."
The above is merely a pleasant allusion to
the Congress Committee on the Condition of
Southern Affairs.
The Commercial continues:
"Hence, the Commercial, as a guardian of the good
of the public, appeals to those of its friends who have
any connection whatever with secret organizations
to remain perfectly quiet and orderly for the present,
at any rate. Let there be no suspicion of disorder
or lawlessness. Let there be no parading oi dis-
guised men, no stopping of innocent men and forc-
ing them to dance. This is all child's play and fool-
ishness." ' * ■* * "Thenletusbequiet
and bide ourtime. A passion chained down isamore
feorsomeand a nobler thing than a passion gratified.
"Above a 11, let there be no idle vaunting; no boast-
ing about the country for mere buncombe. Remem-
ber, brothers, that the strength and power of any
secret organization rests in the attribute oi mystery
and hidden force, and in the fact that upon the thou-
band hills of our country a legion of brave hearts that
are throbbing quietly can be called together by a
tiny signal, and when the work is done, can melt
away into shadowy nothing. Every time you act
you weaken your strength. Then be quiet. It an
inexorable necessity calls for action, act promptly,
with decision, and do nothing more than is abso-
lutely necessary."
Now, let us come to the State of Mississippi.
The Meridian massacre is fresh in the minds
of all, in which some thirty loyal men were
killed. The correspondent of the Tribune,
writing at Jackson, March 18, gives a full_ ac-
count of the fearful tragedy. No one, I think,
can read that letter without entertaining the
conviction that the writer was not at all preju-
diced against the insurgents, and that if there
had been anything to justify or palliate the
outrage he would readily have communicated
it. His statement has been indorsed by the
Representative of that district as being sub-
stantially correct. It is entirely too lengthy
to be read in the House, but as 1 believe it
ought to be preserved, I will have it appended
to these remarks in the Daily, and Congres-
sional Globe, contenting myself now with only
two or three brief extracts in this place.
" At the first report of firing in the court-room, as
if by a preconcerted arrangement, the long-roll was
beat, and from every door issued men with guns in
hand, who fell into line with soldier-like rapidity
and precision, to the number of fully two hundred.
Whiie the melie in the court-house was at its height,
the negro Warne Tyler appeared upon the front
porch and leaped to the street below, some one from
the window snooting him in the hip as he swung
off. Regaining his feet, heran rapidly, wounded as
he was, for asquare or more, pursued by a hungry
pack on his track. lie darted into a small shop. At
his heels were a hundred, at least, thirsting for his
blood. lie was at bay, and it is said fought to the
last, but he fell, however, literally nddledwith balls,
even the boys coming in for their shot."
Tyler's offense consisted in being the prin-
cipal of a large colored school, and a man
who had views of his own as to what was right
and just, and on proper occasions expressed
them.
"A little later the body of William Dennis was
dragged from the court-room to the porch, and,
bleeding as it was from several bullet-wounds, it
was tossed to the street below amid the shouts and
jeers of the crowd. Signs of life being still discov-
erable, some one kindly cut his throat from ear to
ear." *«***« **
"All over town crowds of frenzied whites were
rushing in every direction, hunting this and that
prominent black and committing outrages of every
kind on the others." ■* * * ' *
" To tell the whole of the outrages that wero thus
committed would fill page after page."
Aaron Moore, a Republican member of the
Legislature and a minister of the gospel, was
wounded, and lying under the dead body of
Justice Bramlette, was supposed to be dead.
Afterward, he made his escape to his house, and
thence took to the woods. As soon as it was
discovered.that he was alive, infuriated gangs of
men rushed to his house, and one of these gaugs
was so much exasperated thathehadnotstayed,
so they might kill him, that they turned his
wife and children out of doors and set fire to
the house, which was burned to the ground.
He was pursued, but succeeded in reaching
Jackson, and has since been joined by his fam-
ily, except one son, who was probably mur-
dered. Now hear the Meridian (Mississippi)
Gazette of March 8, a Democratic paper pub-
lished at the scene of the massacre:
"We gave a hasty report yesterday of the unfor-
tunate tragedy that occurred on Monday, and we
now propose to follow subsequent pioceedings and
sum up the results of the violence provoked by War-
ren Tyler. The citizens continued under arms all
night and policed the town. A delegation visited
the residence of Mayor Sturges and indicated that
he had better go back to his New England home, to
which he readily assented. About twelve and a
half o'clock a sqaad of men conducted him to the
train bound for (Jolumbus, Kentucky, and saw him
safely on board. During the night the residence ot
Aaron Moore and the colored Baptist church were
burned by some unknown persons. The entirocom-
munity deprecatos this barbarous and unlawful act,
and a committeewas appointed yesterday to invest-
igate the origin of the fire and endeavor to bring the
perpetrator of the outrage to justice. The feeling is
strong against all excosses, and steps will be taken
to see that none are committed in future. Aaron
Moore was fuliy insured. Diligentinquiry wasmade
for him yesterday, but no one seemed to know any-
thing about our negro law-maker. When the firing
commenced he brokefor home, and.spcuringasmall
package, then struck out across the mils. It is sup-
posed he will make his way to Jackson to misrepre-
sent our people to the Governor. Tho killed and
wounded of Monday and Monday night arc as fol-
lows: killed, William Clopton, ahae Dennis, War-
ren Tyler, Has Ford, Marion White. Henry Johnson,
and Isaac Lee, colored, and Judge E. L. Bramlette,
white A negro, name not known, was wounded in
the bowels, and Mr. Reed (white) in the arm. ihe
dead were all buried yesterday, and the wounued
properly cared for. The attendance at Judge Lram-
lette's funeral was very large. A lot of men who
left here on the Alabama and Chattanooga tram
just before day, in firing off their guns a few miles
from the city, struck aiid'killed a colored g"l em-
ployed on the farm of Marcelius Coleman, rjflorts
are being made to apprehend tho guilty parties.
Everything was quiet in the city yesterday, ►-mall
squads roamed over town, and tho officers kept on
th$ qui Dive for offenders. Sheriff Moseley had all
the saloons in the city closed, and gave rigid orders
for the preservation of peace and the protection of
all property. Alderman Wolff is acting mayor, and
ordered the appointcnentof several additional police-
men. The signs are that there will be no more dis-
turbance."
A man pursued by human blood-hounds, his
house burned down, just making ont to escape
with Iiis life across the hills to the capital of
his State—the article quoted showing that "dil-
igent inquiry" had been made for him, and
acknowledging that murders and other out-
rages had been committed, and yet this Demo-
cratic newspaper whines out that Moore had
gone to Jackson "to misrepresent our people
to the Governor!"
That is the key to all this belittling of these
southern outrages. So it has always been.
No matter how great the crimes, how appalling
the outrages, the Democratic party of this
House, and the leaders of the Democratic party
of the country, invariably declare that the
southern people are misrepresented!
The mayor of Meridian expelled because he
was born in a northern State, and a Repub-
lican ! And this in a country where the flag
should protect all or be hauled down. Another
Republican mayor, in the same State, is shot
down in Vicksburg, and his murderer now
walks the streets of that city, and is honored
and glorified for the deed; and another mayor
is abducted. Take the case of Colonel Hug-
gins, United States assistant assessor at Aber-
deen, in tho same State. Nearly one hundred
lashes were applied to his back by the Ku Klux,
to force from him a promise that he would leave
the State. And why should he leave? Because
these people disliked him personally? Nothing
of the kind; but because he was assessing taxes
for "the Yankee Radical Government," and
they <;would not submit to it!" Can any one
deny that? Does any one dispute that, in the
face of the facts? And outrages similar to this
are being constantly committed.
The following communication appeared in
the Examiner, a Democratic paper, published
at Aberdeen, which admits substantially the
case as made by Colonel Huggins, only it says
that he finally did give the promise to leave.
No disguise is attempted except as to names:
midnight, March 13,1871.
Major Jones: Hearing a great many things that
are notso as to tho proceedings of our organization.
T have concluded to give you a few facts, which you
will please publish m your Thursday's issue. N\ ■;
disturb no man who holds his tongue and attends to
his own business, leaves home only at proper times,
and provides for his family decently, and corrects
the whites as often as the blacks. We undei stand
that Major livgTms says he did not promise us to
leave. If such is tho case, he reports ialseiy. We
gave hi in twenty-five lashes gently, and then asked
him it he would leave this part of the ' moral vine-
yard/' lie replied very independently that he could
not make any such promise. One of the men that
was killed at Metz then took charge of the silk rib-
bons, and gave him twenty-five more, but he still
refused to make any such promises. Count Bismarck
then took charge of tho ribbon and went up among-
the stars with it, and came down on him. and j£ there
is any truth in him he belayed it out.  Ve ff^ve him
ten days, and ho said he would begone. We hope
he will fulfill his promise, for if we have to call on
him any more, Ulysses will have to appoint an inter-
nal revenue officer to fill his place. Wo understand
that the major and others have gone down to Jack-
son to sec about organizing the militia. It so, when
they return please tell them to notify us through
your paper. , . ,
We want them to move their commnnd up on
Splungc and Sipsey. We wanr. fhein all up there to
fertilize and enrich that soil, if any■ of the aeutiy
wish to see us. they will please cull at our othec at
about a. m. ilopitig to see this in your next issue,
we remain, in the name of peace and order.
K. R. R.
O'hcr United States officers have, been or-
dered to leave, receiving missives similar to
tho following, which was sent to the clotk of
the assessor's office :
OaOLOXA, March 11, 18/1.
Sitt: You aro respectfully requested to arrange
your affair;* iii Okolona in ten days and lea\e this
