1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
42d Cons....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr. Porter.
Ho. op Reps.
at the fire in a state of intoxication, as were,
in fact, not a few of the worst characters among
the whites. In this state, swaggering about,
he said to several of his friends, repeating the
expression several times, "These rebels have
fired Sturges's store to burn him out, but, damn
them, they will find they will get burned out
themselves." Some others used expressions
to the effect that they wondered if it was
colored men's property how many would turn
out to save it. At this very time, too, some of
the worst whites were standing by in idleness,
Swearing that they would " blow out the brains
of the first damned nigger that dared touch a
thing." As the crowd was dispersing, this
William Dennis and another colored man were
walking together near the fire. A white man
in a yard just by discharged his pistol appar-
ently in a fit of drunken excitement. The two
colored men turned and did the same. There
was no appearance of either party having fired
at any person, but all fired in the air. Un-
doubtedly all were drunk, and all should have
been locked up in jail. William Dennis, swag-
gering about drunk like the rest, was, a little
later, knocked down with a gun and left for
dead. Some negroes got Dennis out of the
mttee, and, not daring to take him home, car-
ried him to the house of one Payne.
A little later, as a Democratic sheet says,
"the bell at the African church pealed forth
the usual signal for the negroes to repair
there." "This," says the same paper, "was
more than the people could stand, and a com-
pany was at once formed and marched to the
residence of the sheriff, where a tender was
made of the posse, and a request (demand)
made for the arrest of Billy Clopton," (Den-
nis.) The sheriff, helpless in the premises,
sent his deputy, with this armed ■posse of about
one hundred, on a hunt for the one poor,
drunken, half-killed negro, then in hiding to
save his life. Wherever they went they found
the blacks hid away in their houses. The
ringing of the colored church bell, spoken of
as so aggravating, had done its work. It was
rung as an alarm on the report being circu-
lated around that the crowd had killed William
Dennis, and were hunting for Warne Tyler and
Aaron Moore. It had assembled a few in
answer to the summons, who had been sent to
advise all to go to their homes and remain
in-doors. The armed posse hunted from house
to house until they found Dennis and conveyed
him to the court-house, where he was left under
a guard. The remainder of the night armed
men patrolled the streets; not a colored man
was to be found.
MEETING OF " THE DEMOCRACY " ON MONDAY.
Sunday passed off quietly enough. Soon
after dark the sheriff summoned a poise and
started out for the purpose of disarming all, as
he claims, both white and black, found upon
the street. It is said that this posse found
squads of blacks upon the streets armed with
guns. The facts appear to be that near the
church they found two or three so armed, sum-
moned by Tyler to act as guard over the pris-
oner Dennis. They were disarmed, with the
promise that their arms would be restored on
the next day.
Early on the morning of the 6th a meet-
ing of the Democracy was held at the court-
house. Called, perhaps, for no purpose of evil,
it tended to stir up the evil passions of men
already at fever heat. The meeting was called
through posters put up about town. One of
these posters was instrumental in causing the
streets of Meridian to run with blood. At
least it was upon one of these posters that the
dispute arose that culminated in. the so-called
riot. Among the resolutions offered for the
consideration of the meeting was one " that a
committee of three be appointed to wait on
Mayor Sturges and notify him to leave town
but it was referred to a committee to report at
a future meeting. This resolution, however,
with other attendant circumstances, shows it
to have been already determined upon that
Mayor Sturges should be expelled from the
town. In the mean time the hour set for bear-
ing the case of William Dennis, then under
guard, as stated, at the court-house, arrived.
It appears that for his detention a warrant had
been sworn out, and that this warrant also
included the names of Warne Tyler and Aaron
Moore. Neither of these parties, however,
had as yet been notified of the existence of
any such warrant. The sheriff treated the
charges as of little moment, allowing the par-
ties to be still at large without even the forms
of arrest.
As the hour set for the hearing approached
the sheriff sent his servant, Kizer, to notify
them to make their appearance. * Aaron Moore
came to the court-house of his own accord,
where he first heard of the warrant, and was
told he must consider himself under arrest.
The messenger of the sheriff found Warne
Tyler at his school-house, preparing to com-
mence his labors of the day. Being informed
of the nature of the case, he promptly turned
over the school to his assistant, and accompa-
nied Kizer. On arriving at the court-house
the citizens' meeting was found in possession
of the premises, so that no hearing could be
had until evening. The warrants, however,
were read to them by the sheriff, who remarked
he had the warrants Saturday night, but knew
they would appear when sent for. The hear-
ing was postponed, and they sauntered about
town. Tyler was observed reading one of the
posters calling the meeting then in session.
Three o'clock in the afternoon was the time
set for the hearing of the cases. It was had
in the regular court-room, on the second floor
of the building. The cases were prosecuted
by a Mr. Ford, while Tyler and Moore, claim-
ing they had done nothing for which they
were amenable to any law, said they wanted
no counsel for their defense. William Dennis
had his hearing first, and was fined. Then
came the case of Warne Tyler. The principal
witness against him, as it appears, was one
"Jim Brantley," a some what desperate
character, noted for his bitter hatred of all
colored Republicans. Regarding his so-called
incendiary speech at the meeting on Saturday
no testimony of any importance was elicited.
Questions were then asked as to what Tyler
had said at the fire. Tyler demanded to know
whether he was on trial for what he said at the
meeting or at the fire, claiming the warrant as
covering only alleged offenses at the meeting.
Public opinion, however, as it seems, being
in control, the utmost latitude was allowed in
the prosecution, the justice probably consid-
ering that the wisest course under the circum-
stances. The testimony then turned on what
Tyler had done during the morning when walk-'
ing about town and reading the poster.
WHO DID THE SHOOTING IN THE COURT-ROOM.
Even there the testimony was entirely hear-
say. Brantley had met two boys, who had seen
Tyler reading the poster, and heard him say,
"These d—d Democrats are getting scared;
they want peace," &e., or words to that effect.
Brantley, I believe, represented himself as
having been so " d—d mad when he heard it,
he could not rememberwhat else he did say,"
or something of that nature. Tyler asked
permission of the court to speak, which was
granted—Tyler asking Brantley at the same
time not to leave the stand yet. Rising up
from his seat Tyler said to Brantley, "I can
bring two witnesses to impeach your testimony,
sir." Considering that the testimony was but
hearsay at best, this claim of Tyler's does not
appear to have been so very insulting. Com-
ing from a negro, however, to a white man,
under all the peculiar circumstances of the
times, it was like a fire-brand in a powder-mag-
azine. Every man sprang to his feet. Tyler,
in lact, appears to have been the coolest man
for the moment in the house. On a table,
close by, lay a hickory stick or cane. Brant-
ley seized the cane and rushed toward Tyler,
exclaiming, two or three times, " What's that
you say, sir ?" He was seized by the city mar-
shal. Tyler, cool and determined, said to the
marshal, backing toward the sheriff's room in
the front of the building at the same time, and
with his hand behind him, as if on a weapon,
" Stop him ; or let him come, and I will stop
him." Some one fired a pistol-shot, and the
mtt<Se commenced. Who fired that first shot
it is as yet impossible to tell. It will perhaps
remain a mystery for all time to come.
I know that those who seek to excuse the
bloody scenes of that terrible day would make
it appear that it was fired from a pistol in the
hands of the negro, Warne Tyler. I have it,
however, from a number who were in the room,
including officers of justice and officials, white
and black, that the shot was fired by some one
in the rear of the hall. In fact, there are sev-
eral respectable parties who are positive that
Tyler never even drew a pistol in the room.
They are ready to swear, at least, that he did
not fire, and could not have fired, the first
shot, as he was retreating at the time toward
the sheriff's room, with a view, as it turned
out, of reaching a front porch from which to
escape. It is equally uncertain whether the
justice was killed at the first shot or not. If,
as claimed, he was killed at the first fire, there
seems at least the best of reasons to believe
that he was killed by some one in the rear of
the room, who fired either at Warne Tyler or
Aarou Moore, probably the latter, as he stood
by the side of the justice at the time. Shot
followed shot in rapid succession, all firing
promiscuously at the blacks, who were mak-
ing desperate efforts to escape, as were also
those of the whites not sufficiently frenzied to
thirst for blood. The hall was soon cleared.
At the first report of firing in the court-room,
as if by a preconcerted arrangement, the long-
roll was beat, and from every door issued men
with guns in hand, who fell into line with sol-
dier-like rapidity and precision, to the number
of fully two hundred. While the m§16e in
the court-house was at its height the negro,
Warne Tyler,appeared on the front porch and
leaped to the street below, some one from the
window shooting him in the liip as he swung
off. Regaining his feet, ho ran rapidly,
wounded as he was, for a square or more,
pursued by a hungry pack oil bis track. He
darted into a small shop. At his heels were a
hundred at least thirsting for his blood. He
was at bay, and it is said fought to the last, but
he fell, however, literally riddled with balls,
even the boys coming in for their shot.
A GENERAL MASSACKE.
A little later the body of William Dennis
was dragged from the court-room to the porch,
and, bleeding as it was from several bullet-
wounds, it was tossed to the street below arnid
the shouts and jeers of the crowd. Signs of
life being still discoverable, some one kindly
cut his throat from ear tp ear. At this time
there were lying dead in the room the bodies
of Judge Bramlette and the negro Gus. Ford,
with an old man, Isaac Lee, badly wounded in
the shoulder. All over town crowds of fren-
zied whites were rushing in every direction,
hunting this and that prominent black in order
to kill him, and committing outrages of every
kind on the others. As night came on, as if
to be in at the death, a crowd of the Alabama
Ku Klux appeared in town and took a hand
with the rest. They werj heard shouting
" Hurrah for Alabama 1" at various times, and
committed several outrages on the blacks.
