1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
of it, then it is only assassination on a sijale
enlarged to come up in dignity, to dimensions
big enough to challenge the mirth of such
"Republican" journals as the New York
Post, and to stimulate into unwonted brilliancy
the wit at second-hand of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.]
But, sir, if, on the other hand, tho conspir-
acy has its origin in political aims, and if they
signify the overthrow, by means of violence,
of the governments of States or of laws or
^Constitution of the United States, then, sir,
>this thing, jeered at so in this Hall, ascends
in its guilt to the rank of treason, and its acts
Arise to the dimensions of
war.
Pause here a moment, legislators, and take
into your estimates the differences in the indi-
cated danger and the differences in the result-
ing measure of duty coming thereby upon
the Congress, between these acts of violence
viewed as results of mere personal depravity of
the perpetrators and viewed as having political
aims. From the very first years of your Gov-
ernment, from the first indeed of every other,
where there is enlightened law, the same act
of associated violence which is aimed only at
the individual as a man, may have no greater
heinousness than assault or riot; but aimed at
the Government, it becomes treason, and the
punishment death. Or, take this : go offto the
jurisdiction of a foreign State. Take, if you will,
in numbers, an army of your people, and let
them, 0110 by one, fall victims to the assassin's
knife, not because Americans, but for money
or other private and personal cause, and your
Government remains, as such, untouched and
motionless. But, on the other hand, let that
little boy go around the globe; let him go
unattended, poor, alone—a servant of a ser-
vant—endowed with no other dignity thau that
one which, in the day of our pride, we were
wont to think and talk of as above all other
earthly dignities, an American citizenship; and
let the hair of his head be but touched in insult
or injury to his rights as an American citizen,
and instantly tii© pang goes straight to the
mighty parent heart of the Republic, and, quick
as the leap of light, the sword of the nation
that felt the pang leaps into the air, and your
navie3 start off and your armies start off in a
procession that girdles the globe with the light
of your banners, and all for that poor little boy 1
Or, take another illustration. Though the
assassinations and banded robberies and vio-
lence of the Roman republic, having no polit-
ical aims, were common as the hours, yet the
senate for these dangers suspended the opera-
tion of the laws almost never. But when, one
night., a conspiracy was in the capital against
the officers and authority of the State, the sen-
ate rushed, before it was day and when no
drop of blood was shed, to its chamber, and
instantly committed to the consuls all power,
and " enabled them to act in the manner they
should think best for the preservation of the
commonwealth."
This distinction, which the laws and Govern-
ments ever make between the measures for
redressor prevention of crimes directed against
the State and those directed against private
crimes, is not owing so much to their difference
in moral guilt as it is to the immense augment-
ation of danger to all the people which are
involved in conspiracies against or attacks
upon the Government, its laws, or its citizen-
ship, as such.
Keeping, then, in mind these axioms of gov-
ernment—these, the very instincts of national
being—look, Representatives, to the question,
what do these conspirators mean? I answer,
they mean the overthrow of the equality, under
the Constitution and its laws, of the enfran-
chised race. What reach their purposes have
beyond this wickedness can yet not be fully
told to this House. But this much is forced
upon the knowledge of them who with eyes
dare see, or with ears dare hear, and by proofs
go terrible, startling, and deadly in their com-
pleteness that it is more than madness not to
know it.
Take as your initial proof this, that in every
massacre and insurrectionary violence, from
the first to the last, the attack has been by
Democrats upon the Republicans, either as a
Republican or else as a colored man. So it
was at Memphis, where they killed and wounded
their scores of defenseless and unoffending
Republicans—colored people.
So it was in 1866, when a Republican State
convention, engaged in the formation of a free
constitution, was murdered or dispersed. So
it was again in 1868, at New Orleans; by blood
they carried the State for Seymour. So in
1866, at Mobile, Alabama, a single unpro-
voked volley fired by Ku Klux Democrats into
a political meeting of Republicans killed or
wounded more voters than was the majority of
a State legislator whose vote elected to the Sen-
ate of the United States one member of that
illustrious body, now making our laws from a
seat dripping with innocent human gore. This
tale I take from the lips of a late Senator of
the United States. So it was iu 1868, at Camilla,
Georgia, where a Republican convention was
murdered and the State given by organized
slaughter to Seymour. So it was when sixty
disguised Democrats liung Wyatt Outlaw to a
tree. So when on tlie 8th of May, 1870, they
shot at and banished Allen for teaching chil-
dren to read. So when, shortly before, they
scourged near unto death Corless, a minister
of the gospel, whom the Friends of Philadel-
phia sent to preach to colored men. So when
they killed Colgrove, it was because ho was a
Republican sheriff. So when they ordered
the other day the officers of South Carolina to
abdicate the government, it was because they
were Republicans.
But I will not weary the patience of the
House by these needless recitals, too familiar,
alasl to the whole people, and which are so
frequent and so palpable that they taint the
very air, so familiar that these acts of amazing
wrong have come to be almost as common and
matters of course as are the arrivals of our
daily mails; so familiar that their recurrence
has ceased almost, I fear, to touch the public
heart. So great has this mischief become, so
palpably is it political and directed against the
Government and the friends of its present
Administration, that within a few days, here
at this my seat, the second officer of the Treas-
ury, its Revenue Commissioner, said to me, in
urging increased forces for the collection of
the revenue, that probably not more than one
fourth of the internal revenues of the nation
was collected in these infested districts, be-
cause this banded murder made it impossible,
and its attempt to be at peril of life I Legislat-
ors, comprehend the magnitude of this the first
array of witnesses which come to you to attest
that the conspiracy is political, is incipient
rebellion.
At the eighth arid ninth pages of the minor-
ity report to the Senate the Democratic part of
the committee which took that volume of tes-
timony as to this violence state " that all the
disorders which exist in that State (North
Carolina) were created by the unjustifiable and
unconstitutional legislation of Congress in re-
gard to its government." Here, in the care-
fully prepared conclusions of a committee of
the American Senate—conclusions reached
after months of toil—and from a volume of
sworn evidence, the minority of the commit-
tee reach the same conclusion as the majority
reach as to the fact that the disorders have a
political origin and purpose, the difference
being, in substance, that the majority find it
to originate in an aim at the overthrow of
these reconstruction laws and the people and
State governments they were designed to pro- j
tect, while the minority seein to conclude that
the violence is natural and just in resistance
of wicked laws.
It is impossible, Mr. Speaker, to overesti-
mate the conclusiveness of the facts shown by
the report of the Senate committee, or of the
inadvertent admission, on pages 8 and 9, of
the minority of the committee, as showing that
these massacres are part of an organized con-
spiracy to strike down the reconstruction laws,
which are again and but yesterday declared
by this report to the Senate "unjustifiable and
unconstitutional" by this minority in the Sen-
ate. Why, sir, think of the consequences for
a momently These reconstruction laws still
denounced in the Democratic creed as "un-
constitutional," and so unjust, also, as to jus-
tify these murderous combinations for their
overthrow. If they be unconstitutional, then
so also are the State governments formed in
virtue of them, and from this results the non-
ratification of tho recent amendments.
direct evidence.
Mr. Speaker, the direct evidence furnished
by this report that this organized murder is
political and against the negro's rights of cit-
izenship, as found in the Senate report, is
wholly conclusive and absolutely appalling.
I select from the volume and from other
sources two or three examples, and state
them in substantially the words of the wit-
nesses :
"Their object was tho overthrow of tho recon-
struction laws of Congress." (See page 19, James E.
lloyd, a Democratic lawyer, and member of tho
Klan.)
"Their object was 'to restore the Constitution as
it was before the war' and 'damage the Republican
part}; as much as they could,' and this by means of
burning, stealing, whipping negroes, and the leading
men (Republican.-) it was to murder."— Wdlefora
lmge 210,
"Oolgrovo's death was debated, ordered, and in two
weeks after executed ; and it was at the same time
farther ordered that a pic-nic should be held after
his death and the executioners paid for the service;
all of which was duly executed because Colgrove
was a Republican sheriff of Jones county, North
Carolina."—tiee evidence of Wtlleford, page210, &c.
Tn an opinion of the supreme court of North
Carolina last summer the proceedings of meet-
ings of Klans are minutely disclosed, by which
it appears that the motions to put an American
citizen to the scourge were formally put and
debated ; then an amendment offered that he be
drowned in the Haw river, and debated ; then
that his method of execution be left to the
executioner, and that debated; question put,
carried unanimously, and the order of the
Democratic meeting was executed; and the
Democracy carried the next elections in North
Carolina!
another array 01' witnesses.
Mr. Speaker, that I may make absolutely
and utterly irresistible the proofs that these
banded conspirators have the political aims I
attribute to them, to wit, to "trample into
dust" these newly-acquired political rights of
the freedmcn and the constitutions and laws
which confer them, I now call new and distin-
guished witnesses. Take this one first, that
the Democratic party of this nation, 4th July,
1808, in national platform, formally and sol-
emnly announced the identical principle which
James E. Boyd swears (page 19) was the found-
ation of this treasonous organization, to wit,
that "we regard the reconstruction acts (so
called) of Congress, as such, as usurpations
and unconstitutional, revolutionary, and void."
Take next the fact that the Democratic party
voted in 1868, cast 2,703,249 votes, that these
reconstruction laws, upon the validity of which
all these reconstructed State governments de-
pend, and also tho validity, as Democrats
allege, of the recent amendmeits, to be usurp-
ations, unconstitutional, and void.
Take as the next fact that the Democratic
State platforms of every State in this Union,
I believe, in succeeding conventions repeated
this.
Take as the next fact that no platform or
authoritative act of that powerful party has,
to this day, ever disaffirmed this element of
ih r national creed, identical with the sworn
creed of this klan of political assassins.
Take this most alarming proof. I call it
alarming because it comes so close home to
the Government's great life. It is a fact
