1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
ture or Executive who are engaged in the
slaughter shall make application to the United
States to have themselves suppressed under
the head of "domestic violence!" And the
gentlemen from New York [Mr. Wood] and
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] have found this
identical clause, to their exceeding great joy!
Mr. Speaker, we are listening again to the
identical constitutional law by which Burnett
in this House, and Breckinridge in the other,
just before joining the rebel congress and
army, proved Scott's Crossing the Long bridge
was unconstitutional, as Virginia had not in-
vited him overl Mr. Speaker, the duties of
this again-darkening hour are stern, relentless.
Let this butchery go on against this race
unchided; let the Congress stand by unmoved,
except as it is convulsed with the throes of high
debate between the great lawyers of the House
upon the question whether these four millions
of American citizens "ready to perish" are
not by the Constitution required to perish;
let this happen, and then, sir, what will come
next? Will, indeed, the crime of Congress
make it so that this race of the God-emanci-
pated poor shall perish by this immense assas-
sination ? Will God, too, forget to be gracious?
Republicans, Democrats, Americans, beware
of the future!
I stood, sir, once, where you may have stood,
in the valley of Lauterbrunnen. It is a place
where the God seems to have cleft in two the
great globe and made amid his works an audi-
ence-chamber. Its grandeur oppresses you,
and you stand awed and silent in presence of
a majesty whose out-sentinels are the Eiger,
the Monch, the Jungfrau, and, far off, Mont
Blanc. Above you, on one hand, the preci-
pice ascends two thousand feet, perhaps, into
the heavens j and to its overhanging and giddy
verge a rash and impetuous river rushes, and
then leaps off into mid air. Long before it
reached, in its foolish plunge, to where I had
climbed, the river was wholly lost, dissipated
into invisible and humid air, but air which
the sun changed intoa thousand rainbows full-
circled and at my feet. But when I went down
I saw again the rainbows turned back into a
river, which became the Aar, then the Rhine,
then the sea. I can, sir, in what I have seen
in nature think of nothing which to me so
grandly emblems one epoch in this nation's
life as did that river in the valley of Lauter-
brunnen. When treason cleft in two this
mighty Union, how profound in its pathos,
unapproachable in its sublimity, was this
quick-coming sequence!
What came was a most strange, impetuous,
and heedless river, made of men, men who
left plows mid-field, saws half through the
beams they sundered; and the human flood
plunged, unreasoning and reckless, off into the
abyss which treason had made in the Constitu-
tion, until, at Bull Run, the Peninsula, and
everywhere, this human tide, made at first of
seventy five thousand and then of five hundred
thousand more, was dissipated and lost, as
seemed, forever. But how soon Gettysburg
and Vicksburg changed the lost river into rain-
bow crowns for our victorious legions, and these
back into that new river that " marched down
to the sea!"
Sir, let the Congress and the Executive per-
mit this new treason to go on toward the con-
summation of the purposes it bath, purposes
reavowed and now ringing from the lips of
Davis in our perplexed and patient ears—let
this second rebellion get from our imbecility and
moral treason the aids which the first one got
from Buchanan, his Cabinet, anfl the Congress,
then, 1 implore you, by the majesty of all the
people, by the grandeur of that their first
coming I have just pointed to, in rescue of
the Constitution and its great Union from its
assassins and betrayers, by the dread awards
of their justice then meeted out, realize what
will be their avengmgs when they shall come
a second time in judgment upon their second
betrayers!
Men of the South, I turn to you. Once
before you gave your garments to hold into
the hands of the Democratic party, while
your first immense treason addressed itself to
the martyrdom of this God-defended race,
and, to that end, to the martyrdom of the
Republic itself. Do not make the mistake
again. Know right well that this revolution,
whose outcome was to change an immortal
chattel into an immortal eitizen, is like all the
rest of revolutions in favor of liberty which
lie along the highway of the ages—it takes no
step back! Know more: history, your coun-
try, and God will hold you who do not approve
the bloody methods by which this conspiracy
designs to attain control of the Government,
and then the overthrow of the political rights
of this race, responsible, because your rebuke
would, in an hour, dissipate the "goblin
damned," and forever. Disregard these ad-
monitions which reach you to-day from all the
civilized earth; license, by withholding that
rebuke this work to go on ; and on, then I pray
Heaven that the madness which shall compel
another war for the defense of the people may
not make your beautiful earth a desert, and
call it peace.
Mr. Speaker, I have neither time nor heart
nor need to take note of the mere epithets of
this debate on the other side. Words, sir,
like those of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] denominating the measure as
"essence of despotism," and like those in
which the debate so abounded characterizing
the President as a military usurperand despot,
are only feeble weapons of feeble debate. In
this realm the fish-woman is their equal, but
could not excel them. Ten years ago I aided
by my vote in passing the act of 29th of July,
1861, a law giving the same powers conferred
by this bill, and also giving others. Under it
the rebellion, and some who in this Hall throw
bad adjectives at the President, were put down.
And, sir, when that law was being passed I
listened here to the same impotent expletives,
delivered by the same Democratic party,
against the same sort of enactment and from
the same benches. 1 then heard against that
act, that put their treason down, and against
Mr. Lincoln, from this same party throughout
the North, that the act was the " essence of
despotism," and that Lincoln, who was to en-
force it, was a despot, tyrant, monster, moun-
tebank, ape, knave, Nero, Caligula, usurper,
and assassin. Now, in the presence of liis
great shade these mouthers of literary excre-
ments against him stand uucovered and wor-
shipful. The country and this side of the
House have become to this species of Demo-
cratic debate thoroughly inured, and they must
excuse us if we omit to either answer the argu-
ment or be penetrated by its shafts.
And now, fellow Republicans, may I, in this
my conclusion, turn to you? I address you
not as an adviser, for the presumption would
be wholly unpardonable ; nor as a stimulant*
to discharge of duty, for that presumption
would be still worse. But I turn to you as
the humblest in one brotherhood may turn to
take counsel with his brothers. In that spirit
may I ask myself and you what the duty is to
our again betrayed country and its bleeding
children which this hour has brought to myself
and you? That the revenues of the Republic
cannot be collected, because a mastering con-
spiracy forbids it, we are told by him whom
the Constitution makes to swear that he will
take care that the laws shall be executed ; that
the mails of this Government cannot be safely
carried, because this incipient treason forbids
it; that the States cannot defend the people,
because this treason is so strong as to forbid
it; that that race—their men and their women
and their little ones—become, by act of God,
the wards of the nation as well as its citizens,
is perishing away under this new and immense
murder; that the armies of the Republic are
marching back to Sumter! And, then, you
, are told by the President that the sufficiency
of the laws for the appalling emergency is not
sure. Can you go off and not make it sure ?
Republicans, your party has had a history
that is the very miracle of history. Into its
life—not two decades long—are crowded a
constellation of epochs enough to make re-
splendent with glory whole centuries of com-
mon years. Under God, you first rescued
from the blight of spreading slavery whole
empires, to be the homes of families of States,
and this through the blood and -agonies of
Kansas. Then your suffrage put into the seat
of Washington his only compeer in the his-
tory of republics and his only companion in
the niche of fame. Then you made this Dis-
trict, seat of the nation's political majesty,
free. Then you rescued, at the cost of a mil-
lion of its children, the nation's life and made
it free. Then you made the Constitution from
the pollution of slavery free. Then you made
the civil rights of all the nation's children, in
its great organic law, equal, and, being equal,
also free. And then to all the citizens alike,
who must alike love and defend the State,
you gave alike the ballot free. This done, the
Republic saved, free, you girded the continent
with the channels of commerce for the world,
and have extinguished in two years near a
tithe of the immense debt which rescued the
life of the nation from unutterable ruin.
Is not this brief story the marvel of history ?
The men who were actors in the drama came
up in wisdom and in high resolve to the stern
and terrible demands of duty which each hour,
pregnant with the fates and fortunes of the
ages, brought. You are successors to their
duties aud their power. Realize that all these
achievements of your valor, these purchases of
your blood, these defenses of your newly en-
dowed and rescued Union, these safeguards of
your liberties, are again murderously menaced
by an incipient rebellion, banded and sworn
for their assassination. We are the deposit-
aries of the nation's charities, intrusted by
the Constitution for bestowal upon those dis-
abled by their recent crime from holding its
power ; and we have bestowed these charities
with wanton profusion. We also hold the bolts
which the nation has for the blasting of the re-
turning treason, and, in the name of your
again defied and insulted country, I demand
that you give the President power to .strike
the conspiracy instantly—dead.
Mr. COX. Is it now in order to move as a
substitute for this bill a general amnesty bill?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. COX. I appeal to gentlemen on the
other side to allow us to substitute an act of
grace for an act of force.
Mr. SHANKS and others objected.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the amendment moved by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler.]
The amendment was to strike out of section
four of the amendment of Mr. Shellabar&er
the following:
And during the continuance of such rebellion,
and within tbo limits of the district which shall bo
so undei the sway thereof, such limits to be pre-
scribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful for the
Presidents the Cfnitc-d States, when in hisjudgment
the public safety shall require it, to suspend the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpui, to the end that
such rebellion may be overthrown: Provided, That
the President shall first have made proclamation,
as now provided by law, commanding such insur-
gents to disperse : And provided alto. That the pro-
visions of this section shall not be in force after the
1st day of June, A. D. 1872.
Mr. AMBLER. At the suggestion of sev-
eral gentlemen, I desire to modify my amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. AMBLER. Very well.
Mr. 110L1IAN. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 101, nays 106,
not voting 21 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
