* 282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Life and Liberty of the Citizen—Mr. Merriam.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
black or white ? And shall we be less earnest
when a whole people stretch forth their hands
and implore us to save them ?
Ah! Mr. Speaker, we have had many reasons
heretofore, and to-day we have cause to thank
an overruling Providence for the existence of
the Republican party. That party has decreed
protection for every citizen of our common
country. In this afternoon of the nineteenth
century, just now in this land of our much-
boasted liberty, scores of citizens are fleeing
from the assassin, and thousands, under a Ku
Klux reign of terror, hold their honest senti-
ments only at the imminent risk of their lives.
And, strange as it may seem, strange as it must
appear to other nations, strange as it will sound
in history, it is the nation's enemy who is pro-
tected in his opinions, while the humble friend
of the nation is left "defenseless to his ene-
mies." And, stranger yet, it is the former
traitor, stained with the blood of the nation's
defenders, who strips from the nation's friends
the rights which he claims aud exercises for
himself.
Thanks be unto God for the better time
coming, for the establishment of the sublime
decree of the Republican party, that protec-
tion shall be guarantied to every man on what-
ever square foot of American soil he may stand;
that he may speak his honest sentiments and
be protected; that he may vote his political
opinions, and for whom he pleases, and be
protected.
My prayer to-day is for my country, and I
fully believe the measure before the House
■will be a guarantee of peace. Let this measure
become law and the blessing of him that is
ready to perish will be upon your nation, and
she will be worthy of the benediction, " May
length of days be in her right hand, and in her
left riches and honor; may her ways be ways
of pleasantness and all her paths be peace."
life and Liberty of the Citizen.
SPEECH OF HON. C. L. MERRIAM,
OF NEW YORK,
In tiib House of Representatives,
April 5, 1871,
On the bill (II. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to tho Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. M1SRRIAM. Mr. Speaker, as a Repub-
lican Representative from the State of New
York, where Democracy bears imperial sway,
(the nation knows by what means obtained,) I
may, perhaps, be pardoned for listening with
impatience to the general onslaughts upon the
Republican party from gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, and especially from
the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] who proclaims to the world that it is
the intention of the Republican party to "erect
a military despotism upon the ruins of a repub-
lic." Such utterances would shock the hopes
of liberty-loving men throughout the world
were they not so in conflict with the instincts
aud history of parties in America as to be
transparent to all intelligent men that it is
intended only as partisan food, to further im-
pose upon the credulity of an ignorant Tam-
many constituency. We in New York, who
live under the baneful shadow ;f pure and un-
defiled "Democracy," where justice is forced
to hide its head in shame, and capital trembles
before its audacious greed, are painfully aware
of the tricks of Satan to steal the livery of
Heaven wherewith to serve Democracy.
Mr. Speaker, nothing so well illustrates the
magnanimity of the Republican party and its
respect for constitutional law as its acts of
reconstruction since the war; and nothing,
perhaps, so well illustrates the animus of the
misguided sons of treason and their allies,*
the Democratic party of the North, as the way
they have met the generosity of a triumphant
nation.
With full powers of legislation in our hands
to punish by exile or the scaffold, we have
extended the right hand of fellowship and
welcomed the once armed enemies of our
Union back into the blessings of nationality.
With power to form the conquered soil into
Territories, to be governed by the party in
power, with a magnanimity unparalleled in the
history of nations, we have restored former
States with the rights of self-government, and
bid them a " God-speed" in the brotherhood
of a common greatness. Republican senti-
ment only waited evidence of their sincerity to
remove finally all disabilities; and as the Con-
gress of the United States stood waiting and
ready, we were staggered by tho cries of loyal
southern citizens, driven in terror from their
homes by masked bands of midnight assassins.
We pause in silence and sorrow as every breeze
from the South comes laden with the cry of
anguish.
We find that wherever the black archangel
of Democracy rides upon the night a reign of
blood and terror follows in his track more
savage than the bloodhounds of slavery, more
damning than the Democratic feast at Ander-
sonville.
The Democracy of the North, in pretended
unbelief, stand in solid phalanx a guard of
honor round about the festive blood-dance of
its tools, the hideous Ku Klux. Thousands
of men are supplied from the North with the
most modern and expensive breech loading
rifles. Can any impartial man familiar with
the ambitions of Tammany doubt from whence
they come ? If there still lingers in any man's
mind a single doubt that the Ku Klux are
under the control of the Democratic party of
the North, I ask him to read from the words
of the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] who but yesterday told the world
from his seat in this House that " he had pro-
posed in a Democratic caucus the issuing of
an address appealing to the Ku Klux to abide
by the laws of the land." «
With this conscious power in northern
Democracy to speak by authority as the head
of that organization he would issue this man-
date to half a hundred thousand armed and
masked murderers. With the keen eye of a
shrewd interpreter of the sentiment of our
nation the honorable gentleman sees the sure
coming storm of popular wrath. He beholds
the incoming tideofalong-slumbering "Repub-
lican apathy" threatening to ingulf Ku Klux
and Democracy forever.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, the nation will weigh
well this development.
While other gentlemen in this House ignore
the testimony presented before the Senate com-
mittee and proclaim that there are no outrages
in the South, the honorable gentlemen from
New York tells us by this proposition that such
crimes do exist and that the Democratic party
by their connection with the organization have
a right to speak in their councils as their friends,
as their allies, as their copartners in the "lost
cause."
What power rested in that single Democratic
caucus to have saved all this debate, all this
legislation? The honorable gentleman "pro-
posed an address" to his "friends." Why,
oh, why, should a man of his eloquence and
heart stand in the presence of men having such
power for life or death and not persuade them
in the interests of our common humanity and
country to send forth this angel of peace with
healing upon its wings to stay this flow of hu-
man blood? Orwerehiscompatriotssoblinded
in pursuit of political power as to have no ear
for the cry of mercy? But I thank God no such
humiliating spectacle awaits the Republican
party as issuing a circular letter of instructions
to the Ku Klux Klan save through the majesty
of constituted authority.
Can any sane man, familiar with the evidence
that necessitated the last presidential message
to Congress, longer doubt that we have within
our borders the germs of another rebellion ?
Scarce have the thunder echoes of one civil
strife died upon the air before we have mutter-
ings of another storm.
Scarce has a nation, weary of war, laid aside
its emblems of mourning before we are deaf-
ened by the roll of artillery.
Scarce are a nation's tears dry over the bier
of the immortal Lincoln before we hear the
stealthy tread of other midnight assassins.
Scarce is the grass green over our hero
graves when fresh graves yawn before us.
Scarce has a proud nation crashed out one
rebellion before we behold another, and more
dastardly, lifting its hideous form to stagger
the progress of our civilization.
Is it then in vain that we have extended the
right hand of fellowship to Our erring brothers
of the South? Like the slaveholders' rebel-
lion, this is a political war, a war aimed for
power over Republicanism.
Of all the new-made graves not one is filled
with a murdered Democrat. Of all the widow
and orphan tears, daily multiplying and crying
to Heaven for vengeance, not one is shed over
the grave of a Democrat.
This war, outvying the remorseless savagery
of the tomahawk and scalping-knife, is all
upon one side, all upon the defenseless, whose
only crime is that they are loyal Republicans.
It seems but a part of the great drama for
political triumph to murder or banish the lead-
ers of the Republican party in the South. If
there be no complicity with Tammany, why
does Democracy hesitate to-day to legislate to
crush this incipient rebellion in the bud?
If these outrages were perpetrated upon
American citizens on the high seas, or in any
foreign land, Democrats and Republicans all
over our Republic would burn with the fires
of vengeance. If an American citizen had
returned from a foreign land, as our revenue
collector, Huggins, returned to Washington
last week, with the bleeding galls of a hundred
lashes upon his back, no power under Heaven
could have kept even the Democratic mem-
bers of this House in their seats.
GreatHeavens! has itcome to this, that party
ambition has so benumbed the pride and man-
hood of an American legislator that he should
stand in this House ana shield such barbarism
from outraged law! I charge it home upon
the consciences of every member of this House
that he knows scarce an hour passes of the
day or night but loyal and true men are fleeing
in terror to swamps and forests before the
masked fiends of Democracy who would gorge
upon their quivering hearts.
Let me say to the Democratic party that if
they hope to ride into power by such work as
this they mistake the spirit of American civil-
ization. While they may exult in a false cour-
a,ge over the apparent discord in the Repub-
lican ranks they forget that ours is a Repub-
lic of ideas as well as a Republic of indi-
viduals, and that as we have no purpose but
the good of humanity our word battles are
fought alike in secret caucus and in the open
universe, and in our conflicts as to the wisest
and best mode of action let them not misin-
terpret. our differences as an abandonment
of principles which underlie and sustain the
structure of law, order, and good government.
Nor is it wise in them to hug the false fan-
tasy of "Republican disintegration." An
occasional light may fall from our political
firmament through an unsatisfied ambition.
They are welcome to such as these. Repub-
lican principles do not depend upon leaders,
to fall when they die. Th?ir abiding-place is
