520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Arthur, Boot, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Braxton,
Bright. James Brooks, Burehard, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll. Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Bake, Edwards, Eldridge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry I).
Foster, Garrett, Getz. Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Hand-
ley.Hanks, Harper, George E, Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, L&mison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, MeCormiok, MeBenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Kinney, MoNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Niblack, HoseaW. Par-
ker, Eli Perry. Potter, Randall, Edward Y. Rico,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts. Rob-
inson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sho-
ber. Slater, Slocum, Slosa, R. Milton Speer, Stevens,
Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Van Trump,
vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren, Wells,
Whitthorne, Williams of Mew York, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Barry,
fe&tty, Bigby, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
uekley, Buffinton. Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler,
Clarke, Coburn, CoDger, Cook, Cotton, Dawes, Be
Large, Dickey, Donnan, Eames, Elliott, Farweli,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich. Halsey,
Harmer, Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton, John
W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hotman, Hooper, Kelley,
Ketcham, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, May-
Hard. McCrary, McGrew, MeJunkin, McKee, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck. Pendleton. Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt,
Poland. Portor, Prindle. Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
RusH. Sawyer, Seofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Shellabargor, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Sprague, Stevonson, Stoushton, Stoivell, St. John.
Talfe, Thomas, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallaco, Walls,
Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteley. Willard, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Jonn I. Wil-
son—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James G. Blair,
Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Creely, Darrall, Duel I,
Bunnell, Haldeman, Hambleton. Hays, Lynch,
Morphis, Peters, Price, Road, Thomas J. Spoor,
Sypner, Dwight Townsend. Washington Town-
send, and Tuthill—21.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. YOUNG. I desire to announce that
my colleague, Mr. Price, is absent by leave
of the House. If he were here he would vote
"ay" on this question.
Mr. WOOD. My colleague, Mr. Tuthill,
•who is paired with Mr. Speer, of Georgia,
would, if he were here, vote " aj." I desire
also to announce that my colleague, Mr.
Dwight Townsend, is in New York when he
ought to be here. [Laughter.] If he were
here he would vote "ay."
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague, Mr. Wash-
ington Townsend. who would have voted
"no," is paired with my colleague, Mr. Hal-
deman, who would have voted "ay."
Mr. ARCHER. On this question my col-
league, Mr. Hambleton, is paired with the
gentleman from Maine, Mr. Peters. My col-
league, if here," would vote "ay."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, (having voted in
the affirmative,) said: I desire to ask, Mr.
Speaker, whether the amendment 1 offered is
pending.
The SPEAKER. It will be the next amend-
ment voted on.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It ought to have
been voted on before the vote was taken on this
amendment, for it modifies the part this pro-
poses to strike out; but as I can have a vote
on nay amendment, 1 will vote against striking
out the clause. I vote "no."
Mr. HALE. For the same reason as that
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.] I vote " no."
Mr. MOREY and Mr. FARWELL changed
their votes from "ay" to "no."
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of moving
a reconsideration, I vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
abcve stated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, aud move to reconsider the vote just
taKen,
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the
vote on the amendment just adopted ; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawbs] moves to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moves that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I certainly had the floorto
make the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
has not anything like the same right to refeog-
nition in this case as a gentleman who voted
upon the prevailing side in good faith. The
gentleman from Indiana has changed his vote
for the purpose of moving to reconsider. The
Chair recognizes a member of the legitimate
majority who moves to reconsider and lay upon
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order, then, to
move that when the House adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. The distinct understanding w, s that
no dilatory motion should be made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There was no such un-
derstanding.
The SPEAKER. It was the distinct under-
standing.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn is
in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I say most emphatically
that there was no such understanding as the
Chair has stated. There was no understand-
ing beyond this, that the previous question
might be called at the hour designated. It
was expressly stated that we would not waive
any rights we might otherwise have.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. On the contrary,
it was the distinct understanding that no dila-
tory motion was to be entertained.
Mr. COX. I have made a motion to adjourn,
and I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I so understood it.
Mr. DICKEY. It was so stated at the time
by the Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The order was in writ-
ing, and 1 ask that it be read.
The SPEAKER. No order of that kind
would ever go upon the Journal. The Chair
waited until he should see whether other gen-
tlemen would substantiate his assertion. The
Chair stated as distinctly as he could that under
the arrangement made no dilatory motion could
be interposed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We expressly reserved
the right, after the previous question had been
called, to take such action as we might deem
proper.
Mr. DAWES. Even if the gentleman from
Indiana had made the motion to reconsider
he would be in no better position, for I could
have risen at once and moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The object is to help
our friends, some of whom are not here, and
to help gentlemen on the other side who have
had this bill forced down their throats by party
•pressure.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see how any advan-
tage has been gained by my submitting the
motion to reconsider and lay on the table.
If the gentleman from Indiana had made the
motion to reconsider he could not have held
the floor to debate it; but I could have risen
at once and moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why could he not have
debated it?
Mr. DAWBS. Because the vote was taken
under the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] moves that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly re-
fuses to entertain a dilatory motion. The
gentleman from New York has the right to
move, as he has done, that the House adjourn.
Mr. COX. I ask a division on that ques-
tion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
92, noes'108.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
thathe took the order ofamendments as handed
up by the Clerk, and an error was made, as the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] was to amend that which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] moved to
strike out. The Chair did not know it at the
time ; and therefore the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] was erron-
eously put, as the amendment of his colleague
[Mr. Garfield] should have been voted on first.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that amendment will
be adopted.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is
pat on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the Chair will submit
the question on laying on the table the motion
to reconsider. If the House lays upon the
table the motion to reconsider, the Chair will
deem it to be his duty to invite the House to
vote on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House refuses to
reconsider I submit that the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Why?
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the House
refused to strike out.
The SPEAKER. It leaves it, then, simply
as the text of the bill, and that does not pre-
clude an amendment to the original text.
The question recnrred on laying upon the
table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas, 113, nays 93, not
voting21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin -Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke, Coburn.
Conger, Cook, Cotton, Creely, Dawes, De Large,
Dickey, Donnan, Eames, Elliott, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Hale, Ha'sey, Harmer, Havens, Hawley,
Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazi ton. Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, ICelley, Ketcham, Killinser, Lamport, Lnn-
siog, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, McJu.ikin.
MoiCee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle,
Rainey, E.lis 11. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scoheld,
Seeloy, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith. Snyder, Spritgue, Stevenson. Stougliton,
Stowell, St. John. Sypher. Taffe, Thomas, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner. Upson, Wakeinan, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Walls. W ash burn. Wheeler. W hiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and 1 ohn T. Wiison—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beok, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, CroSfland, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Forker, lienry D. Foster, Gar-
rett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, llalueman, Handlev,
Hanks, Harper, George E. Hums, Jobn^T. Harris,
Hereford, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall. Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamisou, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Mar nail,
McClelland, MeCorinick, McHenry, Melntyre, Me-
Kinney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meycis,
Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W.Parker, Eli
Perry, Potter, liandall, Edward Y. Mice, Jouu M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sherwood. Stiober, Slater. Slocum. Sioss,
R. Milton Speer, Stevens, S'orm, Sutherland, Swann,
Terry, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of New Yoik,
Winchester, Wood, aud Youug—93,
NO! VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James G. Blair,
Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Darrall, Duell, Bunnell,
Edwards, Hambleton, Hay, Hays, Lynch, Morphis,
Peters, Price. Read, Sheldon, Thomas J. Speer,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, and
Tuthill—21.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to state that ray
colleague, Mr. Hambleton, is paired with the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.] My
colleague, if he had been here, would on this
question have voted "no."
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Morphis,
is confined to his room by sickness. If he had
