1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
4-2d Cong. ...1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
in the hearts of a great and free people, who
will welcome any sacrifice to save.
The indictments against Democracy for its
complicity with treason no man could count.
They are written on every page of our late
conflict. If the Democratic party denies the
responsibility of originating the war, we know
their responsibility for its continuance. The
blood of oar citizens killed in the last year of
the war is upon their souls, and they can never
hope to wash out its stains, and, if we are to
judge of the present, they accept the issue and
welcome the curse.
We would do no injustice to thousands of
good men marching to-day, all so blindly,
under the banner of Democracy. These have
no thirst for blood; these carry no incendiary
torch to level the temples of education to the
cold ashes of ignorance; these fatten not upon
the victims of the stiletto and the lash; never-
theless, while they stand in the body-guard of
honor round about the festive blood-dance of
the Ku Klux Klan, intelligence and patriotism
everywhere will hold them responsible for its
deeds.
I well remember when, in northern New
York, in 1861, recruiting the citizen for the
soldier, two men, seeing the old flag proudly
waving, cried, '' Take that damned thing down;
we are Democrats up here!" That was the
key-note of ignorant Democracy then. Is it
not the key-note of ignorant Democracy now ?
I asked why they hated the flag; what newspa-
pers they read? They replied, "Good Dem-
ocratic newspapers from the city ofNew York."
But how came you to subscribe for them ? "We
do not subscribe; they are sent to us, and we do
not know from whom."
Was it southern chivalry or northern Democ-
racy that had thus planted the virus of polit-
ical poison in the hearts of these obscure
dwellers of northern New York? 1 need not
pause to reply.
Not one of us has forgotten the New lorlt
city riots and the mad hate a Tammany Dem-
ocracy vented upon the peaceable, law-abid-
ing colored citizens, even to the burning of an
orphan home and the merciless hunting of
these wards of a Christian people, like wild
beasts, through the streets. Men, ignorant and
Democratic, with their jealousies aroused by
every possible appeal of which the crafty poli-
tician was master, were taught to believe that
the success of the Republican Administration
would result in their forced presence upon the
battle-field, and eventuate in the general erup-
tion of the negro and the rivalry of negro
labor.
Believing that the very bread upon which
they fed was to be taken from their mouths,
they became willing victims of abler and. de-
signing men, who, to advance their own inter-
ests, were ready to sacrifice the pride of the
nation. Here we see with what cunning soph-
istry the Democratic leaders injected the virus
of discord into the veins of the ignorant;
leaders who themselves were too cowardly to
face the bullet of a citizen soldiery. "Can
the hand forget its cunning?" Is not the
same spirit abroad to-day which fell in official
gravity from a Democratic mayor of New York,
now an honorable Representative on this floor,
[Mr. Wood,] who said: " With our aggrieved
brethren of the slave States we have triendly
relationsand a common sympathy. New York,
as a free city, may shed the only light and hope
of a future reconstruction of our once blessed
Confederacy ?''
In the light of history, have we no reason
to suspect that Democracy with all its cunning
has set aflame the Ku Klux fires?
Not six months have passed since it stood
in the Senate Chamber, face to face with six-
teen thousand soldier dead on the heights
of Arlington, and demanded that we should
remove their bones. They would scatter the
ashes of our hero dead. They would sell the
pillow from under his head, and for what?
Surely, for no other reason than to serve the
scum and Lees of treason. But, thank God,
the sacred instincts of a grateful nation spurned
the sacrilege. Surely it has been said none
too soon "that this nation and the human
race never needed the Republican party more
than to-day." Mr. Speaker, the President
early told us he should have no policy to en-
force against the will of the people. Recogniz-
ing their will in this crisis and his duty, he has
called upon us for such legislation as will pro-
tect loyal citizens in the South, and behold,
the honorable gentleman from New York sees
in it a desire to build up a military despotism
upon the ruins of a republic. He charges our
President with a desire to secure by the bay-
onet his reelection in 1872, when, to meet a
present emergency, he asks for special legisla-
tion, the force of which shall expire before
said election. "Motives of our President!"
A man who so aided in saving our country,
and whose world-acknowledged military re-
nown should be the pride of every American,
and who has enough of human glory to gratify
a single life so brief as ours, and hence can
have no "motive," as Chief Magistrate, but
to serve his country, that the page of history
shall shine with greater luster upon American
fame.
If it were a Democratic leader, one of the
chiefs of Tammany, who legislates entire rail-
roads into the pockets of the ring, paving their
way to power over a prostrate franchise, rob-
bing the State of its choicest gifts, so debauch-
ing public morals as to peaceably enjoy a power
to which no foreign potentate dare aspire, well
might a nation suspect a criminal intent.
Sr. Speaker, in the year of our Lord 1851,
in the slave-market of New Orleans, stood,
side by side, half a hundred human beings, of
all ages and both sexes. Prom among them
was taken to the auction block a bright-eyed
boy of six summers. He was nearly as white
as our own children in northern homes. There
was a careless confidence in his every grace,
for the only protecting power on earth, where
centered his love, stood near, eyeing him with
evident pride. I heard the cry "Going! going!
gone! " and this only joy of a slave mother's
heart was registered to an Alabama planter for
$625. . .
The mother came next. "Going ! going!'
but no response from the owner of the boy.
Turning imploringly to the planter she besou ght
abid. "Going! going!" yet his lips were
sealed. Falling upon her knees she implored.
The only replywas, "I bought him forabody
servant and have women enough." "Going!
going! gone!" and she parted from her dar-
ling child forever. In the summer of the same
year, when sailing to the Gulf of St. Lawrence,
we anchored in the straits of Canso. Weary
of the sea, I strolled up the hill-sides to a fish-
erman's habitation, and was welcomed by a
colored family who had come from their native
home in the sunny South to this inhospitable
shore, that they might be free. _ By the fireside
sat an old white man, a splendid specimen of
our proud Anglo-Saxon race. Long white
hair fell over his shoulders, and he seemed a
very picture of the patriarchs of old. Excus-
ing a conscious impertinence, I inquired why
he was alone with this family, in this far-off
part of the world. Turning toward me, he
said: "Two years ago I lived a mile over
beyond. My wife and sister died. I was
blind, and should have perished but for these
kind people bringing me to their home.
"But," said I, addressing the old lady, it
don't appear as if you could afford to take
care of him." " 0 lor," says she, "itdoes'nt
take any more fire to keep us all warm than it
would if he were not here." " But he has to
eat?" Sauntering up to the old gentleman,
with a generous look, characteristic of her
race, she says, "John, you know you are wel-
come."
I stood a moment in silent imagination, be-
yond the present hundred years, when we of
to-day shall stand in the presence of impartial
judgment, and as I heard the echoes of slave-
chains through the desolated chambers of that
mother's heart, robbed of God's best blessing,
it mingled so strangely with those noble words
of " welcome," that I saw along down the
pathway of our history the sure-coming storm
of God's vengeance ; and when the demon of
war bathed our land in fraternal blood I rec-
ognized a just retribution. But when I heard
the honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] rise in this House and bid this col-
ored race to the soft embrace of Democracy,
remembering their long suffering, their trust,
their patience, I must confess that I, at least,
failed to see the cause for such a curse. I
could find no solution for this change of heart,
unless it were in the prophetic vision of Wen-
dell Phillips, when he foretold a day not far
distant when a distinguished representative of
the Democratic party [Mr. Wood] would boast
of African blood coursing through his veins.
Mr. Speaker, the reverence Democracy has
always exhibited in the presence of our Con-
stitution is in perfect accord with their_ rev-
erence for all things sacred. If Rejafjlicans
presumed to give it elasticity, in orderTo arm,
equip, and save, a cry of injured innocence
filled the air, and they bewailed their sorrow
in unaffected despair, while they, with unflinch-
ing hands, stood ready to fire the train to blow
Constitulion and country to thin air.
But, Mr. Speaker, when they raised their
impious hands to shatter Constitution and
country, our Constitution went out to the bat-
tle-fields with a million brave hearts, and it
came back with them when "our boys came
home with victory at last;" and now, when
loyal men, in the agonies of a death-struggle,
call upon the nation to save, Democracy stands
with ghastly tread upon the thin lines of " State
rights" and wildly howls of usurped power,
broken oaths, and a Constitution trampled in
the dust!
I believe the Constitution is broad enough,
high enough, strong enough to protect Amer-
ican citizens everywhere, in their lives^ liber-
ties, and in the pursuit of happiness ; and if
any man doubts, I would say to the terror-
stricken, fleeing from the torch, the lash, the
stiletto. "Cornel come! come!" and I would
wrap them in the folds of our starry flag, and
in the presence of God and my country I
would say, "Here is our Constitution, as it
was, as it is, as it ever shall be."
Ku Klux Klan.
SPEECH OF HON. JOB E. STEVENSON,
OF OHIO,
In the House op Representatives,
April 4, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. STEVENSON said:
Mr. Speaker : Legislative assemblies ascer-
tain the facts upon which they base their pro-
ceedings from four sources of evidence.
The most important is "common fame,"
"the general voice" of the people. Upon
knowledge derived from this source general
laws are usually enacted. The fact of the
existence of the Ku Klux Klan is attested
by the "general voice" of the people of the
South in hourly utterance, by every channel
of intelligence—by the press, by mail, by tel-
egraph, by social intercourse.
