1871.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klaii—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. 01? Reps.
Could evidence be more explicit and con-
clusive ? It proves the existence of a secret,
oath-bound, military, political organization,
composed of rebels, extending through all the
late rebel States, and acting in the interest of
the Democratic party against the Republican
party by intimidation and violence. General
Thomas goes to the bottom of the thing when
he says:
"Th© controlling cause is that the greatest efforts
made by the defeated insurgents since the close of
the war have been to promulgate the idea that the
cause of liberty, justice, humanity, equality, and
all the calendar of the virtues of freedom suffered
violence and wrong when the effort for southern
independence failed." ******
*' Under this inspiration, the education of the great
body of the people, moral, religious, and political,
has been turned into channels wherein all might
unite in common."
This sentiment of regret for " the lost cause"
begets a desire to renew the contest in opposi-
tion to reconstruction, and hence the Ku Klux.
andrew johnson.
Andrew Johnson expressed the opinion of
the Klan itself in bis last annual message,
December 9, 1868, when he said:
"The attemptto place the white population under
the domination of persons of color in the South has
impaired, if not destroyed, the kindly relations that
had previously existed between them; and mutual
distrust has engender ed a feelingof animosity which,
leading in some instances to collision and bloodshed,
has prevented that cooperation between the two
races so essential to the success of industrial enter-
prises in the southern States. Nor have the inhab-
itants of those States alone suffered from the dis-
turbed condition of affairs growing out of these
congressional enactments. The entire Union has
been agitated by grave apprehensions ot troubles
which might again involve the peace of the nation ;
its interests have been injuriously affected by the
derangement of business and labor and the conse-
quent want of prosperity throughout that portion of
the country."
Here we have not only his doctrine, but his
confession that " the entire Union had been
agitated by grave apprehensions of troubles
which might again involve the peace of the
nation."
The Legislatures and Governors of several
States called on President Johnson for troops
to suppress insurrection, and he was com-
pelled to comply, and gave orders accord-
ingly ; so that we have not only his confession,
but his official acts. The importance of this
evidence can hardly be overestimated, for no
man was better advised of the character1 and
extent of the disorder than Mr. Johnson. He
was in accord with the southern Democracy,
and well informed of their plans, purposes,
and actions, of which the doings of this organ-
ization were part.
general forrest.
General N. B. Forrest made a statement to
acorrespondentof the Cincinnati Commercial,
at Memphis, August 28, 1868, which is pre-
served with General Thomas's report for that
year. General Forrest says:
the kxj klux klan.
Why, general, we people up North have regarded
the Ku Klux as an organization which existed only
in the frightened imaginations of a few politicians.
Well, sir, there is such an organization, not only
in Tennessee, but all over the South, and its num-
bers have not been exaggerated.
What are its numbers, general? .
In Tennessee there are over forty thousand; in all
the southern States they number about five hunared
and fifty thousand men. ,
What is the character of the organization, may i
inquire? . , .,.t
Yes, sir. It is a protective political milit ary or-
ganization. Iam willing to show any man the con-
stitution of the society. The members are sworn to
recognize the Government of the United States, it
does not say anything at all about the government
of Tennessee. Its objects originally were protection
ngainst Loyal Leagues and the Grand Army of the
llepublic; but after it became general itwastound
that political matters and interests could best be
promoted within it, and it was then made a political
organisation, giving its support, of course, to the
Democratic party.
But is the organization connected throughout the
State?
Yes, it i?. In each voting precinct there is a cap-
tain, who, in addition to his other duties,is required
to make out a list of names of men in his precinct,
giving all the Radicals and all the Democrats who
are positively known; and showing also the doubt-
ful on both sides and of both colors. This list of
names is forwarded to the grand comma-nder of the
State, who is thus enabled to know who are our
friends and who are not.
Can you or are you at liberty to give me the name
of the commanding officer of this State ?
No; it would be impolitic.
September 8, 1868, he wrote a letter to the
correspondent, in which he qualifies parts of
the report but does not deny the correctness
of the above, and says :
"I said it was reported, and I believe the report,
that there are forty thousand Ku Klux in Tennessee,
and believe the organisation stronger in other
States."
courier-journal.
The Louisville Courier-Journal of a recent
date declared that—
"The Ku Klux Klan was organized by some of the
best southern men, leaders in the rebellion, and
extended from the Potomac to the Rio Grande."
Thus we have the testimony of George H.
Thomas, than whom no better man drew sword
for the Union; the testimony of N. B. Forrest,
'than whom no braver man fought in the rebel-
lion ; the testimony of the Louisville Courier-
Journal, the best and ablest Democratic paper
in the South; and the confessions of Andrew
Johnson by word and act.
general howard.
General Howard, in his report for 1868, de-
scribes the condition of the southern States as
affected by the Ku Klux KIan._ Somegentle-
men on the other side may affect to discredit
his evidence, but the world knows General
Howard as a brave soldier and a pure philan-
thropist who has done a grand work of human-
ity and enlightenment. He has been indicted
by Tammany and acquitted by the country.
What if a Tammany chief had been appointed
instead of General Howard? The accounts
might have been more carefully kept, but what
would have become of the money? Here-
ports :
44 With all that is thrilling in the history of the
freedmen's education, and encouraging in their
progress throughout every district during the period
now reported, we are still compelled to say that
embarrassments from the revived rebel spirit of the
South, as seen in the facts stated, have thickened
about our schools.
" The following from a recent communication
expresses undoubtedly the truth:
" 'Never was the spirit of opposition more bitter and
defiant than at the present time. The civil author-
ities, being in sympathy with this feeling, wink at
all outrages; and the military, located at a few
points, are often entirely unable to reach tho per-
petrators of wrongs. The truth is, we aro m the
midst of a reign ot terror.' "
virginia.
" The secret organization known as the Ku Klux
Klan have made their appearance in various locali-
ties, visiting the houses of colored men at night, in
some cases placing ropes around their necks and
threatening to hang them on account of their polit-
ical opinions/' * * * * "Theobjectof
these midnight demonstrations" * * *
"appears to be to intimidate and control the^frced-
men in the exercise of their right of suffrage. '
They have not been so active in Virginia as
elsewhere, because Democracy controls the
State. The Ku Klux are not wanton maraud-
ers: there is method in their murder. They
do not use extreme measures when milder will
suffice. There is a surplus of labor in Virginia;
land-owners can control freedmen by making
employment depend on their votes, and their
advantage, united with intimidation and occa-
sional violence, enables the Democratic party
to maintain its ascendency.
kentucky.
"In 1867 the number of outrages committed by
whites against freed people, and officially reported
by subordinate officers smoo October 30,looo. is as
follows, namely: murders,twenty; shooting, eight-
een; rape, eleven; otherwise maltreated, two hun-
dred and seventy; total, three hundred and nine-
t0"Inl868, to October]4, theoutragesperpetrated by
the Ku Klux Klan have caused a great exodus into
other States." * *   * * * 'a:
"The number of outrages reported as committed by
whites upon colored people in the State of Kentucky
during the year is: murders, twenty-six; rapes,three;
shootings, thirty; otherwise maltreated, two hun-
dred and sixty-five; totftl, three hundred and twen-
ty-seven."
Six hundred and forty-six outrages in two
years.
The most unjustifiable and dangerous speech
I have heard in this debate was made by the
gentleman from the Ashland district, the suc-
cessor of Henry Clay, Thomas F. Marshall,
and John C. Breckinridge. That gentleman
charges that there is no ground in fact for our
proposed action against the Ku Klux Klan,
but that the excitement is a false alarm raised
to cover tariff intrigues and corruption. There
is no member of this House more firmly re-
solved upon action on the pending question
than myself, yet the gentleman from Kentucky
and I will not disagree greatly on the tariff
unless he asks more protection for hemp than
I can concede.
We do not disagree about the "Black-Chor-
penning" fraud, but I wish he would agree
with me in opposing the McGarrahan claim.
I agree with him in condemning the Indian
frauds, and regret that lie, having had charge
of the subject, has not pressed it for action.
I agree with him in opposing land grants, and
regret that he does not always vote as he speaks
on that subject. The gentleman cannot escape
the issue by such diversions. Let him face the
facts in his own State. I have already shown
six hundred and forty-six ascertained outrages.
The Frankfort Commonwealth of March 31,
1871, sets forth in detail, with place and date,
one hundred and fifteen ; ninety of them since
October 14, 1868, the date of General How-
ard's report. This makes seven hundred and
thirty-nine. The editor adds that shortly after
February 13, 1871—
"Jacob Lichter was hung by Ku Klux in Shelby
(February 16;) a masked band rescued Seroggins from
jail in Frankfort, (February 24;) and a band attacked
Baliou's store, in Franklin county; and Itucker was
killed, (March 11.)"
General P. St. George Cooke, in his report
tfor 1869, says:
" Out of tho cities and off from the great linos of
travel and commerce, in tho interior of Kentucky
and Tennessee, negro and white Unionist;; enjoy
little protection of law to person or property, and
the freedom of the negroes is a mockery.
" While I write the public prints record a Ku Klux
aotion—submitted to, of course—in which, breaking
into houses, they murdered one and maimed another
white man; ' scourged most unmercifully a white
man and several negroes.'"
I-Me is an item touching the gentleman's
own district and affecting his constituents :
Mount Vernon, Kentucky.
September 21, 18G8.
Dear General: "VVe need some military aid in
this section of country for the following reasons, to
wit: there is a band of Ku Klux in the vicinity of
Crab Orchard, Kentucky, that aro continually com-
mitting depredations in this part of the country.
About two months ago they went to James Baker s,
in Pulaski county, and murdered him by shooting
him ; some five shots took effect. On last Saturday
night they went to the house of one Stephen Cum-
mins* of Pulaski county, and killed him and his
daughter, and wounded his son; his son escaped by
running off in the dark. They shot his daughter for
lamenting over her dead father; he, Cummins,
killed two of them—uno on the ground, and one
died at Crab Orchard. They remarked before they
left that there was one more d—d abolitionist out ot
the way. It is Union men that they are operating
upon entirely. So, general, if there is not military
interference, we will soon be in a very bad fix. ihe
main nest is about Crab Orchard. We think it would
be a good idea testation some troops at Crab Orch-
ard, as we think it is one of the worst rebel holes in
Kentucky. Union men are becoming alarmed, and
will have to band themselves together for their pro-
tection if there isxxot something done. General, we
are satisfied that we need protection, or we would
not call for it. ,
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
WM. CARSON,
Judge Rockcastle Covnty Court.
A.J. MOORE,
County Attorney.
R.D. COOK,
ClerJc Rockcastle (,'ounty Court.
B.K. BETIIURUM,
Sheriff Rockcastle County.
The Kentucky contributor of the Cincinnati
Gazette, a constituent of the gentleman, well
