1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'523
squadrons during the late war; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Virginia, asking an appro-
priation for the establishment of the American
Printing House for the Blind and the Ameri-
can University for the Blind in the District of
Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of R. L.
Lindsay, praying to be allowed pay as captain
in the fiftieth Missouri infantry from April 8
to May 5. 1865: which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask permission now to call
up the resolution I offered the other day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall have
to object to any business being interposed.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of
Maria Hoefler, of the city and county of New
York, who represents that she is the widow of
Herman Hoefler, who enlisted in New York
city August, 1861, for three years, in company
A, fifty-second regiment New York volunteers,
and she prays that, arrears of pension may be
granted her. I think that the petition should
properly go. when it is in order, to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. For the present I move
that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
Ordered, That Albert Towle, postmaster at Bea-
trice, Nebraska, have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, it was
Ordered, That D.J. Powers have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the flies of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That J. B. Braden have lcavo to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Vermont permit me to ask him a question
before ho commences?
Mr. MOR&ILL, ofVermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I suppose this speech
is to go out in response, perhaps, to the report
of the San Domingo commissioners, I desire
to ask the Senator from Vermont if his speech
was not substantially in print some days before
the report of the commission was made?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. It was; and
I will say in addition that I have hardly had to
cross a t or dot an i since reading the report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a very extraor-
dinary question.
ENFORCEMENT 01? FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
320) to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the "Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Several Senators. Let the bill be referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the bill be read
twice and referred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I yield for
that purpose.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there be any objec-
tion which can be made I wish to make it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No objection can be made
under the rule. Of course you can object to
my colleague being taken off his feet for that
purpose ; but all I ask is the usual course of
reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill cannot
be referred until it has been read the first and
second time. Its reference is contemplated
by the restrictive rule under which the Senate
is acting: but if any Senator objects, it can
only be read once to day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object to its
being read the second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read the first time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object, unless
there is an understanding that 
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to state
what my view about it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is recognized.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no disposition to
delay any discussion of the subject, nor do I
object to this bill going to a committee, pro-
vided it is not brought back here immediately
or before some day next week. That is all I
desired to say.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to say 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will say that
I make objection to the consideration of the
bill by the Senate this week. If it is the un-
derstanding that it is to be referred imme-
diately to the committee and not to be reported
back before Monday I have no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. When the rule which
governs our action was under discussion objec-
tion was made on the other side that we might
take up this bill for action without referring
it. Now a motion is made from our side to
refer it, and two or three Senators on the
other side object. The motion to refer has
been made. I stated when the resolution was
under consideration that we would not attempt
to discuss the bill, that I did not think any one
would attempt to discuss it, without referring
it to the proper committee. Now we move to
refer it, and objection comes from the other
side. If this objection is persisted in I hope
we shall take up the bill, when the proper time
comes, without a reference. We are entirely
absolved from any understanding we had on
the subject by this course of the other side of
the House.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Let me say a
word.
Mr. THURMAN. Inamoment. ThcSon-
ator from Rhode Island jumps before he comes
to the stiie. Nobody has objected to a refer-
ence of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then let it be referred.
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody objects to its
being read a second time to-day provided it be
understood that it will not be reported back
before Monday. That is the statement. For
myself, I do not care when it is referred or
when it is reported ; but the objection of the
Senatorfrom California and of the Senator from
Kentucky was to its being read a second time
to-day, in order that it might not come before
the Senate for consideration until next week,
until Monday; and both of them have expressed
themselves as willing that it may be referred
provided it is not reported back until Monday.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was no under-
standing as to when it should be reported back,
but that it was to be referred to the committee;
and I supposed it would bo reported back, if
referred, whenever the committee, of which
the Senator from Ohio is a member, have
properly considered it and are ready to report
it. If it should be reported to-morrow, as the
committee have had this very subject, we know,
under consideration by direction of the Sen-
ate for several days, 1 should be very glad,
although I certainly would not wish to cut off
debate upon it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be debated
to-morrow if reported.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly, one objection
would carry it over. I am willing to have the
discussion continue for any reasonable length
of time that Senators on the other side may
desire; but there can be no injury to anybody
in having it commence as soon as possible.
In fact, we have been discussing it for the last
fortnight.
Sir. CASSERLY. Mr. President—■—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that perhaps a statement of the rule
of the Senate may settle this question. The
committee cannot report back this bill, excsepl
by unanimous consent, until to-morrow. It
cannot be considered to-morrow, if reported
then, except by unanimous consent, as, tuidei
the rules, reports of committees must lie ovei
one day for consideration if objected to. It
cannot, therefore, be reached betore Monday,
at the earliest, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAS3ERLY. I hope the Senate will
allow me to say a word.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Rhode
Island has spoken of an understanding. I did
not consider that there was any understanding
whatever, and the fact that we could get no
understanding that this bill when it came from
the House should be referred was the reason,
and the sole reason, so far as I am concerned,
why I objected to the last amendment placed
upon the restrictive resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island. I do not consider that
the majority here were under any understand-
ing, nor the minority either ; and if when this
bill came in here awhile ago the majority had
the power to take it up and put it upon its
passage instanter, and had done so, I should
not have considered that any understanding
was violated. If I supposed I was bound by
any understanding to permit this bill to be
referred the very moment it made its appear-
ance here, I certainly should not have objected.
I make this short statement now to vindi-
cate myself from any idea in the mind of the
Senator from Rhode Island, or of any Senator
who heard him, that I in any degree fell short
of perfect good faith in this matter, I did not
understand that anybody was bound by any
agreement, or obligation in the matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the
Senator from California that there was 110
understanding, there was no agreement, and
the majority might, if they saw lit, proceed to
the consideration of this bill without referring
it as soon as the rules would allow. But an
objection was made to the resolution, very
strongly indeed, led by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thdrman,] on the ground that if the res-
olution passed we would attempt to put this
bill on its passage without referring it to a com-
mittee, which he thought was very wrong. I
replied that I thought it would be wrong also,
if Senators on the other side desired to have
it referred, and that I presumed there would
be no objection whatever to a reference. Now,
in the absence of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the Senator from Ver-
mont on the committee moves the reference
of the bill, and Senators on the other side
object unless it be coupled with a condition
that the committee shall not report when they
get ready to report, we having already directed
them to report a bill upon the same subject
forthwith, or as soon as practicable. I do not
care whether it is referred or not; but if it is
not referred I hope we shall proceed to its
consideration without a reference.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I think the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island has no
occasion to manifest as much zeal as he does
at the present time, and I think his first remarks
were perfectly uncalled for. It was distinctly
asserted by the Senator from California and
myself that^we were willing that this matter
should take any course which would not result
in the bill being taken up for debate before
Monday. That was our distinct avowal.
With the remarks which the Chair has made
in relation to the course that this business
would take, I withdraw any opposition that I
have indicated to iis present reference to the
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read twice
and referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be considered as read
twice, and ordered to be printed and referred
to the Commilteeon the Judiciary. The Chair
