286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Heps.
Km Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
known to him as a man whose character for
intelligence and integrity is equal to that of
any other citizen of Kentucky, says in his
article of March 81, 1871:
"Outrages of this sort committed by these men have
been reported from the following counties : Carter,
Montgomery, Clarke, Fayette, Woodford, Anderson,
Franklin, Shelby, Henry, Marion, Washington, Mer-
cer, Boyle, Lincoln, Pulaski, Garrard, Madison,
fioekcastle, Bourbon. Scott, and Harrison. Hero
are twenty-one counties, in the center of the State,
as it were, in every one of which foul murders have
been committed by the Ku Klux, and in some of
tb em as high as ten or twelve murdered men can be
counted. All this, and a great deal more, occurred
during the administration of Governor Stevenson.
From the cutting down of the flags taff over the grave
of General Nelson; from the murder of Major Bier-
bower in Stanford, to the killing of the negroes in
Franklin, right under the nose of the Governor, these
things have been going on. Is an organization which
spreads over twenty-one counties, containing near
three hundred thousand inhabitants, and so intimid-
ating or in other ways annulling the action of the
State civil authorities, as to prevent their molest-
ing them, an organization which has stained every
county with tho blood of their victims, and which is
guilty of the death of more than ono hundred men,
a small affair? These are facts, are sober realities,
aio unexaggerated truths. That this organization
exists in all the portion of the State we have named,
their deeds attest. The State cannot or will not deal
with these men. The organization is so powerful
that officers of tho law have respected their man-
dates and obeyed their behests. Nay, it is charged
and behoved that in some counties somo of the offi-
cers of the law are members of tho organization,
made o(licers of tho law because of their political
influence.
" Columns after columns of tho newspapers for four
years past havo been filled with tho doings of these
men. Two thirds of the startling things that have
drawn and fixed the attention of the.poople in that
time have been Ku Klux murders. Tho pulpit
have denounced these men. Lawyers pleading for
the life of their clients have denounced them. So
distinguished a Democrat as John C. Breckinridge
has, in a public speech, denounced them." * *
* * "Two or three times when the doings of
them became too notorious, and were, in a manner,
free lioin disguise, a grand jury has indicted them,
but no ono has ever been triedin a State court, much
less punished. Grand juries stand in awe of them,
witnesses tell the foromon of juries that they will go
to jail before they will testify against them/' * *
*• j: " Weronll thoICuKlux arrested and brought
to trial, among them would be found sheriffs, magis-
trates, jurors, and legislators, and it may bu clerks
and judges. In some countics it would be found'
that tho Ku Klux and their l'nends comprise more
than half of the influential and voting population."
Twenty counties, the garden of Kentucky—
and nothing shall prevent me from saying that
the garden of Kentucky is the garden of the
world—have been swept by these lawless bands
for years.
We have no report since March 11, 1871,
nor any assurance of improvement. Go^Hnor
Stevenson repeatedly asked the Legislature for
extraordinary powers to quell disorder. They
seem to have considered the Governor too
pacific. During the session of the Legislature
a lawless band entered the State capital, broke
the prison, and rescued a prisoner and carried
him off in triumph. It is not probable that
under such circumstances violence has abated.
And I doubt not that if we bad a complete
statement of outrages from 1807 to this hour
the sum total would be numbered by thousands.
the right to testify.
The worst feature of affairs in Kentucky is
the denial of the right to testify in courts to
persons of color in cases against white men.
So far as I know, this is the only civilized part
of the world, the only community, civilized,
semi-civilized, or barbarian, where free citi-
zens are denied the right to testify in courts of
justice. Consider the consequences. Imagine
a colored congregation assembled in their
church, no white person present, as is fre-
quently the case, the minister in the pulpit
offering at the Throne of Grace prayer for his
people and their white neighbors. Ku Klux
enti-r the church, drag the minister from the
sacred desk, and slay him on the altar, and then
throw off their shrouds and masks, displaying
terms and faces familiar to every eye, avow
the act, defy the "cloud of witnesses," and say,
" Behoid, we are white! " Could mortal man
defend all this the gentleman would have done
so; but he did not try. His constituents do not
expect impossibilities, even of him.
tennessee.
General Howard says:
"At the close of the year 1867 the organization of
the secret society known as the Ku Klux Klan took
place." * * * * "The number of outrages
perpetrated by this band, or by desperadoes appar-
ently belonging to it, has been very great. The
intimidation of the colored people seemed to be its
object, to effect which colored men are frequently
taken from their beds at night and flogged unmerci-
fully, and occasionally killed." * * * *■
"During the year ending July 1,1808, one hundred
and seventy-nine homicides were committed."
Other outrages are not given, but generally
there are ten for every murder. This record
stops July 1, as if in despair. The Ku Klux
were worst from that time to the presidential
election, in November, and it is probable that
a full statement of murders and otHer outrages
for 1808 would exceed two thousand. We have
testimony in Tennessee cases ; that in Sheafe
against Tillman is most important. It shows
the organization, the oath, prescript, princi-
ples, and proceedings of the Ku Klux Klan,
and proves it to be a political, military organ-
ization within the Democratic party, warring
on Republicans.
Colonel William B. Holden, of the rebel
army, says he saw them in 18G7, in Marshall
county, and the vote of that county changed
from Republican to Democratic "simultane-
ously with their appearance."
15. P. Cooper (Democrat) saw them fre-
quently early in 1808.
Charles S. Wilson, of Fayetteville, (Demo-
crat,) saw them often from two to two hundred
and eighty-five together.
Other Democrats testify to seeing them in
various parts, and to acts of intimidation and
violence, scourging, shooting, hanging. They
visited Democratic families, playing pranks for
theiramuseinent, and keeping their "servants"
under discipline. One suclWcase is worthy of
record. S. W. Kainey (Democrat) testifies:
Question. Have you ever seen or heard tho whis-
tles or movemonts of what aro known or called the
Ku Klux?
Answer. I saw some three men some two different
times in disguise. Tliey came to my house this last
year. They had a whistle; I heard thom blow it
several times.
Quetlioa. Do you know of any negroes being
whipped, or in any way punished, by the Ku Klux
preceding tho olection of last November?
Awnver. Yes, sir ; one, a negro woman at my house,
rhe men in disguise—don't know who they were—
took her out, at the request of my wife, and gave
her, my son said, sixty-live lashes with a leather
strap, and it done her good; I thanked them for it.
They done it at the request of my wife. They told
my wife that they would do that, much for her. My
two boys say they didn't hurt her; the strap wouldn't
hurt like a switch. They told her if she didn't do
better, and would ever come to them, they would
repeat the dose. They took a gun from my negro
man and broke it up tho same night.
They visited Radicals in another style.
Scorcs of Republicans, black and white, tes-
tify to visitations. They generally came at
midnight, on horseback, in shroud and mask,
armed with rifle and revolver, and a long
leathern thong to scourge their victims. Some-
times they bore a flesh-colored banner in the
form of a heart, which they showed their cap-
tives to heighten their horror. These two
cases_ show how they dealt with Republican
families:
Alexander H. Gustin was next called, and after
having been duly sworn, deposes as follows:
Question. Mr. Gustin, be pleased to state your age,
residence, and occupation.
Answer. I am fifty-three years old next August;
reside in -Franklin county; occupation, farmer.
Question. State what are your politics, and state
whether or not you were ever treated badly by any
disguised men; if so, tell all about it; when and
where il occurred.
Answer. I am a Republican. I have been treated
badly by disguised men; on the 2d of last November,
on Monday night, they eametomy houseabouteleven
o'clock, and threatened to break my door open, and
I told them the first man who broke my door open I
would shoot him; I think there were about thirty or
torfcy of them ; there might not have been so many;
when I said that, they all jumped off and fired fifty
or sixty pistols, and threatened to set the house on
fire; I told my brother I thought it was pretty hot
work, and we had best get out of the bouse and go
down m the woods; they would not hurt the women;
when we ran down there they hollered, " Shoot the
damned Radicals!" Shoot the damned Radicals 1"
They came in the house, stole a rifle I had there, aDd
insulted my wife the worst kind, she sick in bed; they
burst the doors all in, smashed my window-frames,
and broke all the window-panes except three; there
were twelve in and they broke nine; the lower win-
dow-sash, frame and all, was broken out; my wife
and_ child were sick, and they insulted my wifo by
poking out their tongues at her, and leaning over
the bed.
Question. How long did you and your brother re-
main down in the woods, and did you lie out on any
other occasion in consequence of fear of them ?
Answer. Wo remained, I judsxe, about one hour;
we laid out there two or three nights inconsequence
of fear of them after that; Dr. Grant sent word to
my brother by little Joe Bryant that they, the dis-
guised men, were coming on Wednesday night, the
day after the election, to murder us; my wife was
scared so I had to send for Dr. Grant; he sat up with
her one night; Dr. Grant said she came very near
having congestion of the brain.
James Moseley, colored, was next called, and after
being duly sworn, deposed as follows :
Question. James, tell how old you are; what you
follow for a living; and what county you live in.
Answer. I think I'm about sixty-five years; fol-
low farming; in Franklin county, on Mr. Gustine's
place.
Question. Did you ever see any of these disguised
men, commonly called Ku Klux: if so, when, where,
and how often did you ever see them, and how many
were generally together; and toll all about what
they said and did.
Answer. Well, I "seed" 'em, I reckon; the night
before the election they come to my house andcalled
to me to open tho door; beforo I could get up and
open the door they bursted it open; wont to tho bed-
side where my daughter was; she holloed for me;
called me " pap," and when I answered tho man
found out where I was, and run right to me in my
bed and caught hold of me, and another one behind
him caught me by the collar; he asked me where
was that pistol? I told him I had none. Then ho
asked me where was that gun? I told him it was at
Mr. Gustino's. Then he whirls right around and
says, "That's the very gun he threatened to shoot
us with." Then he calls me out of the house and
tells me to vote for my friends; but I said nothing,
but just thought that he wasn't my friend. The
man that caught me by the collar tore it down to
the waistband of my drawers.
Question. Were you and your family much alarmed,
and how many in family have you; have you ever
got your gun since, or pay for it?
Answer. Yes, sir, we were much alarmed; had in
the house six of my family at that time.
They compelled colored men not to vote the
Republican ticket, and others to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket against their will, the freedraen
almost unanimously desiring to vote for Grant,
considering him one of their liberators. They
frightened the negroes by ghastly stories such
as this. Daniel Norris, after relating many
instances of scourging and other outrage, says:
He saw them once when they were looking for
something they had lost, and one of them said ho
was killed at Manassas fight, which he said was six
years ago; he was buried, and since then they had
built a pike over his grave and he had to scratch
like hell to get up through tho gravel. He also
wanted some water, as he had not had any since the
Manassas fight.
Question. You say that you have not seen any Ku
Ivlux in about three months. What has become of
them; are you afraid they will come back again ?
Answer. I do not know what has become of them;
I am sorter afraid they might come baok again.
They would ask for a bucket of water, and
emptying it into a sack at the throat call for
another, swearing that they "had not had a
drink since they fell at Shiloh, and had been
in hell ever since;'1 or one would take off a
false head and ask a negro to hold it for
him while he fixed his cork leg. They pub-
lished in Democratic newspapers such notices
as these;
Nashville, March 18,1868.
The death degree members of the K. K. K. are
hereby ordered to meet at their den for certain busi-
ness.
G. G. C.
Approved by the Klan. N. 0. B.
[Special Order No. l.j
Elr'od's Sepulcher, Bloody Graves,
Dark Moon, Time's up.
Shrouded Brothers of Shiloh Division,
Division No. 89.
The Great Past Grand commands you. Awful
times! Trying hours!! Bloody scenes U! Perish
