1871."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
42d Ccng....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. op Reps'.
the oppressors and the guilty. Maikwell. A silent
tongue 1 A steady hand 11 A true heart HI Note
well our friends; our enemies you know. The hiss-
ing bullet—the halter—and all'sright. Be cautious!
Bo vigilantII Be unsparing!!!
By order of Great Grand Cyclops.
Huron G. s. L. 0. B
[General Orders No,. 1.]
K.K.K.
Wolf Hole, Bloody Month,
Fair Moon, First Hour.
Shrouded Brothers op Memphis Division, No. 60.
In hoc signo. X 12.
The Great Past Grand Giant commands you. The
darkand dismal hour draws nigh. Some live to-day-
to-morrow die.
The bullet red, and the rights are ours.
To-day the 11th of the mortal's month of March
you will begin to scatter the clouds of the grave.
By order of Great Grand Cyclops,
G.C.T.
tK. tK. fK.t
"we have come! we arb herb 11
Beware ! I _ Take Heed I!
[Circle.]
When the black cat is gliding under the shadows
of darkness, and the death watch ticks at the lone
hour of midnight, then we, the pale riders, are
abroad X t
Speak in whispers and we hear you 11
Dream as you sleep in the inmost recesses of your
houses, and hovering over your beds we gather your
sleeping thoughts, while our daggers are at your
throats! f
Ravishers of the liberty of the people, for whom
we died and yet live, begone ere it be too late\t
Unholy blacks, cursed of God, take warning and
fiy.f
Tw?ce hath the sacredserpent hissed. When again
his voice is heard your doom is sealed.
Beware! Take heed!
Given under our hand in the den of the sacred
serpent on the mystical day of the bloody moon ! I
B. K. N. & L. G. Q.
Grand Cyclops of the Ku Klux Klan
for the Tenth Division.
To be executed by the Grand White Death and the
Rattling Skeleton.
=K. K.K.=
!=
Bloody Month, Skeleton Hollow!
Dark Moon, Silent Hour.
In Hoc Signum.
To the .Vailed Brotherhood of Monticello Division
No. 15:
The Grand Cyclops never sleeps. His bony fingers
have pointed to the "Bleeding Band," and (his)
messengers will greet (you) at the twenty-fourth
revolution of the "Spirit's Dial."
Mortals have threatened the Band. The "bloody
hand" is raised to warn. Be cautious lest it fall.
The sword is unsheathed and red. Lot tyrants
tremble.
II. K. 6-0-7.
Sub R. T. and Bearer of the Diadem.
Bloody Den.
Third Moon, Fourth Watch, K. K. K.
Pale Face Shrouded Division XVI:
Be ready! The hour approaches. The cyclc is
nearly complete! The air smells of blood ! Retri-
bution draws nighl Let cowards and renegades be-
lieve and tremble! To your dens, hyenas! Come
forth, ghost of the Shilohdead! Prepare and note
the signal! The owls shall repeat them!
Let Bosworth field recur again, and sweep all
Richards from the plain I
By order of the Great Grand Past Cyclops beyond
the running water.
1- K. K. K. -t-
Nisirod Sepulchre,
Last Hour, Sinking Moon,
Ninety-Third Division, S. S. S.
Perish the guilty! Shrouded brothers, their hour
isnear; their doom is sealed. When the torches flare
in the east, when the death-lights gleam in the west,
and the finger of the white skeleton points to the
new-made grave, brothers, strike; spare none. Per-
ish the guilty ! 8 .10 : +-: ? . 4 . 31. 3 . quickly. The
bloody hand is raised. Beware whore it falls. * !!
• 13 : *i— .
By order of the G. G. C.
Cayuga, S.
Truth is mighty and will prevail—when the Re-
publican party is extinct.
While freed men tremble with fear, theKlans
scour the country, disarming all who have guns
or pistols, and then come scourgings.
John Thomas (colored) says:
Question. State whether or not you were molested
or otherwise ill-treated oil or about or before the
election for President and members of Congress, on
the 3d of November, 1868; if so, tell all about it,
from the beginning to the end.
Answer. I was whipped one time; they gave me a
certificate, ticket I mean, to vote; the Ku Klux
whipped me. They told me if I did not vote the
ticket that there would be bad times afterward. I
took it and voted it; that is all; the ticket was for
Seymour and Blair. It was against my sentiments
to vote that way. I never voted that way before.
It was before the election. I do not recollect posi-
tively when it was; my corn was only knee high at
the time. I cannot tell how many licks they hit me;
they whipped me so badly that I could not plow for
two days.
Question. How many licks they struck you ? State
as near as yog can the number.
Answer. People said that they hitme four hundred
lashes.
Question. Do you think and believe that they hit
you that many stripes?
Answer. No, sir; I do not know how many licks
they did hit me. I knowed they hit me a heap; it
was the worst whipping that I ever had in my life;
and I never did get much whipping before that.
Question. How long before the election that they
gave you the ticket ?
Answer. The night before.
Question. Have any other colored men been
whipped or otherwise injured in that neighborhood;
if so, how many?
Answer. There have been eight whipped in my
neighborhood by the Ku Klux.
Question. Did any other colored men vote at the
same time you voted; if so, did they too vote lor
Seymour and Blair, and for Captain Sheafe for Con-
gress, against their will and sentiments ?
Answer. The six that voted had always voted the
Radical ticket. I do not know whether they voted
their sentiments or not. I have not heard them say
anything about it since.
Question. Had any of those six been whipped by
the Ku Klux before the election ?
Answer. They were all whipped before the elec-
tion, and on the same night that I was.
Question. What did they whip you with?
Answer. A leather strap.
George McMichael, a colored man, testifies-
Question, Were you afterward ever molested or
troubled for voting the Radical ticket; and if so,
state when, and by whom, and in what way were
you troubled ?
Anstoer. I was; the Ku «Klux came to my house;
they took me out; they tied me down on alog ; they
so said among them, they hitme two hundred lashes.
That was a month or so after the election.
fuestion. What did they whip you with, and what
they say they whipped you for?
Answer They whipped me with a strip leather;
they Sd,id I went to Manchester and voted the Rad-
ical ticket: they said they would take the damn
Radical out of me.
Question. Did they whip you on your clothes, or
did they strip and whip you ?
Answer. They stripped me, and every lick on the
skin ; they turned my shirt up and my pantaloons
down.
Question. You say they were KuKlux ; did they
have on false faces, or did you know them?
Answer. No, sir; I did not know them; they had
on false faces.
Cross-examin ation:
Question. How many of these men were there who
treated you so badly, George?
Answer. There was six ot them.
Question. Was it in the night or day time when
they whipped you?
Answer. It was in the night, about ten o'clock;
me and my family were all gone to bed.
Question. You say you did not know any of them;
do you know which way they came or went?
Answer. I don't know which way they came;
they went out down the hollow by McMikle's, and
up by Mr. Backner's mill, and intersect the public
road going toward Buck Grove.
Question. Did they say they whipped you for any-
thing else except that you had gone to Manchester
and voted the Radical ticket, and that they intended
to whip it out ot you?
Answer. They did not say that they whipped me
for anything else, only for voting the Radical ticket.
Question. Can you remember whether it was after
or before New Year's when this took place?
Answer. I do not recollect; it was about that time
they whipped old man Jack Singleton, and old man
Dred Mason, and Charles Powers, and stated they
were the club that went to Manchester to vote.
Question. Did the Ku Klux tell you that they had
whipped the other boys you have mentioned, or did
the boys themselves tell you?
Answer. The Ku Klux did not tell anything about
them. I saw old man Jack Singleton and Charles
Powers; they told me about it, and showed me the
gashes.
protection papers.
Colored men are often so alarmed as to accept
protection papers from Democrats to satisfy
the Ku Klux that they had voted the Demo-
cratic ticket. Here is one:
Presidential election, 1863.
State op Tennessee,
County of Gtles, Civil District No. 11:
This will certify that Andrew J. Marks, a free man
of color, voted the Democratic ticket at the late pres«
idential election, 1868.
M. F. MARKS.
, W.J.BROWN.
This 3d November, 1868.
D. A. Welden says he saw several others.
The practice was common. The colored men
who held them said "they were a protection
from the Ku Klux."
They required Republican officers to resign ;
broke jails to rescue their friends, or punish
their opponents. They would not allow pros*
ecutions. Alexander Jernigan says ;
Question. Do you hold any office; and if so, what
office, and how long have you held it ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I am a justice of the peace, and
was also appointed one of the commissioners to hold
the county court. I have been a justice of the peace
over lour years, and was appointed county commis-
sioner last April was a year ago.
Question, Have you or not been a Union man from
the beginning of the rebellion ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have.
Question. Did you vote at the election in Novem-
ber last; and if so, what ticket did you vote ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I voted a full Radical ticket.
Question. Were you ever beaten apd maltreated
for your political sentiments ? If so, state when,
where, and how?
Answer. I was tolerably badly treated, and I
believe for my political sentiments. Well, sir, it
was on Saturday night alter the first Monday in
January last; it was at my house. On the Saturday
night before there came a parcel of disguised men
to my house; I heard them a-coming. I stepped out
tooneside. abouttwentyyardsfromt,he house. They
went in the house and inquired for me, to know
whore I was. They told them that 1 was gone off in
the barrens. They said that I needn't have gone
off; they didn't intend to hurt me, or they would
have brought more of their force with them. They
stayed abouta short time, and went off down the road
the way they came; they didn't interfere with any-
thing. Well, then, the next Saturday nighc they
came back. I would suppose they left their horses
down the road apiece from the house; I don't know
how far. Thoy slipped up and surrounded the house
before I knew they were there. They commenced
blowing their whistles, and ordered them to open
the door. My wile, or some of them, opened the
door ; they came in; some of them drew their pistols
and commenced talking to me. The first question
was, if I didn't have men brought before the grand
jury in order to catch them? I told them I didn't.
The next question was, didn't I belong to the Union
League ? X told themthatlhad been in two or three
times, about six or eight months ago. I told them
I hadn't been in since, nor didn't expcct to be in
any more. The next word they said was, you can't
deny being a damned Radical ? 1 told them I didn't
deny it; I told them I expected to be one as long as
I believed it to be right. They gathered hold ot me
then, and said that I would have to go with them to
headquarters, They took me over in Jim Law-
rence's field; two of them held my hands, and
another one whipped me; one of them fired off a
pistol in the time. I don't know how many lashes
they gave me; I didn't count.
Question. Did you, before or after this treatment,
so dread and fear the Ku Klux that you lay out of*
nights to prevent being caught and abused or killed
by them?
Answer. Well, sir, I did, afterward.
They are bitterly hostile to teachers because
the illiterate freedraen look for instruction to
the school house. Therefore they warn away
such citizens, and if the warning be disregarded
they scourge or kill them. Here is a notice
left vrith a teacher :
Hidden~Recess, Unteebififd Retreat,
Klan of Vengeance ! Eternity 1 1
Villain, away! I Ere another moon wanes, un-
less thou art gone from the place thy foul form dese-
crates, thy unhallowed soul will be reveling in the
hell thy acts here hath made hot for thee I William,
eat heartily, and make glad thy vile carcass, for,
verily, the "Pale Riders" willhelp on thy digestion I
You and your friends will sleep an unaw&kening,
sleep if you do 1 Dare you eat 1 I !
The saored serpent has hissed the last time! ! !
Beware! ! ! ! K. K, K.
Malinda Gregory (colored) says—
"That she has bean teaching school until Juno
18, when the Ku Klux came and threatened her
life if she did not quit teaching; that she, finding
out tb.atMisy really meant to execute their threat,
left t&e country and came to Nashville."
