526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Hayti, possesses. Now is the mo3t propitious time
xor negotiation.
" Salnave must have money, and a gift of a worn-
out monitor or two would hasten matters.
"While my short stay in theisland will not permit
me to speak with authority, it is my individual
Einion that if the United States should annex
lyti on the representation of a party it would be
found an elephant both costly in money and lives."
I have no doubt that nine tenths of our offi-
cers, both military and naval, if called upon,
would testify that, even with an expenditure
of millions, the bay of Samana would be a
source of weakness to the United States.
It should also be noted when we have got
our naval vessels into the torrid zone—and all
of Santo Domingo is within that zone—that by
the regulations of the Navy our men cease
from labor and are permitted to hire natives
to attend to the ship, a privilege aot likely to
remain a dead letter among " old salts." Let
me quote from the regulations of the United
States Navy for 1870 to officers commanding
vessels:
"222. In cruising in the torrid zone he may engage
the natives to attend the ship and carry provisions
and water, if it should be advisable to do so in order
to preserve the health of the crew."
Would it not be more advisable to preserve
the health of the crew, and our own moral
and political health as well, by letting Santo
Domingo severely alone? If the Navy must
be permitted to employ natives to do even
ordinary work on shipboard, who will our
agriculturists, miners, and mechanics, who
may be seduced to go there, find it advisable
to employ to do the extraordinary work of
supporting "ten raillionsofpeople in luxury,"
which the President int:mates can be done?
LAND ENOUGH ALREADY.
Although I have never had any filibustering
ideas as to the manifest destiny or miraculous
growth of our country, I yet have an abiding
faith in the prospective character and great-
ness of the people of America, however terri-
torially bounded. It is true that territorial
expansions have some undelinable fascinations
for the Anglo-Saxon race, and they are not to
be wholly proscribed as wicked, for they are
sometimes innocent; but the merest tyro can-
not blink out of sight the fact that gross bulk,
or geographical extent, is not the only nor the
moat vital element which figures in the estimate
of a great and enlightened nation. The intel-
ligence and the virtue, the industry and the
courage, the intellect and the stamina of the
people, not the sum total of their property in
dirt., form the grander part of the basis upon
which rest the claims of all nations to rank
among their contemporaries or in the history
that survives their end.
If the question now were barely the acqui-
sition of more land, unincumbered by popula-
tion—although we have land enough and to
spare, homesteads even to give away—it would
have an aspect somewhat less objectionable.
Then it would be merely the cost of protection
to the additional territory, the transfer of some
portion of our own people to the new locality,
and the risk of their too probable speedy dete-
rioration of character. But when embarrassed
with a population, having, too, amostunattrac-
tive history and character, we have a more
serious and complex proposition to consider
and determine. Will the population elevate or
depress the standard of American civilization?
Will it prove such an enterprise as to attract
the good or the bad ? Will it tend to secure or
imperil the life of our republican institutions?
I would not speakdisrespeetfully of the Domin-
icans, if there was anything of which I could
speak respectfully. I would not speak of them
at all if it were not proposed to take them into
our Union as equal copartners.
THE POOR CHARACTER OP DOMINICANS.
But the people of Dominica are confessedly
in the lowest state of poverty, and must remain
so forever, because they will not work. They
are grossly ignorant; and must remain so, be-
cause they have no aspiration to be otherwise,
have attended no schools themselves, nor will
they provide any for their children. They are
a foreign, incompatible race, and never can be-
come homogeneous, in manners or customs,
language or religion, with our people; because,
having a diverse and incoherent origin, and a
climate always tending to effeminacy, they have
also for ages been intermixed with a stock which
neither learns virtues nor forgets vices, and
which clings with the sublimest faith to revo-
lutions alnd the Catholic priesthood of Santo
Domingo. There can be no attraction here
for any other class of emigrants than those to
be found in a similar latitude, where numbers
may have diminished the spontaneous supplies
of food, or a class unwilling to starve and yet
not quite willing to work.
The Dominican people have been represented
to be of such inferior and flexible material that
they could be at once molded and governed
by a thousand, or even fifty, Americans. If
that were so, what fifty, of whaicity, would be
likely to land there first? Would they pour
forth from the fertile loins of Mackerelville or
Northern Liberties? Would they be of a char-
acter fit to be intrusted with equal powers as
a State in peace or war to checkmate Massa-
chusetts or New York or Ohio ? Surely such a
consummation no more commends itself to the
older States than to the younger, and could
give us neither strength nor renown at home
nor abroad. Let us thank God that our patri-
otism does not yet teach us to love Dominica
as we love New York, Massachusetts, or Ohio.
The Santo Domingo chiefs, judging them by
their public acts, seem to be not greatly in
advance of their subjects, and are ready to
sell their country when in power, or to fight for
it when out of power. Their love of despotic
rule and lust for gold equals that of the most
graceless tyrants of any race, but they seem
to be utterly destitute of that noble ambition
which seeks to elevate their people, or which
enthrones liberty, justice, and law as the high-
est aim of human government.
A people wholly without education, led in
factions by unprincipled and desperate chiefs,
destitute of all ambition which a high civiliza-
tion inspires, reeking in filth and laziness, re-
gardless of marriage or its binding power,
who never invented anything nor compre-
hended the use of the inventions of others,
whose virtue is indexed by a priesthood ele-
vated by no scrap of learning and wretchedly
debauched in morals, would prove a serious
political and moral as well as financial incum-
brance. Tt cannot be reckoned statesmanship
to add to the complications of the hour by go-
ing abroad after fresh elements of inevitable
vexation and discord. By any treaty Santo
Domingo must be permitted to come into our
system on an equal footing with other Terri-
tories to be admitted in due time as a State ;
or if admitted by joint resolution it must take
position at once as a State. It must have
Representatives and Senators in due time,
or at once.
We cannot have even the poor privilege of
starting a plan of government with a military
satrap at its head, clothed with such preroga-
tives as might be necessary to control a people,
if not barbaric, at least unaccustomed to a free
Government or a free religion, and wholly illit-
erate and superstitious. Whether we were to
permit such a population, wholly incapable of
governing themselves, to a share in governing
us, and we have no constitutional precedents
for anything else, nor will anything else be
authorized, or whether we alone were to gov-
ern them, it .would be found equally objection-
able and inharmonious. We cannot afford to
dilute the aggregate intelligence of our own
people below its present standard while we are
striving to elevate that standard; nor ought we
to embark in a wild scheme of planting colonial
governors around the world, in an age when
they have almost ceased to be tolerated. Let
us educate a&d train the four million pupils I
which Providence has recently placed in our
charge before we take up a much more hope-
less class, that is to say, the ragged school of
Dominica. Honor most clearly does not lie in
pushing American institutions in the direction
of the equator, where even freedom's purest
metal yields to the fervent heat. Even the
American Republic cannot " lie immortal in
the arms of fire."
NO ANNEXATION TOLERABLE EXCEPT NORTHWARD.
But let ns for a moment turn our eyes from
a land congenial to monkeys and parrots to
something of more substantial value. Let us
forego the seductions of sugar and coffee plant-
ations, rising so luxuriantly in some tropical
imaginations, though scarcely to be found now
even in the narrow cul-Ae-sac they once filled,
and face the north.
"The blood more stirs
" To rouse a lion than to start a hare."
At the north there is a country interlocked and
dovetailed to our northern boundary, through-
out its whole magnificent extent, with a people
of kindred stock and tongue, which, without
money and without price, and with their own
consent, will at some time surely show, per-
haps in the second term of General Grant,
that they are ready to join and improve their
fortunes by going hand in hand and abreast
with the Great Republic. Let them do this,
and their advancement will be assured, while
our own will not be retarded, but perhaps made
morecomplete. This would reflect honor upon
all parties, banish Penianism, and blot out the
name of the Alabama.
The British provinces are of age, and Great
Britain daily hints to the bashful youngsters
that, although she will not forbid them all
shelter under the paternal roof and will not
wholly cease the great baby perquisites of soft
caresses, yet she feels chagrined that they
have not discovered it to be quite time for them
to shift for themselves and to cease teasing her
forbonbonsand pocket-money. She does not
tell them in plain words, as Isaac told Jacob,
where and when to go and wed, for she is alto-
gether too clever not to know what alliance has
been foreordained and determined. What the
laws ofthe universe join together cannot be kept
asunder. It will not be a runaway match, for
there is no shame and need be no secrecy about
it; but some fine morning, the last of the
"Queen's Own" having departed, the New
Dominion will muster its manhood and pop
the questipn. After that, at Toronto, Mon-
treal, Halifax, and Quebec, we shall hear from
more than four million throats, " Hail Colum-
bia!" Here is the true field of honor. But,
if we show an indiscriminate and promiscuous
desire to annex anything atid everything, even
a slice of a tropical island, a match of the
cheapest and most dubious character, how can
we expect our proud and fastidious Anglo-
Saxon neighbors on the north, ripe in expe-
rience and liberal culture, with their solid and
extensive patrimony, to join such a union with
any alacrity or affection ?
I am sincerely apprehensive that the project
for Dominican annexation will seriously jeop-
ardize our prospects in the North, and perhaps
postpone the interests and happiness of mil-
lions of people indefinitely. The northern field
of enterprise, which might attract our people
and capital, would be one of assured health
and profit, and contribute to the power, cer-
tainly not to the weakness, of the nation.
The New Dominion, once infolded by our flag,
would find the blood coursing in its veins with
a swifter current and fuller pulsation, and with
all her industries, her commerce, and national
improvements, upheld by forty million hearty
coadjutors, would also find such security and
prosperity as have not been reached even in
the dreams of its most sanguine citizens. Its
population and wealth would be doubled in a
single decade. Why should we, then, barri-
cade the entrance to our Union against the
provinces on the north by any rubbish turn*
