1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Km Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
words of this organization are fully exposed, to-
gether with the plans of operations, &c„ so that
people everywhere may see with their own eyes.
In making these confessions we have implicated
no one but ourselves, but we hope that our friends
will take warning from what has transpired within
the last few days, and immediately withdraw from
organizations such as we have mentioned and assist
us and all other good citizens in restoring peace and
good order in our county.
CLEMENT C.CURTIS,
JAMKS E. BOYD.
ROBERT HANNliR.
JOHN R. STOCKASD.
JACOB MICHAEL.
J. N.H. CLENDENIN,
HENRY ALBRIGHT,
JAMES H.FOUST,
D. D. TEACJUE.
A. J. PATTERSON.
J. A. J. PATTERSON,
JOHN G. ALBRIGHT,
CHRIST C. CURTIS,
S. A.CDRTIS,
W. S. BRADSHAW,
JASPER N. WOOD.
Many of the signers were examined and
Verify the statement. Some are men of charac-
ter, position, and culture, but none tell the tale
more clearly than Thomas F. Willeford. He
was a member of the Klan, but his wife per-
suaded him to leave them.
He is denounced by Democrats, and even by
gentlemen on this floor, as a perjured man, be-
cause he holds his allegiance to his country
above his obligation to the Ku Klux Klan ; and
when examined under oath according to law,
and sworn to testify the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth, as he shall answer
to God, he keeps his lawful oath and testifies
truly, instead of forswearing himself to keep
his unlawful oath to the KuKlux Klan. And
so are all witnesses who were members de-
nounced for telling the truth.
■ Washington, D. C., February 20,1871.
Thomas E. Willeford sworn and examined:
By the Chairman:
Question. What is your occupation ?
Answer. I am a carpenter.
Question. Where were you during the war?
Answer. I was in Lee's army.
Question. Have you any knowledge of an organ-
ization commonly called the Ivu Klux in Lenoir
county? .
Anmoer. They had an organization there called
the C. 0. G.; the Union Guards I believe they called
them.
Question. Were you a member of that organiza-
tion? ^
Question. What was its object, and how did it carry
out its object?
Answer. Well, I believe it carried it out by all the
meanness it could. Tho intention of it was, so the
leading men told me. to overthrow the Republican
party and put the other patty in power. That is tho
way tho oath was administered to me.
Question. Have you a copy of the oath?
Answer. No, sir. , ,
Question. Have you seen the oath that is pub-
lished in the President's message?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is pretty much the samo.
Question. Look at the oath as there given and say
if that is the oath you took.
Answer. (Beads the oath.) That is pretty much
the same oath.
By Mr. Nye:
Question. After you had taken this oath, stato
whether there was any explanation given as to what
it meant. , , . A,
Answer. "Well, it meant the overthrow of the
Republican party and injure it all they could, and
have the other party come in power.
Question. State whether it was explained to you
that it meant anything about the Constitution as it
is or as i*. was.
Answer. As it was. „ „ , „ . a
Question. Both of the State and of the Union?
Anmoer, Yes, sir. ...
Question. How many belonged to that organization
in that locality? , .
Answer. I reckon there was some three or lour
hundred in our camp.
Question. This was in what county ?
Answer. Lenoir.
Question. Do you know whether such an organiza-
tion exists in the adjoining counties?
Answer. Yes. sir; atom meetings there were mem-
bers came from other counties.
Question. What county ?
Anmoer. Jones county, just across the river.
Question. While you were a member of theorder
in Lenoir couuty, were any orders or decrecs issued
to be executed upon any person?
Answer. Yes, sir; there was several. We broke
the jail open and whipped two or three black men.
42d Gong. 1st Sess,—No, J9.
We brought two of our own men out of jail and lib-
erated them, De Vaughn and Hines.
Question. And took out three black men and
whipped them?
Answer. No,sir; we took them out of their private
houses. #*##****
Question. Do you know what that means ?
Answer. They always told me the Union Guards.
Question. The Constitutional Union Guards?
Answer. Yes, sir; they told me they wanted the
Constitution as it was before the war broko out.
Question. Didthoy tell you what tho object was?
Answer. Yes, sir; in the first meeting. I was ini-
tiated in Kennedy's barn.
Question. Did you take the oath ?
Answer. Yes, sir; and then tho next Saturday
went to the meeting.
Question. What did they tell you then was the
objeet of tho organization?
Answer. They told me it was to damage the Re-
publican party as much as they could—burning,
stealing, whipping niggers, and such things as that.
Question. Murder?
Answer. The leading men wo were to murder.
!{4 # * sjt $
Question. Were you sworn to keep tho secrets of tho
order?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And to obey the orders of your com-
mander?
Answer. Yes, sir; we had to obey them just the
same as you had to obey your commander in the
Array, every bit.
Question. What was tho penalty, if you had any?
Answer. If we didn't obey them they were to pun-
ish ussome way, and if we divulged anything they
were to kill us.
Question. What was the name of the commander?
Answer. Jesse C. Kennedy.
Question. Do you recollect the names of any other
officers of your Klan ?
Answer. Yes, sir; Lawyer Munroe I think was
north commander, and Ash De Vaughn I think
was south.
Question. Was there a man by the name of Grelon
west commander?
Answer. I think Tillou was our west.
Question. Did you ever hear that any of them were
convicted?
Ans-wer. No, sir; never did.
Question. Have you ever heard of a KuKlux being
convicted of any offense there ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Was there anything in tho obligation
you took, or the rules of the order, as to your being
obliged to defend men by your oaths, or otherwise ?
Answer. Yes, sir; if he could get you in as a wit-
ness you had to swear him out, let you be swearing
a lie or not. If you swore against him, why you
might just as well be a traveling at once.
Question. You mean by that you would be in dan-
ger of your life from the order?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. Anything aboutgettfng 011 thejury ?
Answer, Yes, sir; if wo could get on the jury we
could save him, do what you please.
Question. No matter what tho proof? 4
Answer. Yes, sir; you couli not bring proof enough
to convict?
Question. Were those who went out upon those
errands to commit these outrages bound to report
to anybody on their return?
Answer. Yes, sir; they had to report to the chief
what they had done.
Question. Did your camp receive communication
with other camps in different parts of the country ?
Answer. Yes, sir; we received, I think, from three
differewf. counties. 4
Question. Did you ever ascertain the number of
this order in the State of North Carolina?
Answer. Our lcaier told us there was about sixty
thousand; that is all I ever knew—just hearing him
say one day in meeting that they was growing very
fast, and had about sixty thousand.
Question. Was there more than oue order?
Answer. Yes, sir; there were two orders.
Question. What was the other?
Answer. The White Brotherhood.
Question. Was that a higher order?
Answer. No.sir; thatisaboutwhere ifccommences.
Question. Then, this C. U. G. was a little higher ?
Answer. Yes, sir; it was higher than the White
Brotherhood. . ,
Question. Was Kennedy, as your leader, in the
habit of imparting to this White Brotherhood, when
they met.such information ashereceived from other
places ?
Answer. Oh. yes, sir.
Question. Were there reported in your order mur-
ders and whippings from other portions of tho coun-
try ?
Answer. Well, I think there was two reports; one
murder, and the other whipping nearly to death.
a****** ft **
By Mr. Nye: #
Question. Was there any arrangement m this Ku
Klux Klan by which the wages of eolored men were
fixed? , . •
Answer. Yes, sir; the men was to give a certain
price, and no more.
Question. If any one gave more  .
Answer. Why ho was to have something done with
him in some way; dealt with just whatever the camp
said.
Question. State whether stealing was a part of the
business of the Ku Klux.
Answer. Yes, sir, from black men; if they had
horses we was to take them off.
Question. Or mules ?
Answer. Yea. sir; any stock of any kind.
Question. What was done with that stock ?
Answer. It was sold and divided among thexn.
Question. Among the Ku Klux?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. To steal horses and mules from negroes;
what was that for?
Answer. To keep thorn from farming, so that they
could hire them.
Question. Woro there largenumbers of horses and
mules brousrht in?
Ansioer. Oh, yes, sir; lots of mules were stolen
from about thero.
Question. Were they sold?
Answer. Yes,sir; shipped toward South Carolina,
I believe.
Question. And the proceeds divided?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. State to what extent this Ku Klux Klan
was to go in breaking up what they called the Rad-
ical party.
Answer. Well, we was to put it out of the way,
someway or another, (if not kill and burn,) till we
got the Democrats into power.
Question. That was the direction youhad from the
Klan ?
Answer. Yes, sir; the direction that they gave
me and all tho balance that was in there when I
was.
Question. To kill and drive out till the Democratic
pariy 
Answer. Got into power.
Question. Was that carried out?
Answer. Yes, sir, I believe so; it has tho power,
anyhow.
Question. Was that the business of the Ku Klux
Klan?
Answer. That was what they told me it was; that
was our duty, to break it up.
Question. During these meetings was the subject
of being friendly or unfriendly to the United States
Government talked over?
Answer. Well, wo was to do any way we could to
injare the Government, and get our people in
power. § That was our whole study.
Question. You went from Lenoir to Cabarrus
county. Is Cabarrus your native county ?
Answer. Ices, sir; where I was born and raised.
Question. Did you flee for fear of the Ku Klux
in Lenoir?
Answer. Yes, sir; that was what I left for.
Question. Describe that.
Answer. They threatened me that if I didn't
keep my mouth shut they intended to kill me. 1
got the news of it. and just left one morning. A
young man named Jesse Kennedy, a cousin of the
other Jesse, brought me up as far as Goldsborough,
and then I took the train.
Question. When you got to Cabarrus county, did
you find the order there?
Ansioer. I found some men thero. They tried to
start a little order, but they got soared and quit.
Question. Were there Ku Klux there ?
Answer. Oh, yes, sir; I found some, but I don't
think there was any meeting at all in that whole
county.
Question. Was there any in theadjoiningcounty ?
Anmoer. I think there was in Rowan county;
most of them was there.
Question. Did you attend a meeting there ?
Ansioer. One; it was the White Brotherhood.
Question. While in Cabarrus county did you go
into South Carolina?
Answer. Yes, sir; I went into South Carolina as I
cam© from Lenoir county; I found my friends in
South Carolina.
Question. State whether the order existed there.
Answer. Yes, sir; they told me it existed from
there on to Georgia.
Question. Did you learn from your commander, or
otherwise, that the order existed throughout the
southern States?
Answer. Yes, sir; I heard him tell me them very
words out of bis mouth—that it existed plumb
through the southern States; said they had a com-
plete Tineofit.
Question. Of what kind of people was the Ku Klux
Klan composed? Was it made up of men who were
in tho rebel army?
Answer. Yes, sir. I don't believe there was one
that belonged to it but what had been in tho army.
Thero was ono little fellow, with one leg shorter than
the other—I don't think ho was in the army.
Question. Was it composed of rebel officers and
soldiers?
Anmoer. Yes, sir; the officers of our Klan had been
officers in the army.
Question. Were you a soldier in the rebel army
throughout?
Answer. Yes, sir; I went clear through tho whole
business.
Question, Tn your camp in Lenoir county were the
men masked ?
Ansioer. Not at the meetings; butthey would black
their faces and get some old things on at night, if
they wanted to do any devilment. But the night
we went to the jail we j ust went full-handed.
