530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
enough, as that measure, by increasing our I
expenditures and diminishing our receipts, !i
would really only plunge us into difficulties far
deeper and more inextricable than those we are
now called upon to confront.
THREATENING INCREASE OP TAXES.
The possession of Santo Domingo would
heavily increase national taxes, as it would be
absurd to suppose that a country without an
a,cre of public lands, of one hundred and twenty
or one hundred and sixty thousand poor Do-
minican men and women, unaccustomed and
unwilling to labor, could or would make even
the smallest contribution to the payment of
the public debt or even to their own defense.
The tracks would all be outgoing from the
Treasury, and none incoming. The first thing
to be done would be to appoint a Governor,
whose staff and surroundings must be equal
to those of the captain general of Cuba, and
Governor of Jamaica, or he would rank only
as one of the "poor white trash," and turn
out to be no Governor at all. The judiciary
and other branches of the civil service must be
furnished, and there would be plenty of room
for all the discontented culls thrown out of
custom-house employment at home.
Then a permanent naval squadron would be
ornamental and contingently indispensable.
Docks, arsenals, hospitals, and navy-yards
must follow as a matter of course, as Santo
Domingo is surrounded by dangerous rivals as
well as by dangerous reefs, and our naval squad-
rons would be in constant dread of barnacles
and constant need of repairs. Forts, martello-
tovvers, and other fortifications, would have to
bristle up around the whole circuit of the shore
lines. How many regiments of soldiers—
horse, foot, and dragoons—would find employ-
ment and graves there the experience of Gov-
ernments having similar dependencies suffici-
ently discloses. Revenue cutters would find
an ample field for their prowess, as smugglers
would replace ancient buccaneers. Rivers and
luibors would require improvements; rail-
loads, vvitli subsidies, would turn out to be
postal or military necessities. An assay office
and mint could hardly be refused to a land of
so much undiscovered gold, where they are
now compelled to use paper money instead of
pieces of lea'her, such as were in vogue when
the mines of Cibao were most productive, and
yet yielded but half a million dollars annually
to the labor of wretched miners. More than
all, schools and school-h'ouses would need to be
established with laws making attendance com-
pulsory.
This long catalogue of requirements may
seem extensive. But there is not one of them,
if a treaty were ratified, that would not at once
beloudly called for; andourhomepeople would
have to foot the bills. Spain kept an army in
Cuba, prior to the late civil war—including
infantry, cavalry, and artillery—of twenty-eight
thousand men. or nearly as large as that now
maintained by the United States, and a navy
made up of four frigates, fifteen steam-ships,
aud thirty-two smaller vessels. This indicates
the climate into which it is sought to plunge
American institutions i
Such an annexation would expose the peace
of the country to new complications and to con-
stant peril. Revolutions and civil discord seem
to be the normal condition of the tropics. The
doors of the Temple of Janus are never closed
near the equator nor in Spanish American
republics. The defense in case of war of this
patch in the ocean would involve an outlay
of men and money greatly in excess of the
importance of the territory or of its people:
and after all our expenditures, any naval Power,
having the most iron-clad vessels at hand, in
case of war. would at once become its master ;
any improvement made by us would only make
the prize the more glittering and valuable to
the captors.
At home we may be invincible; but as de-
fenders of out-lying dependencies we should
drop to a third or fourth-rate Power, because
we have not andought notto have alargenavy,
for the mere glory of naval supremacy, or the
vanity of a comparison with the royal and
imperial navies of the Old World. We might,
indeed, follow the advice of Mackenzie, who
says, ''the yellow fever would effectually se-
cure the island in case of an external attack
if the policy of abandoning the coasts and
destroying the towns were acted on." But
will it not be far better not to put ourselves in
a position where we must depend upon such
dolorous auxilaries, or where municipal sui-
cide would be the best of available defenses ?
A TROPICAL CLIMATE NEVER EXEMPT FROM TROPICAL
DISEASES.
There is a question of some gravity as to the
salubrity of the climate in Santo Domingo. If
it is really healthful why is it that its popula-
tion has been forever on the wane? Its col-
ored population, without thrift or fertility,
steadily diminishes in number, and whites never
go and stay there with any purpose to make it
a family home. Concede that the soil is fer-
tile and hot in its fecundity, then may it not be
asked whether it is not true everywhere under
a tropical sun that a country, rank to rotten-
ness in its vegetation, is equally rank in its
malarial diseases?
True, it would seem to cost nothing to raise
children in Santo Domingo, because until they
are five or six years old they go forth like our
first parents in Paradise, without shame, as
naked as they came into the world. Even
adults are often content with little more than
one garment, and are not very fastidious
whether that is a shirt or a coat, a pair of
pantaloons or a hat. Why is there no increase?
In the first place, from universal and uncon-
querable indolence, no extensive crops are
grown, and when any are grown the owners
are in such constant dread of military raids
and the periodical hurricanes, with both of
which they are so often visited, as to make
subsistence precarious. In the absence of
these, droughts not unt'requently destroy large
tracts of vegetation. A regular supply of food
is necessary for any increase of population;
and for this end tropical fruits, though ever
so abundant in their season, are an insufficient
substitute. But the hot seasons of every year
are as fatal in their ravages as famine and
epidemical diseases are sure to be active and
vigorous, though the people are not. Malte
Brun, speaking of the bay of Samana, says:
"The banks of that vast basin are unhealthy, and
Europeans are un willing to reside there."
Of course an excursion party, traveling on
the bounty of the Government, with something
of the pomp of Antony visiting Cleopatra, sped
along by the imperial clarion of music, and
leaving the stern frosts of a northern winter
for the soft and sunny lap of the tropics, where
the earth is all clad with greenest verdure,
would be pleased and in smiles with every-
thing ; with the birds of the air, beasts af the
field, and even with creeping things. They
are happy. Severe and irreverent critics they
cannot be. They are there for the purpose of
being pleased ; nobody expected anything less;
and they would be careful not to stay so long
as to encounter the perils of the climate. How
much knowledge, untinged by "the animated
particles of the rainbow," would such an ex-
cursion party obtain as to the statistics of
mortality in the fraction of five weeks of time,
devoted to all the objects of their mission, not
excluding social enjoyments and ceremonies,
and, under the adroit manipulation of Baez,
bankrupt, as he is in money, and with no repu-
tation to spare? Birds of passage, even the
wild geese, which go south in the winter and
fly northward with the earliest breath of spring,
mightas well be summoned to testify about the
dog-days they had never seen under the equator,
as such a February party to testify touching the
summer solstice at Santo Domingo.
The commissioners will be recognized as
most intelligent and highly respected gentle-
men, but iheir time was too short and their
task too great. They will undoubtedly be able
to state that tropical plants grow in tropical
countries, and to refute all such stories ns that
related in the only joke ever perpetrated by
Washington, as to Newark, that the mosqui-
toes are so fat and large as to '• sting through
the thickest boot;" but in the brief time they
expended they must have been so hurried as
to be obliged to follow in large measure the
"memorandum for a tour" in New Jersey, to
be found in Salmagundi, as follows:
"A knowing traveler always judges of everything
by the inn-keepers andwiiiteri—set down Newark
people all as fat as butter—landlord member of the
Legislature—treats everybody who has a vote-
mem. all the inn-keepers members of Legislature
of New Jersey—saw a largo flock of ciows—con-
cluded there must be a dead hoisc in the neighbor-
hood—mem. country remarkable for crows—won't
let the horses die in peace."
Mr. President, I would take the word of the
commissioners for £5,000, but I would not
take their indorsement of the climate of Santo
Domingo for more than five weeks.
But the fate of French and Spanish armies,
early and late, disclose the facts. We know
that, with the aid of the climate, a few ignorant,
ill-clad, ill-fed, and ill armed Dominicans have
destroyed large and well-appointed armies.
Army statistics show what is the rate of mor-
tality, when we compare the South with the
North within the extreme limits of our own
country, and these prove the mortality-in the
South to be nearly four times greater than in
the North and Bast. The number constantly
on the sick list from malarial fevers and dys-
entery is also vastly greater. Nobody will
question that Jamaica is as healthy as Santo
Domingo, and yet the average deaths there of
the British army, from 1837 to 1855, were as
great as at Bombay, or over sixty annually in
every one thousand men, while in some years
they reached the rate of three hundred men out
of one thousand in a single year. This is a rate
which destroys a whole regiment in about three
years. In Canada the annual mortality is only
reported at ten in one thousand men. It will
thus be seen that military service in the West
India Islands is more fatal to life than even
that in Algeria, so much more destructive than
the average home service to the French army.
A change of the political sovereignty could
hardly be expected to effect any change of the
climate.
The colored race withstand the climate aud
the yellow fever somewhat better than the
white race, but the bulk of our Army—three
fourths at least—are reciuited north of the
Potomac, or from the cities of New York, Cin-
cinnati, and Chicago, and are almost entirely
white. At Key West we know the fearful
fatality that attends our troops. It may be
said that when sent to Santo Domingo they might
bo stationed in the interior, among the mount-
ains, but there they would be useless, except
in cases of insurrection. They must be placed
on the coast and around harbors. These would
be the places requiring defense, requiring a con-
stant military police, and here our troops must
lay t.beir bones in obedience to laws they have
no power to resist. Jamaica, Cuba, and Santo
Domingo for years were called the graves of
Europe. Do we want to make the latter the
grave of America?
Eighty years ago there were twenty-three
British forts in Jamaica, besides fourteen posts
or batteries, with officers and men. How many
there are now I know not, but probably there
are not less. And how is that island held and
governed now? Great Britain still holds the
island, but its industry has perished, and she
would probably be glad of an excuse to cut loose
from it forever. Since the late rebellion there,
resulting in such fearful tragedies, the entire
authority is vested in the governor, assisted by
a privy council, appointed by himself, consist-
ing of six members, aud a legislative council,
consisting of the privy council and six non-
