1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
such as would add political and moral strength
to her free institutions, wisdom to her coun-
cils, and buttresses to her Constitution, and
cannot afford to favor, nor can President Grant
with his grand history afford to favor, the an-
nexation of a people, confessedly inferior to
the French, or to the Spanish, or to any other
European nationality, whose latest constitu-
tion forbids the alienation of their soil, and
whose present chief is confessedly too weak to
maintain ascendency over his own countrymen
except through the standing menace of the
flag and guns of the United States Navy. It
will touch our honor if it shall turn out that
we hold up a chief in order to make or to hold
up a treaty. We may even make some of the
ancient British acquisitions of Lord Glive and
Warren Hastings in India respectable by such
a modern indorsement.
I cannot but regard a policy, though it be
only the first step in the direction of what may
be called tropical annexation, which would
tend to make our nation a conglomerate of dif-
ferent habitudes and nationalities, instead of
one united, compact whole, as fraught with
unmistakable calamities. An empire may be
able, through its more despotic rule, for a time
to hold discordant peoples in subjection ; but
make such materials sovereign and equal, as we
must—lor we accept for ourselves nothing less,
crowning all with our fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments—and'it would be only a question
of time as to how soon they would, by intro-
ducing extravagance, corruption, local divis
ions and collisions, wreck the best form of
constitutional government ever devised by the
wit of man and ruiu the fairest hope of the
world.
the warnings op history.
Unfortunately, the life of republics has not
been immortal. There is one, however, that
has stood unchanged fourteen hundred years
amid all surroundingchanges ; but San Marino
is not only the oldest but the smallest State in
Europe, a State that never courted destruction
by expansion.
The lessons of history, I am aware, are litte
heeded, and a fast people in a headlong pur-
suit of material interests often refuse to recog-
nize Irhat they are on the same road marked by
the bleached skeletons of nations wasted or
fatally stricken down by the results of a similar
mad ambition. Conceding that the despotism
which controls an empire may be the best
adapted among all governmental institutions
for the control of colonies, distant provinces,
and foreign territories, let us see how it has
fared with a few of such examples in the past,
and where success might be looked for, if any-
where.
Alexander pursued territorial acquisitions
until tradition records that he wept because he
could no longer find a new world to conquer,
having acquired in seven years an empire as
large as that acquired by the Romans in seven
hundred; but the great Alexander was no
sooner dead than his colossal empire was
found to be as incurably debauched as he was
known to have been himself, and the empire
was at once broken into numerous military
fragments to vex the world with new wars and
a fresh brood of tyrants. At last Macedonia
itself, the ancient seat of Philip and the base of
the son's power, was reduced to a mere Roman
province, while the city of Alexandria, built
to perpetuate the name and splendor of its
founder, has long been a conquest under the
dominion of the Turks, who give away its
ruins, with barbaric munificence, to British
museums.
The decline and fall of Rome was made cer-
tain when it commenced its work of centuries
of triumphant and ferocious territorial aggran
dizement. In his last will the advice of Augustus
against this policy came too late. The blunder
he would restrain had already been committed.
The people of vast untutored provinces were
made Roman citizens, but these foreign-made
citizens only servei-td undermine the power
and glory of the original seat of Roman great-
ness, which diminished in its stamina and
virtue—the main pillars of any State—as rap-
idly as it increased in its bulk of gross material
possessions. Gibbon asserts and abundantly
proves that the Roman people were dissolved
into the common mass and confounded with
millions of inferior provincials. The institu-
tions of Rome were destroyed by the poison
everywhere lurking in and around ill-advised
territorial expansions. Even the exalted type
of ancient Roman virtue and manhood was
unequal to the strain, and the country of the
Scipios and Csesars was finally vanquished,
and vanquished by even the Huns—even as
Egypt was conquered and for centuries ruled
by the Mamalukes, So much for ancient ex-
amples. Let us now come down to a later
period of history, without even glancing at the
rapid decadence of Mohammedan conquests,
and watch the inflexible result.
Spain under Charles II became the proudest
nation of the earth, in consequence of the
extent and importance of its territorial acquisi-
tions, both in the Old World and the new. She
could boast of Castile, Aragon, and Navarre,
of Milan, Naples, Sicily, and Sardinia, of
Cape Verd and the Canaries, of Tunis, of the
Philippines and the Moluccas, of Peru, Chili,
and Mexico, and finally, under Charles Y,
of Cfiba and Hispamola; and it is a part of
this last ill omened island which our excellent
President has so earnestly sought to clutch.
But all of these more or less maguiticent
Spanish appendages contributed only a mo-
mentary splendor to Spain, and then for the
most part they dropped from the parent stem
like overripe fruit, and brought a deeper and
more lasting humiliation upon that haughty
but exhausted country than has been visited
upon any other nation in modern times. The
riches irom the tributes of enslaved peoples,
succeeded by luxury and effeminacy, proved
to be apples that turned to ashes m the mouth.
Take the case of Bonaparte, who would have
made, to borrow the language of one of our
best American thinkers, "the earth for his
pasture and the sea for his pond," and where
are his possessions now? The ode of Byron
fitly answers:
"Ii this the man of thousand thrones.
Who strew'd oure;i,rth with hostile bones?
And cau he thus survive?
Since he, miscaU'd the morning star.
Nor man nor fiend hath fallen so far."
And these words almost as well apply to
Napoleon the last as to the first.
There is, however, still another recent exam-
ple. I mean that of the famous house of Haps-
burg, or the emperor of Austria, who recently,
besides Germans, held under his command llal-
ians, Poles, Croats, Dalmatians, Slovaks. Ro-
mansand Hungarians; butthe battleof Sadowa
left Francis Joseph among the poorest and sad-
dest monarchs of Europe, and from the first
rank, Austria, cut in twain by the astute and
relentless Btsmark, fell to a second-rate posi-
tion among the nations of the earth, henceforth
with ample leisure to reflect upon the hollow-
nessand folly of incongruous annexations under
one dominion of separate, remote, and diverse
peoples.
Are we to shut our eyes to such significant
facts, which stand forth, as light-houses upon
dangerous coasts, in all the pages of history ?
Can any one be under the delusion that human
nature has greatly changed or that the United
States are to have a charmed life and be ex-
empt from all perils however recklessly guided ?
It appears to me that these great historic facts
should have their proper influence—and I ask
no more—in the decision of the question before
us. Shall we not first of all preserve the in-
heritance of our fathers ?
It may be said that England has not en-
dangered its permanence, or its solid founda-
tions, by its extensive colonial system. That
remains yet to be solved. Her mastery has
been maintained at the immense cost of her
present national debt and her present and past
system of taxation, and of such a navy as
makes it not inappropriate for her poets to
boast that "Britannia rules the waves;'' but
it must be borne in mind that no British colony
is represented, or has any control, in the home
government. British statesmen are not em-
barrassed by anysuch foreign admixture. Aus-
tralia, New Zealand, India, and the African
and North American colonies may not forever
submit to imperial control, nor will their sepa-
ration from it be likely to be restrained by
force. At present the British empire in India
stands firmly—bating rather too frequent muti-
nies and revolts—but are there not eruptive
social and political symptoms at home which
at present tax all the resources of the most
consummate British statesmanship? Even
Gladstone's constituents petition him to resign
because he has made them paupers. In the
event of internal commotion, or of a great war,
Great Britain has no colony which could take
her part or that would contribute a penny to
her exchequer or a man to her army. Charles
XII said he taught his enemies how to conquer
him, and it may be found that the British will
have taught the Irish, as well as the Indian
Sepoys, an art which may hereafter plague
even British conquerors. At any rate, it is
apparent, that Russia, Denmark, and Spain, as
well as England, no longer cling to colonies
with their ancient tenacity. They can part
with them without any heart-breaking.
The framers and founders of our Govern-
ment seem to have been diligent students of
history, and the debates in the constitutional
Convention, as well as the papers composing
the Federalist, show that they were keenly
alive to all the facts bearing upon the career
and fate of republican forms of government.
Under the old Confederation a union of Can-
ada and other British provinces with the United
States was openly contemplated and provided
for, but when the Constitution of 1789 was
ordained and established such a union had
become apparently hopeless, and the expatri-
ated Tories having made the provinces their
home, it was theu undesirable, and perhaps
repugnant to the ardent patriotism of the
States. At all events, the peril which tracks
the unlimited extension of territory hi the pro-
gress of nations in all ages of the world was
so obvious and so grave in its character that
no power was anywhere given, under our Con-
stitution, by which such acquisitions were to
be ever authorized, directly or indirectly. In
other words, they were all forever soberly and
silently renounced.
This should be a barrier high enough at
least to make us pause before we attempt to
leap over it. It is not enough that the plain
and palpable force of the Constitution has been
disregarded ; ought it to be again and now ?
The advantages should be overwhelmingly in
favor of any scheme of annexation before it
should be even mooted, and its character
such as would be cordially approved by the
people of all sections and of all parties of our
country. Nothing less can justify any annex-
ation. It should not be a doubtful question
carried by a beggarly and reluctant vote. Can
it be doubted, if ever carried at all, it must
be by hesitating votes and by the leanest of
constitutional numbers, whether by treaty or
the legerdemain of a joint resolution? Can it
be doubted that the annexation of Santo Do-
mingo, with the long, dark train which drags
just in the rear, would have been rejected with
scorn by the wise founders of our Govern-
ment? Certainly it has no element of charac-
ter and no advantage of position which can
contribute to the safety or glory of our peer-
less Republic. All history shows that we ought
to beware of what could not be other than a
hot-bed for the germination of national dis-
cord, national extravagance, and national
effeminacy.
It will not be pretended that there has been
any enlightened public judgment in favor of
the annexation of Santo Domingo. There has
