1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
295
4 2d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr, Stevenson.
Ho. op Reps.
feet under ground. I found also another notice stuck
< up at The public well in Walhalla. And on the even-
'ing of the same day X received a written notice,
dated November 7, but received by me on the even-
ing of the 1st.
Question. What, in your opinion, was the objectof
tho notice?
Answer. It was to get m© out at night, so that they
could assassinate me.
0". P. Com cr. farmer:
Qiw-yiion. How long have you resided in Pickens
county?
Answer. Twenty-three years.
Question, Were you in Pickens county previous
to and during the election for President and Vice
President, held on the 3d November, 1868?
Answer. X was.
Question. Were there any moans used by organized',
parties to intimidate Republicans and keep them
irom voting at the election for member of Congress,
at the election held on tho 3d November, 1868 ? If
so, state what they were.
Answer. There was; armed bands rode about
through the county at night for some time previous
to the election ; it was done every night for over a
week.
Question. Could Republicans vote without molest-
ation or annoyance at that precinct, on the day of
election, for member of Congress, President, and
Vice President?
Answer. No.theycouldnot; outside parties opened
the tickets und took down the names of all persons
who voted the Republican ticket; these parties were
appointed by Democratic clubs, who also gave cer-
tificates to all who voted the Democratic ticket, so
that they might get employment or rent land.
The Ku Klux are hostile to preachers, the
natural leaders of a religious people.
Sancho Sanders:
Question. State your name, residence, and occu-
pation.
Answer. Sancho Sanders; Chester county; minis-
ter of the gospel of the Baptist church.
Question. W ere any threats made against yourself?
Anstoer. Yes, sir; they threatened to shoot me.
Question. For what reason did they threaten to
shoot you?
(Objected to.)
Answer. Because I had influeiaced the people to
vote the Republican tickct.
Question. Did parties of men ride over the county
threatening violence to citizens?
Answer. A party calling themselves KuKlux went
through my neighborhood, threatening to kill them
that would not agree to vote the Democratic ticket,
but they did not do it.
Wilson Cook:
Question. How long have you resided in Green-
ville county? *
Answer. For thirty-odd years; ^
Question. Were you in Greenville county during
the months of October and November, 1868?
Answer. I was.
Question, Was there any political excitement in
Greenville county during that time ?
Answer. There was.
Question. Were any measures resorted to to intim-
idate voters; andifso,by whom, and against whom?
(Objected to; leading.)
Answer-. There were, by the Democratic party to
the Republicans.
Question. What were those measures?
Answer. Throats that if they voted the Repub-
lican ticket they would be turned away fro-m the
homes which they octupied as employes. Also, on
the night before the election. Rev. Mr. Lenderman's
house was attacked and tired i to, about eight miles
below thecourt-housc. Mr.Lenderman was a Camp-
belhte preacher; was known as a man of high repu-
tation by white and colored all over the county ; he
was known beforo the war, during and since the war,
as a strong Union man, but uot believing in ex-
tremes either way. Iam satisfied that there were
from four to live hundred eolored voters that would
have voted the Republican ticket, if they had been
allowed to vote at all, that did not vote.
GEORGIA.
General Howard's report, 1868:
" Numerous outrages have been perpetrated upon
freed people in this State, some of them remarka ble
for atrocity. * Louisville, Jefferson county, in No-
vember, a mob arrested a colored man and, binding
him to a stake, piled fagots about him and actually
burned him alive.' In other instances, freedmen
have been tied up and whipped and their houses
and property burned. In the majority of cases the
civil authorities have failed to punish the criminals."
General Howard's report, 1869 :
"In many parts ofthe'State there is practically no
government. The worst of crimes are committed,
and no attempt is made to punish those who commit
them. Murders have been and are frequent; the
abuse in various ways of the blacks is too common to
excite notice. There can be no doubt of the exist-
ence of numerous insurrectionary organizations
known as 4Ku Klux Klans/ who. shielded by their
disguise, by the secrecy of their movements, and by
the terror which they inspire, perpetrate crime with
impunity. There is great reason to believe that in
gome cases local magistrates are in sympathy with
the members of these organizations. In many places
they are overawed by them and dare not attempt to
punish them. To punish such offenders by civil
proceedings would be a difficult task, even were
magistrates in alL cases disposed and had they the
couragc to do their duty, for tho same influences
which govern them equally affect juries and wit-
nesses. A conversation which I had with a wealthy
planter, a gentleman of intelligence and education,
and a political opponent ot the present national
Administration, will illustrate this difficulty. While
deploring the lamentable condition of aff.iirs in the
county in which he lives, he frankly admitted to me
that, were the most worthless vagabonds in the
county to be charged with a crime against the per-
son of a Republican or a negro, neither he nor any
other person of property within the county would
dare to refuse to give bail for the offender, nor would
they dare to testify against him, whatever might be
their knowledge of his guilt."
We haveseveralvolumesoftestimony, show-
ing the presence and proceedings of the Klan
in Georgia, by which they carried the congres-
sional and presidential election, compelling
twenty thousand electors to remain absent
from the polls or vote the Democratic ticket.
Whole counties having a Republican majority
failed to cast a single vote for Grant, and in
others the Republican vote was reduced to a
small fraction of what it had been.
FLORIDA.
Even this flowery peninsula, pointing like
the finger of destiny to the islands of the Gulf,
is not free from Ku Klux. The protection of
the national Army has been required, and may
be again. The freedmen are more independ-
ent than elsewhere, as under the management
of General Howard many of them have home-
steads. But the same elements of discord are
there as in all other States, and will produce
like effects.
ALABAMA.
General Howard, in his report for 1868,
says :
"Cases of violent outrage upon freed people have
not been very frequently reported, though the organ-
ization known as the 'Ku Klux Klan' have abused
eolored men in some sections of the State/'
And General Terry, in his report for 1869,
says:
"From southern Alabama I learn of but little
trouble. The middle and northern partsof the State,
however, are in a very disturbed condition. In
many localities life and property are very insecure.
Crimes are frequent, and the civil authorities are
utterly powerless to prevent or punish them, or are
careless of their duties, as will be seen from the list of
detachments which I have given above. Military
aid has been given for the preservation of the peace
in these parts of the State in many instances; in no
case has an application for it been refused. It is
believed that uniformly the presence of troops in
the disturbed sections has been attended with happy
results."
She is considered one of the best recon-
structed States. The work was done under
General Wager Swayne, of Ohio, a man worthy
of his distinguished father. We had hoped for
quiet here. But murders are committed with
impunity, even upon United States officers. It
was in Alabama that the Ku Klux killed a
route agent in his mail car, and the Governor,
while he boasts of the condition of the State,
acknowledges that the Ku Klux Klan has been
organized there. Lacking employment at
home, they overrun Mississippi—;—
Mr. BUCKLEY. There are eight thousand
in our State.
Mr. STEVENSON. And that may prove
but a beginning, unless we make an end of it.
MISSISSIPPI.
The continued presence of national^ troops
kept the Ku Klux Klau in abeyance in Mis-
sissippi. The Secretary of War, in his annual
report for 1861), said of that State :
"The employment of troops beyond the ordinary
routine of duty has been confined to expeditions for
the purpose of arresting lawless characters guilty
of murder or other serious offenses. Supported by
public opinion, a few men, in defiance of the law.
commit murders and outrages, and civil officers are
unequal to tho task of bringing them to justice.
Guarded and piotecfed by their neighbors, then-
arrest become? vfu-y difficult, and the. assistaucc of
troops is demanded. The parties injured or their
triends rarely undertake to aid tho civil ox military
authorities, and, if so, hesitatingly and secretly.
And since the military has been withdrawn
the ferment has begun. The Governor lately
boasted of the condition of the State ; but he
has been compelled to ask ihe Legislature for
extraordinary powers to raise a regiment of
cavalry, of picked men, to pursue and arrest
the masked assassins, the cost of force and
rewards for the apprehension of Ku Klux to
be paid by the county in which tfie outrage
occurs. This is one of the most radical propo-
sitions. It is like one for which that Radical
of Radicals [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,]
has been cursed by Democrats. It remains
to be seen whether Governor Alcorn will meet
the fate of Governor Stevenson, whose rec-
ommendations were despised, or that of Gov-
ernor Holden, whose vigorous action has been
avenged by impeachment.
ARKANSAS.
General Howard said in 1868;
"The administration of justice by the civil author-
ities has boen far from effective. Lawless violence
and ruffianism have prevailed to an alarming extent.
Three churches belonging to freedmen in Washita
county wcrebumed by parties unknown on the night
of April 4,1868. Th-> assistant commissioner attrib-
utes this wanton act to the bitter feelings aroused by
the part the freedmen had taken in the then recent
election, and states that similar deeds arc not uncom-
mon. 'TheKu Klux Klan serve their mysterious
notices and make thur midnight rounds in different
parts of tho State. Every precaution has been taken
with the forces at hand. Troops were stationed at
twenty-four different points in the State; but even
this distribution has failed to check the evil. The
civil law in this State, so far as the punishment of
crime is concerned, exists only in name/
"On the night of May 16 a freedmen's church and
school-house (not erected by Government aid) in
Mississippi county was burned by incendiaries."
The military arm has been vigorously used
by the State authorities and there has been
marked improvement, yet the elements of dis-
order are sot conquered. They only await a
favorable opportunity, and the loyal people
may need national protection.
louisiana.
It was in New Orleams that opposition to
reconstruction broke out in the massacre of
the constitutional convention, and Louisiana
has been one of the bloodiest of the recon-
structed States. In 1868 General Howard
said;
"The condition of society in the more remote and
sparsely settled parishes is greatly disorganized. In
some sections the treatment of the colored people
has been deplorable. Outrage and crimes ot every de-
scription hav& been perpetrated upon them with im-
punity. In these sections the character of the lecsl
magistracy is not as high as could be desired, and
many ot them have connived atthe escape of offend-
ers, while some have even participated in tho out-
rages. In other sections lawless ruffians have over-
awed the civil authorities, 'vigilance committees'
and 'Ku Klux Klans,' disguised, by night, have
burned thcdwellings and shed the blood of unoffend-
ing freedmen. In many cases of brutal murder
brought before the civil authorities verdicts ofjusti-
liablehomicidein self-defense have been rendered."
After this was written the most horrible
riots occurred.
This House sent a committee to Louisiana
in 1869, of which I had the honor to be chair-
man. H6re is the testimony in two volumes,
fifteen hundred pages. It exhibits a condi-
tion of society without parallel out of Paris.
The Ku Klux were organized under the name
of u The Knights of the White'Camelia." The
testimony contains long Hats of murders and
other outrages ascertained, but it was impos-
sible to prove all, and much that is known was
discovered accidentally, as when a. witness
passing through the forest on the Teche saw
a cloud of buzzards above him, and came upon
u half-eovered pile of dead, their limbs protrud-
ing on every side so that he counted over
twenty corpses, part of the victims of the St.
Landry massacres, in which it is estimated that
over two hundred negroes—one tenth of the
Republican poll of the parish—were slain in
a campaign of two days conducted under reg-
ular orders from the commander of "The
Knights of the White Camelia," the Louisiana
Ku Klux.
