584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
been all that in favor of President Grant; and
his well-earned popularity, in spite of his Do-
minicanism, constitutes the entire strength, the
back-hone of the measure. Unindorsed by him,
may I not venture to say it would not have had
or have a corporal's guard of supporters? To
me, as well as to some others, it would have
given peculiar pleasure to have been able to
support the measure because of the countenance
lent to it by the present Administration, of
whose integrity of purposel have nota shadow
of doubt; but it was and is a question in its
scope beyond the life of any party and far
above all parties, and my responsibility began
at the point where that of the Executive most
properly leaves off; and if I could not inde-
pendently and conscientiously acquit myself
of my whole duty on a question which so pro-
foundly concerns the destiny of our country,
and, which once decided in the affirmative, is
irrevocable, I should hold myself unworthy of
my place. My age, if not my experience,
warns me to endeavor to be earnestly for the
right. The question and the measure of re-
sponsibility for its decision invoke the largest
patriotism.
Individuals occupy but a brief space in the
march of time, and a generation blots them
out, perhaps forever, but nations have a con-
tinuity lasting for ages and a character to be
transmitted to the immortal pages of future
history. The past of our country is secure, and
I would not jeopardize the future by the empty
mockery of an exchange of moral grandeur for
apparent or even for real material greatness.
If f can divine the secrets of my own heart—
and what [ claim for myselt I cordially concede
to others—there is no passion, no sentiment
lurking there which doesnotbow to a profound
desire that our country should stand foremost
among the_ nations of the earth, foremost in
free and liberal institutions, foremost in its
moral fiber and intellectual reach, foremost in
literaluie, arts, and laws, and foremost in all
the glories which crown the most elevated civ-
ilization and the most liberal, and, I hope I
may add, stable form of human government.
But, regarding the annexation of Dominica
in all its aspects, present and future, foreign
and domestic, as boding no good to our coun-
try, as a policy withering to its highest and
noblest aspirations, and as at war with the
" Unity and married calm of States,"
which all of us should most diligently seek, I
shall vote against any measure even squint-
ing at such an annexation, should such ever
again come up, with a solemn and abiding
conviction that I shall never have an oppor-
tunity of tendering to my country a higher
service.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN DISORDERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the resolution re-
ported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, on which the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SlJiVVABF. I do not care aboufcoccu-
pyitig the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If not, the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] on the right of
the Chair is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution which is
now before the Senate was brought up by dis-
placing the concurrent resolution upon which
we had been engaged for several days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr._ ANTHONY. I think that the only
objection which our friends on the other side
of Hie Chamber had to the concurrent reso-
lution was to the amendment which I offered
that the committee should be authorized to
report from time to time during the recess of
Congress the results of their investigations. I
think it is rather desirable that that provision
should be put upon the resolution, but if Sen-
ators upon our side of the Chamber do not
object, and it it will facilitate business to pass
the resolution immediately, I am ready to with-
draw that amendment. I understood the Sen-
ators on the other side to say they would agree
to the resolution without that amendment.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I said, and we all said,
that we would agree to the resolution, for we
all voted for it, I believe, but one, when it
passed the Senate, not, however, having ob-
served that that particular clause was in it.
When it came back from the House with that
clause stricken out, and the Senator moved it
again, I made some observations against the
amendment. I was willing to take the amend-
dment to the resolution as it came from the
House, but that was before the Senate had
positively instructed the Committee on the
Judiciary to report a bill forthwith and before
the House had passed a bill. Now the case
is wholly different. The House has passed a
bill—I will not go into its discussion now—
and it has been referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and that committee has been instructed
to report. We all understand that there is to
be legislation on this subject at this session.
That being the case, I see no necessity for this
committee at all, and I shall not vote for the
resolution in any shape.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not expect that the
Senator would vote for it; but I supposed he
would let us vote on it without debate. If we
are to have a fight, we may as well have it on
the amendment as on the resolution.
Mr. THU-RMAN. I do not want to debate it.
Mr. STEWART. If there is to be no debate,
let the pending resolution belaid aside inform-
ally.
Mr. THURMAN. It is understood that the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
is withdrawn.
Mr. ANTHONY. _I withdraw it if there be
no objection to its being withdrawn, and I hear
of none; and then we can go on and act on
the resolution without debate. If, however,
we are going to have debate, I shall not with-
draw the amendment, because we may as well
debate the amendment as debate the resolu-
tion.
Mr.THURMAN. My impression is that if
the amendment be withdrawn, there will be no
debate on the resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Then let us take the ques-
tion.
-I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the concurrent resolution is
now before the Senate subject to a demand for
the regular order. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island being withdrawn, the
Secretary will report the resolution and the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the concurrent resolution of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution of the
Senate is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate of the Unite)} Slates, (the House
of Representatives concurring.) 1'liat a joint com-
mittee consisting of seven Senators and nine Repre-
sentatives be appointed, whole duty it shall be to
inquire into tbe condition of the late insurrectionary
states so far as regards the execution of the laws
and the safety of the lives and property of citizens
of the united States, with leave to report at any
time the result of their investigation to the two
Houses of Congress with such recommendations as
they may deem expedient; that said committee be
amhouzed to empioy clerks and stenographers, to
sit during the recess, to send for persons and papers,
to take testimony, and to vioit at their discretion
through sub-committees, any portion of the said
States during the recess of Congress, and to print
and make public from time to time during therecess
the results of their investigations; and the expenses
of said committee shall bepaid outof the contingent
funds of the two Houses of Congress.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives is to strike out all after the resolving
clause and insert the following in lieu thereof;
That a joint committee consisting of seven Senators
and fourteen Representatives be appointed, whose
duty ltshuii be to inquire into the condition of the
late insurrectionary States so far as regards the exe-
cution 01 the laws and the safety of the lives and
property of the citizens of the United States, with
leave to report at any time during the next or a-ny
subsequent session of Congress the result of their
investigation to either or both Houses ot Congress,
with such recommendation as they may deem expe-
£ j 8*a committee be authorized to employ
clerks and stenographers, to Bit during the recess,
and to send for persons and papers, to admin'Stc?
oaths and take testimony, and to visit at their dis-
cretion, through sub-couimittecs, any portions of
said States during the recess of Congress? and pll
expenses of said committee shall bo jmul out of
the contingent fund ot the Senate, upon vouchers
approved by the chairman of said committee.
_ Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise, Mr. President,
simply to state that I concur in the view of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurmax ] I would
vote for an investigation into the alleged out-
rages in the southern States if I believpd thereby
any good would result to the country or any
information be placed in the possession of the
Senate which would enable the Senate to apply
a proper remedy; but 1 do not perceive that
any good result can arise from it. It must
necessarily involve considerable expense to be
defrayed out of the public Treasury. There-
fore, and believing that it is intended for polit-
ical purposes only, I cannot vote for a measure
which I believe will abstract money from the
public Treasury without accomplishing auy
good purpose whatever. I shall therefore vote
against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the House amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply desire to direct the
attention of the Senate to the last clause of
the House amendment, so that no difficulty
may arise in carrying out the purposes of it if
the committee be appointed. As the reso*
lution was first passed it provided that the
expenses of the committee were to be paid out
of the contingent funds of the House and Sen-
ate. The House struck out that provision and
inserted one that the expenses should be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate alone,
to avoid what was impracticable, I suppose,
the drawing for expenses upon two funds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all right.
Mr. SC01'T. When the resolution came
back, and while it was pending here, an amend-
ment was offered to the deficiency appropria-
tion bill providing for the expenses of this
committee a specific appropriation of goO.OOO
and the unexpended balance of the appropri-
ation heretofore at the service of the select
committee of the Senate. So that no difficulty
might arise about it, I made an inquiry of the
chairman of the present sub committee on that
bill in the House, who informs me that they
haverecommended concurrence in that amend-
ment to the appropriation bill; so that 1 sup-
pose there will be no difficulty in its being
agreed upon.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact, that there may not seem to be two
provisions for the payment of these expenses.
This provision now is that they shall be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate, a
fund totally inadequate to pay these expenses.
As I am informed by the financial clerk, there
is not more of the contingent fund remaining
than will pay the officers during the recess!
I do not wish such an awkward state of affairs
to arise as that there should appear to be two
appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania that the correct course is
to adopt this lesolution as it stands and as it
ought to be, because the two Houses ought to
control these contingent expenses, and it takes
much less red tape to do it in this way than it
does to have a, regular appropriation in form
iike that now in the amendment to the appro-
priation bill pending in the other House,
therefore the appropriate course, 1 think, is to
have the amendment in the House bill itself
amended to increase the contingent fund of the
Senate to a sufficient extent to have these
expenses paid out of it. because, as a matter of
practice, with some experience in such investi-
gations and m regard to the fund, I find it is
much more convenient to this body and to the
accounts to pay the expenses of this body out of
the funds which are devoted to its contingent
