296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong.... 1st
This riot grew out of an assault upon Emer-
son Bentley, an Ohio boy, from Columbiana
couuty, who was teaching school in Opelousas
and editing a Republican paper. He was at-
tacked in his school room among the children,
revolvers were leveled on him while he was
brutally beaten and warned away. The Ku
Klux, apprehending resistance by the negroes,
dispatch#! couriers to all parts of the parish
and gathered their klans, who rallied to Ope-
lousas in arms, killing as they came.
The only attempt at self-defense by the ne-
groes was feeble and timid, and resulted in the
wounding of one white man, the killing of a
numberofnegroes, and the capture of thirteen.
These were lodged by their captors iu the par-
ish jail to await judgment by the council of the
Ku Klnx Klan; and at night, between the
two days of massacre, these thirteen captives
were tuken from the jail and shot AU white
Republican leaders who survived were driven
from the parish, and a number of German
Republicans kept away from the polls; and
two thousand colored Republicans were taken
as captives of war, marked with badges of red
flannel on their arms, enrolled in Democratic
clubs with white rebel officers, led to the bal-
lot-box, and compelled to vote for their ene-
mies, the murderers of their brethren, and then
furnished with "protection papers" certifying
the fact that they had voted the " Democratic
ticket." In this parish, where before the riot
the Republicans had a majority of registered
voters, not one ballot was cast for Grant or any
Republican candidate. So deep and lasting
was the impression made by this massacre
that a year afterward it was requisite to keep
national troops at Opelousas.
On the Red river, above Shreveport, an
Arkansas Democrat, passing an old man's
house, inquired if there were any Radicals
there. A lad answered "Yes, there's one,"
pointing to an old man sitting by the door ; when
the white man raised his rifle and shot the old
negro dead. Thereupon the colored people pur-
sued the assassiu, took him, and were holding
him fordelivery tojustice,when the whites gath-
ered in overwhelming force and the slaughter
began. No white men were injured, but the
numbvr of negroes killed can never be known.
They fled in every direction and were hunted
as beasts of the chase through wood and swamp
by bands of armed men who could not tell, if
they would, how many they slew. We only
know that scores were killed and many
wounded, many missing who have never been
heard from. Long alter the riot was over
bodies were found floating in the river ; in
one instance, several tied together by ropes run
through their pierced hands; and, again, a dead
woman with a dead child.
In the parish of St. Mary, where the officers
were Republicans, the Ku Klux assassinated
the sheriff and the judge, who were Repub-
licans, and having thus terrorized the parish,
they quelled all opposition. No living man
except the perpetrators saw the deed. A wit-
ness says:
"The assassination took place on a Saturday night
or a Sunday morning. I went up to Franklin, the
jiarisli seat, and when I got there i found that tho
body ot J udgo Chaste ffas laid out in tho court-house.
It lay there with a blanket thrown over it. It seems
that lie bad been shot in tho forehead. It is said
that thero was a around in tho back, whero he was
apparently stabbed. Tho body was found near tho
bayou, beiow the hotel,lyingontkeground, and was
taken from there about three or lour o'clock in the
morning. ^ Some persons said that about the time of
lue assassination they heard shots fired, and there
seemed to have been a good many shots fired close
togeUer. The expression was that they sounded like
a ouneh of fire-crackers going off together. That
was almost eight o'clock in the evening. Judge
v haso had the reputation of being a prominent Re-
publican leader. Colonel Pope was killed tho samo
night. lie had been elected sheriff of the parish
of .">i. Mary by the Republicans. I saw his body.
.He was killed about the same time and about the
same place, only that he was killed in his room, while
J udge On ago is supposed to have ran and to have
fallen when he got near the bayou."
This double murder was caused in part by
violent articles published in the Democratic
organ of the parish, the Planters' Banner.
Daniel Dennett, the editor, author of those
publications, a native of northern New Eng-
land, went South before the war as a peddler,
became a teacher, married a lady with prop-
erty in lands and slaves, became a planter and
an editor, and when the war came, and ever
since, proved his fealty to the South by abuse
of northern men.
The day before the assassination the follow-
ing article appeared in his paper:
"The recent disasters of the Radicals in St. Lan-
dry, and the dwindling of Loyal League clubs in the
parish, have had a terrible effect on that little rat.
Pope. lie looks on the streetsas though he had been
chawed up by a terrier. Ho has a complication of
diseases — hie liver don't act, ho has tho colic,
the toothache, and the yellow jaundice, and don't
feel very well himself. If ho dies, the shell of an
English walnut would make a good sarcophagus in
which to convey his precious remains to his northern
friends; or, if he is to be buried on southern soil,
as he has no ' forty acres' of his own in which to be
buried, he should bo put in a pair of oyster shells,
and buriod at low-water mark, where tho tide ebbs
and flows twioe in twenty-four hours."
In the next issue, after the assassination, the
following appeared:
Extracts from. Planters' Banner of October 21,1868.
" Wert then Ku Kluxes.—Some of our citizens be-
lieve, and not without very good cause, that, aclub of
Ku Kluxes has latelybeen established in this parish,
or tho parish of St. Martin, and that the terrible event
of last Saturday night was their first blow struck in
this section of the State." ^ * * * -1-
" Assassinated.—LastSaturday at night, about half
past eight o'clock, llenry Pope, Radical Bheriff of
this parish, and Valentine Chase, Radical parish
judgo, were assassinated at O'Neil's hotel by parties
unknown.
"We wore in Smith's store, cornor of Odd Fellow's
Hall, when the first reports of the pistols were heard.
Walking rapidly toward the hotel wo halted in front
of Healy's coffee-house whon the last shots were fired,
ten or fifteen in all. Twelve or fourteen persons had
rushed out of the coffee-house at tho first alarm and
were listening to the firing.
"As soon as the firing was ovor there wasasoiemn
pauso in the crowd and around tho hotel. Inquiries
ran rapidly from man to man in regard to tho cause
of the shooting, and who was shot, and all present
appoared to bo profoundly ignorant of the nature
of tho difficulty, and so many shots wero fired that
the idoa suggosted itielf that it was a serious fight
between partiosat the hotel. Several parties cau-
tiously proceeded to O'Neil's front gallery to inquire
about the cause and results of the firing, but could*
learn nothing there, as all in the house were at-
tracted toward the rear, where the firing occurred,
and thoso who went to inquire returned to Healy's.
not knowing but that it might be a fight instead
of an assassination, and that tho troublo might not
yet be over. In fact, so many shou were fired that
it justified the belief that it was a fight.
" In a short time, however, the news came that Mr.
Pope, the Radical sheriff, was shot and killed, and
that the assassins, being thoroughly disguised, had
made their escape. Assoon as the firing commenced
all in the hotel fled to their rooms tor satety and to go
out of the way of danger, whioh gave the assassins
ample leisure for escape. Mrs. Pope had just stepped
to Mrs.O'Neil's room as the firing commenced. Mr.
O'Neil was in the room at tho timo'attending to his
wife, who was sick. Upon the first, report of the
pistols on tho gallery, noar by, Mr. O'Neil closed bis
roo'n door to protect his wife and children and Mrs,
Pops from harm, not knowing the causo of the
firing.
"Mr. Pope was on the gallery when the firing com-
menced, and quickly retreated to his room, where
the shooting stopped, and whero he expired.
" We saw nothing of tho assassins except one, who
passed by the crowd m front of Healy's with a six-
shooter in his hand, so thoroughly disguised that no
person could possibly recognize him. He was about
of medium height and size. It is reported that those
engaged in the homicide mounted horses near the
court-house and galloped down the road.
' A Loyal League club was holding its weekiy meet-
ing at the negro churoh at the time the shooting was
heard, but the members quickly retired to their
homes when they heard tho melancholy news of the
tragedy.
"A strong police was immediately organized, and
the town and vicinity were amply protected against
disorder during the night.
"After midnight the patrol stumbled over what
appeared to be a dead man, between the hotel and
the bayou. A physician was cjlled, and it proved to
be the body ot V.ilentme Chase, Itadical parish judge,
and upon examination life was found to be extinct,.
A guard was put over the body till morning, when a
coroner's inquest was held over the two bodies, but
no traces could be discovered in regard to the per-
petrators of the two assassinations.
"Thero is some speculation in the community in
regard to who committed the homicides, but it thus
far has been idlo speculation. They have guessed
that it was strangers from New Orleans and from
other places, and some negroes have stated that they
could put their finger upon the men who did it; but
upon investigation they find tuese statements to be
utte-ly false and unfounded.
" 1Ye have no idea of the real perpetrators of the
orime, but from appoarauces wo couclude that it
must have been so well planned and so completely
executed as to defy investigation."
This event so terrified the Republicans of
St. Mary that they feared to have the funeral
in that parish, and took the bodies to New
Orleans. And there, as the hearse and pro-
cession passed along the streets, the rabble
taunted audjeered, saying, " Therego two more
carpet-baggers."
The Governor appointed a new sheriff for
the parish, and he was greeted by the follow-
ing notice from the Planters' Banner, Novem-
ber 14, 1868:
" Another Wolf.—After wo had written our peace
articles this week, congratulating the people of St.
Mary on the prospects of peace and quiet in all our
borders, another wolf made his appearance in our
fold. A Mr. Mentz, of Indiana, appointed the suc-
cessor of Colonel Pope, as sheriff of the parish,
insists on acting as sheriff in spite of tho protests
of the people; so it looks us if there is more trouble
ahead. If Mr. Mentz thrusts himself upon a peo-
ple who havo given him proofs that neither the
white people nor the negroes want him here, we
shall through the columns of tho Banner exposo his
miserable, rickety character.
" We we'0 posted by respectable men in New
Orleans in regard to the character ho bears where
he is best known."
Finding that he could protect no person, but
was himself in hourly peril of assassination,
he left the parish.
The spirit of Daniel Dennett is exhibited in
the article which he wrote and published in the
Planters' Banner of August 15, 1868:
" Thad. Stevens is dead.—The prayers of the right-
eous havo at last removed tho congressional curse 1
May old Ukownlow,Bdtlkh, and all such political
monsters soon follow the example of their illustrious
predecessor I May his new iron-works wean him
from earth, and the fires of his new furnace never
go out! The devil will get on a big 'bender' now.
With Thad. Stevens in his cabinet and Butler in
Washington,hecan manage things in both kingdoms
to his liking. Lucky devil!"
Mr. Speaker, this example shows how far a
northern man must go when he panders to the
South. It should be a warning to statesmen
entering that downward way which has led to
destruction so many brilliant, ambitious men.
The entrance is tinder agraceful arch of honor,
festooned with flowers of fla tery and labeled
in gilded letters "Conciliation." He who
passes within must leave his better judgment
and conscience behind and is seldom seen
again among patriots.
Yet Daniel Denuett hath his reward; his
paper is indorsed by the leading men of his
parish, and is one of the most influential jour-
nals in Louisiana. To such sheets, more than
to any other single cause, the condition of the
South isdue; and upon the heads of such editors
is the blood of thousands of innocent men.
Another riot occurred in the parish of St.
Bernard, below New Orleans, in which the
worst characters of that city participated. And
in the city of New Orleans several bloody
scenes were enacted, in which defenseless col-
ored men were murdered. Masses of Demo-
crats, "Knights of the White Camelia," firing
rifles and revolvers into processions of Repub-
licans; gangs of assassins hunting and chasing
negroes through the public streets by day and
night, and shooting them on sight, so that in
many quarters for days together it was death
for a man of color to appear.
General Edward Hatch says:
Question. IIow would the list of wounded compare
with the killed ?
Answer. I think the wounded would bear a very
small proportion to the killed. I will give you an
instance: in front of my boarding-house, corner of
St. Andrew's and Coliseum streets, I saw some men
kill a negro; they wounded him two or three times,
and finally finished him. It was done in the pres-
ence of ladies. There were no arrests made, and
nothing done in the matter. It is very seldom a
negro is simply wounded. If he is hit at all he is
