53$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
reside, which was overwhelmingly slave, which
is in -the old slave belt of middle Georgia,
where the black population greatly prepon-
derates. At this day around me, as can be
testified by forty-eight gentlemen from north-
ern States, those men live there in great quiet
and great security; they travel by day and by
night wherever they please, with their wives,
their daughters, and their friends; not one of
them has ever received an insult or an affront
of any sort o- felt any more insecurity than
he did in nis termer home in the North, where
ever that might have been.
Not three days ago a clergyman of good re-
pute, known to some of the Senators in this
body, resident in the county of Morgan, (in
which I also live,) told me that he was amazed
to hear so bad an account of Georgia as he
met occasionally in his travels. I asked him
why he did not take the pains to correct it, as
he knew a good deal about it. He is a Presby-
terian minister, a.nd has churches. He said he
did so as extensively as he could.
Now, one very great objection I have to
involving all communities alike in a general
charge is this: there is some degree of selfish-
ness in it; there is a little of State pride and
some pecuniary considerations involved. We
thought at the close of the war, when north-
ern men began to go down from the Northwest
and the middle States to Georgia to buy cot-
ton plantations and settle among us, and to
build up manufacturing establishments of one
sort or other, that we were about to return
to comparative prosperity. All hailed the
presence of these gentlemen with joy. They
were made welcome in every farm-house.
Men vied with each other in showing them
attention. It may be said that they had
interested motives ; that they wanted to sell
them land or mill sites, or something of that
sort. Let that all be true; nevertheless the
attentions were shown. A good many of them
bought, and they would advise others to-day to
do as they did. They have gone there and
settled, and have been wealthy and prosper-
ous. I want to see more go. I know it is a
good peace element. Those that I speak of
are most excellent citizens. They disturb
nobody; they are very valuable acquisitions ;
and 1 would dislike exceedingly for it to go
abroad that there was generally in the State
of Georgia a state of lawlessness that should
deter any one from going there.
Such, I take occasion to assure the Senate
and the country, is not the case. It is a cruel
imputation upon the people of Georgia gen-
erally. If it should turn out, in four or five or
six counties in the State—and if I chose I
think I might specify what particular counties
have been more distinguished than others for
lawless outbreaks—that they do exist in those
places, I have no particular objection, if the
immigrants please, that they should shun the
particular localities where these things have
occurred ; but I ask you not to visit upon nine-
teen twentieths of the State the wrongs that
may be done to individuals in the other twen-
tieth part.
I had supposed that, having one common
origin, the people of the southern JStates were
very much the same people. Beginning with
Maryland, Virginia, &c., they have descended
from the same parentstock, have very much the
same modes of thought, and the same stand-
ard of morals in a great degree ; but it seems
from revelations made here that in a few coun-
ties of North Carolina they have transcended
perhaps any other portion of the southern
States in their disregard of law and private
rights.
What I have- said on this occasion I have
said in vindication of the people of Georgia.
I do not say it in any spirit of clannishness.
1 never did say such things on that account.
I do not say it because I want it to be believed
that the people of Georgia are better than they
really are. They are not so good as 1 would
have them. I wish they were better than they
are. I wish they were universally good. * But
I believe I do them no more than simple jus-
tice when I say of them as a mass that they
are as good as any other people under the
sun. Thatis myjudgmentof them. I believe
that they are as just, as charitable, and that
they possess in as eminent a degree all the
cardinal virtues that distinguish good people
everywhere as any other people on the globe.
This is no idle eulogy ; and I say further, that
when this commission shall go down to Geor-
gia to examine into the condition of society
there, if they will take the pains, they will as-
certain one fact: that Georgia has within the
last three years built more miles of railway than
she ever did in any previous three years of her
existence ; that she has put up more factories
in the last three years than she has in any other
previous three years ; that she has made more
pounds of cotton within the last twelve months
than she ever did in any previous year; that
the receipts upon her railways are greater than
they ever were before. When I call attention
to the fact, we had better look to it as a lesson
in political economy. If it illustrates one thing
more than another, it must mean that the agri-
cultural and mechanical industry of the State
of Georgia has not been seriously disturbed by
anything that has occurred among its people.
The laborer has gone to the field to plow or to
gather his crops, and the mechanic to his work-
shop or to the factory, without fear of molest-
ation, or these things, in the general, would
not be as I state them. There is no escape
from the logic of these facts. Where crime has
occurred it has occurred to so small an extent
that it has not materially interfered with the
industrial progress of the State.
I think there is some importance to be at-
tached to statements of this sort. I am very
glad to be able to say this of that people. I
hope when I shall join the Senate again, if it
is my good fortune to do so, at the next ses-
sion, to have it in my power to say to the
Senate that there is even a higher degree of
advancement and improvement in Georgia
than is exhibited to-day. I think it likely
that there will be. I think it highly probable
that events here have aroused a degree of
anxiety in the minds of the people of the
State, as well as the people of other southern
States, in regard to the greater necessity of
vigilance in ferreting out perpetrators of crime.
But, sir, I am not prepared to censure the
people of Georgia, or of any other southern
State, because they have not been able to
detect those who, under the cover of night,
and masked at that, go about the country doing
individuals wrong. Why, sir, people who work
c^not sit up all night to watch their neighbors
ana see that nobody comes to intrude upon
them. The idea that a man of substance who
attends to his business and interferes with no
one shall be accountable in his property to
answer in damages to some unfortunate who
may be preyed upon by one of these lawless
gangs does not strike my mind as being ex-
actly proper. I should not like to be security
for the integrity and honesty of the people
around me in the town in which I live, although
they are, in the main, good people. They
have a very good police, and yet some crimes
occur there. Sometimes theft and burglary
and crimes of that character occur, and we do
not succeed in preventing them entirely. We
are very prompt to punish where we can find
out the guilty parties, whether they are white
or black; but the difficulty is in detecting
them. \Ve do not even detect the perpetrat-
ors of these crimes. I do not know whether
they go masked or not. The difficulty is that
there is nobody present when the crimes are
committed; and if the poor victims of great
cruelties are unable to identify their perse-
cutors. pray how shall somebody at a distance
be enabled to detect them?
That is the great difficulty in my mind. I
do not know how that is to be done ; and
with my own quiet habits of life I do not feel
like being called on to respond in damages fos
the lawless acts of some unknown person
or persons who may come into the county in
which I live and do somebody some injury, steal
his horse, destroy any portion of his property,
burn his house, or commit some other wrong,
or inflict upon him bodily injury. I do not
like the thought of it. That is a crude idea,
I know, that belonged to the English people
at a time when perhaps it was very necessary
there ; and I think it works better in new
communities, perhaps, than in old settlements.
I could instance, if it were at all proper, a
case where parties residing out of the county
of Morgan, not one of whom ever lived in it,
some of them living outside of the State of
Georgia, pursued a man charged with the
murder of a kinsman into that county, who
took refuge in a negro's cabin, and the negro
was compelled, at the peril of his own life, to
disclose where the fugitive was, and he was
delivered over to the men who were in pursuit,
and there, by them, shot to death. Not one
of those parties ever lived in that county,
They disappeared, and all t"hat was left there
was the dead body, a stranger to the people of
the county. These facts came out afterward.
According to this rule the people of Morgan
county would have been held responsible to the
widow and children of the deceased because
he was killed in that county. That would be
exceedingly hard.
I merely submit these few reflections to the
Senate. They are extempore thoughts that
were passing through my mind and suggested
by a few remarks made by other Senators. I
have abstained from participating in any of
the debates on this subject. 1 am willing for
almost anything to be done, I do not care very
particularly what it is, that will not interfere
too seriously with the liberty of the citizen,
that will have a tendency to expose crime, and
that will eventuate in the punishment and erad-
ication of these offenses of wbic-h there has been
so much complaint. No man can be more
anxious to behold the return of universal peace
to this distracted land than am I.
One other remark and I have done. In the
enactment of any bill for the cure of the alleged
evils it occurs to me that it ought not be a
measure for to-day, nor for the next year, nor
the year thereafter, but it should be wisely
framed and perfected to suit all times and all
places.
Mr. CASSERLY. When this resolution for
a committee ol' investigation was in the Sen-
ate, before it went to the House of Represent-
atives, I voted for it. I voted for it cheerfully.
I did not then notice the provision that the
committee might from time to time report dur-
ing the recess. Had I noticed it, lam not cer-
tain that I should have been restrained from
voting for the resolution. There appeared to
be at that time a sort of era of good feeling in
the Senate on the general subject of the alleged
outrages in the South. There were many cir-
cumstances which led me to the opinion, or at
least the hope, that the majority here did reaHy
desire a candid and fair investigation for the
purpose of ascertaining the facts just as they
are in the South in regard to the alleged dis-
orders, and that upon facts so ascertained the
Senate would then proceed to determine
whether any legislation was necessary, and if
so, what legislation should be had, accordineto
the exact exigency and within the limits of the
Constitution.
At that time I felt, as I do now, that the best
interests ot the South were in the highest degree
involved in the restoration of peace ar.d order
throughout all her borders. 1 felt that those
interests were best advanced by withdrawing,
once for all, every ground or pretext from any
party in. the country for further interference
in her just right to manage her own affairs.
For these reasons, also, I voted for the resolu-
tion. I wanted the truth to be known, for I
felt that no just right of the South eouid be
harmed by the truth. 8o I felt, and so feel
