298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Eu Mux Elan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong.... 1stSjess.
texas.
General Howard said in 1868:
' "A fearful amount of lawlessness and ruffianism
has prevailed in Texas during the past sear. Armed
bands styling themselves Ku Klux, &c„ have prac-
ticed barbarous cruelties upon the freedmen. Mur-
ders by the desperadoes whohave long disgraced this
State areof common occurrence. The civil authori-
ties have been overawed, and in many cases even
the bureau and military forces have been powerless
to prevent the commission of these crimes. From
information on file in the office of the assistant com-
missioner it appears that in the month of March the
number of freedmen murdered was21; of white men,
15; the number of freedmen assaulted with the intent
to kill. 11; white men. 7. In July the number of
freedmen murdered was 32; white men, 7. It has
been estimated by reliable authority that in August,
1868, there were probably live thousand indictments
pending in the State for homicide in some of its
various degrees, in most oases downright murder.
Set since the close of the war only in one solitary
case (that of a freedman who was hung at Houston)
has punishment to the full extent of the law been
awarded.
"In consequence of this condition of affairs akmd
of a quiet prevails among the freed people lacking
but little in all the essentials of slavery. In the
more remote districts, where bureau a,gents are fifty
or one hundred miles apart, and stations of troops
still further distant, freedmen do not dare or pre-
sume to act in opposition to the will of their late
masters. They make no effort to exorcise righ ts con-
ferred upon them by the acts of Congress, and few
even of Union men are brave enough, or rather fool-
hardy enough, to advise them in anything antagon-
istic to the sentiments of the people lately in rebel-
lion."
Thus it appears that in two months there
were seventy-five murders and eleven assaults
with intent to kill. How many murders in
the year may be imagined—five thousand in-
dictments pending. This was under military
supervision. The military arm could arrest
criminals and protect witnesses, but the trial
was generally left to civil court and jury, and
the result was one man executed, and he a
negro.
There is no statement of other outrages
contemporary with the five thousand murders.
In other States the number of collateral inju-
ries, such as assault and battery, wounding,
and sceurging, would have been appalling ;
but the TexasKu Klux do not play with their
victims nor temper their judgments with mercy.
Whom they attack they generally kill, and it
may be double the number of murders would
cover all other outrages, and surely fifteen
thousand are enough even for Texas, where
we do not expect order. The State is now
under civil government, supplemented by a
strong militia organization, and the most dis-
orderly regions are under martial law. The
danger is that during the next political excite-
ment the lawless element may get the upper
hand.
Now, sir, I have traced this organization—
known, and feared wherever it is known, as
the Ku Klux Klan—from Virginia to Texas,
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande. Its
existence in all the late rebel States and in
the neutral State of Kentucky is proven by
official reports, by witnesses, by the admis-
sions of leading southern Democrats and news-
papers, and finally by its own red record of
crime. General N. B. Forrest gives its num-
bers in enormous figures, 550,000, over half
a million. Its central and vital principle is
opposition to reconstruction, the new constitu-
tional amendments, and the laws made for
their enforcement. Its rallying-cry is "A
white man's government arid the Constitution
as it was." It is in full harmony with the
reactionary Democracy. Its members were
rebels and are Democrats, and it works for
the Democratic party in order to recover the
status lost by rebellion. Its means are intim-
idation, violence, and murder. It rules or
ruins. The sum total of outrages, if fully set
forth, would startle the world. I dare not
undertake to sum them; but, that we may
approach an opinion, let us within safe boumis
of half the commonly received estimates add
them up. Murders, woundings, seourgings,
and other bodily injuries committed since the
collapse of the rebellion to date : in Virginia,
500; Kentucky, 1,000; Tennessee, 1,500;
North Carolina, 1,000; South Carolina, 1,000;
Georgia, 500; Florida, 300; Alabama, 500:
Mississippi, 500; Arkansas, 500; Louisiana,
3,000; Texas, 5,000; total, 15,300.
If .you think this excessive, cut it down to
ten thousand; that were enough to shame the
Republic. Ten thousand crimes against the
citizens of the United States and no punish-
ment, no redress! Probably half these out-
rages were done in 1868, pending the presi-
dential election under Andrew Johnson, who
sympathized with the party they aided. Gen-
tlemen may say that the body of this evidence
relates to the past. I answer that much of it
touches the present hour and shows this or-
ganization rampant in five States—Kentucky,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and
Texas; while it is less active, though plainly
felt, in three—Florida, Alabama, and Missis-
sippi. In Virginia, Tennessee, Arkansas, and
Louisiana it is quiescent. The "sacred ser-
pent" does not hiss, but is he therefore dead?
No ; dormant. Follow him into his den, you
will find him in all his original dimensions
awaiting the return of the heated political
season, when he may issue forth again to make
himself heard, seen, and felt. Already he
begins to turn over and wind around himself
uuder the reviving warmth of an occasional
Democratic victory.
In Virginia and Tennessee there is no neces-
sity for action. The Democracy are in power,
and Ku KUtx do not kill Democrats. In Ark-
ansas and ijouisiana there is no present ap-
parent hope; but who imagines that the Ku
Klux Democracy of the South will surrender
those two States or any other southern State
without a struggle or let their electoral votes go
by default in 1872? Our presidential elections
are quadrennial high tides of excitement. Then
all elements, good and evil, are exerted to their
utmost. In 1872 all the States will be back on
the electoral roll. It will be a grand contest.
Unless parties alter their present attitude the
campaign will be fought upon the issue of the
validity of the three new constitutional amend-
ments and of the laws to enforce them ; in a
word, reconstruction to stand as it is or be un-
done ; and what is that but the Ku Klux ques-
tion? And will the Ku Klux be silent and
still when the whole nation shall be ringing
with Democratic assertion and Republican
denial of their own dogma ? Are they so fond
of peace and tranquillity as to rest in quiet in
their "dens" while the northern Democracy
fight their battles against odds and are over-
come ?
No, sir; no sane man will expect it. If left
unsuppressed till 1872 they wilt be fully organ-
ized in every southern State and ready for the
fray; by intimidation, violence, and murder,
the lash, the revolver, the rifle, and the torch,
to carry every southern State for the Demo-
cratic ticket on a Ku Klux platform. Can any
man contemplate the consequences of such a
victory? Suppose the South carried by vio-
lence, as Georgia and Louisiana were in 1868,
and New York by fraud, as she was in 1868,
and that those with other electoral votes law-
fully obtained decide the contest in favor of
the Democracy, then the loyal people must
submit to see the fruits of four years of war,
with all its cost of blood and treasure, turn
to Dead Sea apples in their hands; or if they
attempt to resist the consummation of the foul
and bloody conspiracy, they must encounter
another civil war, in which their enemies will
fight under the national authority and flag.
Mr. Speaker, the possibility of such an event
imposes upon us the imperative duty of guard-
ing against it. And why may it not occur?
Had the votes of Georgia and Louisiana been
material in 1868, we should then have been
placed in the position described, with Seymour
leading Tammany and Blair the Ku Klux, to
seize upon power gained by fraud and violence.
When wise men escape such perils they pro-
vide measures against a recurrence. Let us
do so now in good season.
The President asks for legislation to enable
him lawfully to suppress Ku Klux outrages.
He has been slow in reaching the conclusion
that extraordinary measures are requisite.
So have we all.
Our last presidential election was carried
under the magic words "Let us have peace.
That result seemed for a time to have restored
order. The annual message of 1869 said,
" We are blessed with peace at home." But
in his annual message for 1870, the President
said:
"In our midst comparative harmony has been re-
stored. It is to be regretted, however, that a free
exercise of the elective franchise has, by violence
and intimidation, been denied to citizens in excep-
tional cases in sovoral of tho States lately in rebel-
lion, and the verdict of the people has thereby been
reversed."
"Violence and intimidation" "in several
States," " the verdict of the people reversed."
Sir, had we not been so inured to war's alarms
such language would have astonished us.
Again he said:
" In conclusion I would sum up the policy of the
Administration to be a thorough enlorcement of
every law; a faithful collection of every tax pro-
vided for; economy in the disbursement of the same;
a prompt payment of every debt of the nation; a
reduction of taxes as rapidly as tho requirements
of the country will admit; reductions of taxation
and tariff, to be so arranged as to afford the greatest
relief to the greatest number; honest and fair deal-
ings with all other peoples, to the end that war,
with all its blighting consequences, may be avoided, •
but without surrendering any right or obligation due
to us; a reform in the treatment of Indians, and in the
whole civil service of the country; and. finally, in
securing a pure, untrammcled ballot, where every
man entitled to cast a vote may do so, just once, at
oach election, without fear of molestation or pro-
scription on account of his political faith, nativity,
or color."
On March 7, 1871, Mr. Hooper, of Massa-
chusetts, reported :
" The President said he had no communication to
make at present to Congress, but that he might have
some communication to make in the course of a week,
and the President expressed a desire that during
this week no day should be fixed for a final adjourn-
ment of the two Houses."
March 23 the President sent us the following
message:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
A condition of affairs now exists in some of the
States of the Union rendering life and property in-
secure and the carrying of the mails and the collec-
tion of the revenue dangerous. The proof that such
a condition of affairs exists in some localities is now
before the Senate. That the power to correct these
evils is beyond the control of State authorities I do
not doubt; that the power of the Executive of the
United States, acting within the limits of existing
laws, is suliicicnt for present emergencies is not clear.
Therefore, I urgently recommend such legislation
as in the judgment of Congress shall effectually
sccure life, liberty, and property, and the enforce-
ment of law, in all parts of the United States. It
may be expedient to provide that such law as shall
be passed in pursuance of this recommendation
shall expire at the end of the next session of Con-
gress. There is no other subject upon which I would
recommend legislation during tho present session.
U. S. GRANT.
washington, d. 0., March 23,1871.
Itwas natural forthe Presidentand for every
Republican to be reluctant and unwilling to
admit the deplorable condition of the South.
It is the only blemish on our record, the only
imperfection of our work, of Union, liberty,
and equality. When we can proclaim peace
throughout the land, history will pronounce
upon the Republican party the grandest eulogy
ever awarded to men. But we now see and
acknowledge the condition of affairs and are
uniting on a remedy. Necessity closes our
divisions and brings us into line.
We perceive that Republican quarrels are
Democratic victories. We have intimations
of what Democratic victories mean from the
great southern leader who has been so long
silent, Jefferson Davis. Seeing the flag of
