1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
ing, I was willing to credit the majority here
■with the same desire for the truth and for the
pacification of the South. I know, if I know
anything, that the mo3t earnest desire of my
heart then was, and now is, to see peace and
order restored throughout the entire land, and
especially throughout that southern land, which
has been so terribly desolated and convulsed
by a great civil war.
All my life, from feeling, from conviction,
from the training and habit of an honorable
profession, I have been the foe of disorder and
violence in every shape, and especially in their
most objectionable form of a secret, sworn
association. I never yet belonged to any or-
ganization which was bound by a tie of secrecy,
however legitimate its objects. I have regarded
every such organization as, to say the least,
unnecessary in a free country. I was not un-
aware of the objections to such an investiga-
tion by Congress as a precedent, but I was
willing to waive them for the sake of the good
to be accomplished by united action here,
in view of the predetermined course of the
majority.
These wero my own views and purposes.
From what I saw I supposed them to be shared
by the majority of the Senate. I was prompt
to meet the majority half way. On a former
occasion I had been compelled to arraign the
purposes of the majority in raising the Senate
committee of inquiry appointed last session.
Whether I was right or wrong then, I thought
I saw a healthier tone in the present Congress.
The temper of the House seemed to have
reached and improved the Senate. If any
doubt could be cast on the motives of the Sen-
ate in raising the new committee of inquiry,
I was not disposed to be the one to raise it. I
assumed good faith on the part of the majority
here. I assumed a good purpose to do just
what was right and fair in the proposed inquiry
into the condition of the South. I assumed
that the inquiry would be an honest one, and
that it was to furnish the basis for any legis-
lation that might be had at some future period.
Sir, I voted for the resolution on all these
grounds. It went to the House. t A delay
ensued there. A change without any sufficient
cause mean time came over Congress. Many
things have since occurred in this body in
respect to the general subject of the condition
of the South. Not one thing occurred that
did not more and more shake my confidence
in the action of the Senate, not one thing
that did not disappoint my expectations.
Everything that happened concurred to satisfy
me how grievous was the mistake as to the
purposes of the Senate under which I voted
for the new committee of inquiry. The last
lingering shred of hope was rent away from
me yesterday when the frank, manly offer
made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
on behalf of the Democratic minority in the
Senate was rejected almost with contempt by a
nearly unanimous party vote of the Senate.
What was that offer? It was upon the ground
that the Democratic party here has never
. been disposed to excuse or even to connive at
any disorders in the South, and that it was
always for any honest investigation of them,
however searching or unfriendly ; that we did
not object to the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman-,] in so far as it under-
took to provide for a reference of the sub-
ject to the Judiciary Committee with instruc-
tions to report by bill; that our objection
lay, as stated by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurman,] to the assumptions of law
and of fact contained in the preamble; to
assumptions of facts which were unfounded as
well as injurious to the States in question; to
assumptions of law as to power in Congress
for which there was no warrant. Yet was the
Democratic minority here willing by its votes
to unite with the majority and refer the whole
subject generally to the Judiciary Committee
here, made up largely of Senators of the
majority.
That offer was made under special circum-
stances. You professed to believe that the
Democrats were not willing to unite with you
in condemning and putting down at the South
whatever disorders there were there and what-
ever lawless bands there were that caused
them. You professed to call on us to unite
with you in the good work in good faith and
good feeling. We took you at your word.
We made you the offer to join with you in your
resolution to set your Judiciary Committee in
motion. We asked you only to leave out the
needless and irritating language and assump-
tions of the preamble. You refused our request.
You rejected our offer to join with you.
The resolution of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] was passed in its most offensive
form. You, the majority, said then and there,
as distinctly as though you had said it in words,
that you did not desire the cooperation of the
Democratic party in the great work of pacifi-
cation of the South; that you spurned such
cooperation; that though you had over and
over declared here that with the concurrent
action of the Democratic party peace in the
South could be promptly and thoroughly re-
stored, you preferred to reject that coopera-
tion and imperil that result rather than yield up
one word of the bitter assaults and aspersions
upon eleven States of this Union with which
the preamble to that resolution was filled, one
tittle of your startling recitals of power over
local crimes in the States. This was not all.
In sending to the House your resolution for
a joint committee of inquiry you solemnly
avowed that further inquiry was needed before
further action. In passing the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] you
deliberately declared that you would legislate
without further information.
I shall not descant upon other circumstances
which corroborate the opinions I have been
obliged heretofore to express on this whole
business. I rose simply to justify the change
in my vote. After what has taken place, I
regard it as the extreme of folly to expect any
results from his joint committee which would
justify me in voting for it, or justify any man
who is for ascertaining the truth or who places
the restoration of peace and order in the South
above all party considerations.
You have already condemned nine or ten
States of the South. You have passed judg-
ment upon the people there, innocent and
guilty alike. You have declared, so far as
this Senate can, to the world, that by act or
connivance the majority of the people of one
State, and of many parts of the other States,
are worse than savages, unfit to live, or fit to
live only as the inmates of prisons; that not
only have they defied all civil authority, but
by organized perjury they have rendered the
courts powerless to punish such crimes. Sir,
it is the most tremendous accusation that was
ever deliberately made against a whole people
by its own Senate. It is such an accusation
as nowhere in the annals of the most insolent
and cruel oppressor defaces and defiles the
page of history.
A whole people, the people, not of one
community alone, not ot one State alone,
but of many parts of ten or eleven States,
organized ana engaged in the horribre work
of annulling the power of their own courts to
punish the worst crimes by organized perjury 1
Oh, sir, after that, after such a judgment ren-
dered, after such a condemnation entered up
by you against a whole people, it is the utmost
height of absurdity, to say the least, to pro-
pose now to inquire whether there is any truth
in the condemnation, any justice in the judg-
ment, whether there is not somewhere some
ground upon which your action can be rested.
For these reasons and others which, as I
have stated, occur to me, but which I do not
now occupy the Senate by presenting, I shall
vote against the resolution now, I will not
say as cheerfully as I voted for it before, but
as decidedly and with as clear a conviction
that I am right now as I had that I was right
then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the question of
concurring in the amendment of the House of
Representatives. On this question the Secre-
tary will call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHANDLER, (having first voted in
the affirmative.) I ask leave to withdraw my
vote. I was paired with the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, Mr. Bayard, on this vote.
He, if present, would have voted iu the nega-
tive and I should have voted " yea."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks leave to withdraw his vote.
It will be withdrawn if there be no objection.
Mr. VICK.ERS, (having first voted in the
negative.) 1 beg to withdraw my vote also. I
forgot that I had been paired with the Senator
from Florida, Mr. Gilbert.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland, being paired with the Senator
from Florida, asks to withdraw his vote. The
Chair hears no objection. .
The result was announced—yeas 37, nays
12; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron. Clayton, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Kenton, Ferry of Michigan, Froling-
huysen, Hamilton of Texas. Hamlin. Harlan, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Soott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumn«r, Tipton. Trum-
bull, West, Wilson, and Windom—37. .
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly. Cooper, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Vircinia, Hamilton of
Maryland, .Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury. Stevenson,
Stockton, and Thurman—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Carpenter.
Chandler, Cole. Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Hill. Hitchcock, Kellogg. Morrill of
Maine, Morton, iSTye, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Vickers, and Wright—21.
So the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was concurred iu.
The YICE PRESIDENT. This joint com-
mittee, now authorized is to consist of seven
Senators on the part of the Senate. How shall
they be appointed? ["By the Chair."] It
theie is no objection, the Chair appoints a3
those Senators, Mr. Scott, (chairman,) Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Rice, Mr. Nye,
Mr. Bayard, and Mr. Blair.
EXECUTIVE SliSSION.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move 
Mr. STEWART. I suppose the resolution
as to the Senators from Alabama and Georgia
is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections
is before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS^ I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a mo-
tion to take up the bill which allows compen-
sation'to the minister to England. I am in
hopes the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] will not make any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont insists on his motion the re-
quest of the Senator from Pennsylvania is not
in order.
Mr. STEWART. We cannot yield for that.
Mr. SUMNER. £et us adjourn over.
["No."]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections
is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Vermont moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after one
hour and forty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
salary of minister to england.
While the doors were closed, Mr. Cameron
asked unanimous consent for the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 311) in relation to the pay-
ment of the salary of Robert C. Schenek, envoy
