1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
Democracy floating in triumph on the White
mountains, the ex-president of the southern
confederacy makes a "progress" through Ala-
bama such as the sovereigns of England were
used to make through their counties. At
Mobile he said, "I dare not speak as I feel
but at Selma he spoke more freely, and the
Democratic organ, the Selma Times and
Messenger, reports him as follows :
"He touched the hearts of all by the kind a d
affectionate manner in which he spoke of Alabama,
the southern people, and the " lost cause." He said
that he could not address them as fellow-citizens, as
he was disfranchised by every count in the disfran-
chising act. Closing his remarks, he expressed the
hope that he would yet live to see the sovereignty
of the States vindicated."
And that paper adds:
" We express, in behalf of the people of Al3.bn.ma,
the hope that he may not only live to see that day,
but that in that hour he may be found representing
the people who love him so well.'*
ii istory presents no scene like this. An arch-
rebel, who has led a great and bloody revolt,
and been conquered, magnanimously released,
unpunished, restored to citizenship in the
country he sought to destroy, permitted with
impunity to stir up the people to fresh revolt.
Milton imagines something like it where he
pictures Satan haranguing the prostrate pow-
ers of hell to renewed rebellion against the
laws of Heaven. We can almost hear our rebel
chieftain exclaim:
" What though the field be lost?
All is not lost; th' unconquerable will,
And study of revenge, immortal hate,
And courage never to submit or yield."
But even this comparison fails, for Satan
was in hell, suffering the judgment of Heaven
for his crimes, while the man has been re-
admitted to the Union he would have dis-
rupted.
It may be said that if the southern people
be animated by this spirit, and the Ku Klux
Klan be so formidable as General Forrest
says, and so hostile and bloody as the testi-
mony shows, there is danger of another war.
But. Mr. Speaker, threatening a3 the prospect
seems, i do not apprehend a serious struggle.
If the whole South were like South Carolina,
or if all members of the Ku Klux Klan were
desperate and violent men, there would be
gieat peril. But the evidence shows that not
one member in ten, perhaps not one in a hun-
dred, commits violence. The masked and
sheeted Ku Klux are executioners who vol-
unteer or are assigned to execute the decrees
of the Klan. They are the idle, wild young
men who abound at the South, a class bred by
slavery and fostered in rebellion. They are
supported by better men, whose ends they
serve. But let their deeds and the combina-
tion from which they spring be placed under
the ban of United States law, and the sub-
stantial men who now send out these Hotspurs
will withdraw from the Klan and it will be
left without supporting public sentiment.
If, then, the masked assassins keep up their
work force must be applied, and little will
suffice to suppress them. The trouble will be
to catch them; for they do not fight. There
is no instance on record where disguised Ku
Klux have given fair fight. Every conflict
having the semblance of battle has been made
by members undisguised, in open arms. So
they fough tin Louisiana, but there they encoun-
tered colored men unarmed, or poorly armed
at best. So theyfought recently in South Car-
olina against the colored State militia, but they
have never faced a force of white men nor
have they ever met national troops. The
masked Ku Klux has thus far shown him-
self a coward. The evidence discloses many
examples.
A laithful sheriff with a small posse fired
upon five times their number of armed, dis-
guised Ku Klux, wounded and unhorsed sev-
eral and put them to flight at a single volley.
A school-master with half a dozen brave
freedmen resisted fifty masks and drove them
away.
A single white man in Tennessee defended
his house against them.
A merchant in Kentucky defended his store.
The cabin of an old negro was surrounded
at night and they were entering the window,
when the brave man fired his shot gun, ex-
claiming '"I^ore God, somebody must die,"'
and brought down the constable, when the
sheriff led the retreat.
Another negro, whose arms had been taken,
met them with a long iron shovel and mauled
their masks till they fled.
Seldom do they attack a man until they have
disarmed him. They do not mean to risk their
own lives when they take those of others.
They cannot afford to be killed, wounded,
or captured. Exposure would follow, trial,
conviction, punishment; secrecy and mystery
would be gone, and the whole conspiracy ex-
ploded. But if we are too sanguine—if they
mean war—let us take it in time, and not wait
until they are better armed and prepared. If
it must come; if, having conquered a rebellion
waged for the extension of slavery, we have
now to meet another waged for the privilege
of scourging and killing American citizens,
let it come, and let us make tlie war quick,
sharp, and decisive, so that it may be the last.
thb remedy.
What is the remedy? Gentlemen on the
other side say, "There is no need of legisla-
tion. Let the southern people alone ; they are
only throwing off carpet-bag government."
We know they are throwing off loyal Repub-
lican government; and that is what is meant
by carpet-bag government. " Carpet-bagger,"
"«r>alflwa(y ' ' " noffrn f " Th PQA ftPA t.hfMr
names for patriots. And loyal men, however
good and honest, weigh not a feather in their
balance against rebels. The better the loyal
man is, the more they hate him for his influence.
They pretend to be opposing corruption. It is
a false pretense. Look at Tammany. Let
them throw off carpet-bag government and
you will have rebel government, and then you
may have peace, provided you permit them
to nullify the laws and Constitution and reduce
the freedmen to involuntary servitude.
Gentlemen from Tennessee on the other
side say they have peace there. Ay, the
peace of slavery, the peace of the gravel
They have conquered and slain until there is
none to oppose them, and now they stand
over the dead and say it is peace. There is
always peace over the grave of the just man.
It was testified by a Louisiana Democrat after
the riot, that election day was quiet as a
funeial. Cert&inly 1 It was a funeral day.
The loyal people were burying their dead while
the rebels were carrying the election. No,
gentlemei.; we mean to use the power of this
Republic to stop this wholesale murder. We
have been patient. We have looked anxiously
for peace. We have joyfully hailed every sign
of tranquillity. We have waited six years,
wishing, praying, hoping, and now we see only
increasing violence. We cannot shut our eyes
to the facts; you cannot deny them. Here are
proofs enough, sworn testimony enough to
convict the whole Ku Klux Klan and con-
demn the Democratic party as an accomplice
in its guilt in any court of justice in this world
or in the next. Yet we do not propose pun-
ishment for the past; we only ask peace in the
future. Aud to secure peace we must extend
the jurisdiction of the national courts and the
power of the national Executive.
the constitction.
Gentlemen on the other side, from 'he North
and the South, say we cannot suppress the Ku
Klux Klan under the Constitution ; and rather
than infringe that instrument, as they under-
stand it, they will allow the Ku Klux Klan to
run on forever. Better anything, in their opin-
ion, than the least infraction of State rights.
But gentlemen forget that the Constitution
is not now what it was before the southern
Democracy undertook to destroy the Union for
which the Constitution was made. The old,
vexed question whether this was really a
national Union or merely a disjointed confed-
eration, dependent on the States and helpless
without them, has been settled forever, de-
termined by the court of last resort—an appeal
to arms—and the people have ratified the judg-
ment and expressed it in constitutional amend-
ments. The secession leaders had persuaded
themselves that on the withdrawal of their
States the "confederation" would tumble to
pieces for want of supporting pillars. But
they only exhibited the weakness and fallacy
of their own theory of State sovereignty. At
first the Union seemed to tremble in the storm,
but the people upheld it on their shoulders
while they fought southern rebels with bay-
onets and northern Democrats with ballots.
We saved the old Constitution and mailt- it
what our fathers intended it should be. We
have adopted three cardinal amendments—the
trinity of nationality. The thirteenth confers
upon every inhabitant of the Republic liberty,
that gift of God which had been taken away
by man; the fourteenth gives equality under
the law, with the right to the equal protection
of the law; the fifteenth guaranties impartial
suffrage, and each gives to Congress the power
to enforce it.
It would be well for returning prodigals to
look at these amendments—improvements of
their fathers' house. It would be well for
gentlemen who have opposed their adoption
and denounced them as invalid to study the
meaning of these grand provisions of our fun-
damental law. It would be well for all of us
to endeavor to comprehend their profound
meaning. It will hereafter be more difficult
to limit the powers of Congress than to vin-
dicate its authority. Few of us can realize
the vast reach and extent of the newly-granted
powers. Even the men who wrote and adopted
and ratified the amendments can hardly see
their grandeur. We stand too near the mount-
ains, It may be said of the framers of the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth articles of
amendment as was said of our forefathers who
founded the Republic which we have perfected,
'' They builded better than they knew."
I shall not follow the long lines of " ex-
pounders" who have ventured into this wide
field of unexplored powers, many of whom
are still "in wandering mazes lost." It is
sufficient for me that I find in these amend-
ments ample authority for the proposed legis-
lation. I would be willing to submit the ques-
tion on th'o reading of the text. The facts
before us establish a ease coming within each
and all of these amendments. The Ku Klux
Klan endanger liberty, equal rights, and im-
partial suffrage. Let us read the text:
Abticlb XIII.
Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary serv-
itude, cxcept as a punishment for crime, whereoi
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within the United States, or any place subject to
their jurisdiction. , . ...
SEC.i Congress shall have power to enforce this
articlo by appropriate legislation.
Article XIV.
Sectiox 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States, nndsubject to the jurisdiction thereof,
aro citizens of the United States and of the btato
wheiein they reside. No State shall make orentorca
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of lifo, liberty, or property
without due process of law. nor deny to any person
witkin its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws. "• '
Sec. 6. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
hy appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
Abticlb XV.
Suction 1. The right of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
