538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of
the United States to Great Britain, which was
granted, and the bill was considered, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, anil passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
" Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, (at five
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 10, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
of manufacturers of machinery, praying for an
increase of the duty on imported machinery
made of iron and steel; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON. I present a memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Arkansas,
asking the confirmation by enactment of the
titles to land purchased by citizens of that
State under the act of Congress known as the
graduation act. I ask that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the restrict-
ive rule of the Senate applicable to the pres-
ent session, petitions are laid upon the table,
except by unanimous consent. The Senator
from Arkansas desires that this memorial of
the Legislature of his State, which he pre-
sents, be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none j and the memorial will bo referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and printed,
being from a State Legislature.
WITHDRAWAL 01' PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That J. W. Parish & Co. liave loavo to
withdraw their petition and vapors from the iiles of
tko Senate.
KNPOM'S OP COMMITTERS.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there be no further peti-
tions, I ask if there will be any objection to the
consideration of the House post route bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. Reports of committees are
in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (II. R. No. ;>20) to enforce
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States and
for other purposes, to report the same favor-
ably, with certain amendments. I will state
that the bill as amended has been printed, by
direction of the committee, and laid on the
tables of Senators, in order that they might
have it before them at this time, on account,
of the understanding which was entered into
that the bill should be proceeded with to-
day. After one o'clock, when gentlemen
shall have had an opportunity to read over the
bill and attend to whatever morning business
there may be, if any, 1 shall ask the Senate
to take up the bill.
I ask the pardon of Senators for one moment
further now. In the printed bill on the desks
of Senators, oil page 5, in the third line of
the third section, brackets are printed about
the word ''shall," the brackets indicating that
that word is to be stricken out. That is a
typographical error. The brackets should
follow "shall,'' and the word "shall" should
stand in the bill to make sense.
HOUR 01 MEETING.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
order:
Ordered, That the daily meetings of the Senate
be at eleven o'clock a. m., and that, unless other-
wise ordered, there be a daily recess from five until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the order will lie
over, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will
lie over until to-morrow, objection being made
to its present consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does not that require
unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the impression that toward the close of the
last session of Congress there was a reserva-
tion of the right to the Senate to fix the time
of meeting at such hoar daily as they might see
fit, but that has not been done at this session,
as the Chair thinks, and therefore this motion
must lie over for a day unless by unanimous
consent, as the hour of meeting is fixed at
twelve o'clock by a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. POMERO Y. The Chair will remember
that there was an order passed at the opening
of this session, that until otherwise ordered
the meetings of the Senate should be at twelve
o'clock. So it is within the power of the Sen-
ate to otherwise order at any time.
Mr. HAMLIN. On any day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that that was the language of the
order, " until otherwise ordered." If that be
the case, the Senate have the right at any time
to otherwise order.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to suggest, if the
Senator from Ohio will allow me, whether that
enlarges the power of the Senate in any degree.
The Senate may always otherwise order. Those
words do not amount to anything.
Mr. POMEUOY. It is notice.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is not notice. It is
simply reserving what the Senate reserves any
way without using that language. I suggest
this for the consideration of the Chair, who of
course is to judge of the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without these
words, "unless otherwise ordered," a resolu-
tion changing the time of meeting would have
to lie over one day; but when the reservation
" unless otherwise ordered " is made, the Chair
thinks it is within the power of the majority
to "otherwise order " at what time the meet-
ing of the Senate shall be.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wish to say 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Sunator what the objection is to meet-
ing at eleven o'clock. There are now no com-
mittee meetings in the morning.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will allow
me to say what I have tried to say two or three
times, he will perceive that I have not the least
objecUen in the world to meeting at eleven
o'clock. That is not the part of the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Rhode Island
that 1 objected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion is that of the Senator from Maine, to
fix the hour of meeting to-morrow at eleven
o'dlock.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that; but
I wish to avail myself of this opportunity of
saying what I think is best about the course
of business. It is that part of the resolution
of the Seuator from Rhode Island which con-
templates night sessions that I object to. If
we meet at eleven o'clock and sit here until
five or six o'clock, that is as long as we ought
to sit, especially in Such weather as this. We
gain nothing at all by meeting at night, except
ill-health. I know of no disposition on the
part of any Senator to produce delay in the
consideration of the, measure that is pending
before the Senate; I know of no one that
wants to speak merely for delay; and I do not
think the discussion of the pending bill is likely
to be as extensive as some Senators seem to
suppose. I think that it can within a reason-
able time be discussed as fully as Senators
want to discuss it, unless there are to be a
number of speeches on the Republican side;
and we can do all that in broad daylight with-
out sitting here at night.
I hope, therefore, we shall have no night ses-
sions at all. Let a reasonable time be allowed
for the discussion of this bill, as it has been
said all the time there would be ; and I think—
I speak now only for myself, but I believe I
may assume to speak for others—that there
will be no necessity to have a trial of physical
strength in order to pass the bill by sitting all
night. There is no disposition to subject any-
body to that inconvenience.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
Ohio at what time in the course of the week
he would think it reasonable to have an under-
standing that we shall come to a vote on this
bill ?
Mr. THURMAN. It is very difficult to say
now because of this fact: I do not know how
many Senators may desire to speak on it. I
think for myself that I shall not occupy an
hour. That is my present impression ; but I
cannot tell what may be said in the course of
the debate that I may consider it my duty to
notice. But I ain not given to making long
speeches.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot fix a time
now.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not expect now to
occupy more than an hour on this bill. I do
not know how many other Senators desire to
speak, but I am sure there is time enough;
and my present impression is, although it is
only an impression, that we might have a vote
on this bill by next Saturday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that with reason-
able diligence we shall be able to dispose of
this bill by Thursday certainly, so as to en-
able the House of Representatives, if it goes
back there with any amendments, to act upon
them this week, so that we can adjourn on
Saturday or on Monday next; and 1 have no
doubt myself that the course of the debate, if
it keeps to the point, really debating this bill,
will have fairly exhausted itself upon both sides
by that time. That will give us four full days
for discussion, which, within the limits stated
by my friend from Ohio of an hour, would give
us from fifteen to twenty speeches ; and that
number, I have no doubt, is twice as many as
will be made. So I shall hope that the
Senate will by Thursday afternoon dispose
of this bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I suggest to the Senator,
why not say Wednesday instead of Thursday?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Several Senators on this
side say that is too early. I think I shall be
thought about midway between the two ex-
tremes if I say that on Thursday next, either
by consent or by the votes of the majority of
the Senate, I hope we shall be able to dispose
of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have one word to say
in reply to the Senator from Ohio, and in favor
of night sessions. We sit fewer hours than any
othergreatlegislative body. The British House
of Commons meets at four o'clock and gener-
ally adjourns at twelve. Eight hours is the
fair average session; and at a period of the
session corresponding to this time, the House
of Commons generally sits I think until two Or
three o'clock in the morning, and frequently
until daylight. I recollect reading one of the
finest speeches of Mr. Gladstone—1 do not
recollect the occasion ; the Seuator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who knows every-
thing, I suppose could give the exact date—in
