540
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
derstands the Senator from California to insist
upon his objection.
Mr. CASSBliLY. Yes, sir.
senators from alabama and qeorgia.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections :
Resolved, That George Goldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take seats in this body
upon taking the proper oaths; and that the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections proceed hereafter
to consider the grounds on which their rights to
seats respectively are contested, and hereafter make
reports to the Senate thereon.
Mr. HILL. I do not know but that it may
be the purpose of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections to make
some reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.] If so, I am disposed
to give him the opportunity to do so. If he
declines to do it, I wish to submit a few con-
siderations myself in regard to the subject
reported upon by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
It is known that at the first meeting Of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections they
took up and considered the case of the Senator
from Texas. I take it they did so because it
was a simple case involving but one point
There were two certificates of election pre-
sented to the committee; one of them, Ibelieve,
though, not signed by the Governor of Texas;
and the only question that presented itself was
as to the time whuii the election should have
befn made. Both Mr. Hamilton and General
Beynolds claimed to have been elected by the
same Legislature; one to have been elected at
the time the Legislature filled two unexpired
terms, for the shortest of which Mr. Hamilton
was elected. That election took place under
the act of 1806, and occurred at the regular
time, as 1 now remember, beginning on the sec-
ond Tuesday after the organization of the Le-
gislature. More than, perhaps, a twelvemonth,
1 forget exactly the interval, elapsed before
the same Legislature, after having elected Mr.
Hamilton to succeed himself for a full term of
six years, commencing on the 4th of March,
1871, at a subsequent session during the pres-
ent year, perhaps in January, proceeded to
elect another person as Senator, on which
occasion Mr. Reynolds was elected. The ques-
tion arose as to the validity of the first election,
or rather at what time the election should have
been made. The committee came to the
unanimous conclusion in that case that there
was nothing irregular in the lirst election, and
that Mr. Hamilton's election was in conformity
to the law, and recommended the seating of
llr. Hamilton, which was accepted by theSen-
ate, and adopted, 1 believe, without dissent.
I take it that the reason why that case was
considered in preference to any other case
before the committee was because it was a
simple one, involving fewer facts, it may be,
than any other case. Subsequently the com-
mittee took up the cases of Messrs. Gold-
thwaite and Blodgett, and for some reason
considering them both the same day, in the
recommendation that both claimants be tem-
porarily seated, they blended them, put them
together, without any good reason, the cases
not standing by any means upon the same foot-
ing. In the case of Mr. Goldthwaite the prot-
ectants, who were members of the Legislature
of Alabama, claimed to be able to show that
he was elected by a majority of one vote only,
and that there was a particular member of t-he
Legislature of Alabama who voted forhim upon
that occasion, and without whose vote he could
not have been chosen, who was obnoxious to
the fourteenth amendment, was not entitled to
ili in that Legislature, and was not really
chosen a member thereof.
That presented a question of fact, whether
it be true that there was an interloper in the
Legislature of Alabama named by these prot-
estants, claiming to represent, as they say, a
particular county, who was never elected to
that body ; and this would seem to demand
investigation. That investigation involved
time. The committee, therefore, very properly
I think, came to the conclusion (it being a
general rule that prima facie we are to take
organized Legislatures as being bodies compe-
tent to elect Senators) that they had not time
during the present session to enter upon an
inquiry; aud they therefore proposed to defer
it so as to ascertain what the facts are. If it
turns out that there is nothing in the objection,
or if the committee could determine it as well
now as it could at any other time, and should
come to the conclusion that it was not compe-
tent for the Senate to enter upon an investiga-
tion as to the eligibility of members of a State
Legislature, thereby involving themselves in
the tedious research consequent upon such an
examination, of going into the election in the
particular county, ascertaining the right of each
voter to vote, and every other fact that would
settle the question of the right of the member
to a seat in that Legislature, the whole case
could be disposed of at once.
The facts in regard to Mr. Blodgett's case
were wholly different. There was this resem-
blance between him and the Alabama Senator,
in the fact that no one was here claiming the
same seat of either. He presented a commis-
sion from the Governor of Georgia, which
recites, according to my recollection, that he
was elected under the act of .July 25, 1800.
There is no other certificate. Nobody contests
his seat. But there again a protest is filed,
and that protest was before the committee.
That protest insists that Mr. Blodgett was
elected by a Legislature not competent to elect,
elected at a time when under the law he could
not be chosen ; and another allegation is, that
there was not a quorum of the house of rep-
resentatives present when t he election occurred.
Ail the facts necessary to the understanding
of the particular case of Mr. Blodgett are of
record. They appear in the proceedings of
the Georgia Legislature. There is nothing to
be ascertained there as in the case of the mem
ber elected from Alabama, by adverting to the
testimony of witnesses to establish any fact;
but it all appears by the journals of the two
houses of the Georgia Legislature by what
Legislature, and at what time -Mr, Blodgett
was elected.
I call attention, to one fact in that connec-
tion. Under the act of July, 1866, it is re-
quired that the election of Senators by the
State Legislatures shall begin on the second
Tuesday after the organization of the Legisla-
ture. In April, 1808, a Legislature was chosen
in Georgia, the first Legislature since the adop-
tion of the constitution of 1868, which was
submitted at the same time, and was ratified
by the people on the same day that they chose
that Legislature, which was a day in the month
of April, 1808, but the precise day I do not
now remember. That Legislature convened
on the 4th of .July, 1868, and was organized
about the 20th of that month. There, again,
1 do not recall the particular day; but I am
not far from it—perhaps it was the 16th.
After it was recognized as being properly
organized by General Meade, the commanding
general, it did proceed, upon the second Tues-
day after its organization, to elect two Senators
to the Congress of the United States, and on
the second Tuesday and the second Wednes-
day after the organization it effected the elec-
tion of two Senators, 1 myself being elected
to the longest of the two terms then vacant,
anij my late colleague, Dr. Miller, being
elected to the shortest.
And here I would remark, as a matter of
history, that Governor Brown, afterward chief
justice of the State of Georgia, was my com-
petitor on that occasion, and Mr. Blodgett was
the principal competitor of Mr. Miller. No
one heard at that time a single suggestion
that the election of a third Senator, to succeed
Mr. Miller, for the term of six years, to com-
mence on the 4th of March, 1871, was at all
contemplated as a thing within the power of
that Legislature. Upon all reasoning, it would
seem that if that Legislature had the power at
all, it should have proceeded not only to elect
for the term which was longest, to end in
March, 1873, and to which they elected my-
self, and the term ending March, 1871, to
which they elected Mr. Miller, but they ought
to have gone further, it would seem, if they
were entitled, as I insist they were not, and
elected for the term of six years commencing
March 4, 1871. Here again I take occasion
to say that I think much of the acerbity of
that occasion, the heart-burnings, and the
party misfortunes that occurred about that
time—I speak of the Republican party—might
have been averted if it had so turned out that
we had had a third Senator to elect. I think
it would have accommodated things amaz-
ingly ; but it did not occur to anybody at that
time that such an opportunity offered, and
therefore it was not done.
It is matter familiar as history to every one
here conversant with the curious history of
Georgia for the last two years, that about the
time of this election, which took place in July,
1868, (I believe it was perfected on the 29th
day of that month by a Legislature whose
term under the constitution of that State ex-
pired in November, 1870,) or a little before
the election, members were seated'in the other
House of .Congress from Georgia; but owing
to the simple fact that this Senate adjourned
within two days after the election of the Sen-
alors, they were notseated. Everybody knows
the subsequent history; every one is familiar
with the facts that in September following tho
Legislature in madness and folly expelled the
colored members. There was a protest sent
here at the following December, when I ap-
peared to take my seat, against my being
admitted because of the lawless acts of this
Legislature in expelling these members. That
protest was sent here by the Governor of the
State, a remonstranceagainst my being seated.
There was another protest from the colored
members themselves asking that until they
were restored to their seats there might not
be representation for the State in this body.
Upon this followed a series of events in Con-
gress, delays and vexations too innumerable
and too annoying even for me to recur to them.
I wish never to think of them if I can forget
them. Suffice it to say that I was not admit-
ted then, and'not admitted session after session
until the present year.
In December, 1809, the colored members
not yet being seated in the Legislature, Con-
gress passed another bill in regard to Georgia
for the reorganization of the Legislature that
had expelled the colored members. Under
this act ofDecember, 1809, the Legislature con-
vened in January, 1870. It proceeded upon
the hypothesis which, with alarge number, was
a popular one at that time, that it was a Legis-
lature just beginning, just inaugurated ; that
the terms of office of its members began with
its being called together under the act of
December, 1869; and it proceeded to act as
such. It assumed the office of electing Sen-
ators not only for the unexpired two terms to
which I have before adverted, the terms to
which Dr. Miller and myself had been chosen,
but, unlike itself at the old session of 1868, (for
it was mainly the same Legislature,) it went
further and elected a third Senator, choosing
on that occasion Mr. Farrow to occupy the
seat to which! had been chosen, Mr. Whiteley
to the seat to which Dr. Miller had been
elected, and Mr. Blodgett for the six-years,
term to succeed the term of Mr. Whiteley com-
mencing on the 4th of March, 1871.
There is a good deal of curious history about
the assembling of that Legislature under the
act of Congress of December, 1809. It was a
very memorable occasion in Georgia, a most
remarkable event in its history. 1 happened
to be a spectator of some of the scenes that
occurred there. They were curious ; and if it
