302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Beps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. GriieJier.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
legislator who imposes burdens upon others
has himself no property to tax. The tax-
gatherer has no responsible sureties. The
whole machinery of government bears oppress-
ively on the people, yet yields no blessings
and promises no improvement. Instead of
self-government, the people of Massachusetts,'
of Minnesota, of Iowa, of Nevada, of Oregon,
have assumed the right and exercised the
power of making laws for the people of Florida
and Louisiana, and these are the -results.
I have proceeded thus far, for the sake of the
argument, on the supposition that the state-
ments of the Republicans were true respecting
the disorders and outrages at the South. But
it is remarkable when this Congress assembled
a few weeks ago the President of the United
States bad nothing on this subject to commun-
icate. The Speaker congratulated the House
on the 4th March that 44peace reigns in all
our borders." Nothing known to the public
has occurred within the last few weeks to
change this policy. Yet we are now informed
that rebellion exists in South Carolina, that
the President needs the Army and Navy, the
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
and to declare martial law^ and a subservient
Congress, without facts, without information,
hastens to reverse its own repeated decisions
in obedience to his commands.
The question arises, is there any rebellion,
is there any armed organization at the South
too powerful for the civil authorities ? Is there
any semblance of rebellion? In Virginia no
one asserts that there is. Under Conservative
influences order, law, tranquillity, reign wjthin
her borders, a marvelous contrast to States
under Radical domination. Is there any re-
bellion in North Carolina, or semblance of
rebellion? For this bill authorizes the Presi-
dent to suspend the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus and declare martial law when,
in his judgment, the "unlawful combinations"
enumerateclin thethird section of the bill exists,
and the conviction of such offenders and the
preservation of the public safety shall become
impracticable. Governor Holden,in his mes-
sage to the Legislature of North Carolina in
November last, speaking of the reign of law and
order in that State, says :
"The power of the Stat© government to protoct,
maintain, and. perpotuato itself has been tested and
demonstrated. The socrot organization which dis-
turbed the peace of society, which was sapping the
foundations of the government, sotting the law at
defiance and inflicting manifold wrongs on a largo
portion of our people, has been oxposcd and broken
up. Well-racnning, honest men, who had been
decoyedinto this organization, have availed them-
selves of 1 his opportunity to escape from it, and will
henceforth bear their testimony against it as wholly
evil in its principles and its modes ot operation. A
score or more of wicked men have beon drivon from
the State, while those of the same character who
remain have been made to tremble before the aveng-
ing hand of power. The majesty of the law has been
vindicated. The poor and the humble now sleep
unmolested in their houses, and are no longer
scourged or murdered on account of their political
opinion#. Peace and good order have been restored
to all parts of the State, with the exception of the
county of itobeson, in which some murderers and
robbers are still at large, but it is expected they will
speedily be arrested and brought, to punishment. In
view of this altered and gratifyingcondition of things
I issued another proclamation on the 10th of this
month, revoking former proclamations which placed
Alamance and Caswell in a state of insurrection."
Such is the condition of North Carolina,
attested by the Republican Executive Magis-
trate in his recent message to the represent-
atives of the people. Could stronger testi-
mony be adduced before a higher tribunal ?
Availing myself of the researches and labors
of the distinguished gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] to illustrate from high and im-
portant sources the present condition of things
at the South, I proceed to cite the recent mes-
sage of Governor Scott, of South Carolina:
"Fellow-citizens, our State has made great pro-
gress m all respects during the last two years. Two
yeais ago a large class of our people were a unit
almost in their avowed determination not to recog*
nize the validity of the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress, or of the governments established under them.
To-day these are all treated as accomplished facts
by all classes of the community, so far as public
utterances ha.ve any value, and we have good reason
to believe that the number of persons who cherish
either the hope or the desire to disturb the existing
political relations of the people is very inconsid-
erable."
This is the State to which the President's
proclamation is addressed. Governed by ne-
groes, or those who are chosen to do their will,
the condition of things no doubt is lamentable.
But is there anything in the above declaration
of the Governor to justify the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus and the declaration
of martial law, which means the abrogation
of all law?
On the 24th of January last the Governor
of Alabama, in his messege to the Legislature,'
says:
"In greeting your return to a resumption of your
legislative duties it affords me the highest gratifica-
tion in being permitted to congratulate you, and
through you the various constituencies you repre-
sent, upon the general good order and social tran-
quillity which prevail throughout our State."
Governor Bullock, of Georgia, in a recent
letter, uses the following language:
"The election held on the 20th, 21st, and 22d of
December last, taken as a whole, was as near a
peaceful, fair, and unbiased expression of public
opinion and preference through the ballot-box as
it is possible to have had in this State at this time.
So far as my knowledge extends, there was not
a voting precinct in the State where votes were
objected to, either by the managers or by partisan
leaders, on the ground that the persons offering to
vote were colored. All parties and all citizens freely
concede the right of the black man to the ballot.
But it cannot, and I presume will not be denied
that in many cases improper and unlawful means
were exercised to compel the colored citizen to
cast ballots of a different character from those east by
a majority of his race, and in opposition to his own
preference, but the enthusiastic practice of various
devices to influence the votes of citizens has been
notable, both in this country and abroad, ever since
the elective franchise has boen enjoyed; and we
cannot expect to prove an exception to the natural
effect of partisan ambition for party success stimu-
lated by personal desire for official position. The
great contest in this and other southern States has
been to secure a universal admission of acquiescence
in the right of the colored man to vote, and this
seems to have been fully gained in Georgia. The
question of how or for whom the colored man shall
vote is secondary and local.
"I repeat, that the contest has been to secure
from tho people of our State a universal admission
of or acquiescence in the right of tho colored man to
civil and political privileges, and, in tho presenceof
the.lato election, no sano man will deny that this
desirable result has been accomplished. To be sure
there bavo been exceptional cases in parts of the
State where this right lias not been fully accorded,
but tho number is comparatively inconsiderable,
and should not bo allowed to prejudice a judgment
in favor of the State as a whole."
The following is from Governor Warmoth,
of Louisiana, in a message dated January 11,
1871:
" I cannot pass from this subject to other details,
injustice, without calling your attention to the gen-
eral and peaceable acquiescence of our people in tho
results of the reconstruction policy ot the General
Government. Their acceptance of it as a finality
has been much more satisfactory in Louisiana than
in any other State in thoSouth. This mustbe attrib-
uted to the patriotism and wisdomof our people, and
to those features of State policy which have led to this
great and desirable result. It has always been my
sincere conviction that it is safe to trust to the good
sense, the honor, and thesober second thought of the
people. This conviction has determined my course
on matters of State policy, even in matters where I
was forced, for a short time, to differ from many of
my political triends. The peaceable character of
the late election, and the favorable condition of
Louisiana, as compared with many other southern
States, have, I think, convinced both friends and
foes that I was right. I have retrained from all
severe and arbitrary measures, or recourse to mere
force, appealing on all occasions and in ali locali-
ties to thejustice and discretion of the people them-
selves.
" A growing spirit of harmony and good will be-
tween the different classes of our people has been
strikingly evinced during the last year. It has beea
seen in a strongly pronounced disposition on the
part of all good citizens in most parts of the State,
without respect to partisan differences, to preserve
order, enforce the laws, and render obedience to all
legally constituted authority."
Governor Davis, of Texas, thus
his message of January 10, 1871 :
"Since the last annual message I had the honor
t0 your houses the work of reorganization
of the State under the new constitution and the laws
enacted by you in pursuance thereof, at your late
session, has been largely performed. The officers
for whom provision was made, and in the various
judicial districts judges and district attorneys, have
been appointed, and these officers have proceeded to
the performance of their duties. It gives me pleas-
ure to state that the people have, I believe, gen-
erally seconded tho officers in their efforts to reestab-
lish order, and that an improved condition of affairs
is quite manifest. It is too early to speak from prac-
tical experience in respect to the working of many
of the new features of our constitution and laws, but
such defects as have been observed will be pointed
out to you, and the appropriate legislation asked to
remedy the same."
From Governor Altforn, of Mississippi, the
following dispatch has just been received :
Executive Office,
Jackson, Mississippi, March 17,1871.
Hon. A. Ames, United States Senate, and Georgk E.
Harris, J. L. Morphis, and L. W. Perce, Rouse
of liepresentatives, Washington, JD. C.:
I am informed that dispatches have been for-
warded to Washington derogating from the power of
this government to enforce the law. I desire to cor-
rect that misrepresentation, and to state that itfinds
no justification in fact. A riot occurred recently at
Meridian, but was promptly suppressed. The par-
ties are now undergoing legal investigation. Some
minor outrages have been committed on other points
of the Alabama border, in the night, by parties in
disguise. My only difficulty in these cases is to dis-
cover the wrong-doers, but that overcome, as I
confidently hope it will be, this government is abun-
dantly powerful to make them fear the consequences
of their crimes. Save in these cases, Mississippi
presents an unbroken evidence of civil obedience
and ordor. j ^ ALC0RNi
Govet noTi.
Governor Clayton, of Arkansas, in his mes-
sage of January 2, 1871, gives the following
unexpected but gratifying picture of the con-
dition of things in his State:
" You assemble trere under very propitious circum-
stances. The past year has boen one of great pros-
perity. The crops have been almost abundant, and
the season forgathering and securing them remark-
ably favorable. Tho spirit of public improvement
has awakened the liveliest interest among our peo-
ple, and in many portions of the State has given
substantial evidence of it by the inauguration and
rapid progress of important enterprises, which,
when completed, will be of incalculable benefit to
the State. Our population has been largely increased
by a healthy immigration. The wealth of the State
has been augmented by the influx of capital from
the older States, which our superior advantages and
undeveloped resources have at length attracted to
us. Our State credit has been established ; comity
8nd friendly relations exist between us and theother
States of the Union; our relations with the federal
.Government are harmonious and satisfactory; law
and order, peace and security, reign throughout, our
borders. Under the benign influence of our free in-
stitutions, and the faithful enforcement of tho laws,
old feuds are rapidly dying out, old animosities arc
being iorgotten, and old prejudices eradicated."
The following letter, for which I am also
indebted to the honorable gentleman from
New York, illustrates the political condition
of Tennessee, and the machinations on foot in
that State to fire the northern heart:
It is further charged that the people are banded to-
gether to resist the law, that they encourage masked
marauders, and connive at the murder of Union men
and negroes. They oven attempt to cite cases of
murder and give names of those murdered, That
there are cases of violation of law here we do not
deny; but they are not of more frequent occurrence
than in any other State of equal population. We
have taken occasion to examine the number of cases
of mob violence reported to the Executive of the
State, and know the truth of what we speak, and
we feel that we are fully sustained in the assertion
that fewer instances of such have occurred under
the administration of the present Executive than
during any period of time of equal length during the
administrationof Governor jBrownlow. To show
how these mischief-makers are belabored for in-
stances to sustain their charges, ono of the cases of
murder cited by them as of recent occurrence was
in 1866, and another more than twelve months ago,
and both while Senator Brow*vLOw was Governor of
the State. It is true there arc bad men among us,
who steal, rob, arid do acts of violence, without
regard to political opinions. That any considerable
portion of our people connive at such is a gross
slander upon a people who are orderly and strictly
law-abiding. As to the charge that the people en-
courage masked marauders, we know that the peo-
