542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
would be the Legislature now entitled to sit,
to wit, the Legislature-elect. A vacancy or
two have occurred of late, one by the death of
a member elected from the county of Floyd,
and I notice that the Governor has issued a
writ of election to fill that vacancy, which con-
vinced me that the Governor is of the opinion
that if he were to convene any Legislature at
all, it is the Legislature-elect; if he had occa-
sion for a Legislature between now and No-
vember, the time appointed by their predeces-
sors for their meeting, it would be this newly-
elacted Legislature that he must assemble. I
take it that concession is made when he issues
a writ of election to fill the vacancy.
Let us go back now to see the power of this
Legislature. And let me call the attention of
the Senate to a fact with which Senators are
familiar. One of the reasons for the adoption
of the act of 1866, as offered by different Sen-
ators at that time, was that, through the con-
tumacy of one house or the other of a State
Legislature, where they disagreed politically,
it sometimes happened that an election was
defeated; and Congress made a requirement
as to the time of election, making it uniform
so that it might not be avoided. Here, again,
I charge, is an effort on the part of a Legisla-
ture in Georgia to defeat this act of Congress
in regard to the election of Senators. How ?
By postponing the time of the election of the
Legislature first, and next and most palpably
by adjourning the convening of their success-
ors over a twelvemonth beyond the time of
their own adjournment, in order that they
might create a vacancy in the Senate from the
4th of March up to that time, and claim the
sympathies of the body for the State, that some
one might be admitted to fill the vacant chair.
But what becomes of the act which is declar-
atory and specific? The member whose term
commences after a Legislature is chosen must
be elected by the Legislature last chosen before
the commencement of that term. Could there
be a more monstrous usurpation deviled than
this of this old Legislature in Georgia attempt-
ing to put upon the country a Senator of their
own election and to supersede the power of
their successors in this respect, thereby most
grossly setting at naught the last expressed
will of the people ?
Talk of peace and quiet in the State of
Georgia! Pray, what would be thought by the
people of that State, without regard to party,
what would be said of them, if they should
be discontented, soured, and disgusted, that
after they had gone into a contest for a Legis-
lature, and, in the language of the Governor,
the election was as peaceable and as quiet in
the main as any one could be had in the State—
for he has said that of it—that it should all go
for naught; that, by the power the preceding
Legislature had to adjourn them over and to
make an election of a member to the Senate
of the United States, they had appropriated to
themselves this choice and had defeated their
successors effectually in making an election?
But, sir, I must call the attention of the Sen-
ate to another branch of this subject. I was
really in hopes the Senate might have passed
over this matter, as suggested by a Senator a
few days ago, which it might have done with-
out any great injury to the public interests.
It would have relieved me of a duty which is
by no means the most agreeable; but I am m
the habit of meeting duties as I meet dangers,
"plump,'' and I will not avoid this one. It
opens up a field of inquiry as to the personal
fitness of Mr. Blodgett to sit in this Senate.
It comes here in a memorial of Mr. Bryant,
the gentleman to whom I have referred, and
if the reasons that he sets forth in that memo-
rial are not sufficient, if they are verified, to
exclude a man from a seat in this Senate, I
cannot imagine anything that should not. I
shall ask at this stage that that memorial be
read to the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Is that to be read as part
of the Senator's speech?
Mr. HILL. If the Senator objects to its
reading, I will advert to it to save time. I
think it has never been read to the Senate. It
can be included in my speech if the Senator
dcsirss that
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator indorses
it, I have no objection to its being read. I
think it is a thing that ought not to be read
here. There is such scandalous matter in it
that it ought not to be read unless the Senator
indorses it and makes it part of liis speech.
If it is to be read as a memorial, I do not want
to hear it.
Mr. HILL. I say this in my place, that
Mr. Bryant is a respectable man, a man who
stands the equal of any citizen that I know
of in Georgia as an honest man and an upright
citizen. He makes these charges and says he
is able to prove them. I have not diligently
looked over his memorial. I know I have seen
parts of it before, but I do not know exactly
how much. I ask that the memorial be read
to the Senate. The Senator from Nevada asks
if I propose to include it in my speech. I
believe so much of it to be true—and I will
specify what particular parts I do believe to
be true—that I ask to include the whole of
it in my speech. #
Mr. STEWART. All right, then.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate of theUnited States:
The undersigned, a citizen of the State of Georgia
and a member of the late General Assembly of that
State, begs leavo respectfully to protest against the
admission of Foster Blodgett, esq., to a seat m your
honorable body as a Senator trom the State of
Georgia, for the following reasons, in addition to
those given in a memorial signed by Milton A.
Candler, esq., and other citizens of Georgia, which
has been presented to the Senate:
1. Said Blodgett was not elected at the time
required by law, in that he was not elected on the
second Tuesday after the meeting and organization
of the Legislature chosen next preceding the com-
mencement of the term for which he was elected;
but he was elected on the third Tuesday after the
reorganization of the Legislature chosen in 18(38, and
at the third session of said Legislature.
2. The Legislature which elected said Blodgett was
not legally organized, and it was composed, to a
great extent, of men who were not elected by the
people, but who secured seats in that body by force,
fraud, and revolutionary means of the most disgrace-
ful character. This result was accomplished by one
of the most infamous conspiracies ever organized in
this country, and second only to the attempt to
destroy the Government of the United States. One
of the objects sought to be accomplished was, I
believe, to elect said Foster Blodgett United States
Senator, and it was well understood in Georgia that
said Blodgett was the leader of the conspiracy. All
of which I am, I believe, prepared to prove.
3. He resorted to bribery to secure his election.
4. liis election being illegal, Ifurther respectfully
protest against his being seated on account of his
well-known bad character, believing that it would
be a disgiace to the State of Georgia and to the
United States Senate to allow him to occupy a seat
in your honorable body.
I was present and witnessed the reorganization of
the Georgia Legislature under the act of Congress
of December 22,18G9. I believe the means resorted
to by Blodgett and his associates to reorganize that
Legislature in his interest were the most disgraceful
ever before witnessed in a legislative body in this
country,
At that time Blodgett was superintendent of the
Western and Atlantic railroad, a road belonging to
the Slate of Geoigia, and at that time under the
exclusive control of the Governor, over whom Blod-
gett had a mysterious but powerful influence. A
man named Harris, sn oflicer on the "State road,"
was appointed by the Governor, in violation of the
act of Congress, to act as secretary pro tempore dur-
ing the organization of the Legislature. This man
assumed arbitrary power. He dictated to members
duly elected, both before and after they took the
required oath, and prevented them from taking part
in the organization except as he commanded. The
object to be gamed was evidently to prevent as many
persons opposed to the schemes of said Blodgett as
possible from taking the oath required by the act of
Congress under which the Legislature was reorgan-
ized, and put in their place the men having the next
highei-t number of votes, most of whom were known
to be friendly to said Blodgett.
The Legislature legally organized would contain
a majority of Republicans in each house ; but it was
known that mauy Republicans would oppose the
schemes of Blodgett, and it was necessary to turn
out enough members who were opposed to him to
overcome the votes of those Republicans. That
result could not be legally' accomplished, and it
was tnerefore necessary to resort to revolutionary
moans. Xiie conspiracy was admirably planned and
executed. It was all done in the namo loyalty.
Harris was probably the be3t man Blodgett could
have selected ia the State to perform the part as-
signed him. The attorney general of the State, at
the request of the Governor, gave an opinion in re-
gard to the eligibility of members of the Legislature
under the act of December, 1809, which w;^ not con-
sidered a correct construction of the law by m my
of the ablest Republican lawyers of the State. Many
thought that the object of the attorney general w.ts
to aid Blodgett in preventing members who were
entitled to take the required oath from doing so.
This opinion was printed and copies placed on the
desks of members previous to the meeting of the
Legislature, but on the same day; and a copy was
sent to each member from the cxecutivedepartment
before they took the required oath.
It was the avowed intention of Blodgett nnd his
associates to arrest for perjury any member who
should take the oath if in the opinion of the attor-
ney general of the State he was ineligible, although
it was well known that a majority of the judges of
the supreme court of the State did not agree with the
attorney general in his construction of the law. It
was ascertained by the conspirators that most of the
members, having consulted some of the ablest Repub-
lican lawyers of the State, including two of the judges
of the supreme court, would disregard the opinion
of the attorney general, act upon the advice ol these
lawyers, and take the oath. An appeal was there-
fore made to the general commanding the military
district to interfere in the organization of the Legis-
lature. He was asked by these conspirators to aid
the loyal people of the State, and, deceived by the^e
bad men, he did, by military orders, in violation of
the act of Congress, interfere. He decided who
were entitled to seats, and who should and who
should not take the required oath and act as mem-
bers of the Legislature. Aided by a general of tho
Union Army, these bold, bad men were victorious.
When the Legislature met, on the 10ih, of January,
Harris, the " State road " official, not a member or
officer of the Legislature, but a tool of Blodgett, as-
sumed the right to call the members to order. Some
of the members protested against this usurpation of
power, and disputed the right of this man thus to
dictate to them in the organization of a body to
which he did not belong. An attempt was made by
the members to elect aspeakerpro tempore, but they
weie prevented from doing so by Harris and his as-
sociates, some of whom, not members or officers of
the Legislature, drew pistols and threatened to shoot
duly elected members if they did not obey the com-
mands of Harris. The most disgraceful means were
resorted to by these usurpers to prevent men who
were opposed to their schemes from taking tho oath.
As this attempt to oiganize the Legislature by force
and fraud was being made, Foster Blodgett sat near
Harris, who held office on the State road under him,
evidently controlling his actions, and himself direct-
ing the whole proceedings. At that momcn r Blod-
gett was under indictmcnt for perjury in the United
States court, and, perhaps, (?) for that reason he was
anxious that other men should not be similarly
situated.
The usurpers were victorious. The Legislature
was organized as they desired. Members were in-
timidated and prevented from taking their seats, and
men, not elected by the people, seated in their places
to give Blodgett and his friends control of the Legis-
lature. I refer you. respectfully, to the statements
of M. J. Crawford, John C. Drake, aud J. 1L Pen-
land, marked Exhibit A, bond C. respectively pre-
sented with this memorial. Mr. Crawford says that
he believes he could take the required oath, but that
he was told " oneBlodgott had the papers in my case
in his possession ready for me if I took tho oath."
Mr. Drake says that he was prevented from taking
the oath by thicats, but he was informed if he would
vote for Foster Blodgett for United States Senator
that everything would be made right, and he could
retain his seat. These statements were made under
oath.
The Legislature, thus organized, elected said Blod-
gett United States Senator, and postponed the first
session of the Legislature to be elected in December,
1870.
As every provision of the law of Congress regulat-
ing the election of Senators was clearly violated in
the election of said Blodgett as Senator, and as the
facts can be established by undoubted proot that can
be immediately presented to your honorable body,
I further respectfully protest against his admr.-sion
to a seat in the Senate until his case has bt-cn in-
vestigated, because to seat him would be a di^graco
to the State of Georgia, to the Senate, and to the
Republic itself.
At the commencement of the late war Blodcrott
voluntarily raised a company called, in honor (?) of
himself, the Blodgett Volunteers. He entered the
rebel army as captain of that company. Soon after
the close of the war, and before his disabilities were
removed, he took the test-oath to got an office, upon
which oath was predicated an indictment lor peijury
fin the United States district court. Toe indictment
was found by a grand jury of Union men. all of
whom took the test-oath, and ali, or ne.uiy all, of
whom were northern men and Republicans
He succeeded in various wujv, and by excu-es
known to lawyers, in postponing a trial lot scvei.t)
terms and until tbe man before whom the <> >ih was
taken was dead ami some ono hail stolen the «nli
which had been on file in the Po*t Office Department.
Then he demanded atrial, andas the district attor-
ney was unable to prove that he had ta'um the oath,
although it was well known he had done so, he was
acquitted, thus by a trick escaping the penitentiary.
By such means as arc described a hove he has se-
cured an election as United States Senator.
# Your attention is respectfully called h>; lie follow-
ing aihdavits made by citizens of Au£u~t;t, Geor-
gia, who arc known to be gentlemen ol truth. The
