1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
originals are on file in the office of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue:
State op Georgia, Richmond Courtly;
Personally appeared Alexander Phillip, who, being
duly sworn, deposeth and saith that, on orabouttho
17th day of April, in the year 1861, he, as a justice
of the peace, was requested by Foster Blodgett to
preside at an election to be held for officers of a com-
pany styled the 44 Blodgett Volunteers," about en-
tering the service of the confederate States ; that at
said election he (Foster Blodgett) was elected cap-
tain ; that said company left Augusta, in said county,
on or about the 28th day of April in said year, with
orders to organize with the third Georgia regiment
in Virginia. At the election for officers of the said
regiment said Foster Blodgett was a candidate for
major, and used great energy to be elected, butwas,
however, defeated. Ho (the said Foster Blodgett)
with his company remained with said regiment at
Portsmouth, Virginia, until the latter part of August
or beginning of September of said year, when his
company was transferred and ordered to report at
Richmond. I asked him the reason for desiring the
transfer. He informed me that ho "thought the
colonel (A. R. Wright) was a coward and would not
be willing to go into a fight; that, for his part, he
wished the war carried on vigorously and the damned
Yankees driven out of the South." I saw but little
of Captain Blodgett after he left the regiment until
his return to Augusta, Georgia, in 1865, he then being
appointed postmaster. I entered the confederate
service as second lieutenant in company G of said
third regiment, butwas, upon the organization of the
regiment, appointed quartermaster, and held that
position in said regiment until about the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1864. We all entered the service voluntarily.
There was no coercion used to get any one into the
service at that time, for thero were more volunteers
offering than could be accepted.
ALEXANDER PHILLIP.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 24th day
of April, 1869. W. MILO OLIN, J. P.
State op Georgia, Richmond County:
Personally appeared J. L. Ells, who, after boirig
duly sworn, deposeth and saith that in the year of
our Lord 1861 he volunteered to serve in the third
regiment of Georgia volunteers; that ho was first
sergeant of company G of the aforesaid regiment;
that the regiment was thoroughly organized in Ports-
mouth, Virginia, early in the month of May, in tho
year aforesaid, by the election of field officers. At
that election Foster Blodgett, then captain of com-
pany X, otherwise called the "BlodgettVolunteers,"
was a candidate for major, but was defeated by A.
II. Lee, captain of company H. The said Foster
Blodgett, with his company, continued to perform
military duty in the said third regiment of Georgia
volunteers until some time early in the month of
August of the year aforesaid, at which time ho and
his command were transferred to another arm of
the service. Deponent further says that tho third
Georgia regiment aforesaid was composed entirely
of volunteers until subsequent to the 16th day of
April, in the year of our Lord 1862. Deponent
fui ther te&tifies that ho has made oath to substan-
tially the same fact herein contained before a grand
jury in the United States court, in tho city ot Sa-
vannah, in the State of Georgia, in the latter part
of the year of our Lord 1807, which grand jury re-
turned a true bill of indictment against the said
Foster Blodgett for perjury.
JOHN L. ELLS.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 23d day of
April, 18G9. W. MILO OLIN, J. P.
State ox? Georgia, Richmond County:
Personally appeared James A. Bennett, who, after
being duly sworn, deposeth and saith that, in tho year
1861, in the month of April, Foster Blodgett, John
Ilarpor, himself, anil one or two otiieis organized a
volunteer company in the city of Augusta, county
aforesaid ; that said Foster Blodgett was very ener-
getic in getting up the same, electioneered and was
elected captain of the same, (" the Blodgett Volun-
teers;") that said company was mustered into the
service of the confederate States on the 27th ot said
month, and left for Virginia on the following day,
with orders to organize with the third Georgia regi-
ment at Portsmouth ; said regiment was ordered to
elect field officers, and that said Foster Blodgett
opposed and ran against one A. H. Lee for the office
of major of said regiment, and used his best endeav-
ors to obtain his election, but was defeated; that at
the expiration of the year for which said company
went into service they reorganized, when said Fos-
ter Blodgett tried very hard to be reelected captain,
but, on failing, returned home. Deponent says that
said Foster Blodgett, in getting up said company, in
running lor major as aforesaid, and in running for
captain again, did so freely and voluntarily, as there
was no compulsion, coercion, or influence to bear on
him; that he persuaded most of the members to
joinsaid company, and that after arriving in Vir-
ginia he returned home, in Augusta, and obtained
about thirty more recruits.
Deponent further says that about the middle of
April, in the year 1861, said Foster Blodgett had just
been defeated by a very small majority for the office
of mayor of said city; that he told deponent that he
desired the office that he might be the first southern
mayor to take a company into the service, or words
to that effect.
JAMES A. BENNETT.
Sworn to and subscribed before mo this 23d day
of April, 1869.
W. MILO OLIN, J, P.
State op Georgia, Richmond County:
Personally appeared William W. King, who, be-
ing duly sworn, deposeth and saith that shortly after
Foster Blodgett'sdefeat by a small majority for a re-
election to the office of mayor of the city of Augusta,
in said county, in the month of April, in the year
1861, said Foster Blodgett stated to him that he was
very sorry deponent had not supported him; that
he had desired to be the first southern mayor to take
a company into service, or words to that effcct.
^WILLIAM W. KING.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 23d day
of April, 1869.
W. MILO OLIN, J. P.
State of Georgia, Richmond County :
Personally appeared James P. Fleming and Dan-
iel B. Thompson, who, after being duly sworn,
deposoth and saith that in the year 1861, just before
the commencement of hostilities between the Gov-
ernment oftho United States and some of tho south-
ern States, there was organized in the city of Au-
gusta, in said county, a vigilance committee, for the
declared and avowed purpose among themselves of
ridding tho community of all who were considered
spies, or in any manner opposed to tho action of the
State of Georgia, then claiming to have been a sep-
arate government, and particularly those suspected
of residing in said city whose sympathies were with
the United States, and that Foster Blodgett, then
mayor of the city, was among those (if not tho very
first man) who organized tho same, presiding at and
advising with their committees, and on resigning,
gave as his reason that he had been advised, as ho
was mayor of the city, not to remain with said vigil-
ance committee, but assured them that ho thought
the committeo right, and heartily approved of its
object; that said Foster Blodgett shortly afterward
organized a largo company, and went into the service
ot the confederate States.
JAMES P. FLEMING,
D.B. THOMPSON.
Sworn to and subscribed before mo this22d day of
April, 1869.
ALEX. PHILLIP. J. P.,
Three Hundred and jSinety-eighth District G. M.
State of Georgia, Richmond County:
Personally appeared John D. Butt, who, being
duly sworn, deposeth and saith that in or about the
month of March, 1806, Foster Blodgett, of this city,
told him, voluntarily, that ho, (the said Foster Blod-
gett,) who was then postmaster in this city, had
never taken the test-oath, but that his son (E. F.
Blodgett,) had taken it in his stead; and from tho
similarity of names they—meaning tho authorities
at Washington—did not know the difference; and
that he would come out and deny ever having taken
tho test-oath, but that his enomics would mako use
of it to turn him out of office.
JOHN D. BUTT.
Sworn to and subscribed before mo this 23d day of
April, 1869.
ALEX. PHILLIP, J. P.,
Three Hundred and Ifinety-eiyiiih Dish let G. M.
State of Georgia, Richmond County:
Personally appeared before mo. a notary public
of said State and county, Ker Boyce, who. being
duly sworn, deposes and says, on or about the 1st
day of April, 1866, a short time before the election
for mayor of tho city of Augusta, Mr. James T.
Gardner and Mr. Foster Blodgett were candidates
for that office ; that deponent was frequently asked
how he could support said Blodgett for said office,
knowing, as he did, that Blodgett was a captain of a
company in tho third Georgia regiment, and subse-
quent to the termination of the war had taken
tho test-oath in order that ho might be appointed
postmaster of this place; deponent replied to theso
constant inquiries that if it was proved that Blod-
gett had taken said oath he would not support him.
Deponent then called on said Blodgett, asking if
such was the case and stated that it was a public
rumor that ho (.Blodgett) had taken said oath, and
if it was true deponent would not support him. Mr. ;
Blodgett assured deponent that lie had not taken
said oath. Deponent I hen told Blodgett to come
out in the daily papers and deny it; that such reports
would injure him. Blodgett then said, " If I deny
it I will lose my position as postmaster, which is
worth more to me than the mayoralty." What
j Blodgottsaid satisfied me that he had not taken the
;|jtest-oath. Deponent then said he would support
[rum. Deponent was not aware that ho had taken
the test-oath until his appearance before the grand
j ury of tho United States district court at Savannah,
Georgia.
KER BOYCE.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21th day
of Aoril, 1809.
ALEX. PHILLIP, J. P.,
Richmond County.
Stat*, of Georgia, Richmond County:
Personally appeared George W. Summers, who,
being duly sworn, deposeth and saith that in the
year 18U5, shortly afterFoster Blodgett was appointed
postmaster in and for the city of Augusta, hocallcd
onsaid FosterBlodgett and tried to obtain, or rather
to get him to sign, a petition to obtain an appoint-
mentforayouug man bythename of "Moore/' when
said Blodgett remarked ho could not do so if said
Moore had over been in the confederate service. I
asked him how he came to occupy tho position of
postmaster. He replied that he had not taken the
test-oath.
GEORGE W. SUMMERS.
Sworn to and subscribed before mo this 23d day
of April, 1869.
y 7 ALEX. PHILLIP. J. P.
Three Hundred and JSinely-tiightk JDiitrict G. M.
state op georgia, Richmond County:
I, Ellery M. Brayton, clerk of the superior court
of said county, do certify that W. Milo Olin and
Alexander Phillip, whose signatures are attached
hereto, wero, at the time of the signing of thesame,
justices of the peace, and that Alexander Phillip is
now a notary public, duly authorized by law to
administer oaths.
Given under my hand and the seal of the superior
court this 27th day of April, 1869.
E. M. BRAYTON,
Per F. L. COOPER.
Deputy Clerk, 8. C. It. 01
[Seal Superior court of Richmond county.]
State or Georgia, Richmond County,
Clerk*8 Office, Superior Court:
I, Frederick L. Cooper, deputy clerk ofsaidcourt,
in and for said county, do hereby certify that tho
foregoing is a true and correct copy oftho above
affidavits, as taken from the originals.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the seal ofsaid court this 27th day
of April, 1869.
F. L. COOPER, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal Superior court of Richmond county.
These affidavits prove that Blodgett, immediately
after the commencement of tho war, assisted to
organizea vigilancecommitteo to murderTJnion men,
(see testimony of James P. Flemming and D. B.
Thompson ;) that ho entered the rebel army volun-
tarily and joined the third Georgia regiment of vol-
unteers long bofore the conscription act was passed,
and that he succeeded in having his oompany de-
tached from th.it regiment, giving as a reason that
he " thought the colonel (A. R. Wright) was a coward
and would not fight; that for his part he wanted the
war carried on vigorously and the damned Yankees
driven ont of the South/' (See testimony of Alex-
ander Phillip.) With this record still fresh in his
mind ho took the iron-clad oath.
In January, 1870. he was appointed by Governor
Bullock superintendent of the Western and Atlantic
railroad, a road belonging to the State, which at
that time was entirely under the control of tho Gov-
ernor. Colonel Ilulbert, a distinguished Republican
and an able railroad superintendent, was removed
and Mr. Blodgett appointed.
Under the administration of Colonel Ilulbert the
road paid into the State treasury $25,000 per month,
net earnings. When Blodgett took possession of the
road he found in tho treasury $140,000. the net earn-
ings of the road for September, October, November,
and December, which, by direction of the Governor,
Colonel Ilulbert had not paid into the treasury of
the State, although by law he was icquired to do so.
Blodgett had charge of tho road until the latter
part of December, 1870. nearly one year. During
that time he paid into the treasury of the Stato but
& 15,000. In September ho asked the General Assem-
bly to appropriate $01)0,000 to put the road in repair.
The real object wan, undoubtedly, to pay tho debts
of the road contracted during his administration.
The General Assembly refused to make that appro-
priation, and passed a law requiring the Governor
to lease the road to a responsible company. The
road lias been leased to a company composed of dis-
tinguished gentlemen, among whom are ex-Gov-
ernor Brown, of Georgia—for many years Governor
of that State, under whose management the " Stat©
road." was made to pay into the treasury of the Stato
from twenty-five to forty thousand dollars pci month,
net earnings—a.nd Senator Cameron', of your honor-
able body, a distinguished railroad man, of great
wealth and intelligence.
This company agree to pay to tho State &2>,000 per
month for tho use of the road twenty years. Blodgett
not only paid but $45,000 into the Treasury m one
year, but be run the road in debt to an immen&e
amount, estimated from five to seven hundred thou-
sand dollars. The amount is now being determined
by a committee appointed by the Governor for that
purpose. Thus, under the administration of Blod-
gett, the State lost $140 000 in the treasury of the road
when he took charge of it; 6300,000, theamount that
would have been paid into the trea^uiy of tho State
if the road had been honestly managed : and$."00,0(j0,
the estimated debt contracted under Bloiigett's ad-
ministration—making a total loss to the State of
$910,009 in one year. It is ehirgcd and believed that
tliH money was >tolcn b> Blodgett and his friends.
It is charged and believed that some of this mmey
wa-u-ed to biibe membersof the Leg'islatureto vote
for Blodgett for United States Senator.
The truth of these charges can be substantiated
by the public records of the State of Georgia, and
confirmed by the testimony of intelligent citizens
thereof.
With great reluctance I present this memorial to
your honorable body. A sense of du'y to my coun-
try and to my adopted State alone prompts me to
do so.
