306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. op Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Slater.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
appointment in their stead of military govern-
ors, councils, and courts under the plea that
the local authorities are in complicity with
or conniving at these unlawful combinations.
The citizen would languish inprison, to which
he would be dragged without warrant and
without cause other than such as malignity
might i nsinuate; his right to a speedy and public
trial by a jury of his country, to be informed
of the crime whereof he is accused, and to con-
front his accusers denied to him ; his privileges
and immunities as a citizen abridged; the equal
protection of the laws denied to him, and his
life, liberty, and property imperiled without
due process of law.
And now let me inquire what great neces-
sity impels to the enactment of this call ot the
nation to arms, for such it must be regarded,
and particularly when we remember the ex-
clamation of one of its most ardent supporters
qn this floor that "we are in the midst of war."
Have any of the States passed any law to
abridge the privileges and immunities of the citi-
zens of the United States ? Has any State passed
a law to deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law? Has
any State denied to any person the equal pro-
tection of the laws? No ; none of these things
are alleged, but it is urged as the reason for this
measure that masked marauders in the late
insurrectionary States, banded together with
secret oaths and grips, nightly commit depre-
dation upon the weak and defenseless; that
murders, whippings, and robberies are of daily
occurrence; that notwithstanding the courts
are open there is a failure of justice, and these
offenders go uuwhipped of justice ; that there
lias not been a single conviction of the Ku
Klux marauders throughout the entire South.
This is certainly a most horrid picture; but
1 venture to suggest to the other side of the
House that it may be just a little exaggerated
mid considerably overcolored. Sir, I shall not
deny that -there are disorders at the South,
much less to palliate them. I believe there
are disorders at the South, but I also believe
that they are sporadic and not general. But,
sir, taking all that is charged against the South
to bo true; that these masked marauders make
night hideous with their crimes; that though
the courts, State and Federal, are open, grand
juries refuse to find indictments and petit ju-
ries refuse to convict, in what way, pray tell
me, is this measure to improve affairs? Is it
the purpose, under this measure, to place a
guard at the cabin of every negro and loyal
llepublican throughout the South? Or is it
the purpose to arrest on suspicion and try,
convict, and punish without evidence, through
the agency of military courts-martial, persons
against whom accusations may be made cou-
nectmcthein with these outrages?
1 f we are to believe the nurses of this national
patient, the disease is elironic. For six years,
sir, Itadical nostrums have been administered
without stint, and instead of improvement,
it is admitted by the nurses and doctors that
things grow worse, until it has been suggested
by one that it might be well to inquire whether
the patient is not being doctored to death.
The suggestion was certainly well-timed and
pertinent. Six years of repressive legislation
have failed to restore quiet and order in the
South; and now, sir, as a last resort, it is
proposed to end where you began, in military
rale, in 18G5 the South came out of the
rebellion scorched, seared, and desolated by
the devastations of a four years' war. Mis-
guided she had been, but fearfully had she
paid for it. At that time the civil govern-
ments which had survived the rebellion were
displaced, and provisional ones, under military
governors, were established in their stead.
In 1866 reconstruction began by disfran-
chising the intelligent whites and enfranchis-
ing the negroes, thereby placing the control
of those States in the hands of the ignorant
and unscrupulous at a time when the most
enlightened statesmanship was needed to reor-
ganize society in its then chaotic state. From
time to time these States, one after another,
have been reconstructed and re-reconstructed
whenever it suited partisan purposes, and the
people have been wholly, or to a great extent,
deprived of local self-government; they have
been harassed and plundered by the men who
were foisted into power through the instru-
mentality of these odious reconstruction meas-
ures, denied the privilege of electing the men of
theirthoice to office, burdened with taxes, and
their substance eaten out by a horde of parasites
and vagabonds. Is it to be wondered at that
there is unrest, bickerings, and outbreaks at
the South: that men, perhaps of turbulent
spirits, cannot be controlled, and let their
temper get the better of their judgments?
But it is urged that the negro and the white
Republican are hunted, whipped, and scourged
on account of their political opinions, and
reference is made to the evidence taken before
the Senate committee in the case of North
Carolina to establish the accusation. "Well,
sir, I will not undertake to dispute the fact
that most of those who appear as having been
thus abused arc Republicans; and here let me
say that generally it also appears that they
have been engaged in some thieving, burning,
or other disreputable operation, which has been
provocative of their chastisement. In order
to show the nature of these outrages, their
causes, and the class of people upon whom
they have been inflicted, I now propose to
read from the evidence of George Laws, of
Hilisboro, Orange county, North Carolina,
who has been in office for forty-two years, and
for eighteen years clerk of one court or an-
other in that county, and was at the time clerk
of the superior court and judge of probate. I
select this witness because he appears calm
and dignified iu his deposition, unbiased by
partisau spleen or local prejudices, and his
position is such as to enable him to know
whereof he speaks. The only point wherein he
is in the least antagonized by the Radical wit-
nesses is that they say that the Ku Klux always
gave out that their victims have been guilty of
some offense, which was only pretense. I now
quote from page 195:
Question. You say you ivero born and raised in
Worth Carolina?
Answer. Yes, sir; in Orange county.
Question. You know tho people of that county
intimately?
Answer. Oh, yes, sir.
Question. 1 understand you to say that after tlio
close ot tho war tho emancipated negroes were
formed into Leagues, and that tliey were idle and out
of employment V.
Answer. Yes, sir; they refused to work, and wero
thrown out of employment.
Question. Did that bring them into want?
Answer. Oh, yes, sir; there was a groat deal of
suilering.
Question. Did that want bring them into crime?
Answer. No doubt about it.
Question, Describe tho condition of things pro-
dueod by their refusing to work.
. Answer. It was just common larceny—breaking
into smoke-houses, stealing baeon, sheep, hogs, and
sometimes a whole beef. Wo could only try them
lor larecny.
Question. Was there any safety in tho county for
sucliproperty during ISliS and 1SG6 ?
Answer. No, sir; none at all until this other
organization sprung up.
Question. What is called tho Ku Klux?
Answer. Yes, sir.
This shows the condition at the close of the
war. I again quote from pages 190 and 101 to
show the progress of this evil and the Radical
agencies which have fostered and nourished it:
_ Question. What opportunities have you for know-
ing the state of security of persons and property in
the county of Orange for the last fow years ? Give
us your means of knowledge, and what is tile condi-
tion of things existing there.
Answer. I think I can state it- There was a great
deol ot' confusion there at the timo of the surrender
m ISoo. Ihe eolorcd population, as thoyare tormed,
were thrown upon us. and they were not disposed to
work at that time, Ihe conscience was that tliey
had no way of making a living, and had to resort to
theft. There was a great deal of trouble in that way.
We had no courts open, and the magistrates of tho
county, who were appointed by the provisional gov-
ernor, drew up a petition, and I was the bearer of it
myself to Governor Holden, to give us a jury court
twice a year, but he refused to grant us the petition.
The negroes got up what we called Leagues in our
county. I know nothing about them myself. They
were societies. I do not know whether they were
secret or not. They were known as Leaguers. I do
not suppose there was much sccrecy about them.
There was a great deal of depredation committed
through the country, and there was no law to pro-
tect the citizens. Then it is reported (I know noth-
ing of it except from report, and I am glad I know
nothing about it) that another organization, known
as the Ku Klux, was got up to operate against the
League societies. Some people deny their being Ku
Klux, but I think that where there wasso much smoke
there must have been some fire. There isnonein ex-
istence there now, and J do not think there has been
any for the last eighteen months. Things got better
after awhile. The reason why I can speak positively
aboutan organization of that kind is that in August,
1808, a company came to our town, forced open the
jail, and took out two negroes. One of them got shot
some way—accidentally, as I learned—and ho died
twelve or fourteen days afterward. The other negro
was tried regularly, and clcared. The transaction
that it grew out of was this: a man by the name of
Jones had a freedman, a colored man, living on his
land. lie could not get clear of him, and he resorted
to the law, got out his process, and put it in tho
hands of an officer. Ho got what we call there a writ
of possession, turned the man out, and put hi's things
in the road. There were William M. Jones, James
E. Minor, the officer, and Jesse W. Morrow, who was
summoned to go with the officer and assist him. The
evidence came out in my court (that is the way I got
hold of it) that this colored man, Jeff. Morrow, was
determined to have satisfaction, but intended to de-
lay it until atter harvest. After these three men had
got their wheat all cut and housed in thcirHbarns
they were all set on firo and in a light blaze at one
time; you could stand and sco them all burning at
once.
By Mr. Bayard:
Question. The barns of tho three men who had
executed the lawful proccss of the court?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Their barns were set on fire after they
had executed the proccss?
Ansioer. Yes, sir; and this company or organiza-
tion, whatever it was, arrested the two negroes, who
were taken out of tho jail, and some others, who
were hung. It leaked out just before the boy was
tried. It was in Orange, just on the lino where
Chatham, Orange, and Alamance join.
By the Chairman:
Question. Were those negroes who were taken out
of the jail suspectcd of being the parties who burned
tho barns?
Answer. Yes, sir. I understand there was a paper
pinned on the backs of thoge that were hung, al-
leging that they were hung for burning these barns.
The other boy was tried and acquitted. Another
negro was hung in Orange county, in a northwest
dircctio'n from Hilisboro. The allegation for that
was that he was a great terror to white ladies and
impudent to them. And he was taken out of a house
from with one. Another was hung about eleven
miles Irom Hilisboro for making a bad proposition
to a very respectable young lady, li o was too near
a house to accomplish his purpose at that time; but
he told her that she might make up her mind that
he intended to have it, and then ho would leave. I
suppose she told some of the young men there, and
they were aroused and hun? him. I believe those
arc all the depredations or crimes committed in my
county. There was some little scourging through
the neighborhood (but that was a neighborhood
transaction) by the boys, and by some of the negroes,
too. Some paupers ot our pooi-house, about five
miles from town, wcro whipped. A colored woman
was whipped, lsaw her, and heard lior give her evi-
dence. She said she knew one of the men to be a
colored .man, but she did not know the others.
Question. Where negroes are arrested foroiFcnscs
of this kind committed by them, is there any diffi-
culty in having them convicted, upon proper trial
and testimony, m the corn ts ?
Answer. No, sir: I think none in the world. I
think we have as fair-minded men there as there
are m the world.
Question. What, then, is the justification for pro-
ceeding to punish them without law V
Answer. Well, sir, it was just hot-headed work,
lhe outrages were so notorious that they thought
they would put them down, I suppose. In fact, our
laws will not punish by whipping or death anything
except murder, I believe. As to the penitentiary,
well, our Governor pardoned some of them before
they got inside the gate.
To show still further the means resorted to by
the so-called Union League to carry out their
purposes and designs, i now quote an affidavit
made by one Wilson Dewer, a colored man,
who with anumber of others have been recently
convicted of arson and are now in the peniten-
tiary. And I may say that this man is entirely
