1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
used prejudicially to his charaotcr as a gentleman.
His misfortune lay in the fact that ho was the friend
ot reconstruction when that policy and every one
connected with it were the objects of such abuse and
vilification as has seldom been known in any of our
previous history of political struggles. Had Mr.
Blodgett taken the popular side in ttie controversy
he would have remained in his private character
unassailed; and as the provocation was in his polit-
ical opinions adversely thereto, X have always ex-
pressed the injustice of weighing such newspaper
diatribes against hira as not only calumnious in
themselves, but unjust to Ms character as a gen-
tleman.
I have not agreed with Mr. Blodgett entirely, or
with the party he has been so conspicuous a member
of; but I have had the strongest testimony of how
unscrupulous and unjust the newspapers have been
to tnose who dared a difference of political opinion.
Outside this barbarous prosecution,commenced in
prejuuice and ending in acquittal, Mr. Blodgett's
character stands ashigjh as any man's, his friends aro
numeious and potential in this State, and my con-
viction of his entire innocence is founded on the
positive evidence examined by myself as his counsel
in this case.
I have nothing to do with his aspirations to the
Senate, but common truth and justice demand at
my hands this tribute to his innocence and personal
chiractcr
Respectfully, A. N. LOCHRANE.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, United States Senator.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I have the pleas-
ure of knowing Judge Loehrane very famil-
iarly. He is my personal friend, and the per-
sonal friend of everybody else that I eversaw.
I will say that for him. I have never seen a
man that Judge Loehrane was not the friend
of, and I never expect to see one, nor to see
one who is uotthe friend of Judge Loehrane,
as I am myself. He is a man who provokes no
animosities in the world. You cannot make
one with him. He will not have it. He will
not allow you to do it. He is now enjoying
the otium cum dignitate of the supreme bench.
He is chief justice of Georgia, by appointment
of the Governor. He is a fortunate man. fie
was the Democratic nominee for Congress in
1868, was defeated—I never heard of his chang-
ing his opinions—and is now, by the appoint-
ment of his Excellency Bufus B. Bullock,
chief justice of the supreme court of Georgia.
So much for that. He was the intimate friend,
to my knowledge, after two days' acquaintance,
of Sir Frederick Bruce, with whom he dined
in this city by invitation, and one of the guests
informed me on that occasion t.hey had twenty-
one different sorts of wine on the table. He
walked into the dinner-table with Lady Elgin
on his arm, and now he has a little boy, four
years of age, named in honor of the event,
Elgin Loehrane. [Laughter.] I dismiss that.
Let me advert now, so far as my knowledge
goes, to the history of my section of the
country about the time that Fort Sumter fell.
A great many flocked to Charleston to see the
first gun fired by that crazy old man, Edmund
Ruffin. After the fall of Fort Sumter there
was a rush made, on a call of Governor Brown
for volunteers. He wanted two regiments,
according to my recollection, and "there was
arming in hot haste.'' There was the greatest
display of gewgaws and tinsel that I ever
beheld in my life. It was really refreshing to
meet a citizen who did not affect the military.
The boys of sixteen were panting for commis-
sions. Such was the rush that the metropolis
in a week was crowded, the aisles of the cap-
itol and the halls of the executive mansion
were thronged with th£ young, the old, and
middle aged. They came "as the waves
come when navies are stranded." They were
there in force besieging his Excellency the
Governor for commissions. I call that "the
one to ten era." I have often adverted to it
in that way. The orators of the secession
party were going over the State inflaming the
public mind, and telling even the youth of
the country that any one of them was equal
to any ten Yankees who could be put in the
field, and that sentiment came uppermost in
everybody's mind, and so it passed with me in
that way as the "one to ten era." "He did
not want a better fight than that; give him
one chance against ten, and he was satisfied."
Such was the talk.
42d Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 35.
In the midst of this/wro?', the success that
Mr. Blodgett met with in so short a time was
a matter of some astonishment. Within a
few days, not more than ten or eleven, after
the fall of Fort Sumter, he had obtained a
commission from Governor Brown, who be-
longed to the opposite party, for Mr. Blodgett
had been a Whig and had opposed secession
before secession came. I do him full justice
on that score. But he went immediately ,to
Milledgeville to procure this commission, and
he was successful in getting it. He uniformed
handsomely a company that bore his name.
He took that company to Virginia, and at
Portsmouth ran against Augustus Lee, of the
county of Newton, for major of his regiment.
He was defeated. There was some row or
other between him and General Wright, who
was elected colonel of the regiment, and after-
ward there was a court-martial, of which I
have heard. Subsequently the company be-
came an independent organization as an artil-
lery company. As a scrap of history, in con-
nection with it, let me mention that there was
a famous Rhode Island battery, a part of
whose guns were lost at the first Manassas or
Bull Run fight. This Blodgett artillery be-
came the owner of two of those brass guns.
That was a feather in its cap, or might have
been so considered if they had been won in
open fight; but I have always been informed,
and I think the true history is, that they were
bought with a certain sum of money and paid
for by au aged citizen of the city of Augusta.
At all events the Blodgett artillery had the
guns.
I remember a little circumstance connected
with this "one to ten _/««>?'" thatoecurred, and
it is a little instructive. It was after the series
of defeats in 1863 that the southern armies
had sustained. Gettysburg had been fought
and Vicksburg bad fallen. I was dining with
an ardent friend, a man of intelligence, one
day at a restaurant in Augusta, and he was
trying to persuade me even then that the
southern armies were going to be successful,
when there came into the room a young man,
care-worn and battle-stained and ina colonel's
uniform. He said he was from Virginia.
Hearing my name, and remembering to have
heard his father speak of me as a friend of
his, he introduced himself. I invited him to
dine with us, and he did so. Introducing him
to my frieud, my friend soon said to him that
if he was any judge of the human countenance,
he belonged to that gallant class of men who
would never yield the struggle as long as he
could have as good a fight as five to one. The
colonel looked at him and said, "Have you
ever tried that sort of a fight?" " No, sir,"
replied my friend, " I have never been in the
army; I have been a civilian." "Well,"
said the colonel, "I have had about as many
of them as I want to try, and let me advise
you not to get into one if you can help it;
one to one will do me for the balance of my
time."
But, sir, "one to ten" was the feeling at
the time that this commission was issued.
Everybody wanted to go. You could not keep
the boys at home. Fathers and mothers were
struggling to do so in vain. They all wanted
to go. As for staying at home or wanting to
stay, it was not supposed that anybody did.
Glory never presented itself so cheaply before,
and who could forego it? The most eloquent
of orators had told the people, on stump after
stump, that "the Yankees would not fight if
they could, and could not if they would,'' until
the country believed it, and all were acting
upon that hypothesis.
Every man who had an ambitious dream of
a political future, who saw before him visions
of a seat in a State Legislature, or, perhaps, in
a House of Congress, or even higher still in a
body like this, was " eager for the fray." The
great difficulty was to keep them back, there
were so many more presenting themselves than
were wanted. By some strange coincidence,
I have never heard of anybody at that time
that complained of anybody for not wanting
to go to the war. I know I was in the habit
of saying openly myself, as I continued to say,
and say yet, that it was an infamous cruelty to
make a man go who had no agency in getting
up the miserable war, and that I always openly
denounced the wretched conscription that tore
the youth from their firesides and drove them
to bloody fields.
I do not like to recur to this thing at this
day. I know nothing about the vigilance com-
mittee at Augusta, of which there is testimony
in these affidavits. What is testified may be
true or it may be false. The newspapers say
that while Mr. Blodgett was at the Chicago
convention of 1868, a man brought a suit and
held Mr. Blodgett to bail for damages done to
him by a vigilance committee while he was
mayor of the city of Augusta, and that there
was a recovery in that case. I do not know
what has been the result of it, whether the
recovery has been paid or not.
There is another very grave matter presented
here to the Senate by Mr. Bryant. It is the
gravest possible; it is the charge of bribery in
procuring this election. While my mind is ou
that, I will state that I hold in my hand a letter
from a man who was a Republican and a
member of the State convention that framed
our present constitution, an appointee to a
judicial office by the Governor, and confirmed
by the State senate, whose letter reads in these
words:
"Dear Sir: The nature of the information X have
against Blodgett is this: bribery. He told me him-
self he had to a member of the Legislature ''—
I presume the word "given'' is omitted after
"had "—
"8150 to get him to vote right, meaning to vote fol-
ium for United States Senator. I am hard up for
money and cannot toll how'I could come to Wash-
ington ; but if I can do any good, I will try to come..
This is strictly true and confidential. X will qualify
to it if necessary."
The letter is not addressed to me, and I am
not at liberty to expose the name of the writer;
but the name is at the use of the Senate when-
ever the Senate requires it. This letter will
remain in my possession. That is certainly a
very grave charge. It is a matter of history
that Sir. Blodgett did receive several Demo-
cratic votes. He would have us believe the
Democrats were peculiarly inimical to him ;
buthedidget Democratic votes. If he charged
me with being very agreeable to the Democ-
racy, as somebody does occasionally, that
would not have been a matter of much aston-
ishment. I do not know who it is that takes
the pains to forward long special telegrams to
the Atlanta New Era, which 1 must do the
paper the credit to say it makes no allusion to
in its editorials. Here is one of March 21,
which I will send to the Clerk to have read,
the object being to show my identification with
the Democratic party, as though that had any-
thing to do with this case.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Report of the Committee on Privileges and Elections —
Senator Blodgett probably seated to-day.
[Spccial to tho Era.]
"Y/asiiincton, March20,12m.~TheElection Com
mittce will report to-day in favor of Hon. Foster
Blodgett's right to his seat in the Senate. The com-
mittee stands four ior to two against—-Hill and
Tiiurxun'. two Democrats, dissenting. The case
will probably be disposed of by the Senate without
delay.
"IjATER—7p. m.—Tho Senate Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, consisting of Messrs. Stewart,
Moiiton, Hamlin, Rice, Hill, and Thubhan, to
whom were referred the credentials of Hon. I^oster
Blodgett,made their reportlhis afternoon. The four
former favored the admission of Mr. Blodgeit, tho
two latter opposed.
"At tho close of the reading of the report Mr.
Hill presented a memorial pretending to have been
received from Georgia, against the admission of Mr,
Blodgett, which is known to have been written by
the notorious J. E. Bryant, after the action of tho
committee was known.
"This memorial was ordered to bo printed. Ac-
tion on tbe report of the committee was then post-
poned until the morning hoar to-morrow, when a
decision will be reached.
"There is no doubt now of the admission of Mr.
