mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
the only course open to him; if he believes that the
emergency so pointedly described in his paper still
exists, is to convene that body forthwith, in order
that, if it concur in his views, it may duly make the
appeal which is now made by himself."
As I have said, tills paper, with its indorse-
ment. was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction. The committee heard the case on
both sides, and at great length. I am not pre-
pared to say what was the result or how the
committee of fifteen were divided. Certain it
is that final consideration was postponed and
the proofs taken were never brought to light,
although we, who then represented the State,
were exceedingly anxious they should be made
public, and have again and again requested it.
I hold in my hand a copy of the Chattanooga
Daily Times, a Democratic newspaper, of
March 23, 1871, which has a leading editorial
headed "The Outrage Business," referringto
a speech made by Senator Sherman, which is
described as a Radical speech, a speech taking
ground in favor of putting down the Ku Klux
outrages with the strong arm of the Govern-
ment, &c. And then follows this declaration,
to which I call the attention of the House as
an admission from a political opponent, and
with that I sliall leave this branch of the dis-
cussion and pass on to something else:
"Now no person pretends to deny that crimes,
outrages if you will, are committed in the South by
organized bodies of masked marauders, some of
whom probably belong to a secret political society
known to the world as Ku Klux."
That is an admission which comes from the
friends of the gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
read the balance of that article.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] chooses to read
it after I have finished, he is welcome to the
use of the paper. I can neither consume my
limited time in reading an article of such
length, nor do I approve of the sentiments
expressed in it. It is only in proof of a state
of facts, so often denied npon the other side of
the House, that I introduce this one declara-
tion as the admission of an opponent.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The gentleman knows
very well that what he has read does not give
the idea of the author of the article; that the
quotation he has read does not truly represent
the article itself,
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not pretend to give
the writer's general views nor to present his
argument. He states a fact. I use it. That
is all. II the gentleman thinks he knows more
about it than 1 do, or if he thinks he can make
more use of the article, or a different use of it,
or any use that will benefit him or his friends,
he is at liberty to do it. But I hope he will
excuse me from consuming my time.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. 1 do not pretend to
know more about it than the gentleman from
Tennessee does. I know I do not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall not go into an
argument to show that a condition of things
exists in many parts of the South making life
and properly insecure, and that it is not occa-
sional, isolated violence, but that it is organ-
ized, that there are organized bodies of men
who are acting with a common purpose, a com-
mon intelligence. In view of this state of things
the President of the United States the other day
sent a special message calling our attention to
it, and stating that, in his judgment, the law
was inadequate for the emergency, and ask-
ing us to clothe him with the requisite power.
We Lave not forgotten how, when that mes-
sage was introduced, gentlemen on the other
side commenced a process of what is called
" filibustering," to delay, postpone, put off:
1 ask tine House if there ever has been a time
when this Government sought to lay its hands
upon the rebellion, either before the war., or
during the war, or since, that gentlemen on the
other side of the House have not invariably
interposed to break the force of the blow?
Has there been such an instance? No, not
one!
Now, Mr. Speaker, with such continual ex-
hibitions of sympathy from the whole Demo-
cratic party, is it any wonder that we have
disturbances in that part of the country? After
listening to the speech of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] does auybody wonder
that there are Ku Klux in the South? Just
imagine what that speech would be, delivered
in the rural parts of Kentucky; and you have
but a sample of thousands of such speeches
that are made all over the southern country.
If any of you will take the trouble to examine
the southern press you will find it, day after
day and week after week, reiterating and rever-
berating the same sentiment, denouncing the
colored man, the "nigger," who is to every
defeated rebel a standing monument of humili-
ation, denouncing him as governed by the very
worst counsel and as acting under the very
vilest passions known to the human breast.
Every man who goes there from the various
States of the North, under the provision of
the Constitution that ''the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States,"
goes there it may be with his capital and his
industry seeking a home, seeking a milder and
more salubrious climate, seeking.an opening
from an overcrowded population ; goes there
from choice and in the exercise of an udoubted
right. Yet you hear him held up with scorn
and contumely as a "carpet-bagger," to use
the phrase of the gentleman from Kentucky,
reiterated in this House, I know not how
many times, and out of it I know not how many ■
more, as a man that is "sent" down there as
an emissary, a spy for the vilest and worst pur-
poses. Then you have the "scalawag," the
native Unionist, the native loyal man, the
native Republican, held up to odium as the
enemy of his region, as the enemy of his peo-
ple, who has sold himself to the enemies of
his country.
When these things are rung in and rung out
with every variety of aggravation upon a peo-
ple who hear them and nothing else, you can
well understand how it is that there are these
organized bands, estimated in the State of
North Carolina to number forty thousand, and,
perhaps, a proportionate number throughout
the entire South. You can very well un-
derstand how" they go out on their nightly
orgies of burning, scourging, and murder.
You can understand how they should devise
some plea of self-justification; nay, more,
how, like the misguided zealot of an earlier
persecution, they should think within them-
selves that they "ought to do many things
contrary to the name" of the maligned and
hated "Radicals," shutting them "up in
prison," giving their "voice against them"
when they are put to death, punishing them
oft, and compelling them to blaspheme, and
being exceedingly mad against them, perse-
cuting them "even unto strange cities." You
can understand how these instances of suffer-
ing and outrage and cruelty arouse and excite
so little attention and sympathy in commun-
ities where nine tenths of the people regard
them as at most but irregular justice, andhave
no feeling for the victims but that itserve3 them
right. And in that light I was very grateful
to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
for giving us a sample ol the sort of material
that passes for oratory and argument and elo-
quence throughout so largo a portion of the
southern country.
The President's message, b§wever, by the
prevailing good sense of the House was referred
to a committee, and they have reported a bill
of four efficient sections, the fifth section not
being important.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman proceeds to the consideration of the
bill, will he permit me to ask him a question
for information?
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
know of my friend from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] whether the trouble is with the execu-
tive authorities of the State, or with the courts,
or with the administrative officers of the courts,
the sheriffs, and persons of that sort, or is it
with the juries? Where is now the trouble
about the execution of the law and the preser-
vation of the peace? I ask the question wholly
for information.
Mr. MAYNARD. So I understand.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want the gen-
tleman, who is familiar with the subject, to tell
us what the trouble is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will take the case as
presented by Governor Senter, of Tennessee.
The Legislature had stripped him of all execu-
tive authority by repealing laws that had been
passed with the view of giving the Executive
power to protect the citizens of the State. They
had repealed the Ku Klux law, the militia
law, thejury law, the law allowing Union sol-
diers to go armed, to say nothing of the com-
mon carriers' law and the laws for the protec-
tion of the poor laborer. Laws were also re-
pealed that had been passed giving the sheriffs
power to call upon an armed posse to support
them. Governor Senter, in his message, as we
have seen, did not hesitate to charge that the
men who by their official position were clothed
with power to prevent and repress these troubles
were in complicity with the organized, armed,
and disguised authors of them.
Why, sir, it was but the other day that I was
alluding to it—it may have been two weeks ago,
I think it was hardly so long—a band of dis-
guised men in the county of Rutherford, in
which county is the city of Murfreesborough,
went at night to the house of Wiley Kimbro,
an old colored man, who was there with his
family and perhaps a kinsman, and attempted
to break and to enter his domicile by force.
While they were endeavoring to do that, the
owner, under these circumstances of menace
and terror, from his humble "castle of de-
fense" fired and killed one of the party and
.drove off the rest. The man killed was found
to be the constable of the district, and one of
the others was the sheriff of the county.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to tell us the name of the one who was
killed, and to state of what politics he was
and what was the occasion of the outrage ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not acquainted with
any of the parties. The information I have is
that the man who was killed was not of my
politics ; and perhaps that is as far as I should
go. For I protest that these outrages shall
not go unredressed, by whomsoever perpe-
trated. If Republicans are guilty let them bear
the odium and suffer the punishment; let jus-
tice be done, fall where itmay. Protection for
all, impunity for none.
Mr. BRIGHT. Was not the name of the
party Inman, and was he not a Federal sol-
dier ? Is the gentleman informed on that sub-
ject?
Mr. MAYNARD. In the published accounts
he is called Pat Inman. i am not informed
about his military services; possibly I have
seen a statement to the effect that perhaps he
had been at one time or another in both armies.
About that lam not at all certain. I have
alluded to the fact to show that he was a repre-'
sentative man; he was an officer, the chosen
of that people, and I imagine, from my knowl-
