1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
of Dr. Miller and was defeated. We come
down to 1870; by this time we know that our
distinguished Attorney General has gained a
position in the public mind of the nation of
some prominence, enough to have attracted the
notice of the President of the United States to
him, to have induced him to think that he was
a fit and proper person to place near him as
his legal adviser. But it did not occur to this
man of ability, this ripe scholar, that there was
any vacancy there for the Senate of the United
States. It did not occur to Governor Brown,
who confesses that he was very anxious to be
a member of this body, that there was any
vacancy for him. Neither was presented or
named; neither of them got a single vote ; no-
body said once" Let us elect Governor Brown,"
or, "Let us elect Mr. Akerman to the Senate
nor was any other name suggested to the Legis-
lature for this six years' term but that of Poster
Blodgett.
Does any one suppose that Mr. Blodgett or
any one else will be permitted to walk over
the track in Georgia in that way and take a
Senator's place for six years with nobody to
gainsay him? That would argue, indeed, a
degree of universal and overwhelming popu-
larity beyond that ascribed to Mr. Blodgett by
Judge Lochrane, and, what I am not willing to
concede, that he is so far in advance of all
other citizens of the State as for such a thing
as that to occur. It was simply because no
well informed lawyer believed that there was
a Senator to be chosen at that time, that that
Legislature had any power to make the selec-
tion of one, or believed that this body would
permit a selection when made to be ratified,
thereby defeating the successors of that Legis-
lature in the selection of their own choice.
I am very sorry in passing over these things
to have had to detain the Senate as long as 1
have, but a thousand things might be said of
it which do not occur now, and perhaps many
things that might be omitted just as well, be-
cause they are things more of local than of
national interest. We have passed through
some curious scenes in Georgia, and among
them none have been more tryiug to the patience
of tax-payers than the singular things in regard
to our great State road. There is the loss of
$140,000 left by Hurlbert, and only $45,000
was paid into the treasury during the whole
year that Mr. Blodgett had its management,
and it was overwhelmed with a debt of $500,000,
about three hundred thousand dollars of which
has, I think, already been paid by the State
treasurer since Blodgett left the office; and,
stranger still, a great company, giving* bond
with the securityships of the great railroads of
Georgia for $8,000,000, steps forward and offers
to pay, taking the road as it was, for $25,000
a month into the treasury of the State for
twenty years, which they have done with won-
derful punctuality, to the day, since they took
it; and yet the State received during the time
Blodgett had charge of it not one cent except
the $45,000, when there was $140,000 on
hand when he was inducted into office. Is
it wonderful that the tax payers should ask the
question, what has became of the earnings of
this great State road? What sort of officials
have possession of the government of the State
of Georgia, that the tax-payers are thus plun-
dered? What tax-payer cau go up and pay
the rate upon his property during the year
without feeling that he is unjustly deprived of
money?
Stranger than all, a company is formed and
competes with the successful one for the lease
of this road, known as the Seago Blodgett
Company, which makes the offer of $36,000 a
month for the lease of the road for twenty years,
and now stands complaining that the Governor
did not give it to them, his excuse being that
their security was not' sufficient. The same
man at the head of the road joins a company,
one who could pay nothing mto the treasury,
having $140,000 to start bn, and keeping the
road tor about twelve mouths—no earnings
but $45,000 during the time; and yet this com-
pany offers $36,000 a month for twenty years.
What does that mean? When the tax payer sees
this, can you wonder that he feels aggrieved?
I speak for myself. The day was under the
management of Governor Brown, who was a
Democratic Governor, and never had my sup-
port, but who, I undertake to say, did manage
with the same frugality that he does his own
private affairs the financial affairs of the State
of Georgia, when he made the road a great pay-
ing investment, and thereby almost relieved
the people of that State of taxation. The road
has increased immensely in its freights and in
its passage-money ; it has doubled in ten years,
and yet the State has received nothing from it
worth mentioning.
This is one of the grave charges. I do not
know whether it is a proper one to consider
here. I do not think it is. Perhaps it might
involve too much examination. Mr. Bryant
brings it here, and therefore in talking about
the personal fitness of Mr. Blodgett for a seat
upon this floor, I confine myself to the two alle-
gations in this bill of indictment of Bryant's
against him; that he did trifle with his con-
science when he said he was forced into the
confederate service, and that he did. not meet
the issue squarely upon the indictment for
perjury by showing that it was coercion that
carried him there. I venture to say to him, or
to any other man who was unfortunately sim-
ilarly situated, that he ought not to have waited
to be accused by any man on earth, but he
ought to have come here himself and demanded
an investigation by the Senate before he
sought admission, that he might be exculpated
from this suspicion of crime. That was the
proper course. He knows that in the minds
of thousands and tens of thousands of unpre-
judiced men in this country he is believed not
to have met this issue squarely, but tq have
.escaped a trial, after a continuance of three
years, after six terms of the court, without an
investigation upon the merits of the case.
There was not a word upon those merits, but
he escaped upon a ruling of the court that in
a trial for perjury a certified copy of the oath
taken by him could not be given in evidence,
but that the original must be produced. If
the charge had been forgery, instead of per-
jury, I could perceive the force of that reason-
ing and decision.
Then again, in regard to the charge of
bribery, I can only say that I have presented
a letter and I have stated by description from
whom it is. I am not permitted to give the
name of the writer, but he is a State official
who has occupied high positions of trust, and
stands ready to come here and prove the facts
he alleges.
Now, sir, I come back to where I started
and say that, from aught that appeared before
the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
there was nothing that, in my judgment, for-
bade the committee from going on and determ-
ining the right of this man to a seat in this
body. A majority of the committee, for rea-
sons that I am unable to appreciate, thought
differently, and believed that the two Senators
named in the pending resolution ought both
to be seated on th e prima facie case that they
made. But, sir, I teel sure, with this arraign-
ment here, with these grave charges against
the personal character of the applicant for a
seat from Georgia, the Senate cannot believe,
while they stand here, alleged upon the state-
ment of a reputable man to be true, that they
are doing injustice in saying to the applicant
that he must wait at least until an investiga-
tion be had, until it is shown to the Senate
that he is a fit associate for this body.
I would rather that some one else should
have performed this task than myself; I fain
would shove it away. It is not gratifying to
me to enter into these personal assaults. It
is my duty, however, to state what I believe
to be the truth in the case. If I am asked in
candor, with these things hanging over the
head of any man, whether I personally think
he is my peer if he be admitted upon this floor,
I answer indignantly, no; I do not regard any
man my equal who stands charged with crimes
of this sort, who has not removed the suspicion
by proofs that are conclusive to the mind of
everybody.
One can hardly say anything that will not
be perverted. I prefer to speak generally
without notes, and 1 am not so good a judge
as those who hear me, perhaps, as to what I
really do say, though I am pretty careful in
my statements. I take occasion now, in advert-
ing to something I said here the other day in
regard to the State of Georgia, to remark that
I do not wish to be misunderstood. I did not
mean to say that in every portion of the State
of Georgia there is a state of profound peace
and quiet and that nobody does anybody else
any harm. I wish I could say this. I wish I
could say it of my own congressional district,
in which I am sorry to say I believe more
irregularities and perhaps more individual
wrongs have occurred than in almost any
other. When I adverted the other day to the
fact of the peaceful state of affairs existing
immediately around my home, in my own
county and a few surrounding counties, I did
not mean to include a whole tract of country
one hundred or one hundred and fifty miles
long and perhaps as wide. I did but reflect
what I thought was the general tone of society
in the State and what I think yet. There have
been some most cruel and brutal outrages in
many parts of Georgia, individual cases of
crime, and there have been possibly, as this
memorialist says here, inducements, on account
of the bad management of our public affairs,
to commit some of these crimes. I do not say
that that is so, for I cannot know what it is
that prompts men to crime.
Mr. President, I must be pardoned for saying
to the Senate that after the history of the bloody
and terrible war through which we have passed,
lacerated, torn, and bleeding as have been the
people of my State, when I compare them
with other communities I perhaps should make
a little concession. Those who have not been
afflicted by the ravages of war, as they have
been, should make some allowance for frail
human nature in adverting to the crimes that
have been committed there; but I must say
that few people under like circumstances, sit-
uated as they have been after the close of the
war, impoverished as they have been by the
events of the struggle, I know of no commun-
ity anywhere that £ believe would have pre-
sented a better aspect to the world than that
one does this day. I believe that the irregu-
larities and the crimes of which there is so
much complaint will pass away by time. I
think its healing influences are already visible,
and I hope that before the world is a year
older they will belong entirely to the past.
I feel a pride for my State when I advert to
the old days m the old Senate Chamber, and
recollect that it was adorned by the presence
as Senators here from Georgia of a Forsyth
and a Berrien, men whose names have become
classic in this country by their connection
with the Cabinet and with the Senate, scarcely
second in renown to any that have adorned its
annals. One of them was one of the ablest,
the most ready, and the most incisive debaters
that ever appeared on the floor of the Amer-
ican Senate, a. man whose irony and sarcasm
few could withstand, and who in a running
debate had hardly a peer. Such was John
Forsyth. He was a great Senator, he was an
able and accomplished diplomat and minister
of State. His associate in this body, John
McPherson Berrien, distinguished as a pro-
found jurist and accomplished scholar and
orator, ranked among the foremost men of the
nation. Sir, this Senate might well afford to
pause in looking at the State of Georgia and
recurring to the glorious memories that clus-
tered around her before the bloody days fame,
and, even if the law favored his case, hesitate
