THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
at least to inflict upon her people as a repre-
sentative in this body a man whose private
reputation is not above reproach.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is quite
evident that the debate about this cause and
the other one that is in the same resolution,
and that must be considered with it, will go on
for some time. We know that the House of
Representatives has passed a bill providing
for the protection of the rights of citizens of
the United States under the Constitution, and
has sent it to us, and the Judiciary Committee
has reported that bill with the unanimous
understanding that it might be considered to-
day. I do notsay that it should be considered,
but that it might be, that no objection should
carry it over. We have passed a resolution
that we will consider at this session no other
business of a legislative character; so that the
bills and resolutions which may be sent to us
from the other House cannot be acted upon
without unanimous consent. In effect, there-
fore, the House of Representatives are waiting
for us to dispose of this bill protecting the
rights of citizens, which they have sent to us.
In this view of the case, I think it my duty,
having been instructed to report the bill, to
ask the Senate to take it up now and dispose
of it, and then send it back to the House
of Representatives, and in that way we shall
enable the House to dispose of the bill; and
while they are giving it final action we can
continue this subject of privileges and elec-
tions, and even if the House should desire to
adjourn, this bill being passed, we could re-
main here in executive or other session, the
House having adjourned j or if it should hap-
pen that for any executive purpose we might
be called upon to remain, we could at that
time dispose of this question.
In that view of the case, I hope there will
be no objection on the part of Senators to my
moving that this subject be laid on the table
in order to hold it ready for further consider-
ation, that I may then move to take up the
bill to which I have referred. I move, there-
fore, that this question be laid on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sawyer
in the chair.) The Senator from Vermont
moves that the pending resolution be laid on
the table.
Mr. STEWART. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. I must say that if such a
course as this be taken I can have no more
to do with this committee.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a state-
ment. I think now it would be manifest
injustice to adopt the motion made by the
Senator from Vermont. T think I have been
quite as anxious for legislation in regard to
the South as my friend from Vermont has
been.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is aware that this motion is not subject
to debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will renew
the motion I will withdraw it, so as to enable
him to make a suggestion as to what we ought
to do, because I do not wish to have my
friends who think differently from myself de-
barred of the right to state what they think we
ought to go on with, but I want to prevent
debate on the merits until we can take the
sense of the Senate. I hope, therefore, my
friend from Indiana may have unanimous con-
sent to make his statement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana will proceed if there be no
objection.
Mr. MORTON. There have been three
speeches made against Mr. Blodgett. We
have just listened to what I must call an extra-
ordinary speech, the tendency of which is to
blacken that man's character before the Sen-
ate and before the country. The resolution
has been pending for some time ; it has been
called up on several occasions, and every time
it has been called up the floor has been occu-
pied by those who were against it. We could
make but little progress this afternoon with
the bill in regard to southern outrages.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
make a remark right there? I said expressly
the other day that I would waive all right to
the floor for any Senator that wished to reply
to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,]
and again this morning I made the same offer.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that we shall keep
on this afternoon with the consideration of
this matter and finish it. I think we can dis-
pose of it in the course of an hour -or two
from this time, and it is a matter of simple
justice to Mr. Blodgett, at least, that those
who are in favor of his admission should be
heard in reply to some of the extraordinary
statements that have been made here. Now,
I am as anxious as my friend from Vermont
can be to get at the bill which has been
reported. We can take it up to- morrow morn-
ing, and I trust we shall suffer nothing to
interfere with it until we have passed it in
some form. He knows my anxiety about it;
but I think now that common justice and all
the considerations connected with the resolu-
tion reported by the Senator from Nevada
ought to induce us to continue the consider-
ation of it until we dispose of it, which I
think can be done in an hour or two from this
time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to violate
the rule, and I ask the same unanimous con-
sent that was granted to the Senator from
Indiana, to occupy one minute on this point
of what we shall do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont will proceed if there be no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There would be great
force in what my friend from Indiana has said
were it not for the fact that all that has been
stated by the Senator from Georgia was pub-
lic before; all the papers that he has read re-
flecting on Mr. Blodgett everybody has known
about; and, therefore, no new thing has been
communicated, either to the Senate or the
public; and I think it quite uneourteous, to
say the least for us, to the House of Repre-
sentatives to go on with a matter which con-
cerns ourselves alone, when we have given
them notice that we will do nothing but acton
this very bill which they have sent to us, and
let that lay aside. If we lose the whole of
this day with this other matter, even if that
would end it, as it will not, and begin to-mor-
row with the bill, we shall not get it through
this week so that the House of Representatives
can adjourn themselves and go home. I hope,
therefore; my friends will excuse me, without
undertaking to have any opinion or any pre-
judice against any form of this case that is
presented, for insisting upon my motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I think I might now be
indulged for a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to make
remarks. Is there objection?
Mr. STEWART. I do think this is the most
extraordinary attack I have ever heard made
on any individual in this body before. There
has been an attack this morning for several
hours on Mr. Blodge.tt. That matter was not
raised at all by the question presented in the
report of the committee, as to whether he had a
;prima facie case as a matter of law. Under
such circumstances, I think it very singular
that he should be attacked in his private char-
acter for a couple of hours this morning and
then to have the case passed over and no allu-
sion made to those attacks. I think I am
impartial in this matter, so far as Mr. Blod-
gett is concerned, and I wish to say to the Sen-
ate that I believe he is the most conspicuous
example we have from all the South of perse-
cution on account of his love of the Union.
I think he has been pursued on account of his
Union proclivities more severely than any
other man. Now let me tell you one circum-
stance.
Mr. Blodgett on two occasions before the
war was elected mayor of Augusta. He was
no adventurer, but a man of standing there.
He was elected probate judge and served
through his term. He was a man who was
conspicuous, a Whig and a Union man. He
took an active part in politics in the recon-
struction of Georgia, and was a bold man,
around whom the Republican party rallied,
and that has brought down upon him a storm
of abuse.
Now I want to show in a few minutes, as I
can, that there is ground for others to be
challenged as well as he. I regret that the
Senator from Georgia has found it necessary
to bring the matter of the indictment for per-
jury before the Senate. I think in that con-
nection something ought to be said about the
construction the Senator himself put upon acts
done under circumstances such as the people
were laboring under in Georgia at the time.
His own conduct ought to make him look
charitably upon others. I think this attack
on the private character of Mr. Blodgett, out-
side of the issues in the case, is so unwarranted
that the Senate ought to go on and consider
the subject at some little length and give us an
opportunity to go into the case fully. I have
some letters here in regard to Mr. Blodgett
and his standing from one of the judges of the
supreme court of the State 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is asking too much,
to go into the merits.
Mr. STEWART. I know it is too much,
because he is a Republican! We have had
speeches every morning in behalf of those who
were not, and nothing was said against those
speeches.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
agree now to lay the matter on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I hope those gentlemen
who have made their speeches on this case will
not vote in favor of this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to lay the pending reso-
lution on the table, and the Senator from
Nevada asks for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. I wish to make a remark 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we must insist
on the rule now.
Mr. HILL. Only one remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. HILL. Itis personal entirely, or rather
explanatory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote.
Mr. HILL. Perhaps I can say afterward
what I wish to say. I simply wish to say, in
reply to the Senator from Indiana, that I will
stay here a month if gentlemen wish to debate
it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have a vote.
Mr. HILL. While I am willing to do that,
I wish to take up more important matters first.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, to lay the pending resolution on the
table, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. On this ques-
tion I am paired for to-day with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fenton.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Confaing, Cor-
rect, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinehuysen,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill ot' \ ermont,
Patterson, Pratt. Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Windom—£5.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, Davis ot'Kentucky,
(rilbert, Hamlin. Johnston, Kelly, Morton, Nye,
Osbom, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, West,
and Wright—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Davis of West
