1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut. Flanagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Pomeroy,
Pool, Rico, Robertson, Sprague, Viekers, and Wil-
son—19,
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I regret
exceedingly that this proceeding has taken a
personal turn. I regret that there has been
anything said that reflected upon any one.
The committee, as I have said heretofore,
brought this matter before the Senate on a
question of practice, rather than otherwise.
That was the main idea, and to that question
of practice I wish to call the attention of the
Senate for one moment.
These two cases were presented. Senators
see from the nature of the speech of the Sen-
ator from Georgia that if we were to satisfy
him and those opposing Mr. Blodgett we
should have to investigate the lives of most
of the people of Georgia, and the history of
that State for many years, before the thing
could be settled. We knew the amount of
labor before us in both of these cases. In the
case of Goldthwaite it was alleged that one
person took a seat in the Legislature of Ala-
bama without any certificate of election, with-
out any election, and that various others were
brought in there by means of fraudulent elec-
tions and obtained their seats. We ascertained
that that would require a vast amount of labor.
We looked at the precedents, and we found, as
1 have stated, that there was no case in which
a Senator had been excluded pending the in-
vestigation of his case, unless theie was some
personal disqualification, or unless the State
was not entitled to representation.
That being the case, and these matters hav-
ing been referred to the committee, we thought
it best to report the subject back to the Senate
and take the judgment of the Senate as to the
policy they would adopt. I think the practice
of the Senate disposes of both these cases; and
in that view they are the same question prac-
tically, it makes no difference how much argu-
ment may be made to show adifferenee. There-
is no difference so far as this question of prac-
tice is concerned.
The leading case on this subject is the cele-
brated Khode Island case of Potter against
Robbins. What was the issue there? In that
case the Legislature of Rhode Island, after
the term for which it was elected had expired,
was convened by the Governor and elected a
man by the name of Robbins, very nearly two
years after the Legislature was elected. It was
only elected for the term of one year. After
that the Legislature was convened, and the
reason assigned for the convening was that
there bad been a failure of election. It was
held that they by implication held over until
-their successors were elected and qualified.
That Legislature elected Robbins, and he
came here with a certificate. The main ques-
tion in the case was the capacity of the Legis-
lature that elected Robbins to elect a Senator.
It was precisely the same character of ques-
tion that is presented here in the case of Blod-
gett, the question being in this case the capa-
city of the Legislature to elect a Senator. It
was proposed to refer the matter pending an
investigation, whereupon a discussion arose
in which the best and ablest Senators who
have figured in American history took part.
Most of them reserving their opinion as to the
final conclusion, still said, although the alle-
gation be that the Legislature was not a Legis-
lature with the capacity to elect, still, coming
as Robbins did with a certificate from the
Governor certifying that he was duly elected
by the Legislature, they would not go behind
that in the first instance to ascertain the fact
whether the Legislature had any right to con-
tinue its own existence beyond the time for
which it was elected or not. There was a
large amount of discussion on the question,
and the Senate finally decided, after several
days' discussion, that Robbins, pending the
investigation, should have his seat. Subse-
quently the matter was referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the certificate or
the credentials in the case to which the Senator
refers state that Robbins had been elected by
a legal Legislature ?
Mr. STEW ART. There was no point made
on the credentials.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I notice that the cre-
dentials of Blodgett do not state that he was
elected by the Legislature at all. I have sent
for the credentials with a view to ascertain
that fact. They do not state that any Legisla-
ture elected him.
Mr. CAMERON. How else could he be
elected ?
Mr. STEWART. I think it is sufficiently
stated in the credentials for the purpose. I
should like to have the Clerk read the creden-
tials. I have not examined their particular
wording.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The credentials do not
state when he was elected, or that he was
elected by any Legislature whatever. They
merely say that he was duly elected Senator;
they do not say by whom or when.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
credentials read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
STATE OP GEORGIA.
To the honorable the President of the Senate of Ike
United States, greeting:
This is to certify that Hon. Fostor Blodgett was
duly elected in accordance with an act of Con-
gress to regulate the times find manner of holding
elections tor Senators in Congress, approved July
25,1866, a Senator for the term beginning with the
4th day of March, 1871, and ending with the 3d day
of March, 1877, in the representation of this Stato in
the Senate of the United States,
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
State, at the capiial, in the city of Atlanta,
[L. s.] the 16th day of February, in the year of our
Lord 1870, and of the independence of the
United States of America the ninety-fourth.
RUFUS B. BULLOCK.
By the Governor:
DAVID G. COTTING.
Secretary of State.
Mr. STEWART. I think that certificate is
ample. It states that he was elected in pur-
suance of the act of Congress, which provides
the Legislature that shall elect, and how the
Senator shall be elected.
Mr. CAMERON. If I maybe allowed to
interrupt the Senator for a moment, I should
like to hear the credentials of the Senator from
Illinois read. I think they are in very much
the same words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator will
find that the credentials state that the Senator
from Illinois was elected by the Legislature of
Illinois.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to hear
them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Secretary
will bring them in and have them read.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not see how anything
can be more plain than that certificate. It
states that Mr. Blodgett was elected in pur-
suance of the act of Congress, which the Sen-
ator from Illinois drew up himself, and which
was passed at his request—the only way in
which he could be elected; and I should like
to see what the difference is between the cre-
dentials presented here by the Senator from
Illinois himself and those of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I will go on pending their
coming in. I was going on to say that there
was a simple certificate of election in the case
of Robbins. The Senator from Illinois calls
my attention to the certificate in this case.
This certificate refers to the act of Congress
under which the election was had, which is
entirely sufficient as to the time, place, and all
that, and the body by which he was elected.
There is no way of avoiding it. If that cer-
tificate is true, if he was elected under that ac.t
of Congress, he was elected by the Legislature
that had authority to elect. The certificate, I
apprehend, is entirely sufficient.
Then, I say, the question involved in this
case, however it may be decided, is the same
that was involved in the case of Potter against
Robbins; that is, the capacity of the Legisla-
ture. That is the question raised by the pro-
test. We have that also before us. The pro-
test was that it was not the Legislature that was
entitled to elect. In the case of Robbins, Pot-
ter raised the issue in the same way, by a pro-
test. No point was made on the certificate
itself. The certificate of election came here
in the usual form, and then the objection to
the election in Robbins's case was made by a
protest, and it is made by a protest in this
case.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to have this mat-
ter right as we go along. The question in the
caseof Robbins vs. Potterwas notatall whether
Robbins, who was first elected, was elected by
the proper Legislature, but whether the per-
sons who elected Robbins were a Legislature
at all. They undertook to hold over beyond
the term of one year, for which they had been
elected, and after the expiration of that one
year, and when, according to the opinion of
those who contested Robbins's right, they were
no more a Legislature than any equal number
of citizens of the State of Rhode Island, they
proceeded to elect Mr. Robbins. The whole
question was whether that was a Legislature
at all. It was admitted on all hands that if
it was a Legislature, then Mr. Robbins was
properly elected.
Mr. STEWART. My friend from Ohio is
too good a lawyer not to see that the way in
which he states it does not vary the legal aspect
of the question at all; that it is the difference
between tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee as far as
that is concerned. The question was whether
it was a Legislature with capacity to elect a
Senator; it might be, for the reason that it
was not a Legislature at all; it might be for
the reason that there was no vacancy; it might
be for any other reason. Here the question
is, whether this was the proper Legislature to
elect, and the investigation, so far as present-
ing a prima facie case is concerned, is pre-
cisely analogous. The question there was
whether the Legislature was a Legislature at
all with capacity to elect a Senator, or for any
other purpose. The question in this case is
whether the Legislature that was convened in
Georgia was a Legislature with capacity to
elect a Senator; whether the body from which
the election emanates had jurisdiction of the
matter. The real question is a question of
jurisdiction in both cases.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to occupy
too much time.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to point out the difference between the two
cases ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. In the case of Robbins,
it was admitted on all hands that if he were
elected by a Legislature that wasalegal Legis-
lature of the State of Rhode Island, he was
entitled to his seat, for he was first elected.
There was no question then as to what was the
proper Legislature to elect, for that was the
proper Legislature to elect if it was a Legis-
lature at all. But the argument against him
was that he was elected by persons who as-
sumed to be legislators after their term had
expired. In this case, the Legislature by which
Blodgett was elected was a legal Legislature.
Nobody contests that. It was a perfectly legal
Legislature, competent to pass any law ; and
it did pass laws. But the objection to him is
