1871;]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BIB'
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. JBurchard.
Ho. of Keps.
to believe will come up at a future term of the Fed-
oral court. Arrests have been make by order of the
United States commissioner, and the parties have
been bound over for trial; but the cases are not yet
in court.
"Question. You have a? yet had no cases in the
Federal courts in Iforth Carolina involving the ques-
tion of outrages committed by this organization ?
"Answer. No, sir; not as yet."
If trials Lad occurred and decisions been
rendered upon this law, we could better judge
what amendments are necessary or desirable.
Yet since its passage these outrages have not
been few nor unfrequent. They are still con-
tinued, and, in view of fresh and repeated
atrocities and the facts submitted in the Sen-
ate report, the President, in a special message,
has requested Congress to- consider whethfer
further legislation is necessary and can be
devised more effectually to prevent their occur-
rence. The select committee of the House
to whom this message was referred have pre-
sented the bill under consideration as a rem-
edy for the evils complained of.
They have, however, since the commence-
ment of this discussion, yielded to the sugges-
tions of friends, so far as to offer amendments
to their bill and a substitute for the second
section, which, without impairing its efficiency,
will, if adopted, bring this legislation clearly
within the constitutional powers of Congress
and satisfy the scruples of those who might
object to the original bill. I desire as briefly
as possible to examine the provisions of the
bill as first reported and as modified by the
pending amendments, and to review those
sections of the Constitution which justify or
are relied upon to sustain congressional legis-
lation for the suppression of this violence, and
ascertain the extent of power for that purpose
conferred upon the General Government, and
show that if modified as proposed this bill is
no assumption of unwarranted powers.
remedies proposed by the bill.
The additional legislation proposed by the
committee in this bill may substantially and
briefly be stated:
1. Afford an injured party redress in the
United States courts against any person vio-
lating his rights as a citizen under claim or
color of State authority.
2. Punish conspiracies within the limits of
a State to do acts in violation of the rights,
privileges, and immunities to which any per-
son is entitled under the Constitution and laws
of the United States, when such acts within
its jurisdiction would constitute murder, arson,
larceny, or other crimes enumerated in the
bill.
3. Authorize the President, without legisla-
tive or executive request, to employ the mili-
tia and Army and Navy to aid in suppressing
insurrections which obstruct the laws of the
State, so as to deprive any portion of citizens
of their constitutional rights.
4. Authorize the President to suspend the
privileges of the writ of hctbects corpus and
declare martial law in any district where unlaw-
ful combinations are armed and so powerful as
to overthrow the authorities, or the latter are
in complicity with them, so as to render con-
viction of offenders and preservation of public
safety impracticable.
Are the remedies proposed for the preven-
tion of these wrongs within the scope of Fed-
eral jurisdiction? What defects or omissions
of State legislation or administration for the
protection of personal, civil, or political rights
can the national Government supply? How
and when may its powers be exercised for this
purpose ? These questions concern the vital
and fundamental principles of our system of
government. Their final decisions may over-
turn the theory upon which it was originally
constituted. True, there is an ultimate tri-
bunal to pass upon the legality of these meas-
ures, but the words of many distinguished
genfiemen who have spoken upon this bill,
and above all the legislation indorsed by gen-
tlemen who took part in framing the amend-
ments under which authority is claimed, will
become guides in construing the extent of
the new powers added to the Constitution.
Heartily sympathizing with the object of this
bill, I can but dissent from some of the pro-
visions arid details, and trust they will be mod-
ified. To the first section, giving an injured
party redress by suit at law in the United States
courts in the cases enumerated, I can see no
objections. If jurisdiction is now wanting, it
should be conferred.
The second section of the original bill reads
as follows;
Sec. 2. That if two or mpre persons shall, within
the limits of any State, band, conspire, or combine
together to do any act in violation of the rights,
privileges, or immunities of any person, to which
he is entitled under the Constitution and laws of
the United States, which, committed within a place
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States, would, under any law of the United
States then in force, constitute the crime of cither
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault
and battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction of legal process or resistance of
officers in discharge of official duty, arson or lar-
ceny; and if one or more of the parties to said con-
spiracy or combination shall do any act to effect the
object thereof, all the parties to or engaged in said
conspiracy or combination, whether principals or
accessories, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall be liable to a penalty
of not exceeding $10,000, or to imprisonment not
exceeding ten years, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
This section has had different interpreta-
tions. If it intends and must be construed to
give the Federal courts jurisdiction to punish
Combinations or conspiracies to commit mur-
der, mayhem, assault and battery within a
State, I can find in the Constitution no war-
rant for the exercise of such authority. If
Congress can provide for the punishment of
conspiracies to commit murder or arson, it can
as well authorize the punishment of the offenses
themselves. If it has this jurisdiction, a revo-
lution in the whole theory of our Government
has been effected unknown to the people.
It is conceded here, and has been settled
by repeated adjudications, that criminal juris-
diction to redress invasions of personal rights
was not, at least prior to the' adoption of the
thirteenth and fourteenth amendments, vested
in the General Government. James Madison,
expounding to the people of the United States
prior to its adoption the powers proposed to
be granted to the General Government, said :
"The Constitution of the United States divides
the sovereignty; the portions surrendered by the
States composing the Federal sovereignty over spe-
cified subjects, the portions retained forming the
sovereignty of each over the residuary subjects
within its sphere."— Writings of James Madison,
vol. I, page 61.
"The powers delegated by the proposed Consti-
tution to the Federal Government are tew and de-
lined. Those which are to remain in the State gov-
ernments are numerous and indefinite. The former
will be exercised principally on external objects,
as war, peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce;
with which last the power of taxation will, for the
most part, be connected. The powers reserved to the
several States will extend to all the objects which,
in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives,
liborties, and properties of the people, and the in-
ternal order, improvement, and prosperity of the
State."—Federalist, No. 45.
It was in that sense adopted. The Supreme
Court of the United States and of many States
have given the same construction. Has the
criminal jurisdiction of the United States been
enlarged, so as to puuish for offenses over
which, until the adoption of those amendments,
the State courts had exclusive jurisdiction?
In what amendment is found this new grant
of power? The thirteenth amendment secured
to every person in the United States the right
of personal liberty, abolished slavery, and un-
doubtedly conferred upon Congress power to
punish individuals who attempt to cxaet the
involuntary service considered due from a slave
to his master or to impose upon a freeman the
disabilities that attaeh to the condition of
slavery. Only to this extent is the power of
punishing individual offenders enlarged by
that amendment. Is such additional power
conferred by the fourteenth amendment? If
so, it is found in these sections:
" Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the Stato
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of the United States; nor shall
any State depriveany person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without duo process of law, nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws.
"Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article."
The first defines what shall constitute national
and State citizenship, and contains three pro-
hibitions upon the State against—
First. The making or enforcing of any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immuni-
ties of a citizen of the United States.
Second. The deprivation of any person of
life, liberty, or property without duo process
law.
Third. The denial of the equal protection
of the law.
How far and in what manner has that sec-
tion enlarged either the rights of the citizen
or the means of enforcing their protection ?
citizenship.
The first clause reads:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State where-
in they reside."
By defining who are citizens of a State and
of the United States it only establishes who
are entitled to the rights, privileges, and i mmun-
ities that belong to such citizenship. Except
as it may have affected State citizenship by a
constitutional definition it does not in any man-
ner enlarge the privileges of citizens, although
it may have increased the number who shall
enjoy them. It gives the same definition that
Congress had already given to United States
citizenship in the civil rights bill, which also
accords with the understanding of the best
authors who have discussed the question.
Every person in the United States is a citizen
or an alien. The word "citizen" is sometimes
used in a sense synonymous with "people,"
and then includes aliens. But this clause in its
definition excludes the latter class and limits
the meaning of the term "citizen of the United
States," as subsequently used, to persons born
or naturalized in the United States and subject
to it^jurisdiction.
privileges axd tmmdnities.
The next clause is this ;
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges orimmunities of citizens
of the United States."
What is it a State is forbidden to abridge ?
It is not the privileges and immunities belong-
ing to aliens or to all persons within its limits,
but to the class defined, citizens of the United
States. The word " privilege" properly means
a peculiar advantage or benefit; " immunity"
is defined to mean exemption trom a burden.
Rights that all possess are not privileges. The
term would be a misnomer.
"The words 'rights,' 'privileges,' 'immunilies
are abusively used, as if they were synonymous.
The word 'rights' is generic, common, embracing
whatever may be lawfully claimed. Privileges' are
special lights belonging to tile individual or class,
and not to the mass. 'Immunities' are rights of
exemption only, freedom from what otherwise would
be a duty, obligation, or burden.—Opinion-, of Attor-
neys General, vol. 10, page 407; Bates on Citizenship.
Tho privileges and immunities of a citizen
of the United States are those particular ad-
vantages or exemptions secured or granted tQ
them, but not extended to all persons, and
