1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
must be arbitrarily construed, the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Cooper] is not entitled
to a seat here. He was not elected by the
Legislature chosen next preceding the happen-
ing of a vacancy. If the construction put upon
this act by the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Georgia be correct, he was not
elected by the Legislature that was chosen in
the sense in which they use the term "chosen."
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. STE WART. I do not want to be inter-
rupted until I get through with this question
of law, and then I shall listen to the Senator.
There has been a Legislature chosen since Mr.
Cooper was elected, and legally chosen; and
if that is to override everything, if there is no
other construction to be given to the act, then
he is not entitled to a seat at all, because he
was not chosen by that Legislature. I say the
construction is a very absurd one. I think the
Senator from Tennessee is entitled to his seat,
because I believe the fair construction of the
act is "chosen and assembled as a Legisla-
ture," meaning to fix it with the Legislature
that is assembled with capacity to elect before
the happening of the vacancy. But if it means
what these Senators contend, and it overrides
the Constitution and everything else, if there
is no limitation upon it, the Senator from Ten-
nessee is not entitled to a seat here, because
there has been a Legislature chosen since the
'time when he was elected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Nevada to the lan-
guage of the act. Can it be said that there
has been any Legislature chosen until the
Legislature convenes? Legislators have been
chosen, but not a Legislature.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly that is the only
rational construction of it. Until it convenes
it is not a Legislature. The object was un-
doubtedly to designate the Legislature- that
convened next preceding the happening of the
vacancy as having the power to fill it, not one
that could not fill it before it happened, and
leave the State unrepresented, because there
is another provision in the Constitution which
says that no State shall be denied its repre-
sentation in Congress, not even by an amend-
ment to the Constitution, and no State without
its consent shall be deprived of its equal suf-
frage in the Senate. It could not be done by
an amendment to the Constitution, much less
by a law. The fair construction of the law is
that it is not a Legislature until it has con-
vened and ascertained the qualifications of its
members and become a Legislature. It is not
a Legislature chosen, in the proper sense,
until it is a Legislature, but is simply a body
of individuals elected as legislators. That is
the reasonable construction of it, and it leads
to no absurd result. That, I think, will have
to be the construction of the law, that it means
the Legislature chosen and convened, with
capacity to elect a Senator. If you are going
to make it in harmony with the practice of the
Government and the other provisions of the
Constitution of the United States I have no
doubt that will be the decision arrived at.
That brings us, then, to the Georgia case.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the permission
of my friend to ask him a question, which I
do for information, to direct his mind to the
point which I wish to hear him discuss. As
this case strikes me, the question which he is
now discussing is not a material one in the
case. If either of the Legislatures should now
be convened, and it should hereafter elect a
Senator to fill this place, that would present
to the Senate the question of which of the two
Legislatures was competent to elect. But, as I
understand, the difficulty with this man's case
is this: that at the time the Legislature elected
him Senator the law not only provided for the
election of another Legislature, but that it
should convene before the vacancy would occur
which this man was elected to fill; so that by
the law as it stood at the time this Legislature
juade the election tjaej had no jurisdiction to
elect a Senator. If that be so, certainly their
action was void; their election of a Senator
was of no legal effect; and that cannot be
cured by a subsequent act of the Legislature
which puts off the meeting of the subsequent
Legislature so as to make this the last convened
Legislature before the vacancy occurs. It is
like the case of a court which passes a judg-
ment exceeding its jurisdiction when the judg-
ment is passed. Certainly, a subsequent act
of the Legislature which should clothe that
court with such jurisdiction would not validate
that judgment which was void for want of
jurisdiction at the time it was rendered. That
is the point with me, and about which I want
to hear the Senator before I vote for the admis-
sion of this man.
Mr. STEWART. I was coming to that
identical point. This election occurred after
the Legislature of Georgia was organized anew
under your reconstruction acts and the act of
December 22, 1869. They elected at the usual
time of election, I believe—I assume it to be so
for what I have to say—on the second Tuesday
after the reorganization of the Legislature,
the Legislature that you have declared to be a
legal one. They then proceeded to elect Blod-
gett. The constitution of the State of Georgia
does not fix the time absolutely for the meet-
ing of the Legislature. It fixes a time provided
no other time is fixed by the Legislature. It
fixes the time for the meeting, unless the
Legislature shall otherwise order. In order
to understand just exactly what they did do, it
is necessary to see what their constitution is
and what law they passed. The constitution
of Georgia provides that—
"The election for members of the General Assem-
bly shall begin on Tuesday after tho first Monday
in November of every second year, except the tirst
election, which shall be within sixty days after tho
adjournment of this convention; but tlie General
Assembly may by law change the time of election,
and tho members shall hold until their successors
are elected and qualified.
" The first meeting of the General Assembly shall
be within ninety days after the adjournment of this
convention, after which it shall meet annually on
the second Wednesday in January, or on such other
day as the General Assembly may prescribe."
This same Legislature, and at the same ses-
sion, passed this law, which undoubtedly they
had the right to pass :
"That from and after tho passage of this act tho
time for the annual meeting of tho Legislature shall
be the first Wednesday in November of each and
every year, beginning with tho year 1871; and that
there shall be no annual meeting after tho adjourn-
ment of this session until said time."
Mr. SHERMAN. When was that passed?
Mr. STEWART. After the election of
Blodgett. Then the Legislature had a perfect
right to extend the time of meeting. There
is no doubt about that. This right existed at
the time of the election of Blodgett. The
power of the Legislature to extend its own
session and postpone the meeting of th.e next
Legislature was clear. It was entirely com-
petent for the Legislature to do this; and so
far it was a part of its jurisdiction. When it
was exercising its jurisdictional right to elect
Blodgett it had the powqy to do the other, and
probably it made the election in contempla-
tion of the fact that a law was about to be
passed fixing the time of meeting.
Then, no matter how you arrive at it, this
Legislature that did elect Blodgett was the
last Legislature that convened before the
vacancy. No other Legislature could be held
as a matter of law. They did nothing but
what they had a perfect legal right to do.
How does it compare with the Tennessee
case? There was a power in the people of
Tennessee (and this makes it pretty nearly
parallel to the case put by my friend from Wis-
consin) to have another election before the
time came. They exercised the power. They
did have another election. The statute says
that the election of Senator shall be by the
Legislature elected next preceding the hap-
pening of the vacancy. According to the con-
struction of the Senators on the other side, tho
people of Tennessee had a perfect right to
have another election ; they did have another
election ; and if the law is to be arbitrarily
construed Mr. Cooper is not entitled to a seat.
I understand very well the argument and the
distinction that the Senator from Ohio tries to
make. He says that from the time Mr.
Cooper was elected he obtained a vested right
before he came here.
Mr. THURMAN. One thing more. Take
my proposition still further. You say the peo-
ple of Tennessee had a right to have another
election. They had a right to have anothei
election of members of their own Legislature,
but they had no right to have another election
of a Senator of the United States when a Sen-
ator had been elected pursuant to the act of
Congress and had acquired a vested right to
Mr. STEWART. When he came here, he
had not been elected in pursuance of the act
of Congress, if you give it that construction.
Mr. THURMAN. He was elected by the
Legislature having the right to elect.
Mr. STEWART. When he presented ^ cer-
tificate here, he did not present a certificate
from the Legislature elected next preceding
the happening of the vacancy.
Mr. THURMAN. You do not take the
whole of my statement. At the time Mr.
Cooper, was elected Senator he waa elected
by the Legislature which, according to the
then constitution of Tennessee, was the Legis-
lature chosen next before the happening of
the vacancy.
Mr. STEWART. But when he camc here
he undoubtedly was not elected by the Legis-
lature that was elected next preceding the
happening of the vacancy. Therefore I say
the law should have a reasonable construction.
Giving it a literal construction in one case
and a liberal construction in another will not
do. Now, 1 say that Mr. Blodgett comes
here with a certificate from the Legislature
that did meet next preceding the happening
of the vacancy, and the only Legislature that
did or could meet under the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend a question, because I am seeking for
information in regard to the case of Mr.
Cooper. Can he imagine a case in which
a man duly and legally elected by law could
be deprived of that office except by abolishing
the oliice.
Mr. STEWART. No, I cannot; nor can
I imagine a case where the Congress of the
United States would presume to pass a law
that would leave a State unrepresented. I do
imagine that all these cases lead to the one
conclusion, that the language of the law, when
it says a Senator must be elected by the Legis-
lature that is chosen next preceding the hap-
pening of the vacancy, means the Legislature
chosen and organized next preceding the hap-
pening of the vacancy, and every case leads
to the same conclusion. Mr. Blodgett comes
here from that Legislature which was elected
and organized next preceding the vacancy,
and the only Legislature that was organized
next preceding the vacancy. I admit it in-
volves a question for discussion, but when I
have established a prima facie case involv-
ing serious legal considerations, I say 1 have
brought it within the rule of a prima J'acie
case; and if we are going to treat him us wc
do other men; if we are going to treat him as
we have treated all others from the organiza-
tion of the Government down ; if he is to be
allowed a seat here during this investigation,
I say he has got as strong a case presented
here as any—as strong a case as Mr. Gold-
thwaite, and a much stronger case, I beg leave
to submit, than Mr. Robbins had. The elec-
tion of Mr. Robbins was as clear a usurpa-
tion as I ever saw. The minority report in
that case by Silas Wright so far used up the
majority report that it makes it look like a
partisan affair in toto. I think Potter, in^the
brief that he submitted, his protest, and Silas
Wright in the minority report, so far used up
