552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
the majority case that they make it entirely a
partisan decision. But still it was conceded
on all aides that there was enough question in
it to allow him to have his seat-pending the
investigation after the discussion had been
had. There were some who opposed it; but
the majority of the Senate allowed him to
take his seat pending the investigation.
Now, here two Senators present themselves;
one isa Democrat and the other a Republican.
We are called upoii to investigate their cases.
They both come here with certificates from
the Legislature that assembled next preced-
ing the happening of the vacancy. I say if in
one case you hold that the whole investigation
should be had before there is final action you
should do so in the other. Of course you
canaot present any two cases which are pre-
cisely parallel. It will be impossible to get
two cases the circumstances of which will be
just alike. But the point made against Mr.
Blodgett is that the case does not involve a
question of fact, but a question of law; and
it being a question of law, we ought to settle
it in limine. I reply that it has not been the
practice to determine these questions inlimiue,
whether they are questions of law or fact, but
to let the person presentingthe certificate take
his seat, and then go on with the investiga-
tion. I see no more propriety in determining
in the first instance a question of law than a
question of fact. As great injustice might be
done in the one case as in the other, and there
is enough in this case, if Senators will study
it, to show that it cannot be whistled down
without any consideration.
When I undertook the examination of Blod-
gett's case I supposed there was nothing in it.
I went into the committee-room thinking we
could dispose of it in five minutes. I looked
at what the law had done, I looked at this
act, and found that it could not be any other
Legislature than the one that convened ; that
the Legislature chosen meant the one chosen
and convened; that it could not mean any-
thing else; that any other construction would
lead to absurd results. I came to the con-
clusion that that was the meaning of the law,
that this was the Legislature convened. I ad-
mit that the point suggested by my friend from
Wisconsin at first seemed to have great weight
with me; it seemed to be very difficult to get
over ; but still it is by no means clear. They
had the power before them to continue that
session of the Legislature, which they did.
There is a wide difference between a court
and a Legislature, a wide difference in the way
that they exercise their jurisdiction. A court
does not have the power in the document
under which it acts to extend its jurisdiction, to
extend its powers, to fix its terms. It has no
power to confer jurisdiction upon other bodies.
The nature of the jurisdiction exercised by
legislative bodies is not at all parallel to that
of a court; and I think my friend from Wis-
consin will probably find, when he comes to
investigate the matter, that his analogies will
not hold good.
At all events it is not so clear a question as
to be whistled down without consideration and
particularly in this case. 1 appeal to the prin-
ciples of fair play. This man, I think, has
been abused. I think he has been maligned.
I think he is the worst abused man that has
ever come near these Halls. I have taken
some little pains, inasmuch as the abuse against
him was so virulent, to investigate his char-
acter. I found that the people of the city of
Augusta, in Georgia, had twice sleeted him
mayor, and that he served them for two terins.
I found that he had been twice elected probate
judge. I found that he had been an honored
citizen of that State previous to the war. It
is true he did engage in the rebellion; it is
true he got into the rebellion ; but he was a
well-known, conspicuous Union man before
the war; and the circumstances were such
that he thought he could consider himself
loyal, and he took the test-oath. He came out
of the rebellion at once as soon as he could,
and took every opportunity to show that he
was a Union man all the time. As soon as
the smoke of battle had passed away, we find
Foster Blodgett on the Union side, firm and
determined. We find him struggling among
the first, from the Very first dawn of efforts on
the part of Congress to establish reconstruc-
tion in the South. When the cloud of rebel-
lion closed over him we saw him a Union man
to the last. Under those circumstances we
should not be harsh in our judgment of this
question of perjury. Besides, he has been
tried by his countrymen and acquitted by the
jury which tried this very issue; and I say the
Senate Chamber is no place to review that
trial. The defendant is absent, and this is no
place to review the trial. I would not try a
dog in his absence.
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me to
say a word there, I have information from the
counsel that the gentleman is wrong; that there
was not a verdict of acquittal; but the indict-
ment was quashed. If the Senator knows the
contrary and has evidence of it, I will thank
him to correct me. If there was an acquittal
under the direction of the court, I should like
to know it. Does the Senator know it? I ask
for information. I really do not know. My
information is that the indictment was quashed.
Mr. STEWART. I do not care where the
information comes from. He has been tried
in another forum. This is not the forum to
try Poster Blodgett for perjury after it has
been before a jury. This is not the forum to
try him upon ex parte evidence. This is not
the forum to try a man who has stood up and
been elected time after time by his country-
men. This is not the forum to try a man who
dares stand up and defy the rebels. This is
not the forum to try a man who has been
repeatedly elected by the Legislature of his
own State. I have heard every trembling Union
man who came from Georgia commend Fos-
ter Blodgett. Men have come to my room,
and while recounting their wrongs have shed
tears over the heroism of this man. Colored
men have done it in my room. They have
assured me on their honor that he was a good
man and their friend; and I say this is not
the forum to try him in his absence.
I am sorry that the Senator from Georgia
thought it necessary to bring here this long
amount of accusation. The Senator himself
was placed iu a position where men questioned
severely his taking the oath. I proposed on
one occasion to read a letter that he wrote. I
have two of his letters here; but I will refrain
from reading them unless the Senator himself
wants them read. He did not think he was
disqualified, after having written thi3 letter
declaringthat he had taken the oath four times.
I tell you he ought to be more charitable. I
am more charitable to him. I will not disclose
this record unless he desires it.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada yield further to the Senator
from Georgia? *
Mr. HILL. I beg to state to the Senator,
if it would interest the Senate, I will take a
day with him, and I will bring the witnesses
here, and show how the letter was written, who
advised it, the purpose of it, and all about it.
I can acquit myself before any honest jury on
earth.
Mr. STEWART. Do you want it read or
not?
Mr. HILL. I am not on trial; and if I were
the guiltiest man under the sun of heaven, it
does not excuse another. If the Senator will
prefer charges against me before this body, I
will meet him. I dare him to the encounter.
Let him do it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to submit
to the candor of the Senator from Georgia, if
Foster Blodgett is on trial for perjury.
Mr. HILL. I did not say he was; and if the
gentleman will allow me, I submit to the in-
telligence of the Senator whether this body is
to sit here and to be informed by a reputable
man that he can establish proof of perjury and
of bribery in procuring the election, and it is
to close its ears against such accusations as
these when one presents himself for a seat.
Is the Senator willing to do it?
Mr. STEWART. Ah! the Senator does
not want these documents read. I will not
read them.
Mr. HILL. No, sir; read them if you want to.
Mr. STEWART. I do not, unless the Sen-
ator does.
Mr. HILL. I do not care. I am not on trial.
I defy you or anybody else on that score.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to put the
Senator on trial; but I should like to make an
appeal to his charity: I should like to have
him, when he views the short-comings of his
fellow-men, to remember that man is mortal
and may err; tljat man is liable to err; that
human nature is sometimes weak. I want to
appeal to his generosity as a man not to try
Foster Blodgett for perjury in his absence.
That is all I ask ; and particularly not to do
so on letters that are written here by individ-
uals whose names are not given, or if they are
given, are ex parte letters. If I were to dis-
close all the ex parte letters that I get in regard
to honorable men I should have but little time
to attend to ray duties here. Nothing is more
common than to get letters of this kind fron>
men who are wrought up with passion and over-
zealous to make up a case. But, sir, Foster
Blodgett is not here on trial for perjury. The
committee confined itself to the mere question
of whether, pending the investigation of this
case, he should take a seat here, according to
the usual custom of the Senate ; whether he
should have the same right to make a showing
that other men have had. We investigated
nothing in the committee in regard to his
record. We spent no time on that. But, sir,
I know something of his record; and inas-
much as letters have been read, I ask the Clerk
to read a letter from one of the associate jus-
tices of the supreme court of the State of
Georgia ; perhaps the Senator knows him.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Atlanta, Georgia, February 15,1871.
Deau Sik: Having seen it stated that Mr. Blod-
gett would be admitted to his seat in the Senate ol'
the United States under his election by the last
Legislature wero it notforhis bad private character,
I feel it to be due to Mr. Blodgett and to the Legis-
lature which elected him to state that while it is
without doubt true that a very large portion of the
people of this S(ate do think very badly of Mr.
Blodgett as a man, yet from my knowledge of the
facts I am satisfied that this belief is entirely the
result of that fierce, bitter, unrelenting, malicious,
reckless warfare which the press of the State has
waged against him as the head of the reconstruction
party in this State. JSTo one who has not been in the
midst of it and felt its influence can form any con-
ception of its extent, its virulence, its recklessness,
its pertinacity, or its unscrupulousness. When at
its full height in at least three fourths of the State
no man, however pure in private character, was free
from insult or free from the imputation that he was
ascoundrel. It was the general belief of that portion
of every community which, having the wealth and
intelligence, necessarily gave tone to polite society,
that no man could be a Republican who was honest,
and the public press, almost exclusively under the
control of that class of men, was daily burdened
with the most absurd, untrue, and malicious storic3,
all of which found a ready credence.
As tho chairman of the Republican executive
committee, and as the most active, energetic, and
working man of the Republican party, Mr. Blodgett
has been the special subject of their attacks, iieiore
the war ho was tho choice of the people of Augusta
for mayor, and I do not believe there was against
him anything derogatory to his position as a gentle-
man. X have known Mr. Blodgett for three years,
and during much of that time have had a good deal
of close intercourse with him. and I do not hesitate
to say that I have found him true to his word, honest
in his dealings, worthy of the confidence and respect
of his fellow-citizens. That he was indicted for per-
jury in taking the test-oath is a matter of notoriety
On close examination of tho facts X was, and am.
satisfied there was no moral guilt in his taking that
oath. I close this by the remark that it was the
deliberate policy of the leaders of the opponents of
reconstruction here to make it as odious as possible,
and that Mr. Blodgett has been tho center of the
target at which they fired.
Very respectfully, II. K.McCAY.
Hon. William M. Stewart, Washington, JO. C.
