1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Burchard,
Ho. of Reps.
the Constitution upon State officers by means
of which equal protection is secured for life
and person ? The next clause is:
" Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without duo process of law."
Is the power to punish individual crimes
conferred upon the General Government by
this clause? The deprivation must be the
action of the State through its officers repre-
senting the State. The prohibition was un-
necessary as to private persons. No person
had or has the right, except in necessary self-
defense or under governmental sanction, to
deprive another of life, liberty, or property.
This limitation is upon the State, as the simi-
lar prior limitation in the Constitution was
upon the national authority. Neither the na-
tional nor the State governments can now
deprive a person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law. This clause does
not relate to the lawless acts of private indi-
viduals depriving persons of life, liberty, or
property. Such acts are no more the action
of the State than of the United States.
equal protection.
The last clause of this section is this:
" Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws."
It also is a prohibition upon a State, but wide
and general in its application. It does not
enjoin upon the State that it shall provide pro-
tection by its laws, but that it shall not dis-
criminate in that protection. The protection
must be extended equally to all citizens. This
duty must be performed through the legisla-
tive", executive, and judicial departments of
its government. If the law-making power
neglects to provide the necessary statute, or
the judicial authorities wrongfully enforce the
law so as to neutralize its beneficial provisions,
or the executive allows it to be defied and dis-
regarded, has not the State denied? the enjoy-
ment of the right?
If the State Legislature pass a law discrim-
inating against any portion of its citizens, or
if it fails to enact provisions equally applicable
to every class for the protection of their person
and property, it will be admitted that the State
does not afford the equal protection. But if
the statutes show no discrimination, yet in its
judicial tribunals one class is unable to secure
that enforcement of their rights and punish-
ment for their infraction which is accorded to
another, or if secret combinations of men are
allowed by the Executive to band together to
deprive one class of citizens of their legal
rights without a proper effort to discover,
detect, and punish the violations of law and
order, the State has not afforded to all its
citizens the equal protection of the laws.
CONTEMPORANEOUS INTERPRETATION.
The debates upon the fourteenth amend-
ment prior to its passage in the House clearly
show that it was not understood or intended
that the first section should confer upon Con-
gress the power to enforce its provisions upon
private individuals by general affirmative legis-
lation. The interpretation given to it by gen-
tlemen who then debated it, and especially by
those who advocated its passage, has almost
an authority in construing its meaning equal
to that of the writings of Madison and Ham-
ilton in the federalist pending the adoption
of the original Constitution. Of several who
entertained similar views I have only time to
refer to one, the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] who was a member ot
the Reconstruction Committee that reported
this section as it passed the House, and as it
now stands, except the first clause, denning
citizenship, which was added in the Senate. As
the vote was about to be taken on its passage
in the House he said: -
tection
That great want of the citizen and stranger pro-
tion by national law from unconstitutional btate
enactments is supplied by the firstsection of amend-
ments. That is the extent; it hath no more." .
He held up before the House and to the
world the interpretation to be given to this
section. It supplied, he said, protection by
national law against—what? Offenses against
personal rights committed by private individ-
uals? No; simply against unconstitutional
State enactments. And, to fasten this meaning
and guard against possibility of doubt in the
future, he added, "that is the extent," and
clinched this assertion so as to exclude all
claim of other construction by saying, " ithath
no more."
A fair construction of the Constitution, as
amended, leads, it seems to me, to these con-
clusions :
1. That the amendments to the Constitution
do not enlarge the power of Congress to pro-
vide for the punishment of ordinary felonies.
2. That the General Government not only
can, through its courts, set aside an unconsti-
tutional law and treat it as void, but can pun-
ish State officials who willfully and wrongfully
make or execute it, or neglect the duties im-
posed upon them as such officers by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
3. That willful and wrongful attempts of
individuals to prevent such officers perform-
ing such duties can be punished by the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, such is the scope of this bill, u
the amendment proposed by the committee is
adopted.
That amendment obviates in a great measure
the objections and the doubtful construction as
to the extent of jurisdiction for the punishment
of crimes intended by the bill. It is not denial
of protection, but of equality of protection,
which constitutes the offense against the Uni-
ted States. The conspiracies it seeks to pun-
ish are those designed to prevent the equal and
impartial administration of justice. These are
essentially different from combinations and
conspiracies to resisLthe execution of ordinary
process. They must be aimed to prevent the
enjoyment of equal civil rights. The grava-
men of the offense is the unlawful attempt to
prevent a State through its officers enforcing
in behalf of a citizen of the United States his
constitutional right to equality of protection.
It is with this view that this legislation is com-
petent. The civil rights and enforcement bills
heretofore passed provided for the punishment
of those acting as State officers who attempted
to execute the laws of a State in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States. Is not
an individual acting as a State officer, upon
whom, as such officer, the Constitution and
laws of the United States impose the perform-
ance of those duties, also amenable to the laws
of the United States for their noil-performance ?
If the refusal of a State officer, acting for the
State, to accord equality of civil rights renders
him amenable to punishment for the offense
under United States law, conspirators who
attempt to prevent such officers from pertorm-
ing such duty are also clearly liable.
The bill thus amended will—_
1. Afford further redress for violations under
State authority of constitutional rights.
2. Punish conspiracies to deny the equal
•protection of the laws through the means and
agencies by which such protection is afforded.
a3. Authorize the President to employ the
militia and Army and Navy, or volunteers, to
suppress insurrections which obstruct the Jaws
of the United States and the State so as to
deprive a portion of the people of the Estate
of their rights.as citizens.
4. Allow the suspension of the privileges ot
the writ of habeas corpus when such insurrec-
tion becomes a rebellion.
As these provisions may tend to the DUtei
enforcement of law and order and the pro-
tection of civil and political rights, and are not
obnoxious, in my judgment, to the objections
that would lie to the original bill, I hope,
therefore, that the amendments will prevail
and the bill become a law.
SUSPENSION OF HABEAS CORPUS.
The power proposed to be given to the Presi-
dent to suspend the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus is chiefly objectionable as a
precedent. The Executive has not suggested
the impossibility of effectively using the Army
and Navy to aid the civil authorities without
suspending the privileges of the writ. The
bill reported by the chairman of the Recon-
struction Committee of the last Congress [Mr.
Butler] did not provide for such suspension,
neither did the bill he introduced at this session.
It is one of the prerogatives of a citizen and the
great bulwark of liberty. The denial of its priv-
ileges is only justifiable when in case of inva-
sion or rebellion the public safety requires it.
If the exigencies have arisen which seem
now to require the denial of the writ I shall
cheerfully vote for its immediate or future sus-
pension. Is there any reasonable anticipation
that a rebellion such as is described and is
defined by this bill is to be expected before the
next session of Congress? If, however, deemed
necessary by the House, and this clause of the
bill is retained, I have no fear that the power
will be abused by the President. It will do
no harm, in my judgment, but as a precedent.
To no man would I intrust the wide discre-
tion sooner than to the present Executive. His
often-expressed views as to the duty of the
Executive to enforce the laws provided by the
legislative department; his cautious exercise
of the authority and powers intrusted to him
during the war of the rebellion ; his high char-
acter, honesty of purpose, and love of liberty
and Older, are guarantees that 111 his hands there
would be no abuse of this authority, but that it
would be used for the safety and protection of
the rights of the citizens and the preservation
of order. .
Mr. Speaker, I have been surprised at the
character of the attacks made upon the Pres-
ident by gentlemen on the other side ot the
House in connection with this measure. Lhat
those who have been sent here by disloyal con-
stituencies should maintain the prejudices, dis-
like, and hate entertained by their people dur-
ing the war, is easily accounted for and not
unexpected. 13ut the most bitter tir&ues find
invectives come from many northern Demo-
crats, who live among Union soldiers that
.'lory and boast of their proud service under
tiie great captain. Where is there a man ot
this generation who in faithful service and
substantial results has done more for his coun-
try than General Grant? 'fake his military
career, from captain to general, and what more
marked example did the war produce ot earn-
est effort for the faithful performance of every
duty? What more conspicuous instance ot
perfect subordination to superior authority,
civil and military? What modesty character-
ized his greatest achievements! How unos-
tentatiously he assumed the higher and suit
higher honors and responsibilities which an
an°xious people urged should be coui«rred upon
him ' Having safely led the defenders of the
Union through those dark hours of conflict,
what praise was too great, what encomiums too
flattering, what panegyric too laudatory to give
full expression to the universal gnuuude t
But not yet was the measure of the national
debt to General Grant complete. Occupying
the highest rank at. the head ol the Army, a
position to which he was raised as a special
testimonial for his great services, the tenure
and emoluments of which could hardly fad to
continue for life, at the call of the nation lie
reluctantly consented to receive their putfragea
and to cuter upon the discharge of, to him, tint
