1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
558
Mr. STEWART. Judge McCay is one of
the associate justices of tlie supreme court of
Georgia, and knows all about this man. He
attributes all this abuse to the same source
that I do; that, after all, the reason is because
Foster Blodgett has been a pronounced Union
man from the very beginning. He has been
chairman of the Republican committee of the
State; be has been the choice of the Repub-
lican party under all circumstances. He had
the nomination of the Republican party in the
first struggle in 1868. They appear to be
especially his friends. Whatever Republican
party there is in Georgia, are certainly the
friends of Foster Blodgett. There is no doubt
about that. He being their head and he being
a fearless man, of course he would receive a
great deal of abuse; and the case of Foster
Blodgett, more than any other one, has been
made the theme of conversation with me; not
from his lips, because he never saidacomplain-
ing word ; he never described any of this to me;
I got none of it from him; but I got it from the
men who came here, especially the colored dele-
gation. I asked them who of all men had stood
up bravest in their defense, whom they had most
confidence in, and they told me it was Foster
Blodgett; that but for him the Republican
party would have no organization and no ex-
istence in that State. That was the opinion
of all of them. I say I have got it from others.
When I saw the unrelenting persecution of
this man who had held high place before the
war, who had been honored by the Repub-
licans with their confidence since the war,
when I found that'all this venom was poured
particularly upon him, I saw the injustice of it.
No-such accusations as these would have been
dragged in against him if he bad been a Dem-
ocrat, or if he had been a Conservative.
Bryant, the rattle headed Bryant, was before
our committee on one occasion, with all his
spite and venom; but there is nobody here
to come and take charge of the case against
Bryant. There isnobody pursuing him. There
is nobody pursuing any one who woiAd bow
the knee to rebel domination. There is no
one pursuing any one who will desert his flag.
There is no one persecuting or bringing
charges against any but Republicans here;
and Foster Blodgett being the chief of them,
this abuse is heaped principally upon him. I
have held my peace on this question long
enough, and I believe it due to him to say
that I do not believe a word of these slanders.
I believe they are trumped up for political
purposes; that they grow out of political
strife. He may have erred. He may have
done wrong. I would not have taken the oath
that he did, nor would I have taken the oath
that the other Senator from Georgia did; but
they were under peculiar circumstances 
Mr. HILL. When did I take it?
Mr. STEWART. I will answer.
Mr. HILL. I never held an office under
the Government of the United States to take
an oath.
Mr. STEWART. I will answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. HILL. On one occasion I may have
taken a voluntary oath, but it was not to
obtain office.
Mr. STEWART. Did the Senator take the
oath or not?
Mr. HILL. I never held an office under
the Government of the United States in my
life.
Mr. STEWART. Did the Senator take the
test oath ?
Mr. HILL. I have taken the amnesty oath,
and I confounded it once, I think, with the
test oath. I have taken two oaths; I think
their principal features were very much the
same. I have taken these oaths, but never held
au office under the Government of the United
Stares. I think 1 have taken the test-oath
itself; on one occasion I did, but still I have
never heid an office under the United States.
I have not taken it for the sake of obtaining
office ; I have never held office ; I have been
appointed to office, but I have never accepted
office.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator knows 
Mr. HILL, I have said that I have taken
the test-oath. I think I have. That is my
judgment.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator had allowed
me to finish my sentence he would have un-
derstood my allusion to him. I say I would
not have taken that-o^th. I was about to say
it was under peculiar circumstances that he did
take it; but that he was the keeper of his own
conscience. He knew those circumstances
better than I. I am not here to complain of
him for having taken it. I only allude to his
case to show how men construe this matter,
and, with his permission—I shall be entirely
kind to him, I will not say anything unkind—
I want to read a letter about his taking the
test-oath.
Mr. HILL. I remember the letter. It is
to Governor Bullock, is it not?
Mr. STEWART. Yes. Shall I have that
correspondence read ?
Mr. HILL. I have no objection. It has
been published before.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Clerk to read
the letters that I send to the desk.
Mr. HILL. But when you do that you will
open the whole debate. You are putting me
on trial, and I shall go into the trial. 1 give
you fair notice of that. As for your charity
for me, I do not ask any of it; I assure the
Senator I do not want any of it. I have stood
tests that he never would have stood. Nature
never made him to stand them, and he never
could have_ endured them. I tell him that.
I say there is not a human being in the State
of Georgia who knows me but knows that I
would have suffered crucifixion before I would
have held office under the confederacy of any
description, or voted for one of its officers, or
have had any connection with the vile concern.
There is not a man on earth who knows me
who believes that I would. I would not have
gone to Andrew Johnson's convention in 1866
to help him along, as Foster Blodgett did to
pay him for the post office at Augusta. He
was here with a leading Democratic editor of
the State of Georgia on that business, and
invited me to go with them. He is a Demo-
crat when it suits him, and a Republican when
it suits him. I never heard of his being a Re-
publican until 1867, until after Bryant organ-
ized the colored men in Georgia, and gave him
the position that he had. That is the first time
I ever heard of it.
Mr. STEWART. This shows how very hard
it is to make an accusation of this sort against
a man.
Mr. HILL. You are here and can answer
better than the man can for himself.
Mr. STEWART. It shows how very hard
it is, and how, by judging from outside circum-
stances, we may misjudge our fellows. I was
not going to say anything against the Senator
from Georgia ; but I was going to say that
if I had written several fetters such as he did
I would not have taken the oatli. That was
all that I was going to remark. In connection
with that 
Mr. HILL. If the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield?
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield until I get
through with my sentence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada declines to yield, and he cannot be
interrupted without his consent.
Mr. HILL. Well, I will wait until the Sen-
ator concludes.
Mr. STEWART. I will not yield until I
get through with my sentence. I was going
on to say that I have never been placed in
those positions in which men in the South
were placed, and I cannot judge of the cir-
cumstances. It is a matter of conscience for
them to decide for themselves, both the Sen-
ator and Foster Blodgett. I think it unfair to
put a harsh construction upon the conduct of
either of these gentlemen, inasmuch as they
were both known to be Union men; and inas-
much as Mr. Blodgett subsequent to the war
has taken a very firm position in behalf of the
Union, I say the whole case should go before
the country, and they should be judged of by
their fellow-citizens. It is a harsh judgment
to try a man here for perjury after a jury has
acquitted him. I think the Senator from Geor-
gia is wrong in placing such a harsh judgment
upon his fellow-men when he, in his own con-
science, and the world is not questioning it,
thought he was right in what he did. He was
placed in very peculiar circumstances when he
wrote these letters. He was surrounded by
the forces of liis enemies, and we all know it.
His life probably was in danger. We under-
stand the circumstances.
Nobody has placed a harsh construction
upon anything he did ; but I think in view of
what he did, strong as he is, brave as he is, so
much braver than I am, to stand tests that I
could not and I admit it—if, brave as he is,
praise for Jeff Davis could be extorted from
him, that is, an admission that Jeff Davis per-
haps was doing right—under the fearful ordeal
of that rebellion, if he was forced to use such
honeyed words as he did in this letter, strong
as he is, so much stronger than I, so much
braver than other men, is it rema'rkable that
Foster Blodgett, a man probably not so brave,
not so great, not so strong, should err some-
what? Should it not induce a man of this
heroic character, this overpowering bravery,
to look with leuiency upon those who are weak
and those who may have erred more ? That is
all I ask of him. I put no unkind construction
upon anything that he says.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield to the Senator from
Georgia?
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
They ICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio rises to a question of order, which he
will state.
Mr. HILL. I hope the Senator will not
make it.
Mr. THURMAN, I do make the question
of order.
Mr. HILL. Not at this point.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, at this point.
Mr. HILL. I wish to make my acknowl-
edgments to the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the Senator from Ohio on the point of
order, and that arrests all other business until
it is stated and decided.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make my point
of order and to state it so clearly that it may
be understood. The question whether Foster
Blodgett has been guilty of perjury, and much
less the question whether the Senator from
Georgia has been guilty of perjury, is not before
the Senate, and cannot be before it on the
resolution reported by the committee.
Mr. STEWART. Undoubtedly.
Mr. MORTON. That is right.
Mr. THURMAN. Because the resolution
only proposes that he shall take his seat until
investigation can be made, and he cannot be
excluded from his seat on the ground that he
has committed perjury. If he has the proper
credentials, aud was elected by the proper Le-
gislature, he cannot be excluded from taking
his seat pending an investigation of«his previous
conduct, and mat is all the question that is
brought before the Senate by the resolution re-
ported by the committee. Therefore, whether
he has been guilty of perjury or not is not now
the question before the Senate. The only ques-
tion is, is there a prima facie case entitling him
to take his seat'? And if he was elected by a
Legislature competent to elect liini, then there
is a prima facie case. If he was elected by a
Legislature not competent to elect him, there
