1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Revenue Frauds in Virginia—Mr. Porter.
Ho. or Reps.
ing ourselves entitled to the reward of an informer
wlien.in the uncovering of these frauds, we had sim-
ply done our duty as officers of the Government;
moreover, the amounts paid did not cover one fourth
of the tax due on the illicit tobacco disposed of by
these parties.
In the cases of J. W. and Yf. GL MeG-hee, J. M.
Ferguson. Marshall "Waid, G. A. Turner, P. J. Chau-
man, and George W. Shanks, tobacco manufacturers,
all of the information was given by Jesse H. Miller,
a tobacco inspector under my predecessor. He even
made out a list of the number of pounds of illicit
tobacco shipped by each ot these parties. All this
v/iis done in the presence of Asse^or Fernald, De-
tective Alden, and myself. Shortly alter receiving
tliH information, Detectives Alden and Beach (the
latter informed me that he was paid twenty-five
dollars per cliem by Supervisor Presbroy, while on
the trip, and at the same time was receiving pay as
a member of the secret service of the Treasury
J)cpaiLmcnt,) arrested these parties and brought
them to this city. Soon afterward. they confessed
judgment in the United States circuit court, and
paid into court the amounts set opposite their names
in the honorable Secretary's report. Mr. llawley
never saw these parties, nor did he know them, and
he obtained his knowledge of their cases through
Alden after Miller had given to Alden all of the
infoimation.
My understanding of the matter was, that when
Miller ga.ve the inlormation against those persons
that every dollar paid by them was to go to the Gov-
ernment and none to the informer, for the reason
that Miller was released from prosecution, as I un-
derstand, in consideration of his becoming a witness
lor the United States. Supervisor Presbroy knew all
about those cases, and was well aware that neither
Alden nor llawley w<is an informer in any of the
cases above mentioned.
There is one other case from my district, omitted
by the honorable district attorney, that of J. P.
llarkt'lale, mid should have been repoiled with the
e.i^e^ iirst mentioned in this letter, Alden as in-
firmer. Tn conclusion. I would state that in the
wran'.lo before tbcla't United States court at Rich-
mond as to who the informers were in the Peters-
burg cases. I am informed that Supervisor Pretbrey
stated, in E'.nswerto a question, that he iceeived one
third of all moieties received by the emploj es con-
nected Willi his office. I have given you the above
inlormation in order that you may know how the
Government has been deliaaded, and you are at
liberty to use the contents ot this letter as you may
deem proper.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
I. If. WILCOX,
Collector of Internal Iirvenue
Fifth District of Virginia.
■' Hon. Ciiari.es II. Poeteu, M. C , V'ashinstmi, T). C.
I now come to the socond resolution of the
Ilouio, which requested the Attorney General
to furnish to this body " a statement of the
mimes of nil persons, with their places of resi-
dence, who have been arrested in Virginia
since the 1st day of January, 13G8,.for viola-
tions of internal revenue laws, showing in each
en--' whether the perion arrested was indicted,
and if so. whether he was tried, and in cases
where orders o ( nolle prosequi were entered,_ a
statement of the grounds of the same ; and in
the eases of tho^e persons who were arrested
and not indicted, a sfatoment of the authority
hy whom they were discharged."
The Attorney General bases his letter to the
House entirely upon the reports made to him
by District Attorney Wells and the United
States marshal for Virginia.
From the district attorney's report it appears
there were two hundred and thirty-three per-
sons who were arrested, or indicted in the first
instance, for violations of the revenue laws,
between the 1st day of January, 1868, and the
14th day of January, 18(1. Of these, only
eighty two cases have been tried; of those
tried, fifty-six wore convicted, thirteen of the
number having plead guilty, and twenty-six
were acquitted.
The remaining one hundred and fifty-one
eases which have not been tried are reported
by the district attorney as follows: orders of
nolle prosequi entered in ninety-five cases;
four were compromised by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; four discharged by the
court, on payment of costs; one discharged by
the court; fourteen in which recognizances
were forfeited; one escaped; one fled the coun-
try ; one used as a witness, and thirty cases
pending. Accordingly, we find that out of two
hundred and three cases which have been dis-
posed of, ninety-five, or nearly one half, were
dismissed on the motion of the district attorney.
By the unjust and tyrannical management
of the supervisor and his confederates, hun-
dreds of the citizens of Virginia have been
goaded into hatred of the Federal Government
and Administration who otherwise would have
been kindly disposed toward it. The Repub-
lican party of Virginia—I mean the party, and
not the ''ring" of Federal office-holders,
who falsely claim in Washington to control
it—have long felt the importance to^he Gov-
ernment, and the party m Virginia, that the
supervisor should be removed. The Repub-
lican State central committee asked for his
removal in January last, and in various other
ways the wishes of the party on this subject
were made known. The supervisor is a citi-
zen and a voter in the State of New York. He
'* went home" to vote in November last. lie
is not only the chief of the " moiety rinse" in
Virginia, but causes the subordinate officers
of the assessors and collectors to be appointed
and removed at his nod in order to carry out
the purposes of the " ring," and regardless of
the wishes of the assessors and collectors, who
are responsible to the Government for the
proper discharge of the duties of their offices,
and ought to be left to control the appointments
under them.
Not only this, but there is scarcely an appli-
cation on file in any of the Departments in this
city from Virginia for any appointment under
the Government, no matter how exalted ot
how inferior, but wh at Presbrey' s nam e is there
either for or against it, and he a voter in Buffalo,
New York, undertaking to speak for the Re-
publican party of Virginia! Notwithstanding
these well-known circumstances, the Repub-
lican party in Virginia could not effect his re-
moval, not even his transfer to some other
district; though I, for one, doubted the pro-
priety of afflicting another district with his
official presence.
Having failed to secure his displacement in
the proper quarter, the Republican party of
Virginia, in behalf of the dignity of the national
Government in that section, are constrained
to ask Congress to abolish the office of super-
visor so far as that State is concerned. I
know that under the rules no vote can be had
upon the bill to-day, and I do not expect to
be able to bring the subject before the House
again during the present session, which doubt-
less will be a very brief one. But there is a
great deal more to be said in regard to this
prolific subject of revenue frauds in Virginia,
and a great deal more proof to be offered, for
all of which the next session of Congress, if
not this one, will afford ample opportunity.
APPENDIX.
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasuryt in answer lo
a resolution of the House of January 9, in relation to
moneys received bv the internal revenue oOioers in
Virguiia vince the 1st clay of April, 1SG9.
- Treasury Dep moment.
Washington, 1>. C., Fib wary 4,1871.
Sir: Tho resolution of the IIousc of Pvcpvc^enia-
tives ot January 9 requests mc to furnish a state-
ment of "moneysreceived sis moieties by the super-
visor, employee, and detectives connected with tho
office of supervisor of internal revenue fur the dis-
trict of Virginia since the 1st dny of April, 1SG9, and
whether the same were received trom the Treasury
or from the United States district and circuit courts
of Virginia since the 1st day of April, 1S69."
In reply, I herewith transmit two tabular state-
ments, the one showing the amounts awarded, &c.,
within tho time mentioned, in cases where the money
was distributed by this Department, and the other
giving similar information as to cases in which dis-
tribution was made by the circuit and district courts
for Virginia. _Tr
I also inclose aletter from District Attorney w ells,
from whom the latter statement is obtained.
It will be seen that but one aw«ud has been made
by the Department in a Virginia c.vse to smy Per-
son connected with the supervisor's office, 'lhc
remaining distributions, noted m the same state-
ment, were of penalties accruing in other States in
past years, tho decision of which was suspended
until recently in consequence of difficulties which
no longer exist.
Respectfully, yours. ^ & COTTWELL,
Secretary of lite Ti ea.hury.
Hon. James G-. Blaine, Speaker House of Ilepievent-
aiives, Washington, J). C.
Slalei'ic'd of moneys received as informers shares by the supervisor, employes, and detectives connected with the office of supervisor of internal
since the 1st day of April, 1809, <  received from the Treasury, with the name m each case cJ the
rcr.t'jji from whom such moneys were received. ^
'ard.
Case.
I'TUJ..
itfll..
i^VSS .
2S2ll!
20 20..
2494 .
11. J. Xore? 
2\>weil  
jUait'H ilekheck.. ..
Ctiru-;i-ui Biiaiaa!!
S. Kmsoacker & Co .
L indrum c< Fc.-s!er .
liakc r, Beat 'i k Co..
(r. Winner &■ Co  
Banc Alexander 
W. J.Kibb-j "...
District.
Ninth Illinois 
Fourth Illinois 
Fourth Illinois 
First Wisconsin 
Fourth Illinois 
Ninth Illinois 
Ninth Illinois 
First Wisconsin 
Districtof Columbia-
Seventh Virginia 
Otis F. Presbrey 
Otis F.Pre&brey 
Otis F. Presbrey 
Otis F.Presbrey  
Otis F. Presbrey  
Lueian llawley 
Luoian Hawley 
Lueian llawley  
WalterT.Burr and another,
M. B. Tapley 
Supervisor  
Supervisor 
Supervisor  
Supervisor 
Supervisor 
Detective 
Detective 
Detective 
Assistant Assessor..
Assistant Assessor..
Date of award.
Jan. 10,1871.
Jan. 10,1871.
Jan. 10,1871.
.Jan. 10.1871.
Jan. 12,1871.
Jan. 9, 1871.
Jan. 10,1871.
Jan. 13, 1871.
Au?. 20.1870.
June 0, 1870.
Amount.
$922 9I
L50 00
250 00
100 00
25: > 00
28S 52
287 52
250 00
-150 00
4o 61
Ofvioe United State
es Djstbict Attorney, DistwOT of Virginia, Richmond, Viroinu. January 31,1871.
wou^p.^iiy MTrour'aUintion lb the fact that the coorts liavo both been in ** o  •
at'cuiion of mjsr-lf ar.d assistant hu3 been necessarily given to Uv. wuit bu mess.
Very respectfully,
Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell, Secretary of the Treasury.
H. II. WELLS, United States District Attorney.
