558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. SCOTT. What Congress may do with
the States that come iuto the Union that are
in an anomalous, position, or States that come
in as Territories, or States that come in in the
exercise of fundamental rights, is one thing;
the case before us is another; and I neither
see the appositeness of the illustration nor its
application to this case.
Mr. STEWART. But does it not furnish
an exception to the rule, that at the time of
the election the Legislature must have author-
ity to elect? Does it not make an exception
to the rule that the election is void unless the
Legislature at that time had authority to elect?
Now, I say there are twenty instances where
the Legislature had no authority to elect at
the time of the election, and still the election
has not been held void, but subsequent acts
of the State and of the United States in the
States becoming members of the Union related
back and cured the act of election which was
void but for that subsequent action. So it
makes an exception to the rale that the Legis-
lature at the time it acts must have authority
to elect, and that its want of authority cannot
be cured by matters subsequent.
Mr. SCOTT. Now, if 1 were disposed 
Mr. MORTON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield to the Senator
from Indiana?
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to answer the Senator
from Nevada first. If I were disposed to be
diverted from the line of argument which I am
pursuing, I could show at once how utterly in-
qf applicable the case which the Senator from
Nevada puts is, from the fact that there never
were Senators in the case which he puts whose
term of service was to expire and whose vacan-
cies were to be provided for by that Legisla-
ture in the case of a new State coming iu. I
do not wish to be diverted, however, from my
line of argument, for I did not rise to make
any extended argument.
Mr. MORTON. Now, if my friend from
Pennsylvania will allow me 
Mr. SCOTT. I will listen to the question
from my friend from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I beg to suggest to my
friend from Pennsylvania that he narrows this
down now to a technicality, and I think it is
not a very large one. Take the case of Cal-
ifornia. If 1 remember correctly, the people
of California met together and took prelim-
inary steps to organize a State government
without any enabling act. A Legislature met
without any authority on the part of Cougress
and elected Senators. It had no more power
to elect a Senator at that time than a town
meeting had to pass the reconstruction laws,
in the language of my friend from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. Quite as much, if not more.
Mr. MORTON. But the subsequent admis-
sion of the State into the Union was held to
relate back and to validate the election of
those two Senators at a time when the Legis-
lature had absolutely no power at all, and the
action was as much a nullity in contem-
plation of law as any legislative act could be.
Now, when we come to the power of a State:
at the time when Poster Blodgett was elected
the Legislature of Georgia bad a right to do
what? To postpone the meeting of the new
Legislature until after the new term began.
The power existed contemporaneously with
the act. If it was exercised the next day it
would have the effect to make that election
valid. Why not? Upon well-recognized prin-
ciples it had the power to change the meeting
of the Legislature. The Senator admits that
if that had been done the day before the elec-
tion, then Blodgett's election would be valid.
But the power existed, and it was done the
day after the election, if you please. Does
not that have the effect in contemplation of
law substantially, and to all true intents, to
make that election good ? The mere question
of whether it was done the day before or the
day after makes no difference ; we will say it
was done the day after; the power to do it the
day after existed at the time the election took
place ; and when the Senators from California
were elected by a body that had no earthly
power to elect Senators, afterward we came in
and said, " We admit the State and we recog-
nize that election as valid, relating back,"'and
they were held to be validly elected. It seems
to me that my friend wholly fails to make out
the distinction.
Mr. SCOTT. My friend from Indiana speaks
of my treating this question as a technical one,
and that a very narrow technicality. I wish I
could approach this question in any other way
than as a legal question. I felt that we were
all in danger of having our blood warmed by
the eloquent appeal of the Senator from Ne-
vada and getting off on other questions. But
I cannot look on this question in any other
light than as a legal one, for it is that. And if
Poster Blodgett be the best man in the world,
as the Senator from Nevada says he is, or a
very good one, or if he be the worst, as is inti-
mated on the other side, I cannot permit either
of those considerations to enter into my decis-
ion of this question. I approach it as a legal
question ; and it is that, and not a narrow one
either. It is here under the act of Congress
and under the constitution of Georgia, and as
such we must dispose of it.
Now, sir, as to the precedent of California.
It is exactly of the same category as that
which has been referred to by the Senator from
Nevada, an anomalous case ; and moreover it
was before the passage of the act of July 25,
1866, which regulates this question; and there-
fore we have this case under this act of July
25, 1866, and none of the cases cited before
have any application to it for that reason, and
for the reason that new communities forming
new State governments doing irregular acts
are no rule for testing the acts of State Legis-
latures which are bound by their own constitu-
tions and their own laws.
This, Mr. President, was the view that I
rose to egress, that at the time the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, in February, 1870, undertook
to elect Foster Blodgett their own law and
their own constitution contemplated another
election and another assembling and qualifi-
cation of a Legislature before that vacancy oc-
curred, and that having elected him irregularly,
and then afterward exercised the power which
was latent in them, the exercise of that power
did not make that a legal act which was illegal
before. They did not undertake to do it. If
they had undertaken to do it, it might be a
different question. They did not undertake
to legalize that act; and therefore I am inclined
to think that we have here a case which would
be proper, perhaps, under the second section of
this act of the 25th of July, 1866, when the
facts make out, and then I might not differ
with my friend from Indiana, although I do
not propose to anticipate what may be done,
or what may come here afterward. That sec-
ond section provides—
"That whenever on the meeting of the Legisla-
ture of any State a vacancy shall exist ia the repre-
sentation of sueh State in the Senate of the United
States, said Legislature shall proceed, on the second
Tuesday after the commencement and organization
of its session, to elect a person to fill such vacancy in
the manner hereinbefore provided for the election
of a Senator for a full term."
If we decide here that these credentials are
not legal in consequence of the Georgia Legis-
lature having exercised their power before the
time had arrived, then the 4th of March has
passed, theu there is a vacancy, then there is
the action of the Georgia Legislature in pur-
suance of the constitution extending their
time until November next, and if we decline
to admit him here it will be time enough if the
Governor shall convene that Legislature and
they shall elect a Senator; or if there shall be
one elected also by the next Legislature and
when they come here contesting each other's
seats,_ it will be time enough then to discuss the
question of contested power between these
two Legislatures. But, as I said when I rose,
we have not that question here yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President I am of
the opinion that neither of these gentlemen is
entitled, on the face of the papers before us,
to take the oath of office required by law, and
I shall call the attention of the Senate first to
the case of Mr. Goldthwaite.
I believe that questions of this kind ought
to be decided without the slightest feeling,
either of a partisan or a personal character.
So far as these gentlemen are concerned per-
sonally, I should be very willing to vote for the
admission of either or both, and I have no
personal objection to urge against either of
them; and the discussion of the conduct of
Mr. Blodgett, it seemed to me, was entirely
out of place and out of time. So far as I
know, and so far as I have heard, I should be
very glad indeed to welcome him as a Senator
from the State of Georgia. The persecution
to which he has been subjected would rather
add to my desire to allow him to be sworn in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio give way to a motion to adjourn ? We
evidently cannot get to a vote unless we sit
very late. It is five o'clock, and if we are
going home to our dinners at all, we might as
well go now.
Mr. STEWART. I think we can dispose
of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio will give way, I will make a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, I give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Before we adjourn, if .
we are to adjourn without disposing of this
question, I ask the Senator from Illinois to
allow me to ask for an executive session, on
account of a treaty, that will not take long.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is so late that wc
had better adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I will ask but a few mo-
ments to dispose of this treaty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are to adjourn
we had better adjourn now.
Mr. COLE. We can have an executive
session of a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twenty-eight.
While thpfBhair was counting the noes,
Mr. STEWART. There was a misunder-
standing. We want to accommodate the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, and some, seeing him
stand among the ayes, voted with him.
Mr. CAMERON. I vote "no."
The result of the division was announced to
be—ayes 28, noes 12.
Mr. CAMERON. I will only say that I do
not think it will take ten minutes to dispose
of the treaty.
Mr. STEWART. Let there be anothgr
division. Many voted under misapprehen-
sions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Chair again counting the Senate?
The Chair hears no objection, and he will
again count the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 381) relating to the harbor
at Buffalo, New York ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
The question being again put, there were on
a division—ayes 26, noes 17.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate (at five o'clock p. m.) a'djourned.
