1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
sackamento irrigation, etc., company.
Jlr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, also intro-
duced a bill (H. K. No. 373) granting the right
of way and lands to the Sacramento Irrigation
and Navigation Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
ou the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed,
11bvenue reform.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
having been completed, the States will now be
called for resolutions, to be presented for con-
sideration at the present time. The call on
Monday, March 27, (there having been no
morning hour on Monday last,) rested at the
State of New Hampshire. The question then
pending was a resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Parkek,]
on which he demanded the previous question.
The Cleik will report the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
llesolved, That the tariff should be so reformed as
to be a tax for revenues only, and not for the protec-
tion of class interests at the general expense.
Mr. MAYNA.RD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If the previous question
is not seconded, would it be in order to move
a reference of the resolution to the Committee
of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It would, of course.
On secouding the demand for the previous
question, there were, on a division—ayes 73,
noes 76.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Kellky, and
Mr. Parker of New Hampshire, were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided ; and the tollers
reported—ayes 69, noes 78.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNAHD. I move to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COX. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 08, nays 78, not voting
51; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Ambler, Avcrill, Harbor,
Barry, Ligby, Austin lilair, Georgo M. Brooks,
Buckley, Butiinton, Burdett, Cobb, Coburn. Conger,
Cook, Cotton, Creely, Do Large, l)onnan, Bunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Charles Foster, Henry I). Foster,
l?rye, Garfield, Gnffith, Hale, Georgo E. Iimris,
Ilavens, Hawley, John W. Hazleton, Iliil, lloar,
Hooper, ICelley, Kendall, Ivetcham, Lamport, Lou-
sing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McClelland, Ale-
Crary, McGrevv, McJunkin, MelCee, Mercur, Mer-
riam, Monroe, Moore, Morcy, Orr, Packard, Pal-
mer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peroc,
Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle,
Randall, Ellis II. Roberts, Rogers. Rusk, Sawyer,
Scofield, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shollabarger,
Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Snyder, Spraguc,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, TatVe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner,
Waketnan. Walden, Waldron, Wullacc. Wall?,
AVheeler, Whitelcy, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—'93.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
Beck, Bell, Bird, Braxton, Blight, Burchaid, Cald-
well, Campbell, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Crossland,
Davis, Dox.DuBose, Duke, Edwards, ISldridge, Ely,
Earnswortii, Fmkelnburg,-Garrett, GoUaday. llain-
bleton, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Ilolnian, Kerr, King,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Corimok, Mellenry, Melntyrev McKinncy, Mc-
Neely, Benjamin P. Meyers, Niblack, llosea W.
Parker, Eli Pcrvy, Potter, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Wihiam R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sherwood, Shobcr, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Swann, Terry, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Yoorhees, Waddell, Weils, Whittkornc,
Williams of New York, Winchester Wood, and
Young—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Biggs,
Bingham, James G. Blair, James Brooks, Benjamin
P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Clarke,
Critcher, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Duell, Farwell,
Porker, Getz, Goodrich, Ilaldeinan, Halsey, Har-
mer, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton, Iviilinger, Kinsella,
Merrick, Mitchell, Morgan, Morpnis, Leonard
Myers,Negley, Packer, Peters, Price, Raincy, Read,
Ritchie, Sessions. H. Boardman Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Sutherland, JSypher, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Upson, Warren, Washburn, and Willard—51.
So the motion to refer the resolution to tho
Committee of Ways and Means was agreed to.
42d Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 36.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. DOX. I beg to state that Mr. Tutiiill
of New York is paired with Mr. Upsok of
Ohio; if he were here, Mr. Tuthill would
vote " no."
Mr. HALE. My colleague, Mr. Petubs, ia
absent, and is paired with Mr. Cuitcuep. of
Virginia ; if he were here, my colleague would
vote "ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. MAYNAHD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment of public dkbt.
Mr. BELL submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question :
Whereas the Government, of tho United States
was established by the people lor their own protec-
tion and benefit, and should bo administered on tile
strictest principles of lrusalily and economy in its
expenditures, and that no money should be taken
from tho people bj; taxation except to supply tho
necessary wants of tho (Joveriunont administered
upon such principles; and whereas tho money an-
nually raised by taxation upon tho people should
not exceed tho sum of $:25t).t)00,000, said sum bei-n:r
amply sufficient to provido lor theonhnary expond-
ituresof theUovcrnment, tho payment of the inter-
est of the public debt, and in part liquidating the
interest of said debt: Therefore,
JCviuleat, That this House disapproves tho inor-
dinate taxation to pay off immense sums of the public
debt, as heretofore practiced by the Secretary of tho
Treasury, and would limit tho sum lor tho principal
of said dobt to $25,000,000.
The SPEAKER. The moining hour has
expired, and the resolution goes over to Mon-
day next.
ORDER Of liUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to move a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of offering a bill
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. One or two gentlemen
who were not in when their States wove called
desire lo introduce bills for relerence.
Mr. HALE, i will withdraw my motion for
the present.
WAlihS AND PROFITS.
Mr. HOAR introduced a bill (II. R. No.
374) to provide for the appointment of a com-
mission on the subject of the wages and houra
of labor, and the division of proths between
labor and capital in the United States; which
was read a iirst and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee 011
Education and Labor.
GOVERNMENT 1SUILDING AT JBltlE.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 375) to provide for the erection of a build-
ing for the accommodation of the post office,
United States courts, custom-house, and other
Government purposes at Erie, Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee 011 Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
REMOVAL 01? POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. WALLACE introduced a bill (11. R.
No. 376) removing political disabilities of
sheriffs, clerks, masters in equity, probate
judges or ordinaries, and magistrates or jus-
tices of the peace; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and refered
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
GOVERNMENT BUILDING AT GREENVILLE.
Mi. WALLACE also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 377) making an appropriation for the
erection of a United States court-house, post
office, and revenue office at Greenville, South
Carolina ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee 011 Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
MIAMI INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
378) in relation to the Miami Indian lands in
Kansas; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee ou Indian Affairs.
FUliEDMKN1 OK CHOCTAW X AT ION.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (II. R. No.
37lJ) for the relief of the freedmen of the Choc-
taw nation, and lorother purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PAY OK COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A large num-
ber of papers have been referred to commit-
tees at this session, and some of the clerks of
the old committees have remained here and
taken care of the committee-rooms and the
papers referred. I offer ihe following resolu-
tion for their pay:
Jtcw/oeji, That the Clerk of tho IIouso bo. and ho
is hereby, directed to pay tho committee clerks of
tho last Congress, who have continued in aervico
dnrins tho present session, at tho rates of compen-
sation heretofore paid.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman provides
for paying these clerks. For how long ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will modify
my resolution so as to provide for their pay-
ment until the end of the session.
The resolution as modified was then adopted.
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted: and also moved that tho motion to
reconsider be laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
GENERAL AMNESTY.
Mr. HALE. I move that the rules be now
so suspended as to pass a bill for the removal
of legal and political disabilities imposed under
tho third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
The bill was read. The first section removes
the legal and political disabilities from all
except tho following classes of persons: first,
members of the Congress of the United States
who withdrew theretrom and aided tho rebel-
lion ; second, officers of the Army and Navy
of tho United States, who being above tho ago
of twenty-one years, loft said Army or Navy
and aided the rebellion ; and third, members
of Stale conventions which adopted pretended
ordinances of secession who voted for the
adoption of such ordinances.
Tho second section provides that before any
person shall be entitled to tho benefit of this
aet he shall, within the district where heresides,
before a clerk of some court of the United States
or a United States commissioner, take and sub-
scribe an oath or affirmation to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and to bear true
faith and allegiance to the same; which oath
or affirmation shall he forwarded by said officer
to the Secretary of State of tho United States,
who shall cause a list of all persons complying
with the provisions of this act to be laid before
Congress at tho opening of each session thereof;
and tho officer before whom said oath or affirm-
ation is made shall give to the person taking
it a certificate of the fact under such form and
regulation as the Secretary of State shall pre-
scribe.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not this the same bill
that was introduced this morning and referred
to the special committee on the President's
message?
Mr. HALE. It is the same bill; but since
offering it I have conferred with most of the
members of that committee on this side of the
House, and I find that they are in favor of the
bill. I therefore now introduce it again under
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. ARCHER. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent,.
Mr. ARCHER. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to reintro-
duce this bill?
