562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman doubtless
refers to-the rule which prevents the consider-
ation of a measure pending before a commit-
tee. The proposition is to suspend that and
all other rules and to pass the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman lias not
the bill to reintroduce it; it is before a com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. It would not be exactly
proper for the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] to reintroduce the same copy of the
bill while it was pending before a committee.
Mr. HALE. This is a copy ; the original is
still before the committee to which it was
referred. .
Mr. SHANKS. Has this bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it has
not been ; butit has been ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERCUR. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] permit me to offer an
amendment?
Mr. HALE. I cannot yield for any amend-
ment.
Mr. MERCUR. Will not the gentleman
hear it read ?
Mr. HALE. I must decline to yield.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
a suggestion in behalf of the committee.
Mr. COX. I object to debate unless it is
shared all round.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
do not wish to be deemed as assenting to the
remark of the gentleman who reports this bill,
that the members of the select committee are
favorable to it, if that means they favor its
being reported and acted on now without being
considered by any committee of this House.
The measure is one of such importance that it
ought to be so referred and carefully con-
sidered, and that I favor. And in voting against
the suspension of the rules and the passage
of the bill I do not wish to be understood as
voting for or against the principles of this or
any other bill of amnesty ; but only as voting
against its being so hastily acted upon, with-
out the consideration which is always given to
great measures like this.
Several members objected to debate.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes one hun-
dred and nine, noes not counted.
Mr. MERCUR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask whether it
would be in order to move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
the bill for the enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment, and (brother purposes, shall have
been finally disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
to suspend the rules, and no other motion is
in order until that is disposed of.
Mr. COX. Will not the vote about to be
taken pass the bill, if there be two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question was taken, and there were—
yeas 184, nays 46, not voting 47 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barry, Beck, Bell, Bird, Austin
Blair. Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burehard, Caldwell, Campbell, Carioll, Comingo,
Cook, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, Davis,Dawes, DeLarge,
Borman, Bos, DuBose, Duke, Eamcs. Edwards,
Eldridge. Ely, Farnsworth, Farwcll. Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Gai field,
Garrett, Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Ilambleton. Hand-
ley, I-Ianks, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill,
llolman, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham,
King. Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Man-
son. Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick, MrGrew,
McHenry, Mclntyre, McKee. MeKinney, McNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Morey, Nib-
laek, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pen-
dleton, Peree, Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Ran-
dall, Edward Y. Bice, John M. Bice, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Scofield, Shel-
don, Sherwood, Shober, Slater. Sloeum.Sloss,Snyder,
Stevens, Steyenson, Storm, Stougbton, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypber, Terry, Thomas, Turner, Twiehell,
Van Trump, Vaughan. Voorhees, Waddoll, Wake-
man, Walls, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthornc, Wil-
liams of New York, John T. Wilson. Winchester,
Wood, and Young—134.
N>\YS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Buffin-
ton, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Creely, Bunnell, Elliott,
Havens, Gerry W. Hazieton, John W. Hazieton,
Hoar, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McJun-
kin, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe. On, Packard,
Packer. Palmer, Porter, Prindle, Ellis H.Roberts,
Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks. Shellabarger, John
A. Smith, Sprague, St. John, Taffe, Washington
Townsend, Tyncr, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—4<>.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bigby, Biggs, Bing-
ham, James <i. Blair, Jaines Brooks, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Roderick R. Butler. Clarke, Cobb,
Critcher, Darrall, Dickey, Duell, Forker, Getz,
Goodrich, llaldeman, Halsey, llarmei, Killinger,
Kinsella, Mitchell, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Price. Rai-
ney. Read, Ritchie, Sessions, Shoemaker, H. Board-
man Smith, Worthinglon C. Smith, R. Milton
Speer, TiiomasJ. Sneer, Stowell, DwightTownsend,
Tuthill, Upson, Warren, Washburn, and Wil-
lard—47.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the motion to suspend the rules was agreed to,
and the bill (H. R. No. 380) was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. WOOD. My colleague, Mr. Brooks, is
detained at home by illness. If he were here
he would vote "ay."
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague, Mr. Getz,
is detained at home by the severe illness of a
member of his family. If he were here he
would vote "ay."
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say that my two
colleagues, Mr. Willard and Mr. Smith, who
are absent, would, if present, vote in favor of
of this bill.
Mr. MOREY. My colleague, Mr. Darrall,
who is absent, would, if here, vote for the
passage of this bill.
Mr. HALE. My colleague, Mr. Peters,
who is absent, would, were lie here, vote "ay."
Mr. McKINNEY. My colleague, Mr. Mor
gajt, is absent on account of sickness in his
family. He would, if he were preseut, vote
"ay."
Mr.GRlFFITH. My colleague, Mr. Speer,
who is paired on this question with Mr.
Dickey, would, if he were present, vote " ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
[When the Speaker had finally announced
the passage of the bill there was applause on
the floor of the House.]
The SPEAKER. This is the beginning of
the Forty-Second Congress, and the Chair
appeals to gentlemen not to indulge in habits
of applause.
Mr. NIBLACK. It was done last week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then restrained
it at once. There is a stern rule in regard to
the galleries applauding or dissenting anything
occurring on the floor, and, as the Chair has
already stated, it is a bad example to set the
galleries for members to applaud upon the
floor of the House.
withdrawal of 'public lands.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering and passing a
bill to provide for the withdrawal of the public
lands from sale and for the manner in which
they may be disposed of under the homestead
and preemption laws.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the 4th day of March next all the
public lands shall be withdrawn from market,
and thereafter they shall be disposed of only
under and by virtue of the homestead and pre-
emption laws, except so far as they may from
time to time be granted by Congress for the
purpose of education.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman will
so modify his bill as to provide for the loca-
tion of such warrants as have been heretofore
issued to any soldiers in any war, and also of
scrip granted to agricultural colleges. I am
in favor of the principles of the bill, and wish
it to be so modified.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not object to that
modification.
The SPEAKER. The modification must
be in writing.
Mr. NIBLACK.^ The gentleman can with-
draw it for the present.
Mr. HOLMAN. Instead of makingit from
the 4th day of March next, it should be so
modified as to take effect from and after its
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not object to that
modification of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be withdrawn
temporarily, and when the modifications have
been made the gentleman will be again recog-
nized.
IMPROVEMENT OF BUFFALO HARBOR.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 381) relating to the harbor
of Buffalo ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War be authorized, when in his
judgment he thinks it will be for the interest
of the United States, to extend or continue the
contract for the improvement of the harbor at
Buffalo made and entered into on the 20th of
January, 1868.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I move
to suspend the rules to put that bill on ils
passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we are to have that
sort of legislation, I move that the House do
nflw adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
64, noes 49.
Mr. LYNCH demanded tellers.
Telleis were not ordered.
Mr. PL ATT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
adjourn without allowing me to report the
deficiency bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the gentleman
report the deficiency bill, and we can then
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion must
be first disposed of.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 119, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Banks. Barber, Barry, Bea,tty, Burchard, Cox, Du
Bose, Dunnell, Edwards, Eidridge, Elliott, Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Golladay, Hale, IIand-
ley, Gerry VV. Hazieton. Hoar, King, Lamison, Lan-
sing, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McCor-
rnick, McCrary, McJunkin. McKee. Peck, Perce,
Potter, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rico, Scofield,
Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Sloss, Snyder, Stevens,
Taffe, Turner, Van Tiunip, Wokeman.^ Walden,
Wallace, W alls, Williams of Indiana, and Young—50.
N,AYS—Messrs. Arthur, Averill, Beck, Bell, Bird,
Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks,
Buffmton, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Co-
burn, Oolliingo, Conger, Cook. Cotton, Crebs, Creoly,
Crossland, Davis, Dawes. Do Large, Donnan, Dox,
Duke, Earaes, Ely, Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Griffith, Hanks, Harper, GeorgeE. Harris,
John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay, John \V. Hazieton,
Hereford, Hibbard, Hill.IIolman, Hooper, Kelley,
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham. Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
Lynch. McClella.nd, McGrew, Mclntyre, MeKin-
ney, McNeelv. Mercur, Merriam, Merrick. Benjamin
F. Meyers, Moore, Morey, Niblaek, Orr, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Ilosea >V. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Eli Perry, Piatt, Randall, Ellis
H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Rusk. Sawyer, Shellabargcr, Sherwood,
Slater, John A. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, Storm,
St. John. Sutherland, Swann. Terry, Washington
Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner, Vaughan, Waddell,
Waldron, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York. Jeromiah M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Wood—119.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bigby, Biggs, Bing-
ham, James G. Blair, James Brooks, Buckley, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderii-k R. Butler. Clarke, Cobb,
Oritcher, Darrall, Dickey, Dueli, Forker, Charles
Foster, Gctz, Goodrich, Haldeman, Halsey, Ha.m-
bleton, llarmcr, Havens, Hays, Killinger, Kin-
sella, McHenry, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan. Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Aaron F. Periy, Pe-
ters, Poland, Potter, Price, Prindle, Rainey, Read,
Ritchie, Sessions, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, II.
Boardman Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stonghton,Stowell,Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Upson, Voor-
hees. Warren, Washburn, Willard, and Winches-
ter—52.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Williams,] to suspend the rules
