566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
personal explanation.
Mr. CONKLING. I have two memorials
to present. Before presenting them, however,
I ask the consent of the Senate to occupy a
moment in making a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks consent to make a statement
to the Senate. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I send
to the Secretary the New York Tribune of
Saturday, April 8, and ask him to read the
paragraph around which I have drawn lines.
The.Chief Clerk read as follows:
The Cmtom-Hause Appointments— They are confirmed
by the aid of the Democrats.
[By telegraph to the Tribune.]
Washington, April 7.—The fight in the Senate
executive session over the New York nominations
was closed to-day by their confirmation, twenty-nine
Senators, including nearly all the Democrats, vot-
ing in their favor. Some speeches were made on
both sides, and when the vote was roachod so many
of the Republicans had eitherwithdrawn or refused
to vote that no quorum was present. Several Uem-
ocratic Senators were then brought in, and the vote
was taken.
Tho following-named Senators were absent or
• refused to vote: Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cragin,
Fenton, Perry of Michigan, Hitchcock, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton. Patterson, Ponaeroy, Pool,
Ramsey. Rice, Sohurz, Scott, Sherman, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, and Windom.
The following-named Senators spoke or were
otherwise prominentin opposingthe change: Messrs.
Buckingham, Cragin, Fenton, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Schurz, Scott, Sumner,
and Wilson.
It was noticed that Senator Conkling spent a por-
tion of the open session to-day in earnest consulta-
tion with other Senators, mostly on the Democratic
side, and the final vote is probably the result of his
diligence.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the same
journal of the two preceding days published
Washington dispatches touching the same sub-
ject, which were also widely incorrect, and
which gave speeches, erroneously supposed
to have been made in executive session. I
•will not detain the Senate by reading them.
Were these reports unfounded only in particu-
lars relating to me, I should, as usual, allow
them to pass in silence, as I did the other day
when a newspaper stated editorially that I at-
tempted, by disorderly vociferation and clamor,
to arrest the proceedings of the Senate. I call
attention to them, however, on account of their
general statements. We have a rule which
forbids disclosure of the executive proceedings
of the Senate, and therefore I cannot as ex-
plicitly as I would show how wide these reports
are from the facts. The rule, however, makes
inviolate only what does occur in executive
session, not what does not occur. 1 may say,
therefore, that the acts, utterances, and pro-
ceedings thus related did not take place, and
also that the vote and the classification of Sen-
ators are alike erroneous. This, perhaps, is
as far as the rule will permit me to go. L wish
I was at liberty to stale affirmatively what was
said and done ; and doubtless the correspond-
ents who relied upon information so mistaken
will be glad to make a note of this denial, now
made in hearing of the Senate.
I will now present the memorials with which
I am charged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive them.
income tax.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I present
the proceedings of the Chamber of Commerce
of the State of New York, in reference to the
income tax, which will appear sufficiently from
a brief resolution which I will read:
"Resolved,, As the sense of this chamber on an im-
portant subject, atfecting the interests, not only of
the merchants of this and othor cities in the United
States, but of the people ft large, who in the end
bear the brunt of all taxation in the form of rents
and the cost of living, that tho income tax should
be repealed."
I ask, as the rule does not authorize me to
ask more, that this memorial He on the table;
and I beg to commend it to the attention of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher
man,] agreeing with him as I do, and with
the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole,] that inclusively the income tax appears
in the subjects which, by the resolution moved
to-day, it is proposed to consider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will be laid on the table.
protection of life on the coast.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also proceed-
ings of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York, which contain two resolutions :
first, " that the Senators and members in
Congress from this State be respectfully and
urgently requested to exercise their influence in
promoting the measures now before Congress
for more effectually securing life and property
upon the coast of New York and New Jersey
and then providing further, as I need not read
at length, that a copy of the resolution be
transmitted to the two Houses of Congress,
and that a special committee of the Chamber
of Commerce be appointed to aid as far as they
can the members of the two Houses with facts
and information looking in that direction. I
ask that this also lie on the table.
Mr. COLE. I would inquire of the Senator
from New York if that refers to the proposi-
tion relative to the life-stations and life-boat
service.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; and inclus-
ively to other things also. It refers to every
thing fairly adapted to the preservation of life
and property on that coast.
Mr. COLE. A proposition that was in-
cluded in a bill still pending before Congress
looks to the improvement of the life-stations
and life-boat service along the coast of New
Jersey, but not of New York. I call the atten-
tion of the Senator to it inasmuch as there
is a possibility of making it apply to the coasts
of both those States.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask the Senator from
California to speak so that I can hear him. I
did not hear what he just said.
Mr. COLE. I stated that a bill was still
pending before Congress in which ample pro-
vision had been made, by this body at least,
for the preservation of life along the coast of
New Jersey, but not of New York, and that it
was possible during the pendency of that bill,
perhaps in the other House, or in this body,
to have it so modified as to comply with the
request of the memorial that has just been
presented, to afford greater security to life
both on the coast of New Jersey and of New
York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That matter is
now pending in the House of Representatives
as an amendment to the deficiency appropria-
tion bill, not yet having been considered by the
House.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the
table.
SENATORS FROM ALABAMA AND GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
other Senate resolutions, the Senate resumes
the consideration of the resolution reported
by the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
on which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to give way to allow me to move again to
lay this subject on the table. I think it pretty
obvious from what has taken place that we
cannot come to an immediate determination of
it. I need not repeat what I stated yesterday
as to the necessity of proceeding with the bill
for the protection of life and property at the
South, ill view at least of the courtesy that we
owe to the other branch of the Legislature, who
cannot act upon business conjointly with us
under our present rales. With the permission
of the Senator, therefore, I will again move
that this subject be laid upon the table, in
order that I may then move to take up the
bill to which 1 have referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am utterly indifferent
as to when I speak with regard to the creden-
tials of these gentlemen, and if it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate to take up the bill referred
to by the Senator from Vermont I have no
objection. I give way to that motion, retain-
ing my right to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, the
Senator will be entitled to the floor, if the pend-
ing resolution should be laid upon the table,
when its consideration shall be resumed. The
Senator from Ohio yields to the Senator from
Vermont, who moves that the pending resolu-
tion be laid upon the table with a view to fol-
lowing it up with a motion to take up the bill
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken by* yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs, Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling. Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Harlan, Hill, Kelly. Morrill of
Maine, Pratt, Scott, Sherman, Tipton, Wilson, and
Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Blair, Casserlv, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Gilbert, Hamilton ofMaryland,
Hamlin, Johnston, Morton, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury. Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, and Viekers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Cameron, Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamilton ofTexas, Hitchcock,Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Sprague. Stewart, Sumner, Thurman,
Trumbull, West, and Windom—34.
So the motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 295) authorizing the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the Lyon
Monument Association of Missouri certain
condemned cannon ; and
A bill (S. No. 311) in relation to the pay-
ment of the salary of Robert C. Schenck, envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of
the United States to Great Britain.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the hill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire the amendments reported by the
committee to be acted upon as they are reached
in the reading of the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; perhaps it had
better be read through in the ordinary course.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the amendments of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the amendments
are reported I should like to ascertain the
pleasure of the Senate, if I can, as to the
method of considering them. If there is no
special objection to any of the amendments, I
should like to go forward and have them agreed,
to or disposed of; but if there is objection,
perhaps it might be as well not to undertake
to act upon the amendments until discussion
shall have been bad upon the nature and scope
of the bill. However, the Secretary may read
the first amendment, and I shall then, per-
haps, be able to ascertain what the view of the
Senate is on the subject.
The Chikf Clekk. The first amendment is
in line nine of the second section to strike out
the words " against the will and."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps I should say ft
few words in explanation of the amendments.
The committee did not undertake to exerciso
any matter of taste in making these amend
meuts, and did not intend to go beyond the
