1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
scope of the House bill. All that it undertook
to do was to do those things that it thought
essential to make the bill, within its present
constitutional scope and within the scope of
its expediency also, so perfect that it would
fitand the test of a criminal inquiry in the
courts of justice, and to embrace within its
reach some of the objects which seem to have
been accidentally omitted in the preparation
of it in the House of Representatives.
Our effort, therefore, has been, as to all these
amendments, to do only so much as seemed to
us to be indispensable to make the bill a per-
fect working bill upon the basis on which it
was framed. For instance, look at the amend-
menton the second page, in the second section,
where the House bill had provided merely for
a conspiracy to injure a person on account of
the lawful discharge of his duties as an officer
of the United States, that being the cause and
made no provision for a conspiracy to injure
him while engaged in the course of their dis
charge. The old statutes of the United States
make it a crime now to assault any officer of
the United States or beat him while in the dis-
charge of the duties of his office. This bill,
acting upon the same subject, seemed by im-
plication to repeal that provision and to provide
only for punishing a conspiracy to attack or
injure him on account of the performance of
the duties of his office, leaving it to the un-
certain circumstantial testimony which must
always exist in cases of conspiracy, and leav-
ing it to a jury to guess, if they can, whether
this interference with him was occasioned by
reason of the performance of his duties, in-
stead of leaving to the jury the plain fact that
he was interfered with when in the perform-
ance of his duty as the law now stands in
respect to actual interference ; I do not know
that there is any provision for conspiracy.
That illustrates one amendment.
So when you go to the bottom of the same
page you find that we have inserted in the
protective and punitory clauses of this bill the
word "party" as well as witness." The
House had made no provision for punishing
a conspiracy to hinder any person who was
obliged to ■•esort to the courts for redress, but
they had undertaken to make provision for
securing the witnesses and the jurors. It
appeared to us that it would be a somewhat
singular course of legislation to afford no pro
tecuon to parties who had been hindered and
oppressed and who were undertaking to resort
to the judiciary for their protection, while we
undertook to protect the agencies through
which that protection was to be obtained,
leaving the conspirators to conspire against
the life of the party; and if they should suc-
ceed in that conspiracy there would be no
occasion for them to conspire against his
liberties, for he would be dead and gone.
The amendments on the top of the third
page are in the same spirit, which I need not
enlarge upon. Then toward the foot of the
third page comes an amendment, somewhat
longer, which provides for punishing a con-
spiracy for the purpose of impeding and ob
structing and defeating the due course of
justice in any State or Territory with intent
to deny any citizen of the United States the
due and equal protection of the laws. This
we understood to have been intended to be
reached by the preceding provision of the
House bill providing for punishing a conspir-
acy for the purpose of preventing or hinder-
ing the constituted authorities of any State
from giving and securing to all persons within
that State the equal protection of the laws;
bnt we were very much afraid that the vague-
ness and generality of those phrases, they not
being such as have been used in criminal stat-
utes before, would lead to extreme difficulty in
the prosecutiou and punishment of offenders,
even if it might not break down altogether
on account of its vagueness. We therefore
thought it desirable, carrying out the same
view and intending to reach the same end, to
introduce as an amendment the words to which
I have referred, being well-known and well-
settled words used in the statutes and used at
the common law as covering conspiracies for
any purpose the design of which through any
means should be to defeat the regular and due
administration of justice. We regard that
amendment as of considerable importance to
the security of the very ends which this sec-
tion lias attempted to reach.
Then the next amendment of real substance
is on the fifth page, where we propose to strike
out the words from section three " so far
obstruct or hinder the execution of the laws
thereof and of the United States as to." As
the section now stands, coming from the House
of Representatives, these insurrections and
unlawful combinations or conspiracies, in order
to be interfered with by the President of the
United States by military power, must not only
reach the point of depriving as a matter of fact
portions and classes of the people of a State
of their constitutional rights of life, liberty,
and property, and the protection of the laws,
but they must go to the point of obstructing
and hindering in the technical sense (when
anybody is interfered with under it) the execu-
tion of the laws of that State and also the laws
of the United States, putting it in the conjunc-
tive. Therefore as the section stood it appeared
to us that the President would have no right
to interfere at all under this section unless
these combinations and conspiracies should
not only have spread desolation and terror and
death through any given section of a State, but
also should have gone to the point in connec-
tion with that of, in the technical sense, hinder-
ing and obstructing the execution of the law,
which should be brought to bear upon the
subject, not only of the State itself, but of the
United States.
In a case of that kind it would involve a
great deal of difficulty and require a great deal
of proof to reach the point where the Presi-
dent could interfere at all. We thought it
desirable to leave his right to interfere under
thi3 third section upon a plain and simple state
of facts, as follows: first, that there should bo
a conspiracy, an unlawful combination which
should be so far carried into effect as to
deprive as a matter of fact some portion or
class of the people of a State of the rights and
privileges which the Constitution of the United
States secures to them, so that the President
would have a plain and simple case to act upon,
which nobody could misunderstand, which the
people of the State would understand, which
the conspirators would understand, which the
Executive would understand; that is to say,
first, a conspiracy, and second, a conspiracy
carried into effect depriving classes of the com-
munity of their constitutional rights.
Mr. MORTON, I ask the Senator whether,
in the seventh and eighth lines of that section
where the words " or obstruct the equal and
impartial course of justice" are used, that clause
is intended to embrace the State courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, referring to
" the equal and impartial course of justice"
mentioned in the second section on the third
page. This obstruction of the equal and impar-
tial course of justice, however, must, under
the provisions of all this bill, go so far as to
deny and withhold from citizens of the Uni-
ted States that equality of protection in seek-
ing justice which the Constitution of the Uni
ted States gives to them. We do not under-
take in this bill to interfere with what might
be called a private conspiracy growing out of
a neighborhood feud of one man or set of men
against another to prevent one getting an
indictment in the State courts against men for
burning down his barti; but, if in a case like
this, it should appear that this conspiracy was
formed against this man because he was a
Democrat, if you please, or because he was
a Catholic, or because he was a Methodist, or
because he was a Vermonter, (which is a
pretty painful instance that I have in my mind
in the State of Florida within a few days
where a man lost his life for that reason,) thou
this section could reach it.
Then we think it of considerable importance
in the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth lines
of the third section on the fifth page to strike
out the cumulative words—
And shall fail or neglect, through tho proper
authorities, to apply to the President of the United
States for aid in that behalf.
The scope of that portion of the section is
that after this conspiracy shall have been
formed, after it shall have been carried into
execution by violence so as to deprive classes
or portions of the people of a State of their
constitutional right to protection-and equality,
the President shall not interpose unless the
constituted authorities of the State shall be
unable or unwilling—that is the substance of
it—to give them protection, and shall also have
failed to apply to the President of the United
States for that protection. With that clause
in, if any State, through its Legislature or
through its Governor, shall apply to the Presi-
dent of the United States for protection, in
such a case the Presideut, under this section,
has 110 right to interfere and give the very pro-
tection that they call for, for the reason that
his only right to interfere is based upon the
condition that there shall have been no applica-
tion made to him; and therefore, in such a
case, if application were sincerely made by
some Governor or Legislature who were desir-
ous of assistance, or insincerely made by some
Governor or Legislature who wished to tram-
mel the powers of the Executive under this
section, his only power then would be to inter-
fere under preexisting laws purely and solely
in aid of the State authorities and turn the
prisoner whom he should have caught over to
the State authorities to be tried by a State jury
in the very county where he and his brethren
had formed the conspiracy.
It appeared to us that it was right to provide
that when this extreme condition of things
should have arisen, of a conspiracy carried
into effect to destroy the rights of citizens of
the United States to the equal protection of
the laws, and should have gone so far that, as
a matter of fact, the State authorities were
unable to give the protection which they ought
to do as well as we, then it would be quite
time for the President to interfere, and that
he ought not to be trammeled and impeded
in that interference to protect the national
rights of a citizen by any call of a State Execu-
tive, either sincere or insincere, upon him,
which would oust the very jurisdiction which
tho section gives.
Mr. MOBfON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question on a point of detail?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mt. MORTON. I call his attention to the
third section beginning with the fifteenth line :
And in all such cases it shall be lawful for the
President, and it shall bo his duty, to take such
measures, by tho employment of the militia or tho
land and naval lorces of the United States, or of
either, or by other means, as he may deem necessary
for the suppression of such insurrection, domestic
violence, or combinations; and any person who shall
be arrested under the provisions of this and the pre-
ceding section shall be delivered to the marshal of
the proper district to be dealtwith according to law.
Now, ill the absence of the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, I should like to
inquire what can be done under that section.
Mr. CASSERLY. We 011 this side will be
obliged to the Senator from Indiana ifhe will
allow us to hear him.
Mr. MOllTON. I was inquiring of the Sen-
ator from Vermont what would be the power of
the Executive under this third section, com-
mencing with the fifteenth line, in the absence
of a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus ;
what could be done?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My answer to that is
that, under this section, without the suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus the President
and hio forces really act as a posse comitates,
although they are entitled to act under this
