PUBLIC ACTS OP THE FORTT-SECOND CONGRESS
03? TIIE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Saturday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1871, and was adjourned without day on Thursday, the 20th day of
April, A. D. 1871.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was elected President, of the Senate pro tempore on the 17th day of April, A. D. 1871, and so acted until the
end of the session. James Gr. Blaine, Speaker of the House of Eepresentatives.
Chap. f.—An Actio amend "An Act to estab-
lish the Smithsonian Institution for the
increase and diffusion of Knowledge among
Men," approved August 10, 1840.
Beit cnacied hyihe Senate and Ilouseef Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That ''an Act to estab-
lish i,he Smithsonian Institution for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men,"
approved August ten, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, be, and the same is hereby, amended
ill section one of said act, by striking out the
words '' the mayor of the city of Washington,"
and inserting in place thereof the words " the
governor of the District of Columbia," and
that saidactbe further amended in section three
by striking out the words " the mayor of the
city of Washington," and inserting in place
thereof the words "the governor of the District
of Columbia."
Approved, March 20, 1871.
Chap. II.—An Act relating to Honeys paid
into the Courts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all moneys in the
registry of any court of the United States, or
in the hands or undei the control of any officer
of such court, which were received in any
cause pending or adjudicated in such court,
shall, within thirty days after the passage of
this' act, be deposited with the treasurer, an
assistant treasurer, or a designated depositary
of the United States, in the name and to the
credit of such court. And all such moneys
which are hereafter paid into such courts or
reeeived by the officers thereof shall be lorth-
with deposited in Kke manner: Provided,
That, nothing herein shall be construed to
prevent the delivery of any such money upon
security, according to agreement of parties
under the direction of the court.
Sec. 2. That no money deposited as afore-
said shall be withdrawn except by order of
the judge or judges of said courts respectively,
in term or in vacation, to be signed by such
judge or judges and to be entered and certified
of record by tltc clerk, and every such order
shall eaw the cause in or on account, of which
it is drawn.
Seo. 3. That at each regular and stated session
of said courts the clerks thereof shall present
an account to said courts of all moneys re-
maining therein, or subject to the order there-
of, stating in detail in what causes said moneys
are deposited and in what causes payments
have been made, which account and the vouch-
ers thereof shall be filed in court.
Sec. 4. That if any clerk or other officer of
a court of the United States shall deposit any
money belonging in the registry of the court,
in violation of this act, or shall retain or con-
vert any such money to his own use, or to the
use of any other person, he shall be deemed
guilty of embezzlement, and, on conviction,
shall be punished by a fine of not less than five
hundred dollars and not more than theamount
embezzled, or by imprisonment for a term not
less than one year nor more than ten years, or
both, at the discretion of the court.
Seo. 5. That if any person shall knowingly
receive from a clerk or other officer of a court
of the United States, any money belonging in
the registry of said court, as a deposit, loan, or
otherwise, in violation of this act, he shall be
deemed guilty of embezzlement, and shall be
punished as provided in the last preceding sec-
tion.
Sec. 6. That the act entitled "An act direct-
ing the disposition of money paid into the
courts of the United States," approved April
eighteenth, eighteen hundred and fourteen, ar.d
the act supplementary thereto, approved March
third, eighteen hundred and seventeen, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 24, 1871.
j CiiAr. III.—An Act relating to condemned
j Cannon for Cemetery at San Francisco.
; Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jlep-
reseniatiresof the United Stales oj America in
■ Com/ress assembled, That the Secretary of War
i is hereby authorized to deliver to the Grand
! Army of the Republic Cemetery Association,
; of San Francisco, California, six pieces of con-
; derailed iron cannon and thirty cannon balls,
I to bo used in the embellishment ot the burial-
i grounds of said association.
Approved, March 24, 1811.
Chap. IV.--An Act to auiho>'i/.a the Cotnmi_s-
!j siouers to h'<*vise the Ssatuies to Print their
!i Reports.
! [ Be it enacted by IheSenaleand House of Rfp-
H resentatives of the Unite'I States of Awri.cam
i! Congress assembled. 1 hai the proviso in the
act of March three, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, directing "that no printing shall
hereafter be executed except on written order
under the direction of heads of Departments,
or by the two Houses of Congress,'as author-
ized by law," shall not be construed to affect
the printing required by the commissioners to
revise the statutes, in the execution ot their
duties; but their reports, indexes, and other
pSpers immediately incidental to their work
maj' be printed upon the written order of the
commissioner by whom the same may have
been prepared.
Approved, March 24, 1871.
Ciiap. V.—An Act to further regulate the Pub-
lication of the Specifications and Drawings
of the Patent Oilice.
Be ll enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
'■ Congress assembled, That if, in the judgment
l of tlie joint Committee on Printing, the pro-
visions of the joint resolution providing for
i publishing specifications and drawings of the
! Patent Office, approved January eleventh,
eighteen hundred and seventy one, can beper-
! formed under thedirectiori ofthe Commissioner
of Patents more advantageously than in the
manner provided in said joint resolution, it
shall be so done, under such limitations and
I conditions as the joint Committee on Punting
' may from time to time prescribe.
Sec. 2. That the price ofthe printed copies
j of specifications and drawings of patents, when
uncertified, shall be determined by the Com-
missioner of Patents, ten cents being hereby
fixed as the minimum, and fifty cents as the
' maximum price of the same; certified copies
to be sold at the price fixed by the patent act
of eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, March 24, 1871.
Chap. VI.— An Act authorizing the President
to nominate R. H. Lamson a Lieutenant in
the United Stales Navy.
lie-it cnaclrdby the Senaleand fiovse of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United Stuiis ofAmiriva in
Congress assembled, That the P) esiucnt of Uie
united States he, and hereby is, authorized !o
nominate K. H. Lamson a lieutenniU m the
United States Navy.
AppujVed. March 27. !bU.
