1371.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
ment," the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
styled it a "principle"—decided not to vote,
and thus to defeat the measures of reconstruc-
tion. Yet the Senator accuses the Army of
having driven them from the polls!
The election in Mississippi resulted in a Re-
publican victory by a majority of thirty-eight
thousand. Yet the country is informed that
my presence here is proof of his assertion.
Previous to exercising any control in the
civil affairs of the State my attention was
called to the barbarous treatment the colored
people were receiving at the hands of some
of their white neighbors. At one time I was
president of a commission to try men charged
with the murder of some negroes, the burning
of their houses, and expulsion of their families
from the neighborhood. These deeds done by
a mob were cold-blooded and fiendish, and
though many testified to having seen the ruins
of the huts, and the dead negroes, no one could
be found to tell anything of the incendiaries
or murderers. Profound ignorance fell upon
the witnesses when questioned. All were
obliged to be acquitted. Other cases of like
nature came to my notice. Thus was I taught
in the equal rights of a free people. Here
is one illustration: at the recent massacre
at Meridian, Mississippi, though some ten
negroes were killed by a mob, but three men
were found to have been engaged in it, and
they were held to bail at one or five hundred
dollars each.
As provisional governor and district com-
mander, proofs constantly multiplying, often
ocular, still further forced upon me the con-
viction that the colored people were subjected
to grievous, crying wrongs. Senators whose
blood is chilled at the mere recital of their
wrongs can understand my position, seeing
with my own eyes the scars, the sufferings, the
blood, and hearing the helpless cry of thou-
sands to me, the only one to whom they could
turn for succor. I would not, I could not
refuse to extend my protecting hand, the na-
tion's protecting arm, in defense of those who,
innocent of offense, with upturned faces, asked
for life. If my action then was wrong, may I
never know the right.
Previously little versed in matters civil, with
ideas of equality and liberty formed in a New
England village, I could but resolve, come what
might, to pursue the course I did. And this
is my reply to a partisan cry condemning my
interference (as it is termed) by armed torce
in Mississippi.
In confirmation of my representations of the
condition of affairs in the State I submit a
telegram, already made public, from one who
has received high praise from the other side
of this Chamber. In considering the number
of murders it should be remembered that that
SLate has no large cities, but that its popula-
tion is mainly rural:
Jackson, April 2.
Gentlemen: Lest the Government should bo led
a,stray by the reckless statements published in north-
ern newspapers. on the information of irresponsible
parties, and by other misrepresentations, i feel it
my duty, as Governor of this State, to bring under
your knowledge the following: facts. I have before
me the official returns, furnished by the auditor of
public accounts, ot the inquest claims presented and
allowed in Mississippi for the last two years.
For twelve months of military government, end-
ing March, 1870, they number sixty-two. For twelve
months of civil government, ending March 18,1871,
they number precisely the same as the whole year,
then including the transition in the popular mind
from force to law. The civil power has been fully as
successful as the bayonet in protecting life. In the
hist six months of each of the two years undercom-
parison the number of murders thus shown was as
follows: under military government, lbrty-one;
whereas the number under civil government was
but nineteen. While we thus see the military rule
go on in an increase of crime which points to the
presumption that it would lead to anarchy, we seo
the civil rule go on iu a decrease of crime which
points to the presumption that it will lead to abso-
lute repose. I speak for oniy uiy own State.
J. L. ALCORN,
Governor of Mississippi.
Hon. A. Ames, United States Senate, and Hon. G- L.
Harris, J. L. Mobfhis, H. W. Barky, «. C. Mo-
&ee, and L. \V. Pbrce, members of the House.
This telegram requires a moment's notice.
The author says "military rule" means "an-
archy yet he asks the Legislature for " au-
thority to organize and call into the field a
cavalry regiment of picked men." The legis-
lature passed a resolution against the Govern-
or's wishes, as I understand, "requesting him
to call on the United States for troops to sup-
press violence" in the State. His telegrams
show him not a little solicitous that Congress
shall not legislate against Kukluxism. "Abun-
dantly powerful" to protect the people, as he
claims to be, yet he sent United States troops-
to Meridian after the massacre to preserve the
peace. Why did he not do so without them?
In his attempt to present to the country the
number of murders in the State it is unfortu-
nate he did not go beyond the "inquest claims"
recorded in the office of the auditor of public
accounts. The State is rarely burdened with
the "inquest claims" on Ku Klux victims.
His source, as examined by him, shows but
nineteen murders in the last six mouths.
Here is other information on this subject, a
telegram one day later, signed by four mem-
bers of the Legislature:
Jackson, April 3, 1871.
Hon. A. Ames, Senate :
The auditor's books show fifty-four killed from
March 1,1869, to March 1,1870,andeisty-threekilled
from March 1,1870. to February 17, 1871. Keport of
inquest on many known to have been killed since
January 1. 1871, not yet received by the auditor.
National troops were sent to Meridian after tho riot
was over.
A later telegram by one day, signed by the
same persons, is as follows:
Jackson, April i.
Hon. A. Ames:
Auditor's books show killed last throe months:
January, 11; February, 14; March, 23. Auditor
states at least fitteon more killed m March not
officially reported.
Instead of nineteen murders in the last six
months, there have been at least sixty-three in
the last three months. Yet another telegram:
Jackson, Mississippi, April 6,1871.
Hon. Adklbekt Ames, "Washington, D. 0. ;
Thirty churches and sohool-houses burned during
Alcorn's administration.
H. It. PEASE,
Superintendent of Education.
Sixty-three murders in the last three months,
and thirty churches and school houses burned
in one year I This where school-houses are
not plentiful and education not general; sig-
nilicant evidence of the approaching millen-
nium of "absolute repose." Well may the
Legislature, convinced of the insufficiency of
its own instruments, call on the United States
for troops.
Of many letters of the same purport I give
an extract from but one, received a day or two
since from a resident of the State, an ex- Union
officer, brave and honorable, known well to
some Senators here:
"You would bo perfectly surprised to see how the
popular feeling and prejudice ngiunst northern men
has chauged tor the worse. Though absent from
home but some six weeks, I found upon my return
that matters had grown perceptibly worse, and wliata
few months since were good-natured intimations of
what would come to pass in case the Democracy got
control of the State are now loudly and angrily pro-
claimed, arid we carpet-baggers are given to under-
stand that we must leave. Tho Meridian outrage is
fully indorsed by all rebels hero, and in speaking of
the affaii they generally express regret that inoie
Radicals, white and black, were not killed. 1 am
firmly convinced that there exists in every town and
countyin this State a thoroughly organized band of
Ku Klux, aud all X can sayis, 'God help us,' if Con-
gress should fail to enact laws for the protection of
our lives and property."
The country is convinced that at the South
wrongs and outrages, even to arson and mur-
der, are daily perpetrated on Ilppublicans be-
cause of their political principles. Such is
known to have been the case iu 1868. We
are now here to legislate on this subject and
this subject alone.
In 18(191 had to stand between peaceable and
law abiding citizens and this Ku Klux spiiit,
not perhaps so well organized and disciplined
as now. Believing then, as 1 do now, that
Democratic officials would not second my efforts
to give needed protection, having many pain-
ful proofs thereof, and iu pursuance of your
laws, I displaced all such, together with those
who could not take the oath prescribed by law.
That those hostile to our Government should
know that colored men were not slaves but
citizens, and. for their advantage as a race and
in recognition of their claims as loyal men, I
gave them office; to secure their rights in the
courts I put them in the jury-box, and relieved
them so far as I eould from the unjust and
oppressive legislation of their late masters. A
successful and a grateful party sent me here.
I came with no word of deception on my lips.
I stated before the Judiciary Committee that
had I not been elected to this body I would
have continued an officer of the Army. Yet,
after resigning from the Army, and when there
was doubt as to my admissiou here, the Legis-
lature by resolution asked it.
The honorable Senator from Missouri says
Mississippi sent a major general here as Sen-
ator. Let him bear in mind the fact that the
Senator from Mississippi is not a member of
Congress and a major general at one and the
same time, as was the Senator from Missouri,
in defiance of the Constitution of the United
States, which provides that " no person hold-
ing any office under the United States shall be
a member of either House of Congress during
his continuance in office." Is not here an
instructive illustration, showing that of those
who proclaim so loudly of the sanctity of the
Constitution there are some who, when it stands
opposed to their interests, will sweep it away
like a flimsy web?
The honorable Senator had the taste, pecu-
liar to himself, to name the person whom
above above all others Mississippi should send
here, a man who as judge decided that by the
common law of Mississippi a master could
not set free his own children, his slaves, by a
valid will ! The Senator's bold idiosyncracy
crops out visibly. He names a Democrat to
represent a State which went Republican by a
majority of thirty-eight thousand. He says
Mississippi sent a vagrant negro to this Senate.
As to his insult to my late colleague I have
only to say that in all those attributes which
constitute the honorable, high-minded, Chris-
tian gentleman Mr. Revels is in no degree the
honorable Senator's inferior. Forced to a
comparison, 1 by no means intend a compli-
ment to Mr. Revels.
I regret, Mr. President, the necessity which
compelled me to occupy the time of the Senate
with matters more or lefts personal. But when
the Ilepublicansat the South, white and black,
personal and political friends,'ate vilified, and
the President and Congress denounced for
their acts in behalf of an oppressed and a long-
suffering people, Iain constrained to give facts
showing in one State thebaselessness of such
denunciations, and to bear testimony that the
effect ofyour laws has been to sustain justice
and protect humanity.
This discussion is not of my seeking or lik-
ing. Words aud phrases are to me awkward
weapons. Inexperience, inaptness, and disin-
clination tend to keep me from all such con-
troversies. Yet fealty to friends and justice
to myself demand that I return, though with
a feeble arm, all blows, even whpn dealt by
an" unjust, uncourteous, and unscrupulous
assailant.
Mr. JOHNSTON addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, this act
provides that any person who, under color of
any law of any State, shall subject or cause to
be subjected any person within the jurisdiction
of the United Slates to the deprivation of any
rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the
Constltutioti of the United States, shall be
liable to the paity injured for tediess, the pro-
ceedings to obtain which shall be iu the Fed-
eral courts. In the second section, that if two
