334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 20,
42d Cojfg- 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
February twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
seventy one; the amount paid under the pro-
visions of this section to be reimbursed to the
Treasury out of the revenues received under
the provisions of said act of ]?ebruary twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
And the appropriation " for the survey of
the boundary line between Idaho and Utah
Territories," contained in the act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and for
other purposes, approved March throe, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, is hereby made
subject to present use.
Sec. 7. That the sum of twenty thousand
five hundred and twenty-three dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated to pay the claim
of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, provided for in joint
resolution approved February fifteenth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one.
Sec. 8. That so much of the appropriation
for paying the expenses of taking the ninth
census of the United States contained in the
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
.lime thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sevent.y-one, as may be necessary, maybe
used during the current fiscal year; and the
proviso in the eighth section of said act is
amended by adding after the words "eight
dollars per day" the words "exclusive of
mileage."
Sec. 9. That the appropriation of thirty
thousand three hundred and twenty-six dol-
lars " for necessary expenses in the erection,
furnishing machinery," and so forth, of the
branch mint at Carson City, contained in the
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending Juno thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, and for other purposes, approved
March third, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, is hereby made subject to present use.
Skc. 10. That the appropriation for build-
ing a pier at Lewes, Delaware, contained in
sections twelve and thirteen of the act approved
July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seven ty-one, and for other purposes,"
be, and the same is hereby, continued until
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two.
Sue. 11. That there be added to the miscel-
laneous item of the contingent, fund of the
llousoof Representatives the sum of two thou-
sand five hundred and sixty-three dollars and
thiity cents, or so much thereof as maybe ne-
cessary for the pay merit of the balance remain-
ing unpaid upon the accounts of witnesses who
appeared before the sub-committee of the
Committee of Elections of the House of Rep-
resentatives. charged with the investigation,
in the summer of eighteen hundred and six-
ty-nine, of the election in Louisiana in eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight. And for two
thousand copies of Barclay's Digest, ordered
by resolution of the House of July fourteen,
eighteen hundred and seventy, two thousand
dollars; also for pages i.i the Rouse of Rep-
resentatives, one thousand five hundred and
forty-three dollars and fifty-nine cents. For
the compensation of an asssistant Journal clerk
in the House of Representatives for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, twenty-five hundred and ninety-
McDonald, under a resolution of the Senate
of March fourteen, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, one thousand dollars. For the pay-
ments of clerks of committees of the House, in
accordance with the resolution of the House
of„the tenth instant, two thousand dollars.
Sec. 12. That the provisions of the eleventh
section of the act approved July fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seveuty-one, and for other purposes," be, and
hereby are, extended so as to include such
persons as were actually employed in the States
lately in insurrection, in connection with the
Treasury Department, as officers of the United
States during the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven in connection with the revenues of
the Government; and an amount sufficient to
carry out the provisions of this section, not
exceeding fifteen thousand dollars, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 13. That the following sum, or so
much thereof as maybe necessary, for subsist-
ence, for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, of the
Arapahoe, Gfaayeune, Apache, Kiowa, and
Comanche Indians who have been collected and
located upon the reservation set apart for their
use and occupation by the treaties made with
them in eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
two hundred thousand dollars.
Sue. 14. That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office ishereby authorized to approve
the survey of the eastern boundary of Nevada,
made by Isaac li. James, notwithstanding any
departure from instructions which, in the opin-
ion of said commissioner, does not materially
impair the accuracy of the work.
Sec. 15. That the privileges of the act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and severity, be, and are
hereby, extended to the port of Detroit, in
the State of Michigan.
Sec. 10. That any bona fide settler under
the homestead or preemption laws of the
United States who has filed theproper applica-
tion to enter not to exceed one quarter-section
of the public lands in any district land office,
and who has been subsequently appointed a
register or receiver, may perfect the title to
the said land under the preemption laws by
furnishing the proofs and making the payments
required by law, to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 17. That from and after the passage of
this act all powers conferred upon certain per-
sons as commissioners by the act approved
June twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, for the improvement of M street north-
west, and by the act approved July fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, for the improve-
ment of the Washington city canal, shall be
transferred to the board of public works of the
District of Columbia; and the persons acting
as commissioners under said acts are hereby
directed to transfer to said board of public
works all books, papers, and other property
in their possession pertaining to the works
under their charge; and private property shall
bo assessed for the improvement of M street,
and Seventh street southwest, from B street
to the river, heretofore authorized by law, as
providc-d in the act of February twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one. And in
case said board shall, under said act of July
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
decide to open said canal, they are hereby
empowered to open both its branches, so as
to connect with the,Government canal at the
arsenal: Provided, That the eost of said work
shall not exceed the amount already fixed by
law for that purpose.
That the sum of ten thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated, for the purpose of repairing and
relaying, where necessary, the pavement on
Pennsylvania avenue from Fifteenth street to
the east side of Rock creek: Provided, That
a like sum shall be expended for the same
purpose by the proper authorities of the Dis-
trict of Columbia: And provided furl/icr,
That the Washington and Georgetown railroad
company shall in like manner repair such
portion thereof as they are by their charter
required to do ; the work to be done under
the supervision of the board of public works
for the District of Columbia.
Sec. 18. That to correct an error in the
enrollment of the act approved March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, and for other purposes, the
same be amended as follows: In section two
strike out all of the section from and including
the word " provided," where it first occurs,
and insert in lieu thereof the following: ' 'And
tlie_ Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
invite, by public advertisement,' plans and
specifications for such dock, and to award to
any person not in the naval service, whose
plans may be adopted by the Navy Depart-
ment, a sum not exceeding five thousand dol-
lars. ^ But no plan shall bo adopted until it
shall first receive the sanction of a board of
not less than five experienced officers, to be
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, a
majority of whom shall be constructors and
engineers, and one of whom shall be an expe-
rienced civil engineer; and it shall be the duty
of said board to consider all the plans and
specifications laid before it, whether the same
were prepared in the Navy Department or by
parties competing therewith, and the plans
and specifications that shall be adopted shall
be opened to the inspection of all persons who
desire to become bidders, for at least ninety
days before the awarding of said contract."
For three assistant observers at the Naval
Observatory, in addition to the sum appro-
priated by the " act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and
for other purposes," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, five hun-
dred dollars.
Sec. 19. That so much of the proviso in the
act making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies, and so "forth, approved April twentieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, as limits the
completion of the marine hospital building at
Chicago, Illinois, to a sum not exceeding three
hundred thousand dollars, is hereby repealed;
and it shall be lawful for the proper authorities
to expend the money already appropriated for
continuing the work upon said building: Pro-
vided, That no part that no part thereof shall
be expended until plans and specificationssho.il
have been completed that will limit the cost
of said building to a sum, including all money's
already expended, not exceeding three hun-
dred and fifty-nine thousand seven hundred
and seventy-nine dollars and thirty-four cents.
Sec. 20. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized to sell, for th'e best price in cash
that can be obtained, the marine hospital build-
ing in the city of San Francisco ; and the pro-
ceeds of such sale, or so much thereof as may
bo necessary, shall be held and reserved as
fund for the erection of a pavilion hospital on
some Government icservation in or near said
city, if Congress shall hereafter so determine.
Sec. 21. That there be appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, twelve thousand dollars for the
relief of destitute aged persons in the District
of Columbia, such sum to be received and dis-
tributed by such officer or association of per-
