572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
or more persons, within any State or Territory
ofthe United States, shall conspire to put down
ordestroy the Governmentof the United States
-by force, or levy war against the United States,
or to oppose by force the authority ofthe Uni-
ted States, or by force, intimidation, or threat
to prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of
any law of the United States, or take any prop-
erty of the United States against the will of
the United States, or prevent any person from
accepting or holding any office or trust or place
.of confidence under the United States, or injure
any witness in his person or property, &c., or
go in disguise upon the public highway or upon
the premises of another for the purpose, either
directly or indirectly, of depriving any person
of the equal protection of the laws, or hinder-
ing the constituted authorities of any State from
giving or securing to all persons within such
State the equal protection of the laws, &e.,
such person shall be deemed guilty of a high
crime, and shall be punished in the Federal
courts by a fine not. less than $500 nor more
than $5,000, or by imprisonment with or with-
out hard labor, as the court may determine,
for a period not less than six months nor more
than six years. A civil remedy is also given to
the party injured. By section three it is provided
that in all cases where insurrection, domestic
violence, unlawful combinations, or conspira-
cies in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder
the execution of the laws thereof, and of the
United States, as to deprive any portion or class
of the people of such State of any of the rights,
privileges, immunities, or protection named
in the Constitution and secured by this act, or
obstruct the equal and impartial course of jus-
tice, and the constituted authorities of such
State shall either be unable to protect or shall
from any cause fail to protect or neglect to
apply to the President, such facts shall be
deemed a denial by such State of the equal
protection of the laws to which they are enti-
tled under the Constitution, of the United
States ; and in all such eases it shall be lawful
for the President, and it shall be his duty, to
take such measures, by the employment of the
militia or the land and navy forces of the Uni-
ted States, &c. It is further provided by sec-
tion four that whenever in any State or part
of a State unlawful combinations shall set at
defiance the constituted authorities, or when
the constituted authorities are in complicity
with or connive at the unlawful purpose, and
conviction shall become impracticable, it shall
be deemed a rebellion against the Government
ofthe United States, and it shall be lawlul for
the President to suspend the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus. It further provides that
no person shall be a grand or petit juror who
shall, in the judgment of the court, be in com-
plicity with such combination, and each juror
must take an oath tlmt he never aided, &e.
Mr. President, the Constitution provides that
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not he suspended unless when, in cases of
rebellion or invasion, the public safety may
require it. This act avoids the whole prohibi-
tion by defining what shall be construed to be
a rebellion, arid leaving the question of public
safety requiring it entirely to the President.
The fourteenth amendment provides that no
State shall deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws. But the act
authorizes the President to do what is forbid-
den by this clause to the States, and, notwith-
standing the constitutional restraints on the
executive power, takes the whole question away
from the courts by construing what shall be
deemed a denial by a State of the equal pro-
tection of the law.
The Constitution provides that in all crim-
inal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial by an impar-
tial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed. The bill
deprives him altogether of trial by jury, for
the qualifications of the juror are left to the
judgment of the court. It does not exclude
those only who shall not be able to take a cer-
tain oath ; it does not exclude only those in
complicity or who may have aided, but who in
the judgment of the court be in complicity.
The court selects the jury.
Thus, at the outset, we find the judgment
of the President as to its necessity ; his will
alone is substituted for a constitutional pro-
tection as to the suspension of the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus. Congress de-
fines, instead of the courts, the meaning of
rebellion and what shall be deemed a denial
by a State of equal protection, thus amending
the Constitution at pleasure.
That although the President is not permitted
by section four, article four, to interfere in
a State against domestic violence except on
application of the Legislature, or the Executive
when it cannot be convened, he is by this
bill authorized to use the militia, the Army,
and Navy whenever he thinks the congres-
sional definition justifies him, which is really
whenever he sees fit.
" If any one obstructs the equal and impar-
tial course of justice" is added by the Senate
committee in place of the words " and shall
fail or neglect, through the proper authorities,
to apply to the President ofthe United States
for aid in that behalf."
What is the meaning of obstructing the equal
and impartial course of justice? I apprehend
that it has no legal, definite meaning; that it
may mean anything required. I doubt whether
there are many people in the United States
who do not obstruct the equal and impartial
course of justice. It is not its administration
by judicial or executive officers, hut the im-
partial course of justice. Any man who is
unjuht himself in word or deed violates this
law, commits this offense ; the man that lies
and does not pay his debts violates it; the man
who does not obey the golden rule violates it.
What does it mean ? Yet whether you know
its meaning or not, it is that crime the com-
mission of which by one man creates the con-
structive crime called "a denial by a State
of equal protection of the laws," and upon the
occurrence of which it is declared not only to
be lawful for the President, but it is made his
duty, "to take such measures by the employ-
ment of the militia, or the land and naval
forces of the United States, or of either, or by
other means, as he may deem necessary, for the
suppression of such insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, or combinations."
But, Mr. President, this act is entitled "An
act to enforce the provisions ofthe fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes." And, first,
Mr. President, let me observe that the act is,
in my judgment, much more for other purposes
than to enforce the fourteenth amendment.
What those purposes are has been spread
before the country, not only by speeches, but
has been plainly pointed out by the history of
this whole movement, from its initiation to the
present time. It is an aet for other purposes,
undoubtedly. Whether it is properly in any
sense an act to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment is quite questionable.
It is for other, and, as it seems to me, for
very bad purposes, but it is not an act to
enforce the fourteenth amendment in the view
that I take of it. The fourteenth amendment
says that no State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United States ;
having previously declared that all persons
born or naturalized in the United States and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens
ofthe United States and of the State wherein
they reside. Mr. President, has it been
asserted anywhere, by anybody, that any State
had made or enforced any law to abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens? No, sir.
If it has, I have not heard it.
How, then, ia the power to pass this bill
obtained ? Not certainly by section five of the
amendment, for this is not in any sense appro-
priate legislation to enforce the provisions of
the article.
Mr. President, the construction of the four-
teenth amendment necessary to make this bill
constitutional is simply this : that as the amend-
ment provided that no State should deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any
persou within its jurisdiction the equal pro-
tection of the laws, therefore Congress can,
whenever it pleases, interfere with all these
rights, restrict and deny them in despite of
all the express reservations and prohibitions
contained in the amendments, articles one,
four, five, nine, and ten ; or, in other words,
because no State can, Congress may ; or, in
other words, the denial of power to a State
confers it on Congress. Nay, more ; you claim
the power to subordinate the whole Bill of
Rights to the absolute and uncontrolled will of
one man, who is the commander of the Army
and Navy, and whose executive powers are
limited and defined by article two, and who, if
he steps beyond these powers without author-
ity of an amendment to the Constitution, is
simply a usurper.
No act of Congress can authorize or make
a law respecting an establishment of religion,
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the
press. Would it be appropriate legislation to
enforce this amendment that Congress should
pass an act prohibiting a State from doing so
or directing it to do so ? Congress is simply
restrained from doing this itself.
No person shall be subject to be twice put
in jeopardy of life and limb for the same offense,
nor deprived of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law. Congress is restrained
from doing this by article five of the amend-
ments. Now, I do not think thatunder a simi-
lar clause to that in the fifteentn amendment,
giving Congress power to enforce it by appro-
priate legislation, Congress could authorize
the President, or any one else, to deprive any
citizen of any State whatever—New York or
New Jersey, Georgia or North Carolina—
of life, liberty, and property, without due pro-
cess of law, or put him twice in jeopardy for
the same offense. This violation by Congress
itself aud attempt to authorize the Executive
to violate the absolute and express restrictions
on this power contained in the Constitution,
because a subsequent amendment is added
winch prohibits the States from doing what
the Congress was always prohibited from doing,
is not only not appropriate legislation, but it
is in derogation of the fourteenth amendment
itself as well as the previous article, or at least
the spirit of it, which is to protect life, liberty,
aud property.
Article nine provides that the enumeration
in the Constitution of certain rights shall not
be construed to deny or disparage others re-
tained by the people. So in article ten, the
powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people. So that an attempt on the
part of Congress to exercise powers notgranted,
and much more, powers prohibited, is a usurpa-
tion that cannot be justified by any legislation
under the fourteenth amendment, which only
restricts States in matters wherein the Con-
gress was already restricted.
This being plain, Mr. President, in order
to make a plausible argument m favor of the
power of Congress to violate not only local
self-government, but all those personal rights
which our ancestors had won by their fearless-
ness and independence, and without the con-
cession of which no constitution or union of
these free and independent States could have
been agreed upon or formed, it becomes neces-
sary to use some new rules of construction and
some strange arguments.
First. It is said that the relations which
