1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
existed before were destroyed by the civil
war, and that the constitutional rights of the
people, as well as the admitted rights of the
Stales lately in rebellion, were all forfeited;
they exist only by the "clemency" of the con-
queror; that, being slaves of their swords and
spears, they will do with these States, as well
as their inhabitants, as they see fit, changing
their mood, of course, as the changeful needs
of political necessity demand.
Second. It is insisted that when the four-
teenth amendment declares that "all persons
born or naturalized ill the United States shall
be citizens of the United States" the privileges
of that citizenship attach to every individual,
and the United States Government is bound
to protect them. These privileges are alleged
to be such as are asserted in the Declaration
of Independence, namely, "the enjoyment of
life and liberty, with th# right to acquire and
possess property." That this makes it the
duty of the General Government to protect all
its citizens in all their rights, therefore, if
some of them are alleged in small localities to
be interfered with, Congress may destroy the
whole framework of the States, the whole
machinery of self-government, and violate, as
to the whole body of the people, every provis-
ion of the Bill of Eights, make itself omnip-
otent, and place the life and liberty of every
human being at the absolute mercy of the
President, thus destroying the Constitution
absolutely, everything of value in it, in order
that they may do the work of local self-gov-
ernment, thereby changing the whole theory
of our Government.
Under this construction it is claimed you
may give any power you please to the Pres-
ident. and make his will the law of the land,
overriding the constitutional restraints imposed
on the executive power, notwithstanding Con-
gress is absolutely in terms prohibited from
doing it. He may assume by your direction
the judicial power and hold the assizes in the
State of North Carolina under the absolute
claims made under this construction of the
fourteenth amendment, and which construc-
tion is needed to support this bill.
Third. But it is said that Congress had the
uudoubted right to guaranty to each State a
republican form of government; and although
the old expounders always considered that that
was only a guarantee that it should not be
monarchical or imperial, but republican in
form, and although it was but a guarantee, an
assurance, yet the advocates of these measures
say, " We will, if we find it necessary in order
to 'deal' with these States, claim to derive
our authority from that power; we will guar-
anty a republican form of government by
destroying the government altogether and re-
ducing the people to slavery, notwithstanding
we have already declared that the form was
republican in our reconstruction acts." They
protectthem from invasion by destroyingthem.
Fourth. But if this will not enable them to
support the bill, then they claim the right by
that great unwritten constitution, the great
advantage of which over all other constitu-
tions is apparent. Inasmuch as it has been
created since the new improvements in the
manufacture of india-rubber, it is admirably
adapted to all conditions of a nation, good
alike in war and peace; and having been cre-
ated and adapted without requiring the assent
of those to be governed", can be altered pre-
cisely as those in power desire.
Fifth. They seek further support from the
maxim, soluspopuli supremo* lex.
Yet this lias always been considered as the
argument of intolerable despotism if attempted
to be used when the necessity did not abso-
lutely require it. But our condition, it is
assumed, is now so desperate, we are in so
great straits, that the Government must be
overthrown to save the people; or, in other
words, we find the only means of safety, rev-
olution.
The first claim made, as I have said, is the
claim of the conqueror. Your right is by con-
quest ! If that be true, you have forfeited the
solemn pledge made by all parties, when the
war was declared to be not for purposes of
subjugation but to restore the States in all
their integrity. The ghosts of the dead rise
up against you as witnesses ; the soldiers were
then deceived, and as you decorate their graves
you mock their memory. But, again, by the
argument you admit that you have given up all
hope of a republican government, and while
you are prating of your duty to guaranty the
form republican, you avow that you mean to
create a military despotism in fact. But, before
you resort to this argument, you must also ask
whether it is not contrary to the terms of the
capitulation, whether you were permitted to
make slaves of the captives. Ask your Pres-
ident. But, again, the provisions of the bill
apply to all the States, those who were never
charged with any crime ; who never forfeited
by any act their right to exercise a local self-
government, and confine the legislative, judi-
cial, and executive powers within the channels
marked out by our fathers, only to be amended
as prescribed and agreed upon and therein
declared. So this argument, most singular in
any mouth at this stage of the world, is also
inapplicable, and cannot support this bill.
But if you had such a power you exhausted
and destroyed it, you made your own terms,
you forced on these States fundamental con-
ditions which destroyed their equality, and,
under the plea of the necessity of "guarantees
for the future," made them stipulate never to
undo your work. You have gazed with fond-
ness on the new creature you had created ; you
have pronounced that it was good, that the
constitutions formed by the States wererepub
lican. You have admitted their Senators on
this floor, and in the other House sit their
Representatives. Now, if this was legal, con-
stitutional, if reconstruction was not a cruel
farce, if all that is done is valid, fundamental
conditions and far-seeking guarantees, then
the fabric is as sacred from your invading hand
as from mine and theirs ; and you admit that
you raise now your suicidal hand against your
own work and the Constitution ot your own
country. When you violate the rights of any
one of the States which you have acknowl
edged, you are doing just what you complained
of the South for doing. You are attempting
to right your wrongs, real or imaginary, by
unconstitutional force. You cannot, after six
years of reconstruction, while you laud and
magnify yourselves and your creatures, at the
same time declare that chaos exists and com-
mence a new creation.
But, secondly, it is said that, whatever might
have been the case before, under the four-
teenth amendment Congress is bound to pro-
tect United States citizens in all their privi-
leges, theenjoymentof life, liberty, &c., under
which I believe the liadical party include the
right to vote, the exercise of the right of suffrage.
This was declared to be a God-given, natural
right; it was dignified by the name of " man-
hood suffrage;" the simple fact being that who
shall vote and who shall not vote is nothing
but a question of expediency, dependent, not
upon race or color, but upon fitness, which
determines properly who shall exercise the
right of choosing their representatives, indi-
rectly assisting in making the law, and govern-
ing the country. But to prevent any Stale
from passing laws or using their constitutions
to abridge the rights of citizens of' the United
States, (who are therein declared to be all
persons born or naturalized therein.) whether
suffrage be one or not, is the object of this
amendment; to abrogate any clause in the
State constitutions which would operate to do
it; to prevent State laws from being passed
whose object might be to do it, and to enforce
the amendment; that is, to attain this end by
such constitutional legislation as Congress may
deem necessary, through constitutional means,
through the United States courts and marshals
and judges, authorized to call for aid whenever
necessary, and protected already with the whole
power of our Government, but not to claim, as
is done by the advocates of this bill, that the
power to prevent the State from doing these
constitutional acts gives authority to the United
States to destroy the autonomy of the States and
make war on the people thereof, when it is not
and never has been even alleged that any State
ever had contemplated any of the acts forbid-
den, but simply that crimes against the laws
of the United States of various grades and
kinds, as well as the States, had occurred in
all the States, as they always have and will do,
the only organized and dangerous one, making
necessary the proclamation of the Governor
calling for a large militia force, being at the
present moment in the State of Pennsylvania,
it is a singular spectacle that while the chair-
man of this Committee on Southern Outrages
is so vehement a denouncer of organized
crime, that while he has devoted his whole
energy to the dreadful and herculean task of
magnifying the offenses of the southern people
against their own laws into revolution against
the United States, he should awaken so sud-
denly to the solemn fact that he has it really
at his own door in much greater proportions.
The only occasion, sir, in the history of our
country when it has been found necessary for
the General Government to require the aid of
the militia to execute the laws of the United
States was to suppress the insurrection in Penn-
sylvania in 1701.
Governors Alcorn and Lindsley and Sen-
ators West and Stevenson and Hill, deny
indignantly that any such necessity exists as
justifies this bill in their States. Yet Gov-
ernor Geary calls promptly and immediately
for a large force from a distance, as the rioters
are numerous and bold. But, sir, I have no
doubt of the power of Governor Geary speed-
ily and promptly, with his brave militia, to
preserve the peace of Pennsylvania. The
ICu lvlux in Pennsylvania can and will, in a
reasonable time, be suppressed without any
assistance from the President, and without sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus, or even a
declaration of war against Pennsylvania by the
General Government; and if GovernorGeary
could not do it with the militia he can ask for
aid, and the whole United States forces would
go there if necessary, constitutionally, in the
cause of the State, and not to make war on
her and her people and destroy them.
The fourteenth amendment was intended to
prevent States from passing laws (or in any
other way, for the sake of the argument, if
you please) abridging the rights of what are
declared to be citizens of the United States
and the State wherein they reside. Nor can
they deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law. This
clause was before in the Constitution by the
fifth amendment, as restrictive on Congress
and the General Government. If, therefore,
the power to carry out the fourteenth amend-
ment (as it cannot, of course, enlarge the
power itself) enables the Congress to make
war on a State and take possession of it and
establish a military government, on the sim-
ple allegation that crimes are committed
against the laws of the United States and the
rights of citizens, you are driven to the con-
struction of the restriction in the fifth amend-
ment, which would authorize States, by ex-
press constitutional provision, to deprive thoir
citizens of life, liberty, and property, which
were matters provided for by their own con-
stitutions.
It is manifestly absurd to call this a grant
of power to the States. This was a prohibition
to the United States, as the fourteenth amend-
ment is to the States, and the power to enforce
was a matter of course. The principle, as
asserted in the arguments for the bill, is that
because life, liberty, and property are forbid-
den to be invaded by the States, the United
States can, in defense of citizens of the United
