336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
[April 20,
42b Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
conspiracies in any State shall so obstruct or
hinder the execution of the laws thereof, and
of the United States, as to deprive anyportion
or class of the people of such State of any of
the rights, privileges, or immunities, or pro-
tection, named in the Constitution and secured
by this act, and the constituted authorities of
such State shall either be unable to protect, or
shall, from any cause, fail in or refuse protec-
tion of the people in such rights, such facts
shall be deemed a denial by such State of the
equal protection of the laws to which they are
entitled under the Constitution of the United
States ; and in all such cases, or whenever any
such insurrection, violence, unlawful combin-
ation, or conspiracy shall oppose or obstruct
the laws of the United States or the due exe-
cution thereof, or impede or obstruct the due
course of justice under the same, it shall be
lawful for the President, and it shall be his
duty, t,o take such measures, by the employ-
ment of the militia or theland and navalforces
of the United States, or of either, or by other
means, as he may deem necessary for the sup-
pression of such insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, or combinations; and any person who
shall be arrested under the provisions of this
and the preceding section shall be delivered to
the marshal of the proper district, to be dealt
with according to law.
Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part
of a State the unlawful combinations named in
the preceding section of this act shall be organ-
ized and armed, and so numerous and power-
ful as to be able, by violence, to either over-
throw or set at defiance the constituted author-
ities of such State, and of the United States
within such State, or when the constituted au-
thorities are in complicity with, or shall con-
nive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by
reason of either or all of the causes aforesaid,
the conviction of such offenders and the pres-
ervation of the public safety shall become in
such district impracticable, in every such case
such combinations shall bo deemed a rebel-
lion against the Government of the United
States, and during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within the limits of the district
which shall be sounder the sway thereof, such
limits to be prescribed by proclamation, it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, when iu his judgment the public safety
shall require it, to suspend the privileges of
the writ of habeas corpus, to the end that such
rebellion may be overthrown : Provided, That
alt the provisions of the second section of an
act entitled ''An act relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings iu certain
cases," approved .March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, which relate to the dis-
charge of prisoners other than prisoners of
war, and to the penalty for refusing to obey
(he order of the court, shall bo in full force
so far as the same are applicable to the pro-
visions of this section : Provided farther, That
the President shall (irst have made proclama-
tion, as now provided by law, commanding
such insurgents to disperse: And provided
also, That the provisions of this section shall
not be in foree after the end of the next regu-
lar session of Congress.
Sec. 5. That no person shall be a grand or
petit juror in any court of the United States
upon any inquiry, hearing, or trial of any suit,
proceeding, or prosecution based upon or aris-
ing under the provisions of this act who shall,
in the judgment of the court, be in complicity
with any such combination or conspiracy; and
every such juror shall, before entering upon
any such inquiry, hearing, or trial, take and
subscribe an oath iu open court that he has
never, directly or indirectly, counseled, ad-
vised, or voluntarily aided any such combina-
tion or conspiracy; and each and every person
who shall take this oath, and shall therein
swear falsely, shall be guilty of perjury, and
shall be subject to the pains and penalties
declared against that crime, and the first sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act defining addi-
tional causes of challenge and prescribing an
additional oath for grand and petit jurors in
the United States courts," approved June
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. That any person or persons, having
knowledge that any of the wrongs conspired
to be done and mentioned in the second sec-
tion of this act are about to be committed, and
having power to prevent or aid in preventing
the same, shall neglect or refuse so to do, and
such wrongful act shall be committed, such
person or persons shall be liable to the person
injured, or his legal representatives, for all
damages caused by any such wrongful act
which such first-named person or persons by
reasonable diligence could have prevented;
and such damages may be recovered in an action
on the case in the proper circuit court of the
UnitedStates, andany number ofpersonsguilty
of such wrongful neglect or refusal may be
joined as defendants in such action: Provided,
That such action shall be commenced within
one year after such cause of action shall have
accrued; and if the death of any person shall
be caused by any such wrongful act and neglect,
the legal representatives of such deceased per-
son shall have such action therefor, and may
recover not exceeding five thousand dollars
damages therein, for the benefit of the widow
of such deceased person, if any there be, or if
there be no widow, for the benefit of the next
of kin of such deceased person.
Sec. 7. That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to supersede or repeal any former
act or law except so far as the same may be
repugnant thereto; and any offenses heretofore
committed against the tenor of any former act
shall bo prosecuted, and any proceeding already
commenced for the prosecution thereof shall
be continued and completed, the same as if
this act had not been passed, except so far as
the provisions of this act may go to sustain and
validate such proceedings.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of New Mexico, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Legislature of
the Territory of New Mexico be, and it is
hereby, authorized to convene on the first
Monday of December, A. D. eighteen hundred
and seventy-one; and that an election for the
members of both branches of said Legislature
be authorized to be held on the day of the next
general election, under the existing laws of said
Territory.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act concerning the Com-
pensation of the Collector of Customs for
the District of Willamette, in the State of
Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section one of the
act approved June fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, entitled "An act to estab-
lish the collection district, of Willamette, in
the State of Oregon," shall be, and is hereby,
amended as follows: Strike out all of said sec-
tion after the words "to reside at Portland,"
and insert in lieu thereof, "and said collector
shall be allowed a salary at the rate of one
thousand dollars per annum, with the fees
allowed by law, and a commission on all cus-
toms money collected and accounted for by
him, such salary, fees, and commissions not to
exceed at the rate of three thousand dollars per
annum."
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXY.—An Act amending an Act to
reduce Internal Taxes, and for other pur-
poses, approved July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thirty-second
section of said act is hereby amended by adding
to the last clause thereof as follows: Provided,
That in case of difference in width of gauges
of connecting railroads, the goods may be im-
mediately transferred from one car to another
under the personal supervision of an inspector,
and such rules and regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to amend the Act
approved June sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, entitled "An Act providing
for the [s]election of Jurors to serve in the
several Courts of the District of Columbia.
Whereas, by the first section of said act, the
list of jurors to serve in said courts is to be
made by the register of Washington city, and
the clerks of the city of Georgetown, and levy
court of Washington county, and said officers
are abolished by the act approved February
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, entitled "An act to provide a govern-
ment for the District of Columbia:" There-
fore,
Beit enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, until the Legislative
Assembly shall otherwise provide, the supreme
court of the District of Columbia may, by
orders in general term from time to time, desig-
nate necfissary officers or persons to make the
lists of jurors for service in said court, instead
of said abolished officers.
Sec. 2. That the justice holding the special
term usually called the circuit court, may order
talesmen to be summoned by the marshal when-
ever the panel drawn for service in said court,
for any reason, becomes defective.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be, and
are hereby, established as post roads:
INDIANA.
From Martinsville, via Oakfarm and Nash-
ville, to Elkinsville.
From Franklin, via Bargersville and Cope,
to Martinsville.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
cnap. XXVIII.—An Act to establish Post
Routes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post routes, to wit:
arkansas.
From Lamartine, in Columbia county, to'
Centerville, in Hempstead county.
From Mt. Ida, via Iron Sulphur Springs and
Shipman Reeds', to Bluffton.
illinois.
From Saint Elmo, Fayette county, via Hick-
ory Creek and Lester, t® Patoka.
From Olney, via Onion Hill, Swanstown,
