1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5.7 o
the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, I had intended to object to all these
amendments upon that ground. It is not my
purpose to go into any general argument upon
this bill, and I am not in a condition to do so
this afternoon, if I designed to do so at any
time. I shall content myself with stating
merely what I suppose to be the principle
involved in the bill, and what the effect of
these amendments is. I shall do this without
any considerable argument or attempt at illus-
tration.
I am sorry that while a bill of so much im-
portance is under consideration the Senate is
so thin, and should give so little attention to
the principles which are involved in it; princi-
ples which go to the foundation of the Gov-
ernment,; principles which, if carried out,
may change the character of the Government.
Whether it may be best to change the char-
acter of the Government is a very serious
question for the consideration of the Amer-
ican people. It should not be lightly done.
Whether we have done so in the amendments
which have been made to the Constitution of
the United States since the war, is a question
that deserves and should receive serious con-
sideration, before, by legislation, we adopt a
policy that virtually does make such a change.
Mr. President, the Government of the Uni-
ted States was formed for national and general
purposes, and not for the protection of the
individual in his personal rights of person and
property. The rights of individuals were left,
when the Constitution was formed, to the pro-
tection of the States. It was thought by the
men who made the Government that personal
liberty could be more safely left to the pititec-
tion of the local authorities of the States than
bo conferred upon the General Government.
Hence, when the Constitution of the United
States was formed, it was formed for general
purposes, for the purpose of establishing a na-
tion with national authority, authority to make
war, to conclude peace, to make treaties, to
regulate commerce between the States and with
foreign Governments, and to do various things
of a national character; but the protection of
the individual citizen was left to the States,
except that there is a clause in the Constitu-
tion of the United States which declares that
the eitiaens of each State shall be entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citizensof
the several States. That was a provision of
a national character, too.
After the Union was formed the whole power
of the Government was pledged to defend the
rights of an American citizen against improper
encroachments by foreign Powers; and inas-
much as the right of the States to protect their
citizens outside of their limits was conceded
to the federal Government, the Federal Gov-
ernment undertook to see that the citizen of
each State should have all the rights and priv-
ileges conceded to citizens of the severalStates;
that is to say, a citizen of the United States in
Germany or France or England should receive
the same protection that was granted to other
foreigners in those countries, and the citizen
of Massachusetts should be protected by the
Federal Government in his rights when he
went to Carolina in the same manner as the
citizen of Carolina was protected by the laws
of that State.
This was the character of the Federal Gov-
ernment as originally formed. The personal
rights of individuals were at the mercy of the
State governments in the respective States.
We all know that until 1808 the Constitution
of the United States permitted the various
States of the Union to bring persons from other
countries into their borders and make them
slaves. We know that, under the Constitution
of the United States previous to the war, every
person of African descent born in certain States
of the Union was aslave, deprived of all rights,
and, in some, laws were passed reducing to sla-
very free persons of color. Tbe Constitution
in that respect has been changed by the thir-
teenth amendment, which declares that slavery
shall no longer exist in the United States; and
it is not competent now for any State to make
aslave of any person within its jurisdiction,
and the Federal Government is clothed with
authority to prevent that being done.
Under that authority there was passed, shortly
after its enactment, a law known as the civil
rights act, which undertook to give effect to
the thirteenth amendment and protect those
who had been slaves in the same rights as
were conceded to white citizens. The civil
rights act did not undertake to protect those
who had been slaves, nor whites, in particu-
lar rights;"but it declared that the rights of
the colored people should be the same as
those conceded to the white people in certain
respects, which were named in the act. The
necessity for that legislation grew out of the
laws in several of the then late slaveholding
States which denied to persons of color the
ordinary and fundamental rights which were
conceded to white citizens.
In Mississippi there were laws authorizing
colored persons to be sold into slavery or sold
out for a limited period in case they were found
without employment a certain number of days
after the 1st of January of any year. There
were laws in other States that subjected colored
persons, if they were found upon the highway
aud away from their homes without passes, to
arrest and imprisonment. All these laws,
which were the incidents of slavery, it was
insisted, fell with the abolition of slavery;
but, inasmuch as such laws existed in various
States, it was thought advisable to pass a law
of Congress securing to the colored people
their rights in certain respects, (without which
freedom would have been but a name) to the
same extent as to white persons.
Subsequently to the enactment of the civil
rights act the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment was adopted. That amendment in its
first clause is but a copy of the civil rights act,
declaring that all persons born in the United
States and not subject to any foreign jurisdic-
tion are citizeus of the United States. This
had been previously declared by act of Con-
gress, and it was so without any act of Con-
gress. Every person born within the jurisdic-
tion of a nation must be a citizen of that
country. Such persons are called subjects of
the Crown in Great Britain, in this country
citizens of the United States. It is an entire
mistake to suppose that there was no such
thing as an American citizen until the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. American
citizenship existed from the moment that the
Government of the United States was formed.
The Constitution itself prohibits any person
from sitting in this body who has not been
nine years a citizen of the United States, not
a citizen of a particular State. By the terms
of the Constitution he must have been a citizen
of the United States for nine years before be
could take a seat here, and seven years before
he could take a seat in the other House ; and
in order to be President of the United States
a person must be a native-born citizen.
It is the common law of this country, and
of all countries, and it was unnecessary to
incorporate it in the Constitution, that a per-
son is a citizen of the country in which he is
born. That had been frequently decided in
the United States. It has been acted upon
by the executive department of the Govern-
ment in protecting the rights of native-born
persons of this country as citizens of the
United States. It has been held in the judi-
cial tribunals of the country that persons born
in the United States were citizeus of the United
States. I will read a single sentence, in sup-
port of which numerous authorities are quoted
of judicial decisions in this country, which is
in these words ; I read from Paschal's Anno-
tated Constitution, note 274:
"All persons borninthe allegiance of the king are
nataral-born subjects, and all. persons born in the
allegiance of tho United States are natural-born
citizens. Birth and allcgiancc go together. Such 18
the rule of the common law, and it is the common law
of this country as well as ol'England. There are two
exceptions, aud only two, to the universality of its
application. Tho children of embassadors are, in
theory, born in the allegiance of the Powers the em-
bassadors represent, and slaves, in l'egal contempla-
tion, aro property and not persons." (2 Kent's Com.,
third edition, 1; Calvin's case, 7 Coke, 1:1 Black.
Com., 366; Lynch vs. Clark, 1 Sand. Ch. Kop., 139.)
It was because of the idea which obtained
before the adoption of the thirteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
that slaves were property and not persons, that
it was thought proper to embody in the civil
rights bill the declaration that all persons born
in the United States were citizens. 1 did not
think at that time that it was necessary. I
recollect that I had a discussion on that very
point with the then Senator from Maryland,
Mr. Reverdy Johnson, as to the propriety of
inserting in the civil rights act those words
declaring that all persons born in the United
States were citizens. We both agreed that
after the abolition of slavery everybody born
in and subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States was a citizen of the United States; but
we both thought that in consequence of the
declaration which had been enunciated in the
Dred Scott case, and also in order that there
might be no cavil about it, it was better to
declare it by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That decision was flatly
the other way, that they were not citizens,
although free persons.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Yes, sir, there is a de-
cision, I think, that even free colored persons
were not citizens. After the abolition of
slavery and of the distinction in regard to col-
ored persons I do not think such a decision
could have been maintained. It was advisable,
at any rate, to put such an express declara-
tion in the law. After that bill was passed
it will be remembered that the President of
the United States vetoed it, and one of tbe
reasons that he gave for the ve o was that
Congress could not by law declare that these
persons were citizens of the United States. I
remember very well the answer which I gave
to that suggestion of the President, which was
twofold: first, that it was competent to make
persons citizens by statute; second, that the
statute was but declaratory of what the law
already was. 1 agreed that they were citizens.
The President said in his veto message that if
that was true the law was of no use, and if it
was not true the law could n«t make them citi-
zens ; the answer to which was that the statute
was declaratory of what the law was before, and
numerous statutes were referred to to show
that it had been the practice, almost from the
origin of the Government, to make persons
citizens of the United States by act of Con-
gress. It had been doue in reference to Indiau
tribes; it had been done in regard to Mex-
icans ; and different classes of persons had
been made citizens by act of Congress before,
and the act was a proper one to settle the
question.
Then, when we came to the adoption of the
fourteenth amendment it was suggested by
some persons that there might still be a cavil
upon this question as to whether all persons
born in the United States were citizens, and
it was thought advisable, for the purpose of
putting that question once and forever at rest,
to insert the words which are in the fourteenth
amendment, declaring that all persons born
within the United States and subject to its
jurisdiction were citizens of the United States.
In my opinion, that has not changed at all the
fact that after the abolition of slavery, and after
the authority of the States to deprive persons
of liberty ceased, every person born in the
United States was a citizen of the United
States. I do not think there could have been
any question that they were all citizens with-
out the declaration in the civil rights act
or without the declaration in the fourteenth
amendment. Who believes any court would
