576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
ever have held that a person born in the Uni-
ted States was not a citizen if slavery had
never existed?
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrnpt him for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. There is another clause
in the amendment, that they shall not only be
citizens of the United States, but of the State
wherein they reside. It was held formerly
that a person might be a citizen of the United
States and not of a State.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois permit me to say a word, not to interrupt
him or to take issue with him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not interrupt
me at all; I am merely making a statement.
Mr. SCOTf. I have felt interested in the
statement which the Senator has made, but I
wish, m view of the question which he suggests
was made as to the necessity of incorporating
this clause in the fourteenth amendment, to
make a statement with reference to an opinion
upon that point, which might have been held
to have very considerable weight upon it and
as justifying the declaration in the fourteenth
amendment.
Very considerable attention was being
directed in the year 1834 to the status of the
free colored population in Pennsylvania, both
under the Constitution of the United States
and under the constitution of Pennsylvania,
in view of the fact that the calling of a con-
vention to reform the constitution was being
agitated. At that time a pamphlet was pub-
lished by a member of the Pennsylvania bar
elaborately discussing the question, and arriv-
ing at the conclusion that the free colored man
was not a citizen of the United States and
that he was not a citizen of Pennsylvania. I
have a copy of that pamphlet in my posses-
sion. It is a rare pamphlet. It was submitted
to Chief Justice Marshall, and he addressed to
the author of the pamphlet a letter indorsing
and approving the conclusions at which lie
arrived ; so that there was eminent authority
at least—it was not judicially delivered, but
the opinion of an eminent judge—that the free
colored man was not a citizen of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was the very point
in the Dred Scott ease where the Supreme
Court flatly decided so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been so decided
judicially ; but that grew out of this same sys-
tem of slavery. 'The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will see at once to what straits those
who maintained slavery were driven. If the
colored man in Pennsylvania was a citizen
of the United States he had a right to go to
Carolina and there to enjoy all the rights and
immunities of a citizen of Carolina.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Under the protection of
the national Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under the protection
of the national Government; and lhat was
inconsistent, as was insisted, with another pro-
vision of the Constitution which authorized or
tolerated holding the African race in slavery;
and therefore, taking the whole Constitution
together, the advocates of slavery insisted that
a colored man could not be a citizen anywhere;
a very illogical and unjust conclusion, in my
opinion, and never warranted either by reason
or by the Constitution.
But the Senator from Pennsylvania will see
that the whole force of that argument was
destroyed when the authority to hold anybody
in slavery was taken away. Then there was
no conflict between different portions of the
Constitution to be reconciled, even in the view
of those who had before insisted that slavery
was sustained by thit instrument, a position
which I do not admit at all and never did
admit; but I do not wish to go into that. I
think all that the Constitution of the United
States ever did in regard to slavery was simply
to tolerate its existence in the States which by
their laws authorized it, I think, then the
reason of the decision originally made that
a colored person could not be a citizen fell
when slavery was abolished, and I can hardly
conceive that the decision would have been
repeated afterward.
In reply to the Senator from Kansas, I will
say that it was only upon the first clause of the
fourteenth amendment that I was comment-
ing. I know there is more in the fourteenth
amendment than I had been speaking of. I
was only speaking in reference to that portion
of the amendment which declared that certain
persons were citizens of the United States. The
amendment further declares that they are also
citizens of the States in which they reside.
That was judicially decided to be so before. A
person who was a citizen of the United States
and resided in one of the States was a citizen
of that State before the adoption of the four-
teenth amendment; and so it had been judi-
cially decided. The Senator from Kansas will
remember that under the Constitution of the
United States the citizen of one State has a
right to sue the citizen of another State in the
Federal courts. It was decided that a citizen
of the United States who resided in one of the
States Was a citizen of that State, so that he
could bring suit in a Federal court.
Mr. POMEROY. Was the other proposi-
tion true, that because a man was held to be a
citizen of a particular State, of Massachusetts
for instance, ho was therefore a citizen of the
United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was a citizen of the
United States if he was born within the juris-
diction of the United States. That made him
so. That was the common law of the country.
There are some things that need not be put in
the Constitution.
Mr. POMEROY. But the decision to which
the Senator alludes was to this effect: that a
man being a citizen of one State and going to
another State became a citizen of the State
to which ho immigrated. That was all there
was in the decision of the case to which the
Senator refers. But colored men in Massa-
chusetts, for instance, were always held to be
citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were in Massa-
chusetts, but they were not so held by some
judicial decisions made while slavery existed,
as I have already said. They were citizens in
some of the free States; though in my State
the _ colored people were in many respects
denied the rights of citizens while slavery
existed
Mr. THURMAN. I will ask my friend if
they were denied any rights except political
rights. All the rights of citizenship were
allowed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes; they were
denied civil rights. They were not allowed
to be witnesses in court. They were denied
in many of the States civil rights as well as
political rights even outside of the slave States,
and it was, as I have already stated, and I need
not repeat, in consequence of the existence
of slavery.
I come now, Mr. President, to those clauses
of the fourteenth amendment which, it is sup-
posed, have changed the Constitution as it was
originally formed. The next is:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privUegesorimmunities of citizens
of the United States."
That is substantially what the Constitution
was before, and I do not know that it enlarged
at all tho provision of the Constitution as it
before existed, which declared that—
"The citizens of each State shall bo entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States." •
In my judgment, that amounts to the same
thing._ It is a repetition of a provision in the
Constitution as it before existed. It states it
in a little different language by saying that
'■no State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of-the United States." The
section, as it originally stood in the Constitu
tion, read:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I do not wish to interrupt the course of
his remarks, but on that point I should like to
suggest to him that the language changes en-
tirely in the description of the class of persons
who are entitled to protection. The old clause
provided that the citizens of each State, as citi-
zens of a State, should be entitled to the rights
of citizenship in any other State to which they
might go. The new amendment provides that
the citizens of the United States, whether they
are the citizens of any particular State or not,
shall have universal citizenship in the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true; but it is
limited in another respect to an infringement
by law.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask my friend
if it does not very much enlarge it in this re-
spect: the old Constitution merely provided,
for instance, that a citizen of Wisconsin re-
moving to Illinois should have all the rights
and privileges of a citizen of Illinois, leaving
it still to that State to determine what should
be the rights of a citizen. For instance, a
colored man going from Wisconsin to Illinois
was a voter or not according to the laws of
Illinois. Now the Constitution does not leave
the man going into another State at the mercy
of that State as to his rights; but it says that
from and after the passage of this amendment—
that is the legal effect of it—no State shali make,
or, if it has one in its statute-book, enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of a citizen of the United States.
Now the question is upon that amendment of
the Constitution. Are not the privileges and
immunities of every citizen of the United States
pat on a par in every State of the Union ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The words "privileges
and immunities," as the Senator well knows,
if he will think for a moment, have nothing to
do with voting. They refer to civil rights.
His illustration about the right to vote has no
application. Women do not vote.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am aware they do
not, and I simply resorted to that illustration
to show what was meant by the old provision.
I did not mean that "privileges and immuni-
ties" covered voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The "privileges and im-
munities" referred to in the Constitution are
of a civil character, applying to civil rights,
and not political rights, and were never so
understood. The Senator from Wisconsin
asks if they are not protected in all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens of the Uni-
ted States. Undoubtedly; but we have not
advanced one step by that admission. The
fourteenth amendment does not define the
privileges and immunities of a citizen of the
United States any more than the Constitution
originally did.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me, I heard him say a moment ago that there
were some things so plain in this country that
they need not be in the Constitution, and I
claim this to be exactly illustrative of that
remark. There are certain privileges and
immunities of American citizens that'are
recognized in every State of the Union and by
every American as being peculiarly and espe-
cially the privileges of an American citizen,
and that Constitution means to protect those,
or else it is mere idle talk and protects
nothing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The protection which
the Government affords to American citizens
under the Constitution as it was originally
formed is precisely the protection it affords to
American citizens under the Constitution as it
now exists. The fourteenth amendment has
not extended the rights and privileges of citi-
zenship one iota. They are right where they
