IKIVATE ACTS OF THE FOUTY-SECOND CONGRESS
05 the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Saturday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1871, and was adjourned without day on Thursday, the 20th day of
April, A. D. 18*71.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was elected President of tlie Senate pro tempore on the 17th day of April, A. D. 18*71, and so acted until the
end of the session. James Gr. Blaine, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chap. X.—An Act granting a Pension to Phebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Phebe Sofield, the widow of
Lewis Sofield, a soldier in the war of the Rev-
olution, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars a month, from the fifth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, when
she became one hundred years of age.
Approved, April 4, 1871.
Chap. XI.—An Act for the Relief of Robert
Moir and Company.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to inquire into and determine the amount,
if any, of distilled spirits contained in the
bonded warehouse of Robert Moir and Com-
pany, in the fourth district of Illinois, on the
thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
seventy, and which on said day was struck by
lightning, and with its contents destroyed ; and
that the said Commissioner be, and he is here-
by, authorized to abate aad remit all taxes and
assessments due and unpaid upon any distilled
spirits so destroyed.
Approved, April 7, 1871.
Chap. XII.—An Act to pay Members of cer-
tain Military Organizations therein named.
Be it -enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the military organ-
izations known as the "Westport Police
Guards," "Hickman's Mills' Company," and
companies "A," " B," "C,""D,"and "B,"
of the "Kansas City Station Guards," having
been called into the service of the United States,
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
339
in the district of the border department of Mis-
souri, under authority derived from Major Gen-
eral John M. Schofield, United States Army,
be, and they are hereby, placed on the same
footing aa to pay and allowances as volunteers
in the service of the United States.
Sec. 2. That it shall be the duty of the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to adjust the accounts of all members of the
above-described organizations, and, on pre-
sentation of properly authenticated rolls, show-
ing the names of all officers and men belonging
to such organizations and the term of service
of each, and of such other evidence as may be
required to fully prove such service, the said
accounting officers shall pay the accounts out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided, however, That this
act shall not be so construed as to entitle the
members of said military organizations to
bounty or pensions under any law of the Uni-
ted States.
Approved, April 12, 1871.
Chap. XIII.—An Act in relation to the pay-
ment of the Salary of Robert C. Schenck,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni-
potentiary of the United States to Great
Britain.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congresi assembled, That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be authorized and directed
to pay to Robert C. Schenck, out of any money
appropriated for the compensation of an envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
Great Britain, his salary as such minister up
to the time when he shall reach his post, not-
withstanding his detention in the United States
to serve as one of the members of a joint com-
mission, beyond the thirty days allowed by the
eighth section of the "act to regulate the dip-
lomatic and consular systems of the United
States," approved August eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six; but no pay to be made
him for his services as such commissioner.
Approved, April 13, 1871.
Chap. XX.—An Act for the Relief of John E.
Wheeler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of two hundred and forty-seven dollars and
seventy-four cents to John E. Wheeler, late a
first lieutenant in the second Connecticut heavy
artillery, in full payment for his services as such
from May fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, to June fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and for commutation of transporta-
tion.
Approved, April 19, 1871.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Anna M. Howard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hotise of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Anna M. Howard, mother
of George W. Howard, late a private in com-
pany E, in the eleventh regiment of New Jer-
sey volunteers, arrears of pension, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, from the twenty-
second day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, the date of her son's discharge, to
the twelfth of February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, the date of his death.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, Negotiator of the Treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Nicholas P. Trist, the negotiator of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of thirteen thousand seven hundred andsisty-i
two dollars and forty cents, being balanee due
on account of salary, outfit, and return allow-
