APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 20, 1871.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
a.nce as commissioner to Mexico, from April
fifteen, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, to
April eight, eighteen hundred and forty-eight;
cnd'/the further sum of seven hundred and
Bnety-seven dollars and fifty cents for contin-
ents expenses incurred.
ASTKoyed, April 20. 18T1.
i "Chap. XXXVI.— An Act to enable the Hough-
jgt; .ton and Ontonagon Railroad Company to
|i,'1-; make a resurvey of its road.
; ' Be'itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
f-j resentalivesof the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Houghton and
'Ontonagon Railroad Company, a corporation
p-„ organized and existing under the laws of the
••{-.'State of Michigan, and upon which the said
'State, in pursuance of a joint resolution of
; - Congress approved May twentieth, eighteen
^ \ ihundred and sixty-eight, has conferred the
;,t grants of land made to aid in the construction
iv- of a road from Marquette to Ontonagon, be
M •   ~ 
authorized to make a resurvey and new loca-
tion of that part of the line between Marquette
and Ontonagon to be constructed by said com-
pany : Provided, That the said company shall
be entitled to select and receive only its com-
plement of lands for each mile of road con-
structedand completed, in the manner required
by law, from the alternate odd-numbered sec-
tions of lands belonging to the United States
and within tlie limits heretofore assigned to
said line of road: Provided further, That on
the completion of said survey a map of the new
line shall be filed -with the Commissioner of
the General Land Office: And provided fur-
ther, That said company shall not be entitled
to receive any lands for any increased length
of the new line hereby authorized, and shall
only be entitled to receive its lands cotermin-
ous with its line of road as completed : And
provided, That nothing contained in this act
shall be held to interfere with homestead or
preemption rights under existing laws.
Approved, April'20, 1871.
RESOLUTION.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution giving the consent
of Congress to Professor Joseph Henry,
Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, to
accept the Title and Regalia of a Com-
mander of the Royal Norwegian Order of
St. Olaf, conferred upon him by the King
of Sweeden and Norway, Grand Master of
said Order.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress is hereby given to Professor Joseph
Henry, secretary of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, to accept the title and regalia of a Com-
mander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St.
Olaf, conferred upon him for his distinguished
scientific service and character by the King
of Sw&eden and Norway, grand master of said
order.
Approved, April 20, lSTl.
