578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
What was vested in the Government of the
United States ? The power to carry out the
clause declaring that no State should pass a
law impairing the obligation of contracts.
This was a power conceded by the people to
the Government of the United State3 when
they.made it, and with that concession went
along the power to make all laws necessary
and proper to carry it into effect.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me one other remark at that point, which, I
think, will end my interruptions ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. As I now understand
his construction of the old Constitution, the
authority conferred on Congress to pass laws
to execute the powers conferred on the Gov-
ernment included the power to pass laws
which should prevent the States from doing
the things which they were prohibited from
doing by the Constitution. With that admis-
sion, I do not think the fourteenth article, or
any article, could add anything to the old
Constitution. But I never heard of that con-
struction before; and while I am not ready
to make an affidavit that it is sound, it is sat-
isfactory for all the purposes of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, as I
have once or twice said to the Senator from
Wisconsin, I am not upon the remedies. The
Government of the United States did provide
in 1789, by a law, to give effect to that very
clause of the Constitution, and the Senator
knows it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMONDS. I will not do so if I
interrupt you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in the least.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I haveno doubt my friend
from Illinois wishes to get at the real point in
this matter. Let me suggest to him whether
the true construction of the clause helias read
as to the power of passing laws to carry into
effect the powers herein granted, and also the
powers granted to any Department of the Gov-
ernment, would not oblige us to come to the
conclusion that all the powers that the Con-
stitution granted to Congress, Congress might
carry out by legislation ; all the powers that
the Constitution granted to the judiciary to
protect private rights, (which was the case as
against lnws impairing the obligation of con-
tracts,) Congress might pass laws in aid of
through the judiciary. So, too, it might be
provided, as Congress did provide by the act
to which my friend has referred, that if any
man had the obligation of his contract im-
paired by State legislation he might have redress
through the judiciary, either of the State in
the first instance or of the United States in
the first instance, as it might have been. But
when you come to the other class of powers,
which are granted powers to Congress, there
you stand upon a different ground. If that is
a. just distinction, then let me submit to my
friend whether this amendment does not make
a wise advance in favor of the protection of
private rights by affirmative legislation by Con-
gress where those private rights are guaran-
tied by the Constitution, and that in connec-
tion with it'Congressis authorized by the same
Constitution to carry them into effect by affirm-
ative law.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. Mr. President, in my
judgment the Congress of the United States
has authority to carry into effect the powers
conferred upon the Government of the United
Si aies by affirmative law. What is it butaffinn-
alive law? Was not the act of 1789 an affirm-
ative law ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, in aid of the
judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one way of doing
it; and when I come to speak of the details of
the bill I will show that we provide in the bill
before us for redress through the judiciary in
the same waj
Mr. EDMUNDS. But in the old case, in
the ease of the obligation of contracts, could
it have been done in any other way? That is
my point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it could have
been done in no other way, properly, in the
first instance; b.ut suppose a case such as is
supposed in this bill; suppose under the Con
stitution as it originally stood a conspiracy, a
combination had been formed to prevent the
Senator from Wisconsin taking a case from the
supreme court of Wisconsin to the Supreme
Court of the United States, which involved the
question of impairing the obligation of a con
tract by a law of Wisconsin. Suppose that
conspiracy had been so formidable as to pre-
vent the clerk of the court from certifying the
record and the Senator from Wisconsin from
appearing as counsel, does the Senator from
Vermont mean to say that the Government of
the United States might not have passed a law
for putting down that conspiracy in some other
way than by means of the court? Could we
not have done more? But that is a question
of detail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend asks me a
question, I will answer it now or at any other
time. I agree with him most perfectly that
would have been the common case of provid-
ing for punishing people who impeded the
course of justice belonging to the citizen, which
the Constitution of the United States had guar
antied him the right to have ; and so far I will
go with him with the greatest pleasure; and
on that same principle I hope he will stand
by us on the similar provision in this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He and I then come
to this 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
me to ask a question which, I think, is a great
deal more pertinent than some which have
been asked?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly ; it does not
interrupt me, because I have no set speech.
Mr. THURMAN. The Constitution consists
of certain delegations of power to the Govern-
ment of the United States and certain limit-
ations upon the powers of the States. In
regard to the grants of power to the United
States, the clause read by the Senator is ample
that the Congress shall have power " to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers "—that is, the powers which are vested
inCongress—"and all other powers vested by
this Constitution in the Government of the
United States or in any department or officer
thereof." That is simply a power to make
laws which maybe necessary for carrying into
effect the powers of the Government of the
United States, and has no reference whatso-
ever to the prohibitions upon the States that
are contained in the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it has some.
Not the least in the
Mr. THURMAN.
world.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
Mr. THURMAN,
We all agree that it has.
As to the act of 1789,
that comes under the clause that " the judi-
cial power of the United States shall extend
to all cases in law and equity arising under
this Constitution."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cannot Congress pass a
law in aid of that power?
Mr. THURMAN'. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to an
argument between the Senators from Ohio and
Vermont being interposed.
Mr. THURMAN. I have suggested the
point to which I wished to call the attention
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to any
question that may be asked of me, as I have
no consecutive speech to make, and I rose
rather to make a statement of my views in
reference to the matter than to make any argu-
ment at all about it. The answer which I
should make to the Senator from Ohio would
be this: that.when the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States imposes an inhibition upon the
States, such as that they shall not coin money,
and that they shall not enter into treaties of
alliance with foreign Powers, it does give to
the Federal Government power to see that they
do not do them. I think the Senator from Ohio
will agree that if the State of Massachusetts
should to-morrow enter into an alliance with
Great Britain to become a part of the kingdom
of Great Britain, he would vote with me for
the Government of the United States to inter-
fere to prevent it.
Mr. THURMAN. But not under that clause
of the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where will you find
the power?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer that at the
proper time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So if a State, as is sug-
gested to me, should undertake to keep ships
of war in time of peace, I think we should
find the power very quickly to interpose. If
not, it was a great mistake that we were
engaged in during the late rebellion in under-
taking to prevent the late rebel States from
forming alliances with foreign Powers.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Ver-
mont admits (and I agree with him) that it
was a very proper way to enforce through the
courts the clause of the Constitution of the
United States which inhibited the States from
passing a law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts ; and I want to say to the Senator from
Vermont that not only in regard to that right,
but in regard to all the rights secured by the
fourteenth amendment, however extended, in
time of peace, the courts are established to vin-
dicate them, and they can be vindicated in no
other way. Sir, the judicial tribunals of the
country are the places to which the citizen
resorts for protection of his person and his
property in every case in a free Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose they fail?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they fail by reason
of organized opposition, resort, as in the case
I supposed, and to which the Senator from
Vermont agreed, is had to force, if necessary,
in order to give the protection.
I come now, Mr. President, to the bill under
consideration about which I shall make a few
suggestions, and but few. I wish to premise
at the outset that I am going into no statement
about the outrages in the South. Whether
they have been exaggerated, as some contend,
or whether they are as bad as others insist, is
not a question that I propose at all to discuss.
The President of the United States has thought
it questionable at any rate whether he had
sufficient power to put down organizations
which exist in some of the States of the Union,
which are encroaching on the rights of person
and property, which are committing outrages
and sacrificing life. Now, sir, I want it under-
stood that I am ready to go as far as he who
goes farthest to maintain the authority of the
Government of the United States.
Show me that it is necessary to exercise any
power belonging to the Government of the
United States in order to maintain its author-
ity and I am ready to put it forth. But, sir, I
am not willing to undertake to enter the States
for the purpose of punishing individual offenses
against their authority committed by one citi-
zen against another. We, in my judgment,
have no constitutional authority to do that.
When this Government was formed, the general
rights of person and property were left to be
protected by the States, and there they are
left to-day. Whenever the rights that are
conferred by the Constitution of the United
States on the Federal Government are infringed
upon by the States, we should afford a remedy.
That was done in 1789 by the twenty-fifth
section of the judiciary act, which afforded a
remedy against a State statute in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, as in
the case of a State law impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts. I have no objection now to
a law which shall protect a person in the same
