1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
570
way against inequality of legislation in any of
the States of the Union against any laws that
deprive him of life, liberty, or property except
by the judgment of his peers or the law of the
land. I am ready to pass appropriate legisla-
tion on that subject; and I understand that
this bill as it passed the House of Representa-
tives was framed on this principle. As origin-
ally introduced, it went to the extent of punish-
ing offenses against the States; and there was
objection to it on the part of some of the most
thoughtful minds in the House of Representa-
tives. Those provisions were changed, and as
the bill passed the House of Representatives,
it was understood by the members of that body
to go no further than to protect persons in the
rights which were guarantied to them by the
Constitution and laws of the United States,
and it did not undertake to furnish redress for
wrongs done by one person upon another in
any of the States of the Union in violation of
their laws, unless he also violated some law of
the United States, nor to punish one person for
an ordinary assault and battery committed on
another in a State.
To that extent I felt that I could give my
support to the bill. I regretted that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary thought it necessary to
amend the bill; but a majority came to that
conclusion, and I think (although I believe in
that the Senator from Vermont who reports the
bill with the amendments does not agree with
me) that these amendments make the bill ob-
noxious to the very objection which was made
to it in the House of Representatives in its
original shape, that it does go- to the extent
of undertaking to punish persons for violating
State laws, without reference to any violation
of the Constitution or laws of the United States.
I do not believe the Senator from Vermont
entertains the opinion that the Congress of the
United States has arightto pass a general crim-
inal code for the States of the Union, and I am
sure if he does maintain that they have the
right to do it, he would think it impolitic to
exercise that power. I do not suppose there
is a single person on this floor who would be
in favor of Congress passing a law punishing
larceny, assault and battery, and all sorts of
crime in the different States of the Union, and
taking control of all the contracts made
between individuals, because that would be
destructive at once of the State governments.
The only use of governments, the only pur-
pose for which they are instituted, is to protect
persons in their rights of person and property.
That is all any one of us wants; and it'the
Federal Government takes to itself the entire
protection of the individual in his rights of
person and property, what is the need of the
State governments? It would be a change in
our form of government,, and an unwise one, in
my judgment, because I believe that the rights
of the people, the liberties of the people, the
rights of the individual are safest among the
people themselves, and not in a central Gov-
ernment extending over a vast region of coun-
try. I think the nearer you can bring the ad-
ministration of justice between man and man
to the people themselves, the safer the people
will be in their rights of person and property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend, in that
connection, how much further removed from
the people themselves a trial in the circuit
court of the United States for the northern dis-
trict of Illinois, between man ana man by a
jury and before a judge, is, than a similar trial
in the highest court of the State, having a
jury—whether they are not both of the people
and among the people, as a late President of
the United States said?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are much more
removed in one case thau in the other. The
judge of the United States court who presides
in the northern district of Illinois receives his
appointment here ; but in our States we have
many judges for the general administration of
justice so scattered that they are much nearer
to the people than the Federal courts are.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. If it is the Senator's deliber-
ate judgment that the rights of the individual
are safer with the people of the States than
with the people of the United States, I ask
the Senator, why did he support the thirteenth
amendment to the Constitution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because under our sys-
tem of government, composed of various States,
some free and some slave, the system of sla-
very was, in my judgment, a cause of weakness
to the Federal Government, and operating to
the injury of the people of my State. I never
would have interfered, because I thought 1 had
no right to interfere—and in that I think the
Senator from Wisconsin agreed with me—to
abolish slavery in any of the States of the
Union by the Federal Government, except for
the war. When the nation was in danger in
consequence of slavery, and when we called
upon the colored men to assist us, I was in
favor of removing the institution both on
national grounds and for humanity's sake.
While I believe, as a general rule, the liberties
of the individual are safest when trusted to
the locality, a case may occur where a partic-
ular locality oppresses a portion of its inhabit-
ants, and, where you have a general authority
to correct it, I say do it, just as was done in
this country with slavery in certain States.
But that does not militate against the general
proposition which I mean to lay down, that
individual rights are safest, as a general rule,
when left to the protection of the locality.
Mr. HOWE. I will not undertake to deny
that as a general proposition throughout the
whole United States, for I think myself that
the rights of the individual are as safe in the
governments of the States as they are under
the Government of the United States. I under-
stood the Senator to state it, however, as a
universal rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated it as a general
proposition. I do not think I used the word
" universal," but possibly I may have done so.
Mr. HOWE. I want to call the Senator's
attention to one fact about the amendment to
the Constitution abolishing slavery. I under-
stand him to justify itas a military measure, as
a war measure. The amendment was adopted
after the war closed, I think. I do not know
what the Senator's reason was, but my reason
for supporting that amendment was that
I thought the national authority was abso-
lutely necessary to protect the rights of the
colored man; and it was for that reason that
I supported the reconstruction aets, as well as
the thirteenth amendment, and it was for that
reason that I supported the fourteenth amend-
ment and the fifteenth amendment, because
proofs had shown that the rights of individ-
uals were not protected at all by such State
governments as they had in certain States of
the Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is getting back to
discussion of the constitutional amendments
again, which I had left to make a short refer-
ence to the bill; but I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that his recollection is at
fault. The thirteenth amendment was passed
by Congress and submitted to the people dur-
ing the war. I think it was ratified before the
close of the war. I do not remember the day
of its ratification. The civil rights bill was
passed in 1866.
Mr. WILSON. The ratification was not
completed until 1865 ; afcer the surrender.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was impossible, with-
out some of the reorganized Slates, to get
enough to ratify it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had been ratified by
most of the States, I think, before the close
of the war. We submitted it, at any rate,
during the war. I think it passed this body
as early as 1868; and perhaps it went over
until the next session in the House of Rep-
resentatives and was ratified by most of the
States before the war closed : but that is an
immaterial matter.
Mr. HOWE. Let me submit the correct
date. The thirteenth amendment was passed
in February, 1865, and was declared to be
ratified on the 18t.li of December, 1865.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment was
passed by the House of Representatives the
1st of February, 1865. That was before the
close of the war.
Mr. HOWE. That was the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It passed this body the
year before. The record shows that the Sen-
ate passed it on the 8th of April, 1864. The
ratification of all the States was not, I suppose,
until after the war; a portion of them, how-
ever, before. I do not know that there is any
great importance to be attached to it one way
or the other. I had tried to call attention to
the bill itself.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator
a question. He has asserted as a principle
that life, liberty, and property are safer under
the State authorities than under the authority
of the United States. Now I wish to ask him
if he really believes that during the present
century life, liberty, or property has been as
safe under State legislation and State action
as under the Federal Government?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, Mr. President,
most assuredly I do, and if the Senator from
Massachusetts will reflect a moment he will
agree with me. If the Federal Government
had had the power in 1856 it would have estab-
lished slavery in Massachusetts and all through-
out the United States, and so it would at any
lime down to I860 almost.
Mr. WILSON. It may be that the Federal
Government would not have given in all our
history protection to life, liberty, and property
if it had had the power; but there has not
been an hour m this century in the United
States when life, liberty, or property was safe
in several of the States of the Union for any
man.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, life, lib-
erty, and property would not have been very
safe in Massachusetts if the Federal Govern-
ment had had power. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts suppose at the time the fugitive
slave law was being enforced through Massa-
chusetts that if the Congress of the United
States had had power to put a stopper on his
mouth they would have let him advocate the
rights of the slave? Why, sir, he would have
been treated worse than the border ruffians
treated the free-State men in Kansas. Toombs
would have called the roll of his slaves under
Bunker Hill in fact if Congress had had power
to establish slavery there.
We must not forget history. It is only in
the last dozen years that there has been free-
dom of speech, freedom of thought, and free-
dom of the press in this country. And let me
tell the Senator from Massachusetts that if the
Federal Government had had the power, and
the American people would have submitted to
the despotism and the tyranny, it would have
put shackles upon free thought and free speech
that never would have been shaken off except
by revolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just as the States put
upon South Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No governments are
perfect.
Mr. WILSON. All the freedom you have
has been through the action of the Federal
Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had a good
deal of liberty in Illinois, and protection to
person and property, and so they had in Mas-
sachusetts, without the assistance of the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. WILSON. We had in Massachusetts;
but the Senator will allow me to say in regard lo
