580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11 s
Illinois that never until the Federal Govern-
ment gotrightdid the people of that State rise
high enough to give liberty and protect all men
in their liberty. In the State of Illinois they
had black laws almost as atrocious as they had
in South Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We did have some
objectionable laws in the early history of the
State; there may have been mobs in Illinois
as there have been in Boston ; but, speaking
generally, there was always freedom of dis-
cussion and of the press in my State.
I beg pardon of the Senate for having taken
up so much time. I did not intend when I
rose to occupy its attention twenty minutes,
and now I would rather finish unless I am
wearisome to the Senate. I wanted to call
attention to this bill, and if I am not diverted
by interruptions I shall be through in a very
few moments.
I had stated that I did not suppose the Sen-
ator from Vermont was in favor—and I might
say I was quite well satisfied he was not—of
entering the States to pass a general criminal
code for the States, or a general law for the
redress of civil injuries in the courts in eases
of contest between individuals, where the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States were
not directly encroached upon. Assuming that
to be so, and that that is the opinion of every
member of the Senate, I should like now
to get the attention of Senators a moment,
and especially of the lawyers of the body, to
a single amendment in the seventeenth line
of the second section. The Judiciary Commit-
tee propose to insert the words " or while
engaged in the." I think that changes the
whole character of that section. Let me show
how.
As the bill originally stood as it came from
the House, it provided for the punishment of
a conspiracy to injure a person holding a Uni-
ted States office in his person or property on
account of his lawful discharge of the duties
of his office. That is legitimate. I can vote
for a law that punishes a conspiracy to injure
a United States officer on account of his law-
ful discharge of the duties of his office. But
what is the amendment? Its effect is to pun-
ish a conspiracy to injure his property " while
he is engaged in the lawful discharge of his
duties." Is not that very different ? To illus-
trate: the Senator who sits before me [Mr.
Hamilton of Maryland] has a very valuable
farm over in Maryland, I assume; I suppose
he has ; if he has not he ought to have half a
dozen. Suppose while_ he is here in the-dis-
charge of the duties of his office somebody tres-
passes upon his farm ; suppose two or three
jjersons get together and make a combination
for the purpose of breaking into his barn and
stealing his grain, if you please ; that is made
a United States offense, and they are to be pun-
ished in the United States courts with impris-
onment for not less than six months nor more
than six years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question at this point?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This, he will see, applies
to officers of the United States. Let me ask
him if within the period of two years he has
not united with this Senate, without a division
of parties, in passing a bill which punished
everybody for assaulting or beating any officer
of the United States, marshal or collector, or
anybody while engaged in performing the
duties of his office, and even while going from
and returning to his home when he had gone
from his home for the purpose of performing
those duties, or was returning?
I am not certain in my recollection about
this last inquiry ; but let me ask my friend if
he and I did not vote for a bill two years ago
which provided in broader terms than this as
to some parts of it, but certainly as broad, for
punishing everybody who undertook to assault
the person or destroy the property of an officer
while he was engaged in performing the duties
of the office whieb his commission under the
United States authorized him to perform?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember
whether I voted for that-law or not: but I will
say to the Senator from Vermont that I am
ready to vote and will vote now if it is neces-
sary, if we have not got one already, for a law
to punish anybody that obstructs an officer of
the United States or makes an assault upon him
while engaged in the discharge of his duties.
Mr. EDMONDS. But you will not punish
a conspiracy to do the same thing 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will punish a con-
spiracy to assault an officer on account of his
being engaged in the duties of his office, or
when he is engaged in the duties of his office ;
but I will not punish a conspiracy to steal his
apples out in Illinois when he is performing
duties in Washington. I think the cases are
very different. This is an injury to his prop-
erty. My friend from Vermont sees as quickly
as any one the distinction betweeu these cases.
It is one thing to resist an officer, and another
to make an'attack upon a man's property.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Is my friend sure that
he did not vote for a bill which provided a pun-
ishment for attacking his property?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not. I do not
recollect the provisions of all the bills we
have passed. I said that I was willing to pro-
tect the officer in the discharge of his duties,
but there is no such divinity hedging about a
person, because he is an officer of the United
States, that when he has a controversy with
his neighbors as to the ownership of a tract of
land that cause must be brought into the Fed-
eral courts, or that when they combine to tres-
pass upon the disputed property, the act hav-
ing nothing to do with his official duties, that
it is to be made a penal offense against the
United States.
Mr. President, if I have made myself under-
stood, I have said all I desire to say in refer-
ence to this amendment. I wish now to call
attention to another amendment in the same
section, section two, on lines thirty-six, thirty-
seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, and forty, which
is obnoxious to the same objection that I have
made to the other amendment. That amend-
ment proposes to punish two or more persons
who "conspire together for the purpose of in
any manner impeding, hindering, obstructing,
or defeating the due course of justice in any
'State or Territory, with intent to deny to any
citizen of the United States the due and equal
protection of the laws."
I do not deny the authority to punish a con-
spiracy for the purpose of denying to any citi-
zen of the United States the due and equal
protection of the laws. "We have a right to
punish such a conspiracy; but that is not this
amendment. Thisamendmentpunishesacon-
spiracy to impede or obstruct the due course
of justice in a State. That is the conspiracy
that it punishes; not the conspiracy to deny the
citizen the equal protection of the laws, but
the conspiracy to defeat the due course of
justice, with intent, it is true, to deny to any
citizen the equal protection of the laws. That
must be the intent; but the intent is not the
thing that is punished. It is not the substan-
tive part of the offense. If it is, then it is
provided for in the four preceding lines. If
this clause simply means to punish a conspir-
acy to deny the equal protection of the laws,
that is provided for in the previous lines, com-
mencing with line thirty-four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not thatthe due course
of justice of the State courts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language of the
amendment is:
For the purpose of in any manner impeding, hin-
dering, obstructing, or defeating the due course of
justicein anyState or Territory, with intent todeny
to any citizen of the United States the due and equal
protection of the laws.
A conspiracy to deny to citizens of the Uni-
ted States the due and equal protection of the
laws, I submit to the Senator from Vermont,
comes within lines thirty-four, thirty-five, and
thirty-six, which provide for punishing a con-
spiracy " for thepurpose of preventing or hin-
dering the constituted authorities of any State
from giving or securing to all persons within
such State the equal protection of the laws."
So that if that is all that the Senator means,
it is already provided for. If he means more
than that, and to punish a conspiracy against
the State, then 1 am opposed to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now will the Senator
allow me to say a word if it does not interrupt
him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are both of us in
favor of the general principle of this bill, I
have no doubt thoroughly, and we are both
of us equally sincere in the desire to make it,
as far as it goes, effectual, so that the violent
people we design to repress will be taught to
behave themselves. Now, I submit to my friend
whether those three lines, thirty-four, thirty-
five, and thirty-six, beginning in the disjunc-
tive at the end of line thirty-three, do not, in
express terms, provide for punishing a con-
spiracy formed "for the purpose of preventing
or hindering the constituted authorities of any
State from giving or securing to all persons
within such State the equal protection of the
laws." What laws? The laws of that State.
Therefore the bill as it came from the House,
of which I understand my friend to be in favor,
expressly provides for punishing a conspiracy
to obstruct the State authorities by a general
name, (the Executive, the military, the judi-
ciary, every department of the State,) in giv-
ing to everybody the equal protection of their
own laws.
Now, if my friend will pardon me a little
further, I wish to ask him this question: I ask
if he does not know that tho object of this
amendment was, in the same spirit and with
the same scope, instead of using those vague
generalities, which it might be thought would
be difficult in a court of justice to define and
enforce, to take up, as another mode of ex-
pressing the same general idea, words that are
known to previous statutes, that are known to
the courts, technically defining an offense that
is well known of obstructing the State author-
ities in the course of executing justice. That
was all that we meant, and with the intent we
have named, which really, it seems to me,
narrows what is the point of the scope of the
previous clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this last clause is
embraced within the other, as I havesaid, there
is no occasion for it. If it is not embraced
within the other then it means something more
than the other, and is the punishment of a
conspiracy against the execution of a State
law, and that I do not think we can punish.
If that provision were in the original bill, if it
were susceptible of that construction, I think
it would be objectionable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you understand
that to mean?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have to read
the whole section back, and I do not care to
go into that at this moment.
Section three, I think, is made objectionable
by striking out the words in thethiid line " so
far obstruct or hinder the execution of the
laws thereof and of the United States as to."
In order to make myself understood I will
read that section as I now understand it with
the amendment that has been made striking
out the words I have just read and including
the words in lines seven and eight, which are
inserted in the bill, or a portion of those words.
Of course I cannot be understood in the re-
marks I am making except by Senators who
have the bill before them. The Senator from
Vermont will see the point I make. I will
read the section leaving out the surplusage:
That in all oases where domestic violence in any
State shall obstruct tho impartial course of justice,
and the constituted authorities of sueh Stale shall
from any cause fail in protection of tho people in
saeh rishts.it shall be lawful for the President to
employ the land and naval forces. &c.
