1871.
THE COJTOKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
583
non-concurrence. I think they will be better
understood in that way than by taking them
up in their order.
Before, however, proceeding to that consid-
eration of the bill, I desire, with the indulgence
of the House, to submit a few general remarks
in respect to the whole bill. This bill originated
very much as this session of Congress did,
merely for the purpose of supplying such omis-
sions and meeting such exigencies as were
overlooked in the last Congress. It did not
so happen that there were any material defi-
ciencies in the appropriations of the last Con-
gress for the current year which rendered
any such bill necessary. There was a defi-
ciency of $5,000 which was created by a vote of
the House, giving $5,000 extra to some gen-
tlemen who had no title to anything as mem-
bers of this House. That created the only
deficiency in this bill. All the rest of the bill,
as passed by the House, pertained to supply-
ing what necessarily grew out of the legislation
of the last hours of the last Congress. There
was an Assistant Attorney General created in
the last hours of the session, and no salary
provided for him. Pensions were granted to
the soldiers, or their widows, of the war of
1812, and no provision made by which the
Pension Office could carry out that legislation.
And two or three other mattexs of that char-
acter, with this $5,000 of deficiency, made up
the bill that I myself took the liberty, upon no
recommendation of any committee, as no com-
mittee had been appointed, to introduce into
this House. To that bill was added one amen4-
ment in the House to save an appropriation
already made, and which otherwise would
have lapsed into the Treasury.
That bill went to the other branch, and there
were added some other matters of the same
character that had not come to the knowledge
of any member of this House, and which were
very proper to be added, such as the legisla-
tion of the last hours of the last session of
Congress rendered necessary, and would have
been inserted here had they come to our knowl-
edge. The special committee to which these
Senate amendments have been referred recom-
mend a concurrence in such amendments.
And had tbeiramendmentsstopped there, there
would have been no occasion for any lengthy
debate in reference to them. But in addition
to such proper amendments there have been
added amendments of a very different char-
acter.
First, Mr. Speaker, are amendments cover-
ing almost all the large defeated appropriations
and schemes of the last session of Congress;
so that we are called upon at this session
(which I think we may call a temporary ses-
sion—this extra session) to go over again and
rehear all the defeated projects of the last ses-
sion. Atthis session we are called upon to take
tip that which was killed in the last Congress,
to pass upon the dead body of those corrupt
projects, as well as those which, though not
properly characterized as corrupt, are extrav-
agant and profligate, and which the last Con-
gress succeeded in strangling.
To those also are added several new schemes;
for it so happens, Mr. Speaker, that the longer
we stay here the greater will be the number of
such schemes. The genius of man is fertile,
and his inclination prompts higj ever to be at
work in devising new schemes of plunder upon
the public Treasury. Stay we here a week, or
stay we here a month, the last day we remain
will be as fruitful as the first in new schemes
for depleting the Treasury of the United States.
Into this bill have crept some projects which
are to the oldest of us here as familiar, if not
as the faces of old friends, ^t least as those
faces that appear to us whenever we are speak-
ing of the evil matters of this world.
And that is not all. Another class of these
.amendments (and I propose to divide them
into classes) is of a very serious character,
.embracing as'amendments to this appropria-
tion bill matters of what is generally styled
" independent legislation." The rules of the
House exclude from an appropriation bill
everything that changes existing law. Every
gentleman must see the propriety andabsolute
necessity of such a rule. Without it an appro-
priation bill, which in view of the necessities
of the Government has precedence in the con-
sideration of this House, would carry along
with it all other matters of legislation. My
friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] will
bear in mind how he upbraided the Committee
on Appropriations at one time during the last
Congress because they had, as he thought,
attempted to absorb all the functions of all
the other committees of the House, and gen-
tlemen on all sides of the House have felt
at times that the appropriation bills were
becoming a vehicle to carry through both
branches of Congress measures which on a
fair consideration under the rules of the House
would fail.
But, sir, this bill, which went to the Senate
without any such features of general legisla-
tion, encountered there a rule of a very different
character which permits that body to put into
an appropriation bill any matter of independ-
ent legislation they please. They thereupon
passed a resolution (I suppose it is not unpar-
liamentary for me to allude to it) that they
would at this session transact only two items
of business—pass this bill and also a bill in
reference to southern outrages. They then
turned round and made this bill a cabin which
they placed all the independent legislation that
any member of the Senate could impress the
majority of that body into voting for and put-
ting into it. So that the bill comes back here
with not only those proper amendments de-
signed to supply omissions of the last Congress,
such as I have alluded to, but also deleated
jobs and schemes of the last Congress and
those new ones which time and opportunity
have enabled genius to bring forward and put
into this bill. The bill in fact carries along
with it the independent legislation of the other
branch of Congress for the period of six weeks.
I do not know how a Committee on Appro
priationsof this House can ever free itself from
the reproach of the gentleman from New York,
or other members of this House, that in their
bills they are grasping all the legislative duties
and functions of other committees, so long as
the House shall undertake to pass upon the
merits of these measures of independent legis-
lation which come to us, some of which may
be good as independent measures, but which
ought not to be passed in appropriation bills.
The special committee of the House to whom
this bill was referred were of opinion that they
ought not to go into the merits of these meas-
ures of independent legislation which have
crept into this bill. They decided that, with
two or three exceptions which will be pointed
out, they would try the sense of the House, by
a recommendation of non-concurrence, upon
the broad principle which here at the com-
mencement of this session should, in ourvievv,
be taken as a rule for those who may have
charge of the appropriations in this House
during this Congress, that independent legis-
lation should not, be permitted to ride through
the two Houses upon the back of an appropri-
ation bill, thus evading the examination of
other committees of Congress and escaping
that consideration which such legislation can
have nowhere else than in proper committees
and upon proper reports brought into this
House.
These are the general rules which govern
this special committee in the consideration of
this bill. They have recommended concur-
rence in such of the amendments whicii are
added to this bill as were of the character of
those which were in the bill originally. But
in spite of what I have said they have yielded
to some independent legislation. If the House
adheres strictly to its own rule, and requires
that an appropriation bill shall bo stripped
entirely of that kind of independent legisla-
tion, in my opinion it will be a most fortunate
determination for this House to make, and to
make now on this the first bill of this charac-
ter which this House is called on to pass upon.
Then, sir, in reference to other matters,
the committee thought that those which were
passed upon on fair consideration and deliber-
ation in the last Congress and rejected there,
they would not call upon this House again at
the commencement of this session of Congress
to reexamine and pass on again, and therefore
in all those amendments of that class the com-
mittee recommend non-concurrence, as well
as in any other item of a like character.
Mr. Speaker, we are at the commencement
of a new Congress. This is the first appro-
priation bill to pass this Congress. We are to
open with it the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment ; and if we are to spread on an appro-
priation bill matter of expenditure which will
not stand the test of being demanded by the
absolute necessities of the Government, and
on the first of them, on the first bill to be passed,
we will set an example which we will be sure
to follow ourselves, increasing them in num-
ber and amount until the unnecessary expenses
will aggregate an amount from which we our-
selves in the beginning would certainly have
shrunk and refused to pass. The only thing is
on the first item that will not stand the test of
the necessities of the Government to see
whether wo are in a condition financially which
will justify us in stepping to-day one inch
beyond that rule, and then for Congress itself
to determine whether we will pass favorably
on such measures. On such matters this com-
mittee, with entire unanimity, constituted, as it
is, peculiarly, two from each side of the House—
thatcommittee have been unanimous in recom-
mending to this Congress, to both sides of the
House, non-concurrence in all items which will
not stand the test of absolute necessity; but
1 flatter myself that an appropriation bill com-
ing in with the recommendation of that com-
mittee will meet oil both sides of the House
the support in their recommendations without
division.
Mr. IIAWIjRY. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will point out the different items
of this bill in which the committee recommend
concurrence and the items in which they rec-
ommend non-concurrence.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will bear in \
mind that I propose first to pass upon those in
which they recommend non-concurrence.
Air. HAWLISY. I hope, then, the gentleman
will indicate particularly the items in which
the committee recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. DAWKS. Mr. Speaker, before closing
these remarks I desire to call attention to one
or two of the matters brought here, not for the
lirst time, but for the first time in this Con-
gress. The first of these is a proposition to
pavePennsylvaniaavenue from Fifteenth street
to Ilock creek. It is proposed to pave Penn-
sylvania avenue with a pavement like that
which has lately been put, down from the Cap-
itol to Fifteenth street from Fifteenth street
to Rock creek. The present, pavement, is in a
deplorable condition. Nothing has been done
to it for some fifteen or twenty years, and
something needs to be done to it. The city
authorities, especially the new board of public
works, are very anxious to continue the pave-
ineut upon Pennsylvania avenue which was
put down last year to llock creek, that is, to
Georgetown. The cost of that pavement is
four dollars a square yard. The cost to the
United States for its proportion, according to
its proportion of frontage, wili be $94,000.
The proportion of the frontage of the Govern-
ment on Pennsylvania avenue from flock
creek to the navy-yard is more than one
half of the whole frontage. So the cost of the
pavement to the Government will bo more
than one half. But that is not the propor-
tion between Rock creek and Fifteenth street.
The proportion there is about one third. The
whole expenditure will be about three bun-
