1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I opposed this bill
when it first appeared here in the House. I
was rebuked for it from both sides. Now
that it has grown in the Senate from $75,000
to $1,500,000, besides a great number of in-
definite appropriations which swell it beyond
all reckoning, perhaps ray early challenge o.f
this bill because it was a deficiency bill will
be accounted wise. I am the more satisfied
with my objections to it since the speech of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
just delivered.
All deficiency bills are proofs of unthrift.
They are evidence of lack of accountability
and economy. They have grown on us from
the beginning of the war. We used to pass
bills during the war without debate at the rate
sometimes of a hundred millions a minute.
There was some excuse for such carelessness
and haste in legislation during the war, but
now there is no such excuse. Why allow offi-
cers to create deficiencies? Why allow them
to create deficiencies without estimates, and
before appropriations in advance? Officers
who do this deserve impeachment or dismissal.
The whole system of deficiency is against all
the best rules of parliamentary legislation,
American or English.
I am equally opposed to a large surplus in
the Treasury, either for debt-paying or other
purposes. General Jackson used to say that
the accounts between income and expenditure
ought to be about balanced ; that it was better
that the surplus should remain in the pockets
of the people. I agree to that. I do not want
the Treasury for lull leeches to suck at it.
When there is a large surplus, what a rush
there is for such schemes as this park to which
the gentleniau from Massachusetts refers, for
public buildings, for reckless schemes and obli-
gations of all kinds, and for the payment of
hundreds of millions of the public debt every
year, instead of the equal distribution of the
burden over the future.
The receipts, from July 1,1869, to June 30,
1870, were $411,255,477 03, the reduction of
debt $119,251,240 58, and the expenditures
$309,653,560 75. Yet with our hundred
millions excess of income we are in deficiency.
What we need just now are retrenchment and
a different and better policy of taxation and
debt payment.
Every dollar of this one hundred and nine-
teen millions so boastfully placarded as pay-
ment of the debt, represents a remorseless
tax. Does it not represent^ dying energies,
exhausted resources, dead shipping, paralyzed
industry, crippled trade, and official prodi-
gality? There is no argument for the public
credit, or the sale of our five per cents., to
justify such taxation.
Gentlemen pretended last session, when this
side cudgeled them into some show of reduc-
tion of taxation, that they had reduced our
tax burdens $83,000,0001 I do not believe a
word of that. Certainly one thing is indis-
putably true, that the reductions were not in
the interests of the mass of the jjpople, but in
the interests of monopolies and favored classes.
That we have already shown, and it will best
appear, not by the amounta reduced, but by
the articles and objects of the taxes repealed.
I am not ashamed to own that I am the
author of what a paper this morning (the
Chronicle) calls my "worn-out tariff resolu-
tions," offered by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. I have offered them before. I
desired to have the popular opinion reflected
here. I desired a vote as to the foolishness
and fatuity of discharging a debt before its
maturity, when by such discharge ruin is worked
on the very elements of taxation. II we must
have large reserves in the Treasury and excess-
ive taxation, I want reform in the system
itself, so that the tax shall not discriminate
inequitably against the masses and for the few.
1 introduced a resolution for that purpose. It
went to the tomb ; but it will have its resurrec-
tion.
I want a revenue tariff; and I believe the
people do. The vote yesterday on the resolu-
tion for that purpose shows that the so-
called revenue reform has sufficed to help
many Republicans to this House, who ducked
down when the roll was called, or who thought
to dodge the issue by sending the resolution to
a committee, a tomb not yet even erected for
its sepulcher! Suppose you did voto to take the
tax off coal and salt; you knew the Senate
would not touch these, and it has not.
There is only one way to meet this question.
I proposed it in good faith: a basis of honesty
and equity, no discriminations, no hot bed
industries fostered here by bounties from the
hand of toil, but competitive industries and
exchanges in all we make and free importa-
tion except under such levies as the revenue
only requires. Yet on such a proposition fifty-
one failed to vote, and ninety-eight voted
against it substantially, and seventy-eight for
it. And this a revenue-reform Congress! Of
the Democrats, I desire it to be known, but
four voted against this settled Democratic
principle of justice, whilcabout a dozen only,
revenue reformers, appeared in its favor, all
the rest against it. I can well understand how
plain the Democratic platform will be made
on this topic in 1872. It will road like that
of New York. Here it is. I take the liberty
to submit it as a model of Democratic fiscal
policy:
"Resolved, That our tariff duties, like all taxes,
should have the one only lawful purposo of obtain-
ing necessary revenue, and tli.it the present system
of favoritism, miscalled protection, laying taxes
for the special benefit of a fow capitalists, i>; simple
robbery of the rest of the people; and that, except
in so far as the legitimate expenses of the Govern-
ment may require, free trade is tlio truo policy of
the country.
" Mesolved, That we demand the simplification of
our system of intovnal revenue, the abolition of use-
less and inquisitorial ta,xes, and the reduction of
the whole voluinoof taxation, now in excess ot tho
wants of the Government and tho exigencies of tho
public credit.''
Missouri was carried on it, and will be again.
So will the Northwest and South. The ne-
groes, even, will soon understand it. Cheap
woolens, shoes, and hoes are not hard to be
explained to the humblest mind.
I can understand also the ambiguous posi-
tion which the Kepublicans must take in 1872.
I judge of it a priori by the votes here. I
rejoice that yesterday they were smoked out
of their reform hiding nook and that they fol-
lowed the lead of tho gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Gentlemen may think that they can override
this tax question by howling like dervishes
about the Ku Klux. They are deluded. You
will be forced next fall again to meet it. You
will meet it in 1872. You will have to meet
it squarely. You think to befool the people
by repealing duties on tea and coffee, and by
such a transparent demagogery as that of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
yesterday, of taking away $120,000,000 inter-
nal tax and abolishing the internal _ revenue
system, and all but the tax on spirits and
tobacco.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman from
New York wish to retain the system of internal
taxation ?
Mr. COX. The gentleman knows very well
that I proposed last session to abolish the whole
internal revenue system, but there was coupled
with it at the same time a proposition to reduce
the tariff, also, into a system of equality. I
will print my resolution as my answer. Ilere
it is:
"Whereas the Government of tho United States was
established by the people for their own protection
and benefit, and should be administered upon the
strictest principles of frugality and economy in its
expenditures, and that no money should be taken
from the people by taxation except to supply the
necessary wants of the Government, administered
upon such principles; and whereas at the pjescnt
time the ordinary expenditures of the Government,
exclusive of tho payment of the interest on thepub-
lic debt and a reasonable sum to be applied in the
reduction of said debt, should no', exceed the sum of
$100,000,000 annually; and wnereas the money annu-
ally raised by taxation upon the people should not
exceed the sum oi fc250,000,000, said sum being amply
sufficient to provide for the ordinary expenditures
of the Government, tho payment of the interest of
tho public debt, and $25,000,000 to be applied in
liquidating the principal ofsaid debt; nndwhereasit
is believed that tho existing internal revenuesystem
should be abolished, and tho sum deemed proper to
be raised by internal taxation assigned in justauotas
or proportions to the several States, to be collected
by the authorities thereof, and paid into the national
Treasury, thereby dispensing with the expensive,
corrupting, and annoying maehinory now in force
for that purpose; and whereas the highest rate of
duty on articles of merchandise imported from for-
eign countries into tho United States should be levied
with a view to rovenueonly; and whereas under our
present system there are duties levied of a prohib-
itory nature,and others with the purposo and effect of
protecting particular classes, trades, and individuals
at the expense of the people; and whereas there are
many dutiable orticleswhich should b« entirely free,
such as salt, coal, &c., and the duties upon other arti-
cles should begreatly reduced m the interest ofrevo-
nue and equitable taxation, such as lumber, leather,
pig iron, kc.: Therefore.
Be it resolved, That the Committoo of "Ways and
Moans be direoted to embody the foregoing princi-
ples in a bill or bills, and to report tile same for
action at tho present session.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. COX. I will drop the tariff if you will
drop your point of order. [Laughter.] I
know it is an unpleasant subject to dwell on
for gentlemen on the other side of the House.
I wish to say further on the subject, so that I
may be enabled to gracefully turn around the
corner 
Mr. KELLEY. t wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. COX. If you do the gentleman from
Massachusetts will mako a point of order on
you also.
Mr. KELLEY. Probably not.
Mr. COX. Very well, try it on.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman from
New Yoik wish to still further increase the
expenses of the Government? I ask him
whether he wishes to retain two systems for
collecting the revenue, with all the officers
duplicated, when one system will be sufficient?
Mr. COX. 1 do not believe the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is sincere when he wishes
to propose to abolish the internal revenue
system.
Mr. KELLEY rose.
Mr. COX. I let you in with your question,
and now do not interrupt me. 1 do not believe
the gentleman wishes to abolish the internal
revenue system. He wishes to strike out
$180,000,000 raised in 1870—or perhaps less
since—by internal taxation, and why? Because
that amount will have to be raised by new
tariffs in the interest of his own peculiar State
and locality.
Mr. KELLEY. Answer my question.
Mr. COX. Do not interrupt me. I am an-
swering your question. The gentleman knows
there are §19,000,000 taken out of the Treas-
ury ill the way of duties collected oil pig iron,
which go to the blast furnaces in the State
represented by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, while only one and a half millions go
to the Treasury. I will come to that soon 
Mr. KELLliY. Do you want two systems
of collecting the revenue 
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
When J rose to a point of order before, the
gentleman from New York said he would drop
the subject.
Mr. KELLEY. Do you want two systems
of collecting the revenue?
Mr. DAWES. Iobject to the asking of such
hard questions.
Mr. COX. I have answered the question.
I have offered a resolution expressing my views
already. It was offered last session, and fol-
lowed that of the gentleman referred to and
passed yesterday. I have it inserted to show
that I did favor the abolition of the internal
revenue, but coupled it with tariff reform.
Mr. KELLKY made a remark inaudible at
the reporters' desk.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is mumbling over
something there which I do not hear. He
ought to be satisfied. He had his resolution
yesterday carried almost unanimously. He can
congratnla'e himselt that the minority of some
days ago was transformed into a majority yes-
