586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 113
terday. If I had the chance of firing all around
the horizon on this matter on the tariff I would
be ready to meet the gentleman in that field
of discussion which I cannot do just now, be-
cause I observe that my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] is rising again to a point
of order. Therefore I shall confine myself as
nearly as I can to the deficiency bill. [Laugh-
ter.]
As to how the money was raised to meet
the deficiency, I believe that the point of order
would be overruled, though I do not wish the
gentleman to make it. He has been courteous
to me and I want to be grateful. Last session
we passed two deficiency bills of ten or eleven
million dollars each. They are growing upon
us. The habit will grow so long as we collect
$400,000,000 per annum. The larger the sur-
plus, and the larger the sum in the Treasury,
the greater will be the temptation for the men
who have the control of it to rush after parks
and buildings, and a speedy payment of the
public debt at the rate of $100,000,000 per
annum, and all sorts of jobs and schemes. A
Full Treasury is the parent of corruption ; like
the deficiency bill, it is the result of a bad
system of revenue, and—I beg pardon—a bad
system of tariff.
I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] for allowing me to relieve myself
of my ideas about the tariff. He knows how
difficult it has been since our elections last
fall to have even a test vote or a speech here
for reform. He knows that I was elected on
the revenue issue. I supposed that I had
many colleagues on revenue reform on the
other side of the House. I have been griev-
ously disappointed, and feel better now that I
have said so.
Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to be drawn
into points of order. I believe it is proper
to inquire how the money comes in when
we are asked to pay it out. If it comes in
by injustice and wrong, I do not want to pay
it out illegally, on deficiency or other bills.
Why, then, may I not ask something here
about the resolutions of this Congress about
income, revenue, taxation ? As if a blind
man could not see that you desire to cut off
revenue, internal and direct, so as to keep
up your insidious legalized tariff robberies.
Why did not the gentleman take my resolu-
tion of last session, which would both abolish
the internal revenue system, with its admitted
corruptions, spies, and costliness, and at the
same time the partial and unjust customs
duties, levied to make commodities dear and
cheapness a curse and help the rich and
favored classes? Is there nothing to be taken
off of iron, lumber, blankets, and leather?
The people pay $21,000,000 increased cost
on pig iron by reason of the duty, and the Gov-
ernment only gets $1,500,000; the blast fur-
naces obtain the $19,000,000. It comes out
of shipping, farming, mechanics—out of the
"people! Do not the people understand this
yet? Do they not understand that when you
take away the $185,000,000 collected by inter-
nal revenue as in 1870, and you keep up the
expenditures as you did that year to $309,000,-
000, and your $119,000,000 surplus paid that
year as principal on the debt, that the $185,-
000,000 is to be raised by tariffs, and you will
then double all tariff exactions, or add, for
instance, to the $19,000,000 above $19,000,000
more to pig-iron robbery? So with other arti-
cles.
Let me again illustrate from an authentic
source. I quote from Messrs. Minturn, Bryant,
and Sands of the Free-Trade League. The
facts of their "remonstrance" are not.dis-
putable :
" The Government receives no revenuefrom blan-
kets, yet the duties on them of one hundred and
thirty-five per cent, enable the manufacturers in
this country to extort from the people $2 25 on
every pair sold in the country, over and above what
the same goods can be imported for free of duty.
This is a tax pa-id by every individual in the United
States, and, while it yields no revenue, is more bur-
mmsometothe people than the taxes on tea and
coffee, which produce $13,000,000 per annum. Accu- 1
rate statistics, carefully collected by ex-Commis-
sioner "Wells, show that a family of six persons will
consumo in a yoar, of coffee, thirty-six pounds, the
duty upon which, at three cents per pound, is $108;
of tea, six pounds, the duty upon which, at iUteen
cents per pound, is ninety cents. The whole burden
is, therefore, only $1 98, while the tax on a single
pair of blankets is $225. Bach adult, therefore, pays
more taxes on a pair of blankets than a family of six
persons pays on its tea and coffeo during a whole
year. The tax on a laboring man's suit of clothes
amounts to fully fifteen dollars, or seven times the
sum paid by a family of six persons on its whole
annual consumption of tea and coffee.
' 'Your remonstrants would furthershow that if the
duties on carpets, pig and refined iron, thread, com-
mon window-glass, paint, lumber, blankets, cloth-
ing, leather, were repealed, the loss to the revenue
would be about the same as the loss occasioned by
the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee; but the
saving to the people would be in the case of tea and
coffee only $13,000,000: whereas the repeal of the
duties on pig and refined iron alone would reli eve
them from a burden of over $75,000,000."
Yet you fondly hope you can throw dust into
the eyes of the people, can go on with your
large incomes to pay an unmatured debt, pass
deficiency bills to meet your vagaries of econ-
omy, and make people forget the tariff in your
" hullaballoo " about Ku Klux.
Reduction of taxation is of more importance
than all your clamors. Your bill went through
here on thatsubject after a debate of unexam-
pled length; but a measure of finance, of more
importance, the reduction of taxation, is buried
in the tomb of committees not yet in esse.
Our State and national taxation is estimated
at $900,000,000. It is one fifth of the aggre-
gate earnings of the whole people. Nearly a
day's labor is taken out of every man to keep
up a Government which howls about doubtful
outrages, and imposes burdens! You pretended
last year to reduce. You took credit. It is
as if the criminal should say, '' I am no burglar;
I am onlyathief." You have had ample time
to give us a good currency, stable and fixed,
a standard of values, and a rule of trade. You
could have revived shipping but for pig iron
and its connate monopolies. You have bor-
rowed abroad by sending off your bonds, be-
cause you have not reduced taxation and ener-
gized our industries. You have given dull,
hard times. Cotton and grain are raised against
a falling market, and the least enterprising
seem to have been the luckiest. You gripe
and grasp by your taxes and military laws ;
you allow others to do the same. Y ou have
a banking system which gives a currency which
is in constant protest and bankruptcy, ata cost
of $18,000,000, when you might make the cost-
less greenbacks redeemable; and you call it
statesmanship to forget all these duties, which
business men require, to howl Ku Klux ! Ku
Klux!
For myself, I dislike to vote anymore money
till there is some attempt to equalize the tax-
ation, help business, revive shipping, or re-
lieve the poor and needy. I will not vote
deficiency bills till I see that reform is in
actual operation, and not a mere shibboleth to
gain a place here and then break the promise
to the hope. If wo fail now on tariff reform,
we will take it up again. I remember how
Villiers in Parliament, long before Bright,
Cobden, or Peel, began his work of calling
attention every session, through a score o'f
years, to the enormous fraud of protection in
the corn laws. One day he found the Work
was consummated.
The cheap loaf made Sir Robert Peel hon-
ored and famous, though his life was given
to the other side. I am content like the
humblest member to keep up the fire, even
though*they are but coals smothered in ashes,
till some one shall arise and come forth from
the party of selfishness to do the same here
for the people which Peel did for the people
of England.
I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] for that portion of his_ hour
which I have used.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I desire to occupy only a min-
ute or two. While I agree with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] in much that he
has said about the deficiency bill, it is not all
of the character he represents. We have made
it necessary to some extent by our own legis-
lation. We passed a law granting pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812, and unless we
aided the Pension Bureau those pensions can-
not be paid. Therefore we had to make some
appropriation under that head. Then we or-
ganized the District of Columbia into a Terri-
tory, and we provided for officers and for their
pay, but until you provide an appropriation
for the purpose yon cannot start that organ-
ization. Then you passed resolutions in this
House paying contestants, thereby creating a
charge on the contingent fund of the House
by the very foolish legislation of the last days
oflast session; and we had to make appropri-
ations in the deficiency bill for them. You
passed resolutions giving away your swamp
lands in certain States and your mineral lands ;
and surveys have to be made before these
lands can be made any use of. Therefore
there are some things in this bill for which
appropriations have been rendered necessary
by the legislation of Congress, which the De-
partments could not estimate for, and which
could not be reached in any other way than
by presenting just such a bill as was presented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] originally. That much I have wished
to say on our behalf as a committee.
This bill, as has been very well said, has
been swelled from less than $100,000 to about
a million and a half dollars. During the last
four days the committee have endeavored to
cut it down as much as they could.
But there are two items which have not been
alluded to. There is a deficiency, or rather
there is an appropriation of $250,000 to feed
certain bands of Indians for the next year.
Now, I want the House to look at it and see
if they can get clear of it. i do not think it
can be done without war. There is another
appropriation of $200,000 for the life-saving
stations along the coasts of New Jersey and
Long Island. If gentlemen will read the speech
of the Senator from New Jersey, and listen to
what will be said upon this floor, they will find
it very difficult to get clear of that.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Is the appropriation for
feeding of Indians, to which the gentleman has
referred, made in compliance with any treaty?
Mr. BECK. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we are not bound
to make the appropriation ?
Mr. BECK. No; that I admit. That is
just the question you have to meet. That
appropriation is not made in accordance with
any treaty. It was omitted in the treaty made
in 18G7. But we have been making appro-
priations for the last two years for these In-
dians; we have located them upon reserva-
tions, and liave kept them at peace. In 3868
you failed to make the appropriation, and
these very Indians were raiding all over Texas
and Colorado, and a deficiency bill was passed
of $20,000,000 for the Army, for you had ar.
Indian war, though you did not kill twenty
Indians. You can do the same thing again if
you desire it. Refuse or decline to feed them,
turn them loose upon Colorado and Texas,
and then pay $20,000,000 for the Army to
chase them all over the country, without per-
haps being able to kill one of them. You can
do that, if you prefer it to feeding them.
That is one way in which your appropriation
bill is swollen. You are under no obligation
to give this amount; there is no treaty calling
lor it, and this House says there never should
be any such treaty. But I ask gentlemen to
consider it carefully before they vote it down.
That and the New Jersey appropriation are
the two large items, making up more than
half of what this special committee have agreed
to. In regard to the otheramendments, a large
