590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
when I characterized it as one of the most
infamous bills that I have ever seen sent to
this House from the Senate; and of bills of
that class there have been not a few.
Had I had an opportunity of taking part in
this debate earlier in the -day, I should per-
haps have gone over a good deal of ground
that has since been touched upon, so as to
render remarks which I might have made un-
necessary now. One or two subjects, however,
remain which I have not heard alluded to.
One of the amendments to which I refer is to
allow mileage in addition to the eight dollars
per day allowed to the marshals for taking the
census. I do not see how we can estimate the
amount that will be required to provide that
mileage. These United States marshals agreed
to take their positions; they knew what the
pay was when they took them, and I think
they have not any just claim for mileage.
Another of the Senate amendments, to which
I ask the attention of the House, is that which
appropriates $350,000 as increased compensa-
tion to the United States marshals for taking
the census. It may be said that that is in
obedience to the law. I venture to say that
when that provision passed through this House
no one dreamed that it was going to cost, as
it has since appeared it has cost, somewhere
about seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Another amendment, in regard to which I
desire to say a word, is that making an appro-
priation to provide an extension of the barracks
at Fort Leavenworth. It is known to members
of the last Congress that the amount originally
asked was $350,000. It is now in this bill pro-
posed to make the amount $100,000. As re-
gards this appropriation I simply desire to say,
what I believe is the fact, that these Indian
hostilities are now confined to southern Arizona
and southern New Mexico. So far as I can
ascertain, in a wide circuit from Port Leaven-
worth there are no Indian hostilities or hostile
Indians. What, sir, is the distance between
Fort Leavenworth and the scene of these Indian
hostilities ? If I am not misinformed as to the
geography of those localities, it is a distance of
from fifteen to eighteen hundred miles. Andyou
propose to make an extension of barracks
fifteen hundred miles from the place which
your cavalry and your infantry are engaged
in defending. It seems to me that there is no
justification whatever for this appropriation.
As regards the appropriation for the Indians,
that has already been alluded to. I have during
all my term of service here found this House
most jealous ofits rightsin connection withthe
privileges claimed by the Senate in making
treaties with Indians. This House has often-
times had committees of conference rebelling
against the amount of appropriations for the
Indians. The reply the Senate has always given
us is that they are in compliance with treaty
stipulations. Now, here is a case where you
are asked to give $250,000 to the Indian tribes
named, \yhen it is not in any way within
treaty stipulations. Surely if you do that now
you will have no right hereafter to claim any
privilege of indicating to the Senate an Indian
policy under the treaties actually made.
When this bill shall come to be considered
in its details I shall endeavor to have it
amended in another respect. I find in it several
provisions for the construction of new works.
Those provisions, in my judgment, should be
stricken out.
I also find a feature of legislation somewhat
novel to me, I may say almost unknown to me ;
that is, a provision to he found in several sec-
tions in regard to publie buildings, providing
that the appropriationsfor those purposes shall
be permitted to be expended immediately, dur-
ing the present fiscal year. I think that would
be a very dangerous character of legislation to
inaugurate.
However, the whole scope of this bill as it
comes from the Senate shows a recklessness
on the part of that body in reference to the
Treasury which should call forth from the
country the most decided condemnation. We
here ought not, perhaps, to be surprised at it;
for it has been my experience that the larger
the amount proposed to be drawn.from the
Treasury, the greater the sum or the subsidy
to be given away, and the more sweeping the
grant of public lands asked for, the more quickly
and easily the proposition passed the Senate
and was sent to this House. The larger the
amount, the greater the momentum with which
it went through the Senate.
During the second session of the last Con-
gress there were upon your table, Mr. Speaker,
proposed grants of public lands to the amount
of one hundred and eighteen million acres
which the Senate was willing to give away.
By means of the rules of this House, of which
I was always very glad, we were enabled to
prevent any one of those bills from being
reached during that session; and during the
recent short session, the third session of the
Forty-First Congress, those rules had such a
powerful effect that we were enabled, backed
up by the public opinion which had formed in
the mean time, which public opinion was recog-
nized by gentlemen upon this floor, to save
from these cormorant companies and corpor-
ations one hundred and eighteen million acres
of the public domain. And with the increase
of members on this side of the House in the
present Congress, and also the men who were
returned here after having made so gallant a
fight against these schemes of public plunder,
I think I can congratulate the country and give
notice to these greedy speculators that they
need not spend their money or waste their time
in coming here and asking this Congress for
any grant of public lands.
Mr. NIBLA.CK. When this bill came from
the Senate, and was referred to the special
committee, of which I have the honor to be
a member, for their examination, I felt im-
pelled to discuss it somewhat at length when
it should be returned to the House for our
consideration. And I should still be inclined
to do so were it not that several gentlemen
have already spoken and directed attention to
some of the matters to which it was my pur-
pose toallude and to discussat large. I shall,
therefore, endeavor not to occupy the time of
the House very long to-day. This bill, how-
ever, containing the various provisions which
it does, brings up for debate the whole range
of political questions which we have been dis-
cussing to a greater or less extent during the
present Congress, as well as during the late
session of the last Congress.
There is a section in this bill making an
appropriation to enable the President to inau-
gurate measures for the reform of the civil ser-
vice, which of course brings up for discussion
all the questions relating to the civil service
of the country.
Then there is a section making an appro-
priation to pay the expenses of a committee
which it is presumed will be organized for the
investigation of alleged southern outrages,
about which we have heard so much here dur-
ing the last month, and which brings up legiti-
mately for discussion all those questions about
Kukluxism and reconstruction, if any Repre-
sentative see proper to engage in such discus-
sion now.
Then we have a proposition to constitute a
park in this city; also one to improve that por-
tion of Pennsylvania avenue which lies between
Fifteenth street and Rock creek, the boundary
between this city and Georgetown; also, a prop-
osition to appropriate $12,000 in money for
the relief of a certain class of indigent persons
in this District. Those last propositions bring
up the whole question of the powers and duties
of Congress to administer the affairs of this
District. It is about this latter branch—the
Distcictof Columbia more particularly—which
I a few days ago desired to speak, and to which
I shall be compelled to allude very considerably
in my discussion to-day.
As a member of the committee I have been
compelled, and for some reasons reluctantly
compelled, to vote for non-concurrence in the
proposition to throw certain public grounds in
this city into a public park. During my entire
services in Congress, embracing first and last,
at different intervals, a period of more than ten
congressional years, I have always claimed—
and I think not without some grounds for the
claim—to be a friend of this District. One of
the first things which impressed me when I
first became a member of this House was the
neglect which seemed to have been practiced,
or rather permitted, in regard to legislation for
this District. No provision in the Constitution
is more imperative upon us than that requiring
us to legislate for this District—to govern it
absolutely ourselves or to provide some means
by which it shall be governed under ourauthor-
ity. We all know that there are in force in
this District obsolete laws, totally inapplicable
to the condition of things now existing, laws
which remain unrepealed simply because we
have not given to such matters heretofore that
attention which, in my judgment, we ought to
have done ; laws which have long since been
repealed by the State of Maryland, by which
they were originally enacted, before this par-
ticular portion of the District was ceded to the
United States for the purpose of a national
capital, and which were for convenience merely
continued in force by Congress when the Gov-
ernment came here to reside.
What I have to say, therefore, by way of
stricture or comment in reference to the Dis-
trict of Columbia is not dictated by any spirit
of hostility to the District or its people, but
because I think there is a deliberate purpose
to pervert some of the powers which have
recently been conferred upon certain gentle-
men who are to constitute the territorial gov-
ernment. Against this apprehended perver-
sion I desire to enter my protest. Congress
at the last session recognized the fact that we
had not discharged our whole duty in regard
to this District; and feeling that something
ought to be done by which it should receive
greater attention from some body of men au-
thorized to govern it, we provided for a ter-
ritorial system of government with a Governor
to be appointed by the President, a council to
be also appointed by the President, and a house
of delegates, as 1 think it is termed, to be
elected by the people. One of the professed
objects in seeking this change, at least I so
understood as one member of the House, was
that we might take the government of the Dis-
trict out of the hands of a class of ward pol-
iticans who have infested it as they infest all
other towns and cities of any considerable size,
and out of the hands of the rabble, as some fas-
tidious people termed it; in other words, that
the government of the District might be consti-
tuted upon a more conservative basis which
would allow to the property of the District and
to the men who have the largest interest in the
proper administration of its affairs a greater
voice in its government and especially in the
management of its financial affairs. As there
are no other interests of a practical character
to be looked after in the District that anybody
claimed then to be aware of, the plan to many
minds seemed to be a very reasonable one.
As the people of the District cannot vote for
either President or Vice President, or mem-
bers of either branch of Congress, no one then
claimed that there were any political interests
to be subserved in the proposed change.
As one of the Representatives of the people,
I had some very grave doubts as to this experi-
ment. I feared that we would bring about
a condition of things which would throw the
government of this District more into the
hands of the mere politicians and tricksters
of Washington and Georgetown than was be-
fore the case. If you will allow me to say so,
I distrusted somewhat the influences which
would be brought to bear upon the present
Administration in filling by its appointment
the District offices thus provided*for; but, sir,
