1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the word was passed along the line quietly—
I do not know exactly from what source, but
it came to me in a way which I thought meant
something—that the matter was all arranged,
and that the new government was to be insti-
tuted upon a non-partisan basis to a great
extent. To be sure, I supposed that a major-
ity of the men appointed as members of the
council would probably be Republicans—Rad-
ical Republicans, if you please—in harmony
with the Administration ; and I took it for
granted also that some gentleman of the Re-
publican party would be appointed Governor
of the District. But I thought I had reason
to believe that the minority upon tliis side of
the House would have at least some represent-
atives in this new council to be appointed by
the President.
I think, sir, the public generally had some
reason to expect this would be substantially
the programme of the District government.
We of the minority have the power here in the
House of voting on these questions affecting
this District when we see proper to exercise
it ourselves; and when we delegate this power
to another body, I believe it not unreasonable
to suppose we should have a similar propor-
tion in that legislative council appointed by
the President. But in that matter my worst
fears have been realized. Every member of
that council appointed by the President, as I
am informed, is a member of the dominant
party. It it composed of men who are polit-
ically in favor with the present Administration
of this Government; and the explanation made
to us privately is that there is such a pressure
brought to bear the Administration could not
resist, but had to yield and organize the Dis-
trict on a strictly partisan basis to preserve
the integrity of the Republican party. For if
the integrity of that party were not preserved
here in the District it might tend to create dis-
sension elsewhere, and hence the Administra-
tion had to yield to this party pressure as a
political necessity.
This Administration is very strong in some
respects. When it comes to the appointing of
brothers-in-law and cousins and relatives of
all degrees innumerable, it seems able to stand
up against and to defy public opinion and to
resist all pressure, and when it comes to taking
care of particular pets and personal favorites
it seems to consult no^ one but the members
of the Administration itself as to whom it shall
appoint. When it gets out of that magic circle,
however, it seems to have no political inde-
pendence. "Impotence" and "vacillation"
are written all over all its efforts either to
serve or to harmonize the parly which elected
it, and it advances or recedes according to the
last pressure brought to bear upon it.
But, sir, I do not complain that this Admin-
istration prefers its friends, as a general prop-
osition, to its opponents for all political pur-
poses, and in all matters properly belonging
to the domain of party politics. I concede
that no party can be kept together for any
considerable time as parties are now organized
in this country except by the distribution of
political favors which the Ad ministration which
may be in power has at its command, among
its political adherents; but 1 do insist,sir,
there are many things which devolve on an
administration that do not belong properly to
the range of party politics.
I do think the question of grading the streets,
building parks, dredging an old canal, mak-
ing sewers, regulating the location of some of
the little out-houses which stand on people's
lots, and things of that sort, do not properly
belong to the domain of party politics; and
any Administration, I do not care to what party
it belongs, which attempts to make appoint-
ments affecting these objeet3 on a partisan
basis underrates the force of public opinion.
Such a policy destroys the efficiency of that
branch of the public service and incurs and
brings about a condition of things which can
only result in a revulsion of public feeling
against that Administration sooner or later.
There are some things too small for a great
party to stop to make an issue about, and in
regulating these matters in this District, which
are so much below the range of polities, this
Administration is abusing the power placed
within its reach when it uses it for such a pur-
pose.
Party man as I am, and parly man as I have
been, on all matters strictly political, I know,
sir, I would consider the party to which I belong
having this power and using it in this way
would belittle the patronage placed within its
reach if it adopted such a course.
The District of Columbia is neutral ground
as between all the parties and all the sections
of the country. Men from all portions of the
country have to come here to reside tempo-
rarily merely on official business. Private
business and social considerations bring annu-
ally large numbers of others here who are, in
common with all the other people of the coun-
try, part owners of this the national capital.
The Government holds all here in trust for the
whole people of the country. All are inter-
ested, therefore, in seeing things conducted in
decency and order here. Petty political cliques
and squabbles are out of place here, which look
only to private emolument or mere partisan
ends. Any Administration, therefore, which
uses its patronage here to reward mere hungry
partisans, and in the interest of a certain class
of persons only, inflicts a positive injury on the
District and doe3 an injustice to the whole
people of the country.
But, sir, 1 shall not elaborate this further
than to say I have always been the friend of a
park here in Washington. 1 should like to
see Congress take measures to construct a
park, but this appropriation here is inoppor-
tune for two or three reasons. One is that the
new government of which 1 am speaking has
not yet been organized, and I would like to see
it get to work before we proceed with any other
great improvements. I would like to see what
it will likely accomplish in regard to reforms
in the District before I willingly vote money for
this park or any similar proposed public work.
Then again, sir, this measure was defeated
in the last session of Congress when we were
engaged in general legislation, and it does not
now belong to a deficiency bill at all. It ought
not to be here in this bill. And hence I am
compelled to vote against it for the reasons I
have stated, as well as for others which I shall
not detain the House by giving at present. I
do not, however, want to be understood as
being against the policy of establishing a park
somewhere in this District, for I think that
ought to be done sooner or later if this shall
continue to be the capital of this country, as I
have no doubt it will for at least many gener-
ations to come. Every great capital city like
this ought to have a public park.
And now, as to this proposition to appropri-
ate money for the investigation of the southern
outrages, I confess I feel a little disappointed.
If we have to go on and make investigation by
the committee, of course we must appropriate
the money necessary to pay the expenses of the
investigation. But, sir, after the legislation of
last week, by which, so far as the action of this
House is concerned, remedies or supposed
remedies were provided for these very irregu-
larities which the committee proposed to in-
vestigate, I should have supposed that the
proposition to investigate would be abandoned.
Everybody objects to inflicting punishment
upon a man and afterward trying him. The
proposition to investigate, as 1 understand,
was got up as a sort of counter-movement to
legislation at the present session. For a time
it seemed to prevail in this House, but by the
indomitable tact, energy, and great ability of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] that portion of the party of the Admin-
istration which was in favor of immediate
legislation triumphed and the members of the
party in favor merely of investigation were
driven to the wall, were whipped into the
traces, and were compelled to vote at the
present session of Congress for a bill to punish
these supposed refractory people in the South.
Well, now, Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the
party of the Administration on being for once .
during this session a unit on some question.
And I have great pleasure in saying from my
place that that unity has been principally due-
to the superior skill and tactics of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to
whom I have already referred. I knew that
there was for a time a disposition, at least
there seemed a disposition, not to recognize
that gentleman's leadership. Ever since the
death of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
late Mr. Stevens, some years ago, there has
been seemingly a vacancy in the leadership
among gentlemen on the other side. Some-
times one gentleman predominates for awhile,
and sometimes another. But there was no
man who, by common consent, held theposition
recognized as that of leader on that side of the
House. During the late Congress the leader-
ship seemed to be divided between the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the
gentleman from Ohio, (General Schenck,)
and the other gentleman from Massachusetts
to whom I have referred. They alternated in
regard to occupying the most important posi-
tion, according to the subject which happened
to be under consideration at each particular
time.
But, sir, at length we sec the party united
under the lead of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and we see it a unit
upon a great question about which there
seemed to be much division only a few weeks
ago. I shall not take time to discuss how
this was brought about. The country under-
stands that whatever else may be said about
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But
lee,] his great ability, his tact, and his force
of character, in this as in all other matters,
must be acknowledged by those even to whom
he is most bitterly opposed. It was a lit-
tle mortifying to me, Mr. Speaker, to see the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr, Farns-
woktii] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Binuiiam,] whom I have been iu the habit of
following from time to time, very often on
these reconstruction questions, all whipped in,
one by one, to the support of this measure of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. And I
believe, sir, that in that category I ought to
include my other friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] who kicked a little in the traces,
but who came in rather handsomely toward
the close of the contest. To be sure he was
only an eleventh-hour man in this controversy,
but I believe that in the good Book the elev-
enth-hour man got the same pay as those who
came in earlier.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish my friend
to tell me what he is talking about; I have
just come into the Hall.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am talking about the
leadership of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] in regard to the Ku Klux
legislation.
Air. DICKEY. Is that in pursuance of the
gentleman's threat?
Mr. NIBLACK. Wait until I get through.
I agree that according to this lesson of Scrip-
ture the eleventh hour men get the same pay
as did those who have served during the heat
and burden of the day. But I think that the
judgment of all generations, from the time
that beautiful parable was enunciated down to
the present day, is that the principle of the
lesson it inculcates as applied to the mere
business pursuits of men would not always
bring thrift and prosperity. It is certainly
asking too much that the eleventh hour man
shall assume at once the front seat in the
synagogue. Viewitasyou will, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Sir. Butler] was the
central figure in that contest, and the laurels
