HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,July 7, 1864.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

Some 8,000 or 1,000 men have been ordered to rendezvous at mouth of Monocacy, as fast as they arrive from Army of the Potomac. A part will go by railroad and a part by canal. See that they are properly supplied with provisions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 7, 1864.

(Received 7. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At 4. 30 I telegraphed General Wallace, viz:

A large force of veterans has arrived by water, and will be sent immediately. Our arrangements are made to forward them with greatest possible dispatch. As General Sigel's force remains on Maryland Heights, you are doubtless aware of the great importance of preserving Monocacy bridge. If it be damaged or destroyed great delay will result in getting forward re-enforcements to General Sigel. I trust you will be able to maintain your position, and protect fully this most important structure.

And at 4. 55 received the following reply:

My troops are engaging the enemy to the west and in the skirts of Frederick. Warm cannonading going on. I will hold the bridge at all hazards. Send on the troops as rapidly as possible.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

Transportation has been sent to Locust Point, and I have detailed our most effective officers to hasten the disembarkation of troops, and to urge their loading and forwarding with the greatest practicable dispatch.

J. W. GARRETT.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 7, 1864 - 7. 15 p. m.

(Received 8. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I regret to state that no troops are yet disembarked. Unfortunately orders were given by the commanding general (Ricketts) that none should be landed until he arrived. He has not yet arrived, but Colonel Thomas has just effected arrangement with the senior officer on transports here, and the vessels are hauling in. I am urging all parties in control here to act vigorously. We have now transportation waiting at Locust Point for 4,000 men, and will doubtless have cars as rapidly as the remainder arrive.

General wallace telegraphs at 6. 50 p. m.:

I think my troops are retiring from Frederick. If so, they have been directed to fall back upon the Baltimore pike to the crossing of the Monocacy, and to hold the crossing at all hazards.

A telegram has just received, stating the forces at Fredericksburg are out of ammunition. I have notified Colonel Lawrence that we

