
CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 7, 1864. (Received 11. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our latest telegram from Parkersburg is of 7. 40 last p. m., received this morning. It states that the 2,300 men first arrived were promptly forwarded, and that but 700 more, which were then landing, had arrived; these would be promptly forwarded. General Hunter was at Parkersburg yesterday. The arrivals at Parkersburg are very slow, in consequence, it is stated, of the river being so low that the boats have great difficulty in getting up. Our arrangements were perfect several days ago for large movements, and our recent advices lead us to expect that the troops can probably be brought as far as Back Creek by the restoration of the damaged bridges. A portion of the troops passed through Cumberland to-day, and we hope by morning to hear of their arrival in the vicinity of Hancock. I directed a reconnaissance of the road by railway men to be made as far east as practicable, form which I hope to hear during the night.

J. W. GARRETT.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, July 7, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

Your response to my telegram of 10 p. m. received. Am glad to say I have no specific knowledge of the existence of any hostile force threatening the bridges between Washington and Annapolis Junction on our road, but my reasons for suggesting an increase of the guard are found in the facts that the Government itself is aware of the general fact that a large force is about demonstrating toward Maryland, and the guard in question is now apparently too small to resist anything more than a very slight attack. We hope no danger, but felt it our duty to venture the suggestion in my first dispatch.

W. P. SMITH.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., July 7, 1864. (Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

GENERAL: I received the following dispatch, dated Camden Station, July 6, 10, 10. 40 p. m., this day at 11. 30 a. m.:

We have good cause, we think, for suggesting that you will require your men at bridges at Laurel and Savage to exercise particular vigilance to-night and to-morrow night.

W. P. SMITH,

Muster of Transportation.

Immediately upon received of this dispatch I re-enforced the pickets at Savage, consisting of one corporal and four men, with one sergeant and sixteen men, and hold, with the balance of my company, the Laurel bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. RAINALS,

Captain Commanding Detach. 18th Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

