
in passing on their late march, and are now in a destitute condition, the commissaries of this command may issue subsistence to all such persons.

By command of Brigadier General George Crook:

J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA., Numbers 15. CHARLESTON, July 7, 1864.

Colonel Moore, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, will proceed to Beverly, for the purpose of assembling his regiment at that place. He will reorganize and refit it for active operations in the field with the least possible delay. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PARKERSBURG, July 7, 1864. (Received 8. 37 a. m.)

General KELLEY:

Order Batteries E and F, First West Virginia Light Artillery, to hold themselves in readiness for active service. Direct the quartermasters at their respective stations to turn over to them from the trains the necessary animals to make them efficient. Advise me forthwith whether there be any circumstances which will prevent all or any of these batteries from taking the field, and also as to their supply of ammunition on had, and the kind of projectiles which they use. I will supply their places on the railroad with other batteries.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 7, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER, Parkersburg:

Battery E is here and in readiness. Battery F is at Clarksburg. I have ordered Colonel Wilkinson to put it in readiness to move, and to report its condition to you at once. I am supplying the wants of General Sullivan's command as fast as possible.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 7, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Parkersburg:

Please push the First New York [Lincoln] Cavalry on as fast as possible. They are thoroughly acquainted in Berkeley, Jefferson, and Frederick, and can be of great importance is ascertaining the position and movements of the enemy. Nothing new this a. m. I have no cavalry to send to the front.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

