
BALTIMORE, July 7, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY:

Veteran troops are now arriving at Baltimore, and being rapidly sent forward to the support of General Sigel. We are advised that the Back Creek bridge is yet but little damaged; that but a small rebel force has appeared near that point. Have you been able to forward cavalry, to protect the line from Back Creek west? I hope you have succeeded in accomplishing this most important result.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

NEW CREEK, July 7, 1864. (Received 7. 20 p. m.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

The scout your ordered to Sheets' Mill has returned. Discovered nothing. I send out another to-night to Burlington and vicinity.

J. F. HOY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland, July 7, 1864.

Colonel I. STOUGH,One hundred and fifty-third Ohio National Guard:

Your messenger arrived safe, though it appears he encountered a bushwhacker on the Maryland side not far from a point opposite Little Cacapon. The general commanding directs me to say that he is exceedingly pleased with the conduct of yourself and command along the line, and that you will still continue to be vigilant and watchful, keeping your scouts active and well out to the front. Also that the concurs active and well out to the front. Also that he concurs with you in regard to the conduct of Captain Petyrie and the men manning the iron-clads. Cars (troops trains) will go to South Branch this evening. General Sigel was still holding Maryland Heights at last advices.

I am, very respectfully,

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 7, 1864.

Colonel WILKINSON:

Clarksburg:

Direct Major Hunter to keep his scouts active and well out to the front. Use any troops that are at Beverly.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, July 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Scouts just arrived at Beverly from Valley Mountain report a small force of rebels at Little Level, who many probably come down through Webster County.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

