
emy advancing on Frederick. The stores and everything but a few sick have been removed from that place. A train is now going down to bring away the latter. Will endeavor to hold this place until the force of the enemy is fully developed.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 7, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a letter was received yesterday from General Barnard, chief engineer General Grant's staff, requesting the release of Mr. Ramsay McHenry, who is a near relative of his wife. I am informed that other parties are vigorously at work at Washington, and I expect the result will be as in the Reid case. I sent you a telegram this a. m. asking if he should be released in anticipation of an order to do so. I have written to Colonel Hardie in reply to the Secretary's order to release Reid. The order was executed last night. All your orders as to the movement of troops have been executed. Colonel Root sent the six companies with only twenty-five rounds ammunition. I sent a full supply to General Tyler, at the Monocacy, this a. m. I send all the private mail received to date. Nothing new at the office. We are getting a large number of stragglers from General Sigel's army. Are collecting them at Camp Distribution, and getting them ready to forward as soon as we know the road is open. The order about arrest of officers works well. Colonel Woolley reports his office full of them this a. m. Some here without any authority. All such will be sent to Camp Distribution to await opportunity to be returned to their regiments. Please excuse the hurried manner in which this is written.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONOCACY, July 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A battle now taking place at Frederick, with fair chance to whip the enemy. I shall hold this bridge. Hurry up the veterans just arrived with all dispatch. Let them all come at once if possible. Inform Mr. Garrett of my purpose as to the bridge.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 7, 1864-4. 40 p . m.

Major-General WALLACE,

Monocacy Junction, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Your dispatch just received. I don't know what you mean by the veterans just arrived. All the troops you have asked for left early this a. m. I will collect all I can and send to you.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

