
days' supplies. A depot will be immediately established at the latter place. Until further orders, you will operate there as occasion may require.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 7, 1864-9. 42 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER AND CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Baltimore:

General Rickett's division, as fast as it arrives, will be landed and sent with five days' provisions to mouth of Monocacy or Point of Rocks. All dismounted cavalry arriving from Army of the Potomac will be sent by railroad to cavalry camp, Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 7, 1864. (Received 10. 20 p. m.)

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch received. General Ricketts' division commenced arriving at 6. 30 p. m. Orders were issued at once to proceed to the Monocacy without delay. The quartermaster has been furnished with a copy of your dispatch.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General RICHETTS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that a dispatch from Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff, has been received at these headquarters directing that upon the arrival of the troops of your command they should be forwarded at once to the mouth of the Monocacy, or Point of Rocks, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Orders have been issued to Colonels Truex and Smith to proceeded at once. No other brigades have yet been reported as having arrived. Subsequent dispatches from the honorable Secretary of War direct that your command move forward without delay. general Halleck's dispatch orders that five days' rations should be taken. As it was not practicable under the circumstances to forward the troops at once and at the same time issue the rations, orders were given to the chief commissary to send sufficient supplies to the Monocacy by special train. It was reported also that your command was deficient in ammunition, therefore a sufficient supply was ordered to be to ready at once, and will be sent in a special train at 4 a. m. to report to Major-General Wallace at Monocacy Junction, so that there will be enough to issue to your troops upon arrival there.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

