
CAMDEN STATION, July 7, 1864.

Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Secretary of War telegraphs me that orders have been issued for embarking and forwarding the troops without waiting for General Ricketts. I trust this order has been promptly delivered, and hope no further delay will occur. Mr. Smith goes at once to Locust Point to communicate with the commanding officer, with a copy of the Secretary of War's telegram.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

JULY 7, 1864-7. 15 p. m.

Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters:

I am just advised that the forces at Frederick are out of ammunition, and that you have been telegraphed to forward it. I have ordered a fast passenger engine, which will be ready in twenty minutes at Camden Station. You doubtless appreciate the vital necessity of instant action. How soon will you have it here? Pray do all that is possible to get it here at once.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 7, 1864.

Mr. GARRETT:

The orders to disembark and proceed at once to the Monocacy were given from there headquarters immediately upon notification that the troops had arrived. I inclosed copy of the first order* given, which was at 6. 30 p. m. I do not allow a moment to elapse before I take action, and I have not left my desk since General Wallace left here. I cannot account for the delay in the disembarkation. Colonel Woolley went at once with the orders; he has not yet reported. A delay occurred in the getting off the ammunition that the quartermaster who has charge of that branch not being at his office and no one there to attend to it.

I have already sent some ammunition. I trust that the balance is now on the road. I assure you that I am taking every step to issue the orders received with the utmost dispatch. No delay has occurred during the past two days that I know of. The matter of the command refuses to move his troops until arrival of General Ricketts. If he does so it will be a direct disobedience of orders. I beg you will not permit the honorable Secretary of War to think that there is any fault at these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 171, Middle Department, p. 115.

---------------

