SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 171. Baltimore, July 7, 1864.

* * * *

III. Colonel Truex, commanding brigade, of General Ricketts' division, Sixth Army Corps, is hereby ordered to disembark the troops of his command without delay and proceed by rail to the Monocacy Junction, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, the destination of the division to which said brigade belongs.

IV. Colonel Truex, in accordance with orders of Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff, to proceed at once by railroad to the mouth of the Monocacy, or Point of Rocks, with five days' rations. Upon receipt of this order Colonel Truex will proceed at once with so much of his command as has arrived, and leave orders for the balance to follow without delay. This order in connection with paragraph 3, Special Orders, Numbers 171, from these headquarters this date.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] BALTIMORE, MD., July 7, 1864.

Colonel Bliss, quartermaster Eighth Army Corps, is hereby directed to order all troops of General Ricketts' command to disembark immediately and proceed at once by railroad to the mouth of the Monocacy, of Point of Rocks, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The troops will be ordered to proceed as fast as they arrive. Upon arrival of the dismounted cavalry order them to proceed at once to Washington and report at the cavalry camp. Report the names of the commanding officers.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 7, 1864-9. 55 a. m.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Orders for your supplies have been issued, and the Adjutant-General reports that every arrangement has been made for supplying your troops with arms, equipments, clothing, &amp;c. You will please notify the Department if anything be required.

EDWIN M. STNANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 7, 1864. (Received 10. 30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I issued proclamation for 12,000 additional troops, under your telegram last night. General Couch went up to Chambersburg last evening. After my proclamation he returned. I deem his presence

