
more forces arrive we have nothing to meet that number in the field, and the militia is not reliable even to hold the fortifications of Washington and Baltimore. It is the impression that one-third of Lee's entire force is with Early and Breckinridge, and that Ransom has some 3,000 or 4,000 cavalry. None of the cavalry sent up by you has arrived nor do we get anything from Hunter. Troops sent from the James River should come here, not to Baltimore, where they cannot be supplied or equipped. If your propose to cut off this raid and not merely to secure our depots we must have more forces here. Indeed, if the enemy's strength is as great as represented, it is doubtful if the militia can hold all of our defenses. I do not think that we can expect much from Hunter. He is too far off and moves too slowly. I think, therefore, that very considerable re-enforcements should be sent directly to this place.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, July 8, 1864. (Received 1. 40 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received the following dispatch from General Kelley:

CUMBERLAND, July 7, 1864-6 p. m. (Received 12. 50 a. m. 8th.)

The enemy attacked Big Cacapon yesterday morning but was driven off; the brigade saved. He was also driven from Sir John's Run; not, however, before he had succeeded in firing the station-houses. The troop trains have passed our Patterson's Creek bridge. Will be detained but a short time at South Branch. Will then forward the troops rapidly as possible to Cherry Run, where we will debark. Message just received not seriously damaged. I congratulate you for your good fortune in sustaining so little damage to road and its equipments within the bounds of our district. It has been saved by the pluck of my small and scattered command.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

This statement enables us to feel confident of effecting prompt transportation of General Hunter's forces to a point within eleven miles of Martinsburg.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 8, 1864. (Received 6. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our road officer telegraphs from Green Spring Run at 3. 43 this p. m. that he has found, after crossing South Branch, the bridge and road in order to Back Creek, except seven miles of track destroyed at Sir John's Run and the water-station, and that the trains would proceed to Back Creek this night. He states that citizens estimate rebel forces at Martinsburg yesterday at 7,000, which is probably an exaggeration. The first train of troops from Locust Point left at

