
from Fredericksburg I receive further intelligence of the movements of the main body of the enemy, said to be retiring upon Boonsborough, and until concentrated action can be had between my force and that at Harper's Ferry. You will oblige me, therefore, by telegraphing me the latest intelligence concerning the movements of the enemy. As soon as a line of action is adopted at harper's Ferry, you will further oblige me by sending a statement of it by a confidential and reliable officer. I find it impossible to move immediately owing to the insufficiency of supplies. The latter objection will be abated by to-morrow.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION, July 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBER,Commanding Defenses Maryland Heights:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the enemy is reported to be retreating toward Boonsborough. How reliable this is cannot be said as yet. Colonel Maulsby's brigade is now at Brown's School-House to remain at that point. A portion of Colonel Mulligan's command has been ordered to be in readiness to cross the river at Harper's Ferry. The cavalry is following up the enemy's movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES MARYLAND HEIGHTS, Fort Duncan, Md., July 8, 1864.

Captain H. M. BERLEIGH,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to order of Major-General Sigel I have ordered the Second Battalion, Fifth New York Artillery, to be relieved from duty as support to the defenses and to report at Camp Hill, Va., for duty. As they will soon be in camp, I have to request that a proper officer be placed in command of the battalion and I be relieved from their command. I have also to report that I directed the commanding officer of the engineer company to lay his pontoon bridge as quickly as possible. Captain Rosney, Battery D, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, has been ordered to return to his old camp-ground at Camp Hill.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. MERRIAM,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

GRAFTON, July 8, 1864.

General KELLEY:

Engine 127, with General Hunter and staff, left at 4 a. m.

W. CARR.

