
HARRISBURG, PA. July 8, 1864-1 p. m. (Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Scouts report Hagerstown as evacuated, except by a few stragglers. Imboden moved toward Sharpsburg. Scouts in from Boonsborough report two brigades of cavalry and infantry lying below the town, and fighting on South Mountain.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, July 8, 1864. (Received 9. 40 p. m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR, or

Major-General HALLECK:

A deserter just into Gettysburg from McClausland's cavalry brigade states he left at Shepherdstown Monday night and Tuesday while the enemy crossed-about 30,000 men, and said to be about 125 pieces of artillery. There are five brigades of cavalry--McCausland's, Jones', Jackson's, Imboden's, and Ransom's. The first one composed of four regiments, and 2,800 strong; three infantry divisions, Early's (commanding his old one), Breckinridge, and Rodes', Breckinridge's about 15,000.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAYNESBOROUGH, PA., July 8, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

Mr. Fletcher has just returned from the vicinity of Frederick. Bradley Johnson's advance was but a short distance from Frederick, and compelled Colonel Cole's command to fall back last night to the city. This morning he took possession of the place in all probability without resistance, as Cole's command was only part of a regiment. General Early crossed at or near Shepherdstown Ford with his corps, followed by General Breckinridge. Early moved his command immediately down the river in the direction of Harper's Ferry. Breckinridge came up to the Boonsborough pike and covered Johnson's command. McCausland was the rear guard and moved on the pike. I was within three miles of Boonsborough on the Smithsburg road. The first rebels discovered were at Beaver Creek village, six in number, mounted, armed with carbines, and one officer. I followed them down the road in the direction of Boonsborough as far as Smoketown. There discovered a large number scattered all over the country, gathering horses, with scouts in mountain for the same purpose, preventing my going any farther, and have gathered in a large number of horses from the Maryland farmers. I will remain here until I receive orders from you.

J. B. BURT,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

