
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Numbers 38. Harrisburg, Pa., July 8, 1864.

In accordance with authority from the President of the United States, and the proclamation fo the Governor of Pennsylvania, dated Harrisburg, July 6, 1864, I hereby call for 1,000 mounted men for special service.

They must be good riders and gallant men, and must furnish their own horses and equipments, for the use of which they will receive 40 cents per day each, and be paid for those actually lost in the service at the price entered on the muster-rolls.

The United States Government will furnish clothing, subsistence, and forage.

All those responding to this call are requested to assemble at Harrisburg without delay, for company and regimental organization.

Applications for transportation must be made to Captain J. G. Johnson, assistant quartermaster, and chief quartermaster Department of the Susquehanna, at Harrisburg, Pa.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. CHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Harrisburg, Pa., July 8, 1864.

The 12,000 men being raised in pursuance of the proclamation of the Governor of Pennsylvania, dated at Harrisburg, July 6, 1864, for the defense of the State will be mustered into the United States service for 100 days, unless sooner discharged, to serve in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Washington and vicinity as the safety and protection of the State may require. All responding to the call, west of Johnson and the Laurel Hill range of mountains, will report to the commanding officer Camp Reynolds, near Pittsburgh, Pa. ; all east fo that line and west of and including Reading, Pa., will report to the commanding officer Camp Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa. All east of Reading and that line will report to the commanding officer Camp Cadwalader, Philadelphia.

Companies, if possible, should be formed before starting for the camp of rendezvous. Upon the application of the commanding officer of a squad, consisting of not less than eight men or a company, to the agents of the different railroad companies throughout the State, transportation to the camp of rendezvous will be furnished.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. CHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Numbers 156. Harrisburg, Pa. July 8, 1864.

1. Brigadier General Thomas A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Chambersburg, Pa., and assume command of all the military forces in that region.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

