HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., July 9, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Fort Monroe:

Troops arriving from New Orleans will be sent immediately forward to Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 9, 1864. (Received 4. 10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The telegraph line was cut east of Monocacy about 11 this morning. Two trains of troops, the last of General Rickett's division, have lain at Plane Numbers 4, thirteen miles east of Monocacy, since that time. I have telegraphed the commanding officer as follows:

To Officer in Command of Troops Trains at Plane Numbers 4.:

I am advised that a battle is in progress at Monocacy bridge, and that the prompt arrival of your re-enforcements is deemed of treat importance. Will it not be proper for you to proceed at once, either in the cars or march? I am satisfied not a moment should be lost in your movement to the scene of action.

J. W. GARRETT.

As you may have better information, will you have such further advices forwarded as the circumstances require?

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 9, 1864. (Received 5. 10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received telegram Cherry Run, thirteen miles west of Martinsburg, that the first troops trains from Parkersburg arrived at that point at 8 p. m., and confirming statement that the road is now in order to Back Creek. It reports enemy's pickets at North Mountain, and that Martinsburg was then occupied by a small force. Enemy having crossed at Williamsport, in Maryland, our road officer expect to reconstruct Back Creek bridge promptly. Since our former report from Petersburg we are advised that 4,000 troops have been forwarded; 800 were expected to arrive yesterday. Several boats were reported below, the number of troops of troops on which could not be ascertained. As the road is now in order to Back Creek, I look for all troops being shipped from Parkersburg getting through promptly to the vicinity of former point.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

