
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 9, 1864-5. 15 p. m .

J. W. GARRETT,

Camden Station:

What have you heard about battle at Monocacy to-day? We have nothing about it here except what you say.

A. LINCOLN.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, MD., July 9, 1864. (Received 7. 15 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President:

At 10. 30 this a. m. operator at Monocacy stated there was then severe fighting near that point, our forces shelling the enemy, who had advanced to within three-quarters of a mile of Monocacy on the road from Frederick to Georgetown. At 1 p. m. a telegram from Plane Numbers 4, thirteen miles east of Monocacy, stated that the reports from Monocacy by the last train that left that place were that a battle was then in progress. The following dispatch to the New York Tribune, marked as approved by Major General Lew, Wallace, passed through our office at 9. 45 this a. m., dated--

FREDERICK JUNCTION, July 9, 9. 45 a. m.

SIDENY H. GAY,

Tribune, New York:

Early Friday morning Brigadier-General Tyler, under orders from General Wallace, went to front at Frederick and took command. Colonel Cledenin, with cavalry, commenced and continued skirmishing with enemy all day in mountains back of city. In afternoon General Wallace went to front with re-enforcements. Learning that enemy's position on our front was merely a feint to cover his movement on Urbana and thence toward Washington, General Wallace withdrew his forces and evacuated Frederick City at 10 o'clock Friday night. Early this morning rebels were in line of battle and advanced on Frederick which they reoccupied. We removed everything possible form the city, sick and wounded, stores, &amp;c. Two citizens were arrested by our retiring skirmishers making signals to rebel last night from the city. General has headquarters here this (Saturday) morning. Rebels advancing and are now skirmishing with our guard, who hold the bridge on Baltimore pike. Rebels levied $20,000 on citizens of Middletown, pillaging the place. In fight on Thursday we killed 143 rebels; our loss 18 all told. Captain Morris, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, killed Friday's fighting, and about a dozen of our men. We were fully assured that rebels who fought us were commanded by Breckinridge. They have two brigades under Bradly Johnson and McCausland. General Wallace is now making preparations to defend this point, which we will hold up to last possible moment. Enemy are said to be advancing in heavy force down Baltimore pike.

DR.

The two troops trains proceeded from Monrovia west, but I regret to advise are just reported returned to that point, and that force is now at Monrovia with the trains. Our telegraph operator at Monrovia, which is eight miles east of Monocacy, this instant telegraphs that an aide of General Wallace has arrived there, who reports that "our troops at Monocacy have given way, and that General Wallace has been badly defeated," the bridge having been abandoned. The reasons given for their return is that the rebels were seen near Ijamsville, three miles west of Monrovia. It is perhaps proper for me to state, to be received for what it may be worth, that Mr. Mantz, a reliable officer of our company, reports that a private scout of Gen-

