
eral Sigel's has just arrived at Plane Numbers 4, forty-six miles from Baltimore, who states there are 15,000 of the enemy on Old Liberty road, marching toward Baltimore. I at once advised Colonel Lawrence, chief of staff of General Wallace, to send scouts upon that road and to obtain accurate information as early as practicable.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 9, 1864-7. 35 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

See my telegram in response to the President. Agent Mantz reports from Plane Numbers 4, at 7 p. m., that the two troop trains started west about 4 o'clock; they stopped to get three day's rations; and that when proceeding west two scouts called upon the road and ordered the trains stopped, stating that our army was sadly defeated and was falling back over the railroad and pike, enemy following up. Things looked very badly, indeed. He adds that he really thinks there is some credit to be given to the report that Sigel's scouts brought in, because he delivered it in writing to the colonel of the Sixth Maryland, and was particular in having it timed. His horse had been ridden very hard. The large bridge over the Monocacy, on Georgetown road, and one of the block-houses are reported burned. The battle is represented as having been very severe, the enemy largely outnumbering our forces. Our operator at Numbers 4 states that our forces are now retreating past that station on the National road.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 9, 1864-10. 40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am at this moment in receipt of the following dispatch from General Wallace:

PLANE Numbers 1, July 9. (Received 8. 33 p. m.)

I did as I promised. Held the bridge to the last. They overwhelmed me with numbers. My troops fought splendidly. Losses fearful. Send me cars enough to Ellicott's Mills to take up my retreating columns. Don't fail me.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

This would indicate the general's determination to retreat directly to Baltimore. Can you send aid from Washington to hold with his forces an intermediate point that will jointly lead upon the defense as requested, and will send it promptly unless otherwise ordered by you. If you desire any communication to General Wallace we can probably get it through by telegraph to Ellicott's Mills and courier from that point. The agent of the Philadelphia road telegraphs at 9. 25 that he learns that no troops will leave New York to-night. Three thousand are expected to leave New York to-morrow.

J. W. GARRETT.

