
WILMINGTON, July 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your instructions shall be carried out as speedily as possible.

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 9, 1864-10 a. m. (Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable E . M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Extracts from your dispatch to me yesterday in relation to changing the manner of mustering in the 100-days' men were given to the Governor. In reply I received the following, and now understanding that it was expected a copy would be furnished you, it is hereby forwarded:

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Harrisburg, July 8, 1864.

GENERAL; I will of course do all in power to raise the men called by the President under existing orders, which you say cannot be changed, and am happy and judgment. It is proper, however, that I should say that my opinion as to the manner of muster remains unchanged. It has been found in this State that we were always successful in filling requisitions for troops made by the Government when they were mustered by companies, and never when compelled to hold them until regiments could be formed. That is my judgment as established by experience. The men should be mustered by companies or less than companies, and the commencement of the 100-days' service be counted from the day regimental organizations are formed. We will, under the circumstances, do all we can to serve the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, July 9, 1864-10. 15 a. m. (Received 2. 30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, or

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If you have an batteries of light artillery that can be spared, please send four rifled ones.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 9, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Harrisburg:

We have no batteries that can be spared. Everything of the sort was sent to General Grant ten days ago except what are absolutely needed here.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

