
General Howe, inspector of artillery, for equipment. That the commanding officer report to General Howe at daylight to-morrow morning. Direct your quartermaster to furnish the transportation.

Respectfully, yours,

J. A. HASKIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 3, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Sigel reports that Early, Breckinridge, and Jackson, with Mosby's guerrillas, are said to be moving from Staunton down the Shenandoah Valley. I ordered General Hunter up to the line of the railroad, but he has replied to none of my telegrams, and has made no report of his operations or present condition. Sigel has been ordered to telegraph directly to him, to inform him of the condition of affairs, and to ask for instructions. It is possible that Hunter is marching by Beverly and Moorefield or Romney, which would account for his not answering dispatches. The three principal officers on the line of the road are Sigel, Stahel, and Max Weber. You can, therefore, judge what probability there is of a good defense if the enemy should attack the line in force.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 3, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 8.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

You can direct Sigel in answer to his dispatch of 10.30 a. m. of to-day better than I can. Early's corps is now here. There are no troops that can now be threatening Hunter's department, except the remnant of the force W. E. Jones had, and possibly Breckinridge. If there is anything threatening any portion of his department, however, you need not send him here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, July 3, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Since telegraphing you to-day I have made inquiries to ascertain the grounds upon which Early's (Ewell's) corps has returned to our front. I find no prisoners have been taken from it since its reported return. deserters, however, from other commands report that it returned about five or six days ago.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

