
and instructed to muster regiments promptly, so soon as presented to them. What is prospect as to the speedy organization of the force called for?

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to adjutants-general of New York and Massachusetts.)

HARRISBURG, PA., July 9, 1864.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have no regimental organizations as yet, but companies are being organized and will be formed into regiments for muster as rapidly as they report. An officer has gone to Philadelphia to co-operate with General Cadwaler in hastening organization as rapidly as possible. May authorizations to raise companies have been issued, but in this State the middle of the harvest season is not a favorable period to recruit men for a service requiring them to leave their homes. We hope for and will do the best.

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General.

WAYNESBOROUGH, July 9, 1864-3. 30 a. m.

Major SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Fletcher states that Early's and Breckinridge's commands crossed on the morning of the 7th. Nothing was said in my dispatch about Franklin County; it was Frederick County. I sen Fletcher's dispatch as he gave it to me. What I sent [in] regard to myself is true. Two more men have just returned from Wolfsville, on the South Mountain. They were in the enemy's camp at this point- Wolfsvile. The enemy crossed the mountain at Boonsborough. The enemy told them they were moving up their artillery and fortifying South Mountain near the old battle-field. The enemy's camp these men were in numbered about fifty infantry. There is a chain of pickets stretched across the mountain at that point. Cline is the name of the man that gives this information.

JNO. B. BURT,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GETTYSBURG, July 9, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

Several scouts just in; one was four miles of Frederick at noon to-day; reports heard firing in vicinity of Frederick, and dense smoke of buildings or forage burning. Frederick is in possession of the rebels. Saw citizens who left after the rebels entered, and they estimated the force of the enemy at from 30,000 to 40,000 men.

Rebel cavalry entered Creagerstown when he was there and pursued him for some distance. There were scouting parties of rebels at Woodsborough to-day stealing horses and robbing stores. They all appear to be moving southeast from the mountains. Scouts are

