
also at Monterey this evening, on the road between this and Hagerstown, sixteen miles from here; reported to be Imboden's men; came in Sabillasville road, forty in number.

DAVID WILLIS,

Chairman of Executive Committee.

HARRISBURG, July 9, 1864.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We are moving a very large amount of both Government and private freight on our road, and wish to continue to do so as long as we are safe from attack by the rebels. We are unable to get any information of their movements, either from State or military officers. I will be very much obliged if you will keep me advised of their whereabouts, so that we may be able to prevent any property falling into their possession should they cut the road.

J. D. CAMERON,

President.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 9, 1864-8. 55 p. m.

J. D. CAMERON, Esq., Harrisburg:

We experience the same difficulty you to do get reliable information, but perhaps in greater degree. Our last intelligence from Mr. Garrett, at Baltimore, who reports that General Wallace was defeated to-day at Monocacy, and that this force is now retreating toward Baltimore pursued by the enemy. We have no report from General Wallace. I will endeavor to keep you advised as long as there is communication, which may be interrupted any moment.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 9, 1864-12. 47 p. m.

Major-General CADWALADER,

Philadelphia, Pa.:

Organize a board to examine hospitals, and send immediately to General Augur, at Washington, all convalescents capable of defending the forts and rifle-pits. They will be given a temporary organization for that purpose, and are not to be required to march. All officers capable of such duty will be sent with them.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

JULY 9, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Philadelphia:

I am directed by General Morris to inform you that he has reliable information that an attempt will be made to-night to destroy a part of the railroad between Wilmington and Philadelphia, but at what particular point is not known.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

