
teenth Corps, 6,000 strong, is now to Washington, one steamer loaded with these troops having passed Fort Monroe to-day.

They will probably reach Washington to-morrow night. This force under Wright will be able to compete with the whole force with Ewell [Early]. Before more troops can be sent from here Hunter will be able to join Wright, in rear of the enemy, with at least 10,000 men, besides a force sufficient to hold Maryland Heights.

I think, on reflection, it would have a bade effect for me to leave here, and with General Ord at Baltimore, and Hunter and Wright with the forces following the enemy up, could do no good. I have great faith that the enemy will never be able to get back with much of his force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 10, 1864-12. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Dispatch * just received from General Wallace, who admits a serious defeat at Monocacy Junction to-day. He is in full retreat on Baltimore with, he says, his column demoralized. A part of Ricketts' division is covering his retreat. He estimates the enemy's force at 20,000.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 10, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have sent no troops to Baltimore except Ricketts' division, and the dismounted cavalry. Two divisions, the balance of the Sixth Corps, are now on their way to Washington, the advance having sailed at 10 a. m. The remainder are embarking and starting as fast as the steamers are loaded. I have sent General Ord to Washington. I would give more for him as a commander in the field than most of the generals now in Maryland. Probably it would be well to send him to Baltimore to command and hold the place, forcing into service for the purpose, if necessary, all citizens capable of bearing arms.

He should also have discretion to move out against the enemy. All other force, it looks to me, should be collected in rear of the enemy about Edwards Ferry and follow him up and cut off retreat if possible. All losses sustained by loyal citizens can be paid back to them by contributions collected from rebel sympathizers after the enemy is got rid of.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

* See of July 9, received 11. 40 p. m., p. 145.

---------------

