
JULY 10, 1864-12 midnight.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: No movements have been reported by deserters; on the contrary, they all agree in stating Hill's Longstreet's, and Beauregard's forces to be in our front. A negro woman came in to-night who lives near the Weldon railroad, who says she heard the soldiers says that yesterday General Lee made it known he would grant a thirty-days' furlough to any soldier who would capture a Yankee soldier. I think this plausible, as he undoubtedly desires to know what detachments, if any, you are making. Last night the Sixth Corps when leaving made a great deal of noise, beating marches, blowing calls, and making bonfires of their camps; this attracted the attention of the enemy, and this morning at daylight they advanced on a portion of the Second Corps pickets, crying out "The Yankees are gone. " Our pickets received them with a brisk fire, driving them back, when all was quieted, and has remained so during the day. The reconnaissance you suggest can be made. I se no advantage in swinging round the left of the Second Corps, as I am satisfied it will only result in confronting the enemy in his works, but the corps, with the cavalry, can be send on the Weldon road, which will, I have no doubt, develop a force of the enemy, and perhaps bring some out of the Petersburg lines; it will take to-morrow, however, to get the cavalry up here. There have been several deserters in to-day, some coming in as late as 10 a. m., up to which time there had been no changes in Hill's or Longstreet's corps; they know nothing of Beauford's corps. Unless otherwise directed, I shall send the Second Corps to the Weldon road as soon as I can get a brigade of cavalry up here to go with it. I have just learned that two men from the Forty-eight Mississippi, Mahone's division, Hill's corps, have been captured by our men, they having come into the trenches to exchange papers. These men say they have heard nothing of any recent movement of any part of their army, and that Hill and Longstreet are now in our front. I have a scout out who expects to get into Petersburg, but I do not look for his return before to-morrow night.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 10, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 12 just received. It would seem to quiet all apprehension about Lee or any considerable portion of his force being gone, and, therefore, obviate the necessity of making any demonstration. Unless necessary, I would prefer being quiet until we make a real move, and will take what you report as being sufficient evidence of Lee and his forces being still in our front. There is great alarm felt in Washington. Wallace has been whipped at Monocacy bridge, and driven back in great confusion.

He had with him a part of Rickett's division. I have sent Ord up there to command Baltimore, and to press into service every ablebodied man to defend the place, and asked that Wright be sent with his two divisions and the one division of the Nineteenth Corps, a

