
CITY POINT, VA., July 3, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Sigel telegraphs that Early, Breckinridge, Jackson, and Mosby are reported to be moving down the Shenandoah Valley. Is it not certain that early has returned to your front?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JULY 3, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The only information I have as to Ewell's corps was derived from deserters, who said it had returned from Lynchburg. No prisoners have been taken from any of the divisions of that corps or any other information obtained than above. It was never reported as in our front, but only it had returned from Lynchburg.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 3, 1864-3.30 p. m. (Received 8 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There is pretty good evidence that Early is now here, and all of Ewell's corps with him, but Breckinridge has not yet rejoined Lee's army. If he is moving down the Valley, as Sigel reports, it is possible that he may have with him 10,000 men of all sorts. Not more.

C. A. DANA.

[JULY 3, 1864.-For Sigel to Adjutant-General, reporting action at Leetown, &c., see Part I, p. 175.]

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 3, 1864.

(Received 9.15 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Sigel telegraphs at 12.50 this a. m. that there are indications of the advance of the enemy down the Valley, and that his cavalry met ours at Winchester. He has ordered one hundred and fifty cars to be sent at once to remove this a. m. all Government stores from Martinsburg, and that all our rolling-stock in that region should be sent west. I apprehend the information recently sent you of heavy forces in the Valley is about to prove correct. I have advised General Sigel that if the road is to fall into the possession of the enemy and be destroyed, rolling-stock will be greatly as there is a very large equipment west, he should allow as much as practicable to be worked east. Can you not make such movements as will prevent the success of the enemy?

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

