
CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 10, 1864-1. 50 a. m.

(Received 2 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I am just receipt (1. 45 a. m.) of telegram from Marriottsville, stating that the two trains with troops have passed that point. These trains have, therefore, escaped capture, and are now proceeding to Baltimore. Having no response to my telegram of 11. 20 last p. m. at 12. 30 a. m. we forwarded to Ellicott's Mills three locomotives with ninety large cars, in accordance with General Wallace's request. We also sent upon the first train telegraph operators, with instruments, to open an office at Ellicott's Mills for the occasion. General Wallace on his arrival at that point will, therefore, be in telegraphic communication with your Department and with Baltimore.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 10, 1864 -8. 20 a. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

General Halleck was directed to give instructions in reply to your telegram of 11. 20 p. m. If he failed to do so your action was a proper precaution under any state of circumstances. If you have received anything later than your dispatch of 1. 50, which is the latest date received from you, please, inform me, and also state what troops were in the trains mentioned. I think it will turn out that Wallace's troops are in better condition than he supposed last night.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 10, 1864.

(Received 1. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The two trains of troops arrived in Baltimore at 5 this a. m. On these train were 200 wounded, who displaced a great number of men who joined General Wallace. The remainder were General Rickett's, who had not been in battle. I advised Colonel Lawrence, assistant adjutant-general, immediately of their arrival. General Kenly was placed in command, and this force distributed promptly for the defense of the city. Our trains have been at Ellicott's Mills since 2 a. m., awaiting the retreating column. At 11. 15 a. m. our agent there are telegraphs:

Troops arriving slowly. We propose to load them as they arrive, as there are no officers here in charge of troops. There is now firing going on in the rear in two different directions. Enemy pushing the rear slowly. Up to this hour (11. 15 a. m.) the first train is not loaded.

Some wounded who have reached in wagons and ambulances are being loaded there. I have no telegram from General Wallace, who has not yet arrived at Ellicott's Mills. Since my dispatch of 1. 50 this a. m. I received no telegram from General Halleck during the night.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

