
enemy to be seen in his front. " The major-general commanding suggest that the enemy may have moved to our right, Haskin's front, and that it would be well to examine.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. HARDIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., July 10, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Colonel J. M. WARNER, Commanding First Brigade;

The general commanding directs that you move without delay the companies which now occupy Batteries Cameron, Parrott, Kemble, and Vermont to the front line of your brigade and in the vicinity of Fort Simmons and Mansfield, and place them in such weak points in your line as you deem most advisable. A small squad or guard should be left with those batteries to take care of the property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, HARDIN'S DIV., 22nd ARMY CORPS,Fort Reno, July 10, 1864. (Received 9. 50 p. m.)

Captain CHANDLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Hardins' Division:

Captain Wells, Eight Illinois Cavalry, has just arrived with seventy man. Was detached from the army at Frederick. He awaits instructions here. Captain Wing, of same regiment, sent out yesterday with a detachment of fifty men from here, has returned; reports the enemy were held in check at Rockville one and one-half hours by a small portion of Major Fry's command. The engagement occurred about 3 p. m. He thinks the enemy in small force. Major Fry, with 400 of his command, is at our picket-station on the Rockville pike, about two miles to the front, and is nearly out of ammunition. We have none of that description-the Spencer or Henry cartridge. Major Fry has been falling back in confusion. Reports he is pursued by the enemy. Cavalry and artillery one and one-half miles in rear.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WARNER,

Colonel First Vermont Artillery, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 10, 1864.

Colonel J. M. WARNER,

Commanding Fort Reno, Tennallytown:

A regiment of the Ohio National Guard has been ordered to report to you. Send it with a guide to report to Major-General McCook, at the Reserve Camp, at the crossing of Piney Branch and Fourteenth street, near Crystal Spring.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

