HEADQUARTERS DEPOT CAMP,Cliffburne Barracks, D. C., July 10, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Military Department of Washington:

GENERAL: In reply to a verbal message, by orderly from your headquarters, stating that orders were forward here at 2 o'clock this a. m. for the forwarding of two companies of Tenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, I would respectfully state that no communications or orders have been received at these headquarters since 9 p. m. of yesterday. The commanders at A and C Companies, Tenth Regiment, have been ordered to prepare themselves to march on receipt of orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. FYFFE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

DETACH. OF CAVALRY OF 2nd DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,

Near Leesborough, Md., July 10, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this place at 9 p. m. this evening. Would respectfully state that it has been reported to me by a citizen who has just left Rockville that 5,000 of the enemy's cavalry came in and took possession of the town between the hours of 5 and 6 this afternoon. I have sent scouting parties toward Rockville and Brookesville and will report the particulars on their return. I have been informed by a citizen who left Brookesville at 5 p. m. this afternoon that there had been none of the enemy there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COE DURLAND,

Major Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cav., Commanding Detach.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., July 10, 1864.

Major CUTTING,

Fort Reno, Tennallytown:

The disappearance of the enemy from Fry's front is suspicious. Suggest to General Hardin that his right toward [Fort] Stevens and his left toward the river and Fort Sumner should be examined and watched. Suggest also that Fry be relieved by fresh troops from Lowell, they to be instructed to find out, if possible, where the enemy is.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON ROAD,

Two miles from Rockville, July 10, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General C. C. AUGUR:

GENERAL: I have taken position and formed. My rear guard is fighting the enemy near Rockville. I have been joined by a squad-

