
CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 3, 1864.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, and

Major-General HALLECK:

General Weber's chief of staff, H. M. Burleigh, telegraphs from Harper's Ferry at 12 o'clock, "the last news from Martinsburg was that the enemy, in a large force, supposed to be the same that fought with General Hunter, were two miles west of Martinsburg, and destroying track, &amp;c., and advancing on Martinsburg. There has been fighting since 5 o'clock. We have sent out a party to obtain information, which has not yet returned. We are preparing for an attack. I do not think the military have left Martinsburg. General Weber is now in front, attending to the movements of troops." Our wires were cut west of Martinsburg about 11 a. m., and a few minutes after we lost communication with Martinsburg. Our operators reported that the enemy came in at North Mountain, seven miles west of Martinsburg, in force about 10 o'clock this a. m., cutting off all communication by rail and telegraph from that point west. In addition to the cars ordered for Martinsburg, one hundred were ordered for Harper's Ferry, and we have just received orders for sixty more. We have asked whether this means evacuation. Your instructions may be necessary to insure firmness on this point. The operator from martinsburg had arrived at Sandy Hook, and reports that he left Martinsburg on last engine as the rebels were entering the town. He states that General Sigel and staff left about one hour before, retreating toward the river. I have seen General Wallace, who states he can give no aid to Harper's Ferry, but will at once send the regiment of Maryland 100-days' men to strengthen the line at Monocacy and vicinity. Cannot General Hunter's force be ordered from west to such points east of Cumberland as may be most judicious? Appearances at presence indicate a general abandonment of the road. We have through the night secured our trains, and up to this time we trust no rolling-stock has fallen into possession of the enemy.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 3, 1864-4.40 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

Your telegram received. Measures have been taken, as far as within my power, to meet the emergency. The great difficulty is to know the exact truth, and to avoid being misled by stampede and groundless clamor, or being surprised by real danger. If you have any source of truthful information you had better resort to it.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, July 3, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The information I communicated on June 29* was obtained by our officers from parties who had been connected with the movements of

---------------

*See Part I, p. 694.

---------------

2 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

