
General Hunter. Breckinridge, Imboden, and Early, in command of Ewell's corps, are reported as having passed through Winchester north. The refugees from Martinsburg report the aggregate rebel forces at 15,000 to 30,000. A battle is reported as having commenced at 5 this morning at Leetown, which had continued throughout the day, Colonel Mulligan commanding our forces. It is stated that about half of the Government stores at Martinsburg have been abandoned to the enemy, and that a wagon train was captured this morning on the Williamsport road, five miles north of Martinsburg. Up to the hour at which the wires were cut we had no advices of General Hunter's-now General Sullivan's-forces reaching any part of our line, and fear it must be some days before they can reach a position to be effective. I annex a copy of our latest dispatch from Harper's Ferry, namely:

We have as yet no communication with General Sigel. We are ready for a vigorous defense of this place, and shall destroy no public works, except as a last necessity, and will then consult your engineer as to the least damage that can be done. I can hold this point against cavalry, but not long against infantry, as I have but 400 for service as infantry. I will advise you of any danger threatening this point immediately.

By order of Brigadier-General Weber:

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The force of infantry at Harper's Ferry is entirely too small. I trust you can re-enforce General Weber promptly. I find General Wallace has no advices whatever from General Sigel, nor can we obtain any knowledge of his position or movements since 10.35 this morning. Whilst the figures given of the enemy's force are doubtless exaggerated, yet it is scarcely credible that General Sigel would abandon so important a post as Martinsburg, with some 6,000 men under his command in that vicinity, unless he had reliably ascertained that the enemy was in decidedly superior numbers.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

President.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 3, 1864.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

General Hunter has been under orders three days ago to move his force up to the threatened points. Sullivan's cavalry should have been up before now.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF KANAWHA, DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 1. Charleston, July 3, 1864.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 42, from headquarters Department of West Virginia, the undersigned hereby assumes command of all the troops in the Department of West Virginia west of the Alleghany mountains and south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Commanding officers of separate posts and detachments will

