
WILMINGTON, July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. B. LAWRENCE:

Have sent 100 veterans to guard the ferry at Harve de Grace.

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 10, 1864.

Major JUDD,

Post Commander, Wilmington, Del.:

You will be sustained in any reasonable action in raising volunteer troops. Immediate action is necessary. To-night the guards must be strengthened.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 10, 1864.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

An officer of General Hunter's command just arrived at Hagerstown reports General Hunter yesterday at Cherry Run. His advance is two miles from Hagerstown. Numbers not reported. I shall give the general every assistance in my power and co-operate with him.

I have no intimation that he wishes to be transported in cars from Hagerstown.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 10, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

An old scout of great shrewdness telegraphs from Hagerstown as follows:

General Tazewell, formerly adjutant-general to Stonewall Jackson, stated, probably when in Hagerstown, that A. P. Hill was crossing river at Edwards Ferry, intending to operate against Washington. Hill in chief command. Early's, Rodes', and Breckinridge's commands are with his corps, and have 100 pieces of artillery,

Two Irish refugees arrived, via Staunton; were told that Hill's forces were from Loundon Valley. It is reported that the enemy have all gone west of Harper's Ferry on both of the river. Refuges say only stragglers are in Shenandoah Valley, and they report the force as higher than has been estimated, to wit, 40,000. A Union officer (prisoner) escaped from Frederick yesterday, reports that it was Early's division that passed through Frederick yesterday, and Bradley Johnson on the road north. A large train of ambulance accompanied.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, July 10, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

The following dispatch has been received:

Main force at Middletown, about 12,000. A few still at Boonsborough.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

