
BALTIMORE, MD., July 10, 1864.

Major-General CADWALADER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Philadelphia:

Your telegram is received. The bridges named by you are those for which artillery is urgently required. It is only wanted between Wilmington and Baltimore.

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Morris:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE.
HEADQUARTERS,Philadelphia, Pa., July 10, 1864.

Commodore C. K. STRIBLING,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Philadelphia, Pa.:

COMMODORE: I have received your second letter of this date saying that you had ordered the howitzers to be got ready, and that you expected to have the men organized to man them with a company of marines to accompany the battery, ready to leave here to-morrow morning by 10 o'clock. The purpose desired is to protect the depot and ferry steam-boat of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad Company at Havre de Grace, and the railroad bridges over the Bush River, the Gunpowder River, and Back River, at each of which places it is desirable to leave at least one howitzer. The company of marines would be more useful at the Gunpowder bridge, as being more exposed to attack. There is at present one company at each of these bridges, and I am now sending another company to each, making two companies to each bridge.

It is very desirable to have your co-operation in this emergency, as the safety bridges is of the utmost importance in keeping open our communication with Baltimore and Washington, and for forwarding troops, &c., to these places. It is important that this force should have three days' rations with them, which will be furnished by you, unless you prefer its being done by my commissary of subsistence. Transportation over the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad will be paid by my quartermaster on the certificate of the officer in command of the detachment. The detachment will be subsisted during their tour of duty by requisition on the commissary of subsistence here, unless you should advise me of your preference for some other arrangement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Philadelphia, Pa., July 10, 1864.

Commodore C. K. STRIBLING,

Commanding U. S. Naval Station, Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: I have received information from General Morris, in, temporary command in Baltimore, that he has reliable information that an attempt will be made to destroy a part of the railroad between Baltimore and Wilmington. There was a battery of guns (howitzers, I think) furnished from the navy-yard in this city last year, with

