
a detachment from the Navy to serve, them for the defense of the bridges and ferry at Havre de Grace, that would afford us material assistance if you could furnish it now for that purpose. I can forward them at any moment they will be ready. They should, of course, be supplied with suitable ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NAVY-YARD, PHILADELPHIA, July 10, 1864.

Major General GEORGE CADWALADER,

Commanding, Philadelphia:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of this date. It is impossible for me to do anything to-day. I will, early to-morrow, have as many howitzers put in order as possible, but I cannot promise to have any men for them; the difficulty of last year admonishes me not to repeat the mistake I then made. I will try to have men prepared to man the guns ready for service if the danger should be imminent, or I receive orders to co-operate with you. I will have a company of marines ready for any service.

Respectfully, your obedience servant,

C. K. STRIBLING,

Commandant.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 10, 1864-1 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

An official report from Major-General Wallace, just received, states than a battle took place between the forces under his command and the rebel forces at Moncocacy to-day [9th], commencing at 9 a. m. and continuing until 5 p. m., that our forces were at length overpowered by the superior numbers, of the enemy, and were forced to retreat in disorder. He reports that Colonel Seward, of the [Ninth] New York Heavy Artillery, was wounded and taken prisoner, and that Brigadier-General Tyler was also taken prisoner; that the enemy's force is at least 20,000, and that our troops behaved well, but suffered severe loss. He is retreating to Baltimore.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 10, 1864-12. 30 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The troops raised in New York by General Sandford should be hurried forward to Baltimore with all possible dispatch.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

