
WASHINGTON, July 11, 1864-12 noon.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

General Wright has just arrived, and a part of his corps will soon be in. He will take position, until ready for the field, near Fort Sumner, on the Potomac, above Chain Bridge. We can give him transportation, but very little or no artillery. Please send up his batteries as nearly ready for the field as possible. Enemy close to our lines on Rockville road, skirmishing with our cavalry and pickets. His cavalry advance is pretty strong, with artillery and infantry behind; but how much not ascertained. Accounts from Wallace indicate that he was badly cut up. Militia ordered from New York to Baltimore delayed by the Governor for some reason not explained. Pennsylvania will do nothing to help us. The President has seen your telegram about putting Ord in Wallace's place at Baltimore, but has given me no orders on the subject.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, July 11, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 12th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General W. T. H. Brooks has tendered his resignation, which I approve. If General Ord is not already assigned to duty, I wish to have him assigned to the command of the Tenth Corps, and ordered to it as soon as he can be spared.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 11, 1864.

Major-General MEADE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

If Hill's corps has gone, we must find out where it has gone, and take advantage of its absence. If you cavalry does not succeed in ascertaining to-day where it has gone, I think it will be advisable to get up all the well-mounted men of one division of Sheridan's cavalry to-night, and push it out until definite information is obtained. If they have gone to Washington we will try to carry Petersburg before detaching further from this army. The best way to accomplish this will probably be by turning the enemy's right, with Hancock's and Warren's corps, and Sheridan's cavalry, with heavy columns from Burnside and Smith's corps, on the well-chosen point on the front of one or the other of these corps-probably about the Hare house.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

(Washington City, July 11, 1864-10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A body of about 150 rebel cavalry attacked Gunpowder bridge at about 4. 30 this a. m., drove off the guards at each end, which con-

