
From twenty-four to fifty miles of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad have been torn up. Governor Bradfords' house was burned this morning, and it is reported that the houses of old Mr. Blair and the Postmaster-General, near this city, were also burned to-day. No news from Hunter. The force of the enemy is everywhere stated at from 20,000 to 30,000. The idea of cutting off their retreat would seem to be futile, for there are plenty of fords and ferries now in their control where they can cross the Potomac and get off, in spite of all our efforts to intercept them, long before our forces can be concentrated as to be able to strike an effective blow.

C. A. DANA.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 234. Washington, July 11, 1864.

* * * *

24. Major George G. Hastings, First U. S. Sharpshooters, having volunteered his services as aide-de-camt to Major-General McCook,U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to that officer for temporary duty.

* * * *

43. By direction of the President, Major General George C. Thomas, commanding militia of the District of Columbia, will order out, for immediate service, eight regiments of the militia infantry of said District. They must be paraded as soon as practicable, and will be mustered into the United States service for sixty days, unless sooner discharged. The Ordnance Department will issue the necessary arms and equipments, and the Adjutant-General will designate officers to muster the militia into the service, according to existing orders. The troops thus called out will be under the command of Major General G. C. Thomas. This order will be executed with as little noise and display as possible. If companies of the uniformed volunteer cavalry and infantry of the District present themselves for muster into the United States service, in accordance with the provisions of this order, they will be accepted.

* * * *

45. Major Robert Williams, assistant adjutant-general U. S. Army, will report in person, without delay, to Major-General Augur, to organize cavalry.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 11, 1864.

General AUGUR:

Mount as many batteries as General Rucker can furnish horses for, so as to be ready for the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

