HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have nothing of importance to report. Scouting parties which have come in report all quiet outside, and small parties of rebels, supposed to be Mosby's men and stragglers, in the vicinity of Edwards Ferry. All measures possible will be taken to keep us well informed of any movements in the country, from here to the Potomac, toward Dranesville, and as far up as practicable; also in the direction of the gaps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel 16th New York Vol. Cav., Commanding Cav. Camp.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,July 11, 1864.

General AUGUR:

General Wright, with Sixth Corps, will go into camp between Chain Bridge and the line of defenses near the river. The men will not go into the works except in case of attack, when General Wright will take charge of the section from the Potomac to Rock Creek. His command will be prepared as rapidly as possible for the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 170. July 11, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. In accordance with instructions from headquarters of the army, Major General H. G. Wright will camp his troops on such ground as he may select between Chain Bridge and the line of defenses. The command will not be placed in the works excepting in case of attack, when General Wright will assume command of the line from the Potomac to Rock Creek.

3. The Sixth Corps will be prepared for the field with as little delay as practicable.

* * * * *

6. Major General Q. A. Gillmore, having reported at these headquarters of the army, Major General H. G. Wright will camp his troops on such ground as he may select between Chain Bridge and the line of defenses. The command will not be placed in the works excepting in case of attack, when General Wright will assume command of the line from the Potomac to Rock Creek.

3. The Sixth Corps will be prepared for the field with as little delay as practicable.

* * * * * *

6. Major General Q. A. Gillmore, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with instruction from headquarters of the army assigning him to the command of such portion of the Nineteenth Army Corps as shall arrive in this department, will proceed with his command to the vicinity of Fort Saratoga, and prepare it for the field.

7. The following-named batteries are hereby relieved from duty at their present stations, and will proceed at once to Camp Barry, D. C., and be reported to Major James A. Hall, commanding, to be

