
remounted and equipped for the field: Fifth New York Independent Battery, Captain E. D. Taft; Sixteenth Massachusetts Battery, Captain H. D. Scott; Battery C, Independent Pennsylvania Artillery, Captain J. Thompson; Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain W. W. Buckley; Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant R. King, jr. These batteries will be mounted and equipped as four-gun batteries, three batteries to be armed with light 12-pounders, and the remaining two with 3-inch ordnance guns. Major Hall will take the necessary steps to have these batteries mounted, equipped, and fitted for the field with the least possible delay, reporting to these headquarters their readiness for the field by battery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., July 11, 1864.

General C, C, AUGUR:

Major Whittier has just given me the within. Please write me instructions on the subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Please say to the general that I do not consider it advisable to make any advance until our lines are better established, perhaps to-morrow.

C. C. AUGUR

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Stevens, July 11, 1864-4. 10 p. m.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department:

The head of my column has nearly reached the front, and at the suggestion of Major-General McCook I have directed them to bivouac at Crystal Spring, about half a mile in rear. The enemy has been close to Fort Stevens, and, although driven back, is still not far distant. I believe it to be only a very light skirmish line, and with your permission will send a brigade out against it and try to clean it out. General McCook's men are not as good as mine for this purpose. It seems from what I learn from General McCook that the line from the Potomac to the Eastern Branch is under the command of Colonels Warner and Haskin, while the commands the whole. I therefore hold myself in reserve, subject to General McCook's orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

