HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,July 11, 1864.

General AUGUR:

Major-General Gillmore has been appointed temporary commander of such portions of the Nineteenth Corps as may arrive in this department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 228. Washington, July 11, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Major-General Gillmore is assigned to the temporary command of the part of the Nineteenth Corps in the Department of Washington.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 11, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Via Cumberland, Md.:

As soon as you form a junction with General Howe, leave forces enough to hold Maryland Heights, and move down the Potomac on whichever side you may deem best, so as to form a junction with General Wright at or near Edwards Ferry. It is important that this junction be formed as early as possible, unless the enemy should in the mean time attempt to retire above Harper's Ferry, in which case General Wright will move in that direction. The object will be to get a heavy force in the enemy's rear, so as to intercept his retreat. The details will, of course, be varied according to circumstances.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 45. Cumberland, Md., July 11, 1864.

I. Surg. D. Bagley, First Virginia Volunteer Infantry, chief surgeon Second Brigade, First Infantry Division, having made an unwarranted report calculated to breed causeless alarm and intended to strike a whole brigade, without discrimination and without adequate cause, out of the service of the United States for a period of several weeks or longer, at a time when the command is directly in the presence of the enemy, and Surg. James M. Leete, U. S. Volunteers, medical director First Infantry Division, having without sufficient inquiry or knowledge of the facts indorsed the report of Surgeon Bagley and made recommendations in his indorsement prejudicial to the necessities of the service, Surg. D. Bagley, chief

