
surgeon Second Brigade, First Infantry Division and Surg. James M. Leete, U. S. Volunteers, medical director First Infantry Division, are hereby reprimanded for such report and indorsement, manifestly tending to create needless apprehensions and to encourage discontent among the men of the brigade and division to which they are respectively attached.

II. The major-general commanding cannot but express surprise that so gallant and patriotic an officer as Colonel Thoburn, commanding Second Brigade, First Infantry Division, should have allowed himself to be betrayed into the indiscretion of forwarding to division headquarters a report of such character as that made by Surgeon Bagley with an indorsement of partial approval.

By command of Major-General Hunter.

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CAV. DIV., DEPT. W. VA., Numbers 6. Parkersburg, W. Va., July 11, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced as composing the staff of the general commanding the division: Captain Alex. H. Ricker, Second Virginia, division inspector; Captain E. W. Clark, jr., assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Benjamin J. Ricker, jr., Thirty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant William B. Laishe, Twenty-first New York Cavalry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant C. A. Leonard, First Rhode Island Cavalry, division quartermaster; Lieutenant Robert E. Hedden, Sixth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, division commissary of subsistence; Captain C. W. Boyd, Thirty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, division ordnance officer; Captain S. J. Steves, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, provost-marshal; and Surg. J. H. Ayers, Thirty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, acting medical director.

By command of Brigadier-General Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, July 11, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY:

It is rumored at Hagerstown that John Morgan is following Hunter's movements. Do you know anything positive about it?

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

NEW CREEK, July 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

A man just came in of the First Virginia Cavalry, who was captured by the rebels at Martinsburg and made his escape from them near Woodstock, in Shenandoah County. He states that he passed near Romney yesterday morning and saw about thirty rebels in that town, and that they are driving off horses and cattle from the adjoining country.

J. F. HOY,

Colonel.

