
CUMBERLAND, July 11, 1864-12 m.

J. B. FORD, Esq.,

Wheeling:

Nothing from Sullivan this a. m. ; presume he is moving his whole division on Martinsburg to-day. Please keep us advised of everything from Baltimore and Washington.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, July 11, 1864.

(Received 1. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Wallace states that General Ricketts is now in command at Ellicott's Mills, and that his forces are under proper discipline and control. The cavalry of the enemy are reported, however, within a few miles of his position. General Wallace does not believe they are in large force there. The dwelling of Governor Bradford, on Charles-street avenue, four miles from the city, was burned this morning at 9 o'clock by a small rebel force, they stating that they acted under orders of General Lee, to retaliate the burning of Governor Letcher's house. Our pickets on Charles-street avenue have been taken prisoners by rebel cavalry at Camp Bradford, immediately upon the borders of the city. A number of mills and a large amount of railway property on the Northern Central road are also reported to have been burned this morning. General Wallace has no information of any considerable force near the city, but I cannot learn that the road is picketed but for a few miles. There are rumors of considerable forces within ten to fifteen miles northward of the city. General Wallace states that his difficulties arise from a want of cavalry. He urges that you send some dismounted cavalry from Washington, as he can finds ineffective. Our telegraphic communications extended to Marriottsville, twenty-seven miles from Baltimore, early this morning, but the operator, after stating that the Confederates were approaching, about 10 o'clock left that office, since which we have no reliable advices west of Ellicott's Mills. As the vicinity of the enemy on the northern limits of the city is known much anxiety prevails for additional forces, the military organization being extremely limited. The operator at President-street Station, Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad Company, reports that their telegraph line has been cut since 9. 50 a. m., and that it is reported their train due in Baltimore at 1. 05 o'clock has been captured, and that the bridge over the Gunpowder has been burned. You have, no doubt, instructed General Augur to maintain such forces on the Washington Branch as the present circumstances demand for its protection. Our dispatch from Parkersburg of the 10th, just received, states that 600 infantry and 450 cavalry were shipped from that point yesterday, and that they would forward the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania regiment during the night.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

