
BALTIMORE, July 3, 1864.

(Received 3.15 p. m.)

General MAX WEBER:

I have telegraphed Secretary of War and General Halleck fully, and I hope Harper's Ferry will be vigorously re-enforced. I trust you can hold your position reliably and protect all property, especially the bridge. If it becomes necessary to take any precautions regarding the bridge do not fail to see our supervisor of bridges, Mr. Haskett, now on duty at Harper's Ferry, who has been fully advised by our engineer how to accomplish your wishes with the least permanent damage to this costly and difficult structure. If this course is pursued, in case of the probable early necessity of restoration, this important work can be much more speedily accomplished. Advise us as promptly as possible of your situation, so that with the facts you furnish we may do all that is possible to have you strengthened.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 3, 1864-4.25 p. m.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

The general commanding has just seen a telegram to F. W. Haskett from W. C. Quincy, and desires me to say that at the worst the iron-work of your bridge will not be destroyed. The trestle-work at the most will be sufficient, and that will not go unless a heavy force of infantry and cavalry attack us.

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, July 3, 1864.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH:

May I ask you whether the fight at Leetown is maintained by our local force stationed there, or whether our force at Bunker Hill fell back to Leetown and strengthened them? From our best advices Martinsburg has been entirely evacuated by our forces, through no fighting is reported there.

W. P. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 3, 1864-4.50 p. m.

W. P. SMITH,

Master of Transportation, Baltimore and Ohio R. R.:

We have received official notice that from daylight to 11 o'clock a. m. severe fighting was going on near Martinsburg. Your property was all saved. We have had no advice from General Sigel since morning, and am waiting for courier. The moment anything news transpires you will be informed. I wish we could have a re-enforcement of infantry.

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

