
General Wright over General Augur, who commands the defenses, but will place him in command of such of his troops and commanders as may be sent outside. The Sixth Corps has all reached Washington and Baltimore, and two divisions of the Nineteenth Corps must reach there during to-morrow, besides the dismounted corps sent from here. This, with Hunter's force, must be sufficient to guard all our fortifications and leave an abundant force to go outside. To this time re-enforcements have been sent from here as fast as transportation could be provided, and then hospital steamers have been used at that. Longstreet's corps is here, deserters being received from it within the last day. General Ord should move out from Baltimore cautiously the moment it becomes evident the enemy has left his front, or so weakened it as to enable him to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No attack either on this city or Baltimore. General McCook has been firing artillery all night from Forts Reno and Massachusetts, which remain within his command, General Wright having relieved him at Fort Stevens. He telegraphs this morning that he is about to drive the rebel skirmishers away from his front, after which the artillery will cease. Nothing can possibly be done here toward pursuing or cutting off the enemy for want of a commander. General Augur commands the defenses of Washington, with McCook and lot of brigadier-generals under him, but he is not allowed to go outside. Wright commands his own corps. General Gillmore has been assigned to the temporary command of those troops of the Nineteenth Corps in the city of Washington. General Ord to command the Eighth Corps and all other troops in the Middle Department, leaving Wallace to command the city alone. But there is no head to the whole, and it seems indispensable that you should at once appoint one. Hunter will be the ranking officer if he ever gets up, but he will not do. Indeed, the Secretary of War directs me to tell you in his judgment Hunter ought instantly to be relieved, having proven himself far more incompetent than even Sigel. He also directs me to say that advice or suggestions from you will not be sufficient. General Halleck will not give orders except as he receives them; the President will give none, and until you direct positively and explicitly what is to be done, everything will go on in the deplorable and fatal way in which it has gone on for the past week.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1864-12 m.

(Received 13th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

We have reports from many quarters that Longstreet's corps is coming down the Valley. The secessionists here and in Baltimore have told it confidentially to their friends for several days past. It

