
has been reported that the corps was at Gordonsville on its way north on the 4th instant. An officer of Early's, wounded and captured by General Wallace on Sunday, who has since died, positively affirmed that they were on their way. General Couch reports this morning that his scouts in the Valley state that they are rapidly advancing. It is possible that the inactivity of the rebels in this vicinity is because they are waiting for re-enforcements. Three more transports with troops have arrived here this morning. I think they were all from City Point, but have sent to ascertain.

C. A. DANA.

FORT LINCOLN, July 12, 1864-3. 15 p. m.

(Received 3. 20 p. m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

A force of rebel cavalry has within the last few hours been engaged with about 300 of our cavalry, at the Baltimore pike where it crosses Paint Creek, about three miles beyond Bladensburg. The rebel force was accompanied by light artillery, which up to the time my informant left had fired about fifteen shots. My informant is one of our cavalry, just in, who was wounded in the skirmish. Our 300 cavalry were yielding their ground slowly. I should say it was an attempt to interrupt the railroad by a cavalry force. The skirmish is about two miles west of railroad. The line of rifle-pits from this fort westward is entirely unmanned. There is not a soldier on the line as far as I can see it, and but two companies of 100-days' men and a few convalescents in this fort. The pike is really open to a cavalry dash. I think troops should come to this part of the line is now seriously threatened. I have not seen General Gillmore. Perhaps he has made disposition. The line now is certainly weak in the extreme. I will go from here to Fort Saratoga, and try to see General Gillmore; but I suggest action from headquarters to strengthen this line at once. The convalescents here are not armed. Muskets and ammunition should be sent at once.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

July 12, 1864.

Commodore J. B. MONTGOMERY,

Commandant of Navy-Yard, Washington, D. C.:

All work except that essential to the preparation of vessels and material of war will be suspended to enable the men to arm themselves for the defense of the Yard and manning the trenches. All that can be spared will go to the trenches near Fort Lincoln, reserving only a small number to defend the Yard from attack. Rear-Admiral Goldsborough will command the men who go to the trenches and will be at the Yard this a. m., whilst the force for the defense of the Yard will be under your command. Lieutenant-Commander Jeffers is ordered to report to you for this emergency, and the workmen of the ordnance department will stand upon the same footing as those in the Yard.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

