
are on picket, but they are the only regiments I have which can at this time be detailed. The balance of these regiments will be ordered to report to you as soon as they can be relieved.

By order of Brigadier General M. C. Meigs:

WM. PAINTER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Stevens, July 12, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to suggest that a sufficient detachment be sent from the force under command of Colonel Price to relieve the Veteran Reserve Corps now in the rifle-pits between Forts Stevens and Slocum. You will, however, make such disposition of your force as may, in your own judgment, seem most advisable, reporting your action to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MEIGS' DIVISION,Near Fort Slocum, July 12, 1864.

Major AUCHMUTY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that an officer sent out to ascertain the cause of a collection of persons outside of my picket-lines reports that the infantry and cavalry pickets are passing citizens without papers because they live near the lines, and that small bodies of citizens are moving about outside the pickets, claiming to be searching places of refuge, alarmed by the movements of our own and rebel scouting parties. This officer directed the pickets he spoke with to pass such persons into the lines, but let none go out. He last year, seeking pasturage for horses and mules for the Washington depot, explored the adjoining country thoroughly, and he is of the opinion that a large proportion of the men only want opportunity and persuasion to take up arms against the United States. The loose conduct he attributes principally to a want of thorough instruction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Fort Slocum, July 12, 1864-2. 15 p. m.

Major AUCHMUTY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Darling reports that 500 cavalry, under Major Fry, was attacked four miles beyond Bladensburg, toward Baltimore, by the enemy in force, with artillery. He is falling back toward Bladens-

