
FORT RENO, July 12, 1864-6. 45 a. m.

Major-General AUGUR:

The following has just been received:

Colonel C. R. LOWELL:

The rebels are in the same place they were yesterday. They fire at us every now and then. They have not fired the gun this morning. The picket-line of infantry on our right has fallen back about half a mile.

C. CROWNINSHIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Massachusetts, Commanding Cavalry Picket.

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

JULY 12, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

Colonel C. R. LOWELL,

Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: Your orderly tells me to hold what I have until 3 o'clock and then if I am not relieved to fall back toward the forts. In order to support you I advanced my line about one-half mile. Had 5 or 6 men killed and wounded thus far. I should like to know how far I am to fall back if I am not relieved.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CROWNINSHIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

JULY 12, 1864-7 p. m.

General HARDIN:

This afternoon I drove the rebels back about one mile from my line. I have sent a party out to find out which way they have gone and how far. I will report as your order every half hour and oftener if I hear or see anything. The firing which I hear now is to my right and rear. I do not think I could advance much farther without running the risk of being cut off from the right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CROWNINSHIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

FORT RENO, July 12, 1864-9. 55 a. m.

General HARDIN:

A messenger from Major Fry reports the enemy's cavalry is trying to turn our right. The reports is confirmed by the cavalry picket on the Brookeville road. Having been driven is as far as the infantry pickets, I have just strengthened this picket. I am also strengthening the infantry picket along the center. Captain Waterbury reports that Major Fry has sent out a small detachment a mile and a half on the Rockville road, which met the enemy and fell back.

J. M. WARNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

