
FORT MONROE, VA.,

July 12, 1864-4. 35 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have reached here with the advance of the two divisions of the Nineteenth Army Corps, and received orders to go to Washington, and shall start to-night. It will be one week before the rear of the column gets here. Colonel Shaffer will continue to report the ships with the number of troops as they arrive.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., July 12, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m. 13th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have reached here with the advance of my command, two divisions of the Nineteenth Army Corps, and in pursuance of orders received here will start for Washington to-night. The rear of the command will get here in about one week.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Stoneman, D. C., July 12, 1864-2 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Augur's communication directing scouting to be done in the direction of Bladensburg in front of Forts Mahan and Meigs and report information to Colonel Oberteuffer at Fort Baker. Nearly 800 men were mounted yesterday here, and sent to report to commanding officer at Camp Reserve as previously directed. I have a few mounted men left, and they will be at once sent as directed under an officer, and I will get more horses from the corral and mount all I can for the same purpose. At 8 o'clock yesterday p. m. I sent twenty-four men mounted, in charge of two non-commissioned officers, to scout three miles outside of this camp from the Potomac to Eastern Branch, with orders for three men to guard the upper Eastern Branch bridge, arrest all suspicious persons prowling about, and collect information.

Very respectfully,

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

PORT TOBACCO, July 12, 1864-4 a. m.

[Captain L. L. BARNEY:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report everything all quiet in this vicinity.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. RUSSELL,

Captain, Company F, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

