HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CAMP,Near Falls Church, Va., July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: In view of present emergencies I have abandoned the design of Colonel Lowell of leaving two companies at Annandale, and also at Cross' farm (intermediate between this point and Annandale). There is a dismounted company at Lewinsville in a stockade. At present I picket to that point and one mile beyond. I propose to call in the men at Lewinsville, and patrol the country north to that point and beyond in the same manner as I have now adopted south of this place to Annandale. There are in the two regiments now here a large number of men (about one company) who are almost without arms: recruits and men who have lost their arms by disaster, &amp;c. They are and will be of little use here. Should you approve it I will send them in the exception of one wagon to a regiment, to a point inside the Alexandria pickets, and with the whole force remaining to remain on this line of farther out. I have sent 200 men to the front (in the direction of the gaps) and toward the fords of the Potomac in three different parties-two of 50, and one of 100.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel 16th New York Vol. Cav., Commanding Cavalry Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 12, 1864.

Colonel H. M. LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Your dispatch is received. The major-general commanding approved your dispositions, but wishes you to keep the vicinity of Annandale well watched by frequent scouts.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

You will move your infantry division immediately on Harper's Ferry, leaving at Martinsburg a sufficient force of General Crook's division to hold it. Communicate with General Wright, who is at Edwards Ferry with his corps. If you are satisfied that the mass of the enemy's force is retreating by way of Edwards Ferry, you will leave a sufficient garrison to hold Maryland Heights and move with all your other troops, including General Howe's command, toward Edwards Ferry and report to General Wright.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

