
order. York railroad cut. I have no reliable cavalry, and the rebels under Gilmor and Bradley Johnson have raided, in the last few days, to within five miles of this city; the citizens temporarily armed. I cannot sent out as they stampede. I want two or three field batteries or siege howitzers, and ammunition for them; have but few guns mounted; have, in conjunction with the Governor, called for 10,000 militia to complete and man works. General Ricketts' division reduced to 2,488, aggregate. Averell's cavalry, 4,000, reported to have been in Frederick on the 10th.

E. O. C. ORD.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 12, 1864-8. 30 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I found, on arriving last evening, that General Wallace had drawn his force all into town, except a guard at the Relay House, and roads patrolled a few miles out. Small parties of rebel raiders were reported near and north of town late last night. The mounted citizens and new troops much excited, with occasional stampedes. City quieter this morning. Rebel force of 4,000 reported to have come from Liberty, via Westminster, to Towsontown, and turned back toward Liberty yesterday p. m. Not stated if this force was cavalry or infantry, but supposed to be cavalry. Not stated what direction they finally took. No large force of rebel infantry reported nearer than Liberty.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 12, 1864-10 p. m.

(Via Cherrystone and Fort Monroe. Received 9 a. m. 13th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Party arrived here from Frederick City to-day states that Cole's cavalry, 600 strong, drove the rebels out of Frederick on the 10th. The Washington railroad is reported torn up to-day at noon between Laurel and Beltsville. Guard at former place reported falling back, pursued by force of rebels, on the Washington railroad, reported composed of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. Reports not vouched for, as the whole country is panic-stricken. My force is composed of General Ricketts' division, aggregate 2,488 present, and between 2,000 and 3,000 100-days' men and armed citizens, 200 sailors, and 500 Africans. Governor, by my request, has called for 10,000 militia. I will use them to build and man works. Railroad bridge at Gunpowder slightly damaged. Will be repaired, and road to Philadelphia in two or three days. Can telegraph to Martinsburg via Pittsburg, and to General Grant. Rebel cavalry have raided to within five miles of this city. My cavalry, 100, and citizens mounted, not sufficiently reliable to meet them. Have party out now in pursuit of raiders, who are reported all over the country in force of from 5,000 to 7,000. Think there are some small parties still moving west from this vicinity.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

