HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 12, 1864.

General ORD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to give you a synopsis of the latest information, as follows: Two thousand enemy's cavalry reported near Reisterstown road. Gilmor joined, and all went toward Randallstown, the whole force there being estimated at 3,000 strong, mostly mounted infantry, and are reported as moving toward Ellicott's Mills at 7 this a. m. At Pikesville 150 men are reported as being under Gilmor, and at Randallstown more troops are reported as arriving. Numbers not known. This information is brought by Mr. Gambrill, resident of Reisterstown, who saw and conversed with some of the men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -Further information states that the force above spoken of are moving from Randallstown toward Ellicott's Mills.

Respectfully,

S. B. L.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 12, 1864.

Commodore THOMAS A. DORNIN,

Commanding Naval Station, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: Major General E. O. C. Ord wishes to acknowledge the great service of the Navy Department to the Government in forwarding the men, of which you notified him, from New York for the defense of this city. He thinks that their services can be best employed in the defense of Fort McHenry, and wishes me to ask you to send them to report, under an efficient officer, to General Morris, commanding, at that fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. SEWARD.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVAL STATION,

Baltimore, July 12, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from Major S. S. Seward, requesting me to send, with an efficient officer, the men belonging to the navy to Fort McHenry, and in reply have to state that I have not a single officer to send with these men. They are accustomed to handle heavy guns, and I think will get along by detailing from among them persons competent to act as sergeants and corporals. I will send them over after dinner in a tug, to report to General Morris, and will send their hammocks and bags when they reach us. Be pleased to let me know if this arrangement will suit you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. DORNIN,

Commodore, Commanding Naval Station.

