HDQRS. THIRD SEPARATE Brigadier, 8TH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there are at present under my immediate command the following effective forces, viz:

 Commissioned	 Enlisted men.

 officers.

10th Regiment U. S. Veteran	 10	 309

Reserve Corps.

Company A, 149th Regiment Ohio	 3	 89

National Guard.

Company A, 159th Regiment Ohio	 3	 70

National Guard.

Company D, 159th Regiment Ohio	 3	 60

National Guard.

Company H, 159th Regiment Ohio	 3	 63

National Guard.

89th Company U. S. Veteran	 1	 27

Reserve Corps.

Company C, 1st Eastern Shore	 1	 38

Maryland Infantry.

Company I, 1st Eastern Shore	 3	 39

Maryland Infantry.

Company H, 3rd Pennsylvania	 5	 109

Artillery.

Company A, 1st Maryland Heavy	 . . . 	 54

Artillery.

 32	 858

Company D, One hundred and fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio National Guard, and Companies C and I, First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, reported to me this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DEFENSES OF BALTIMORE,Baltimore, Md., July 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Commanding Left Division, Defenses of Baltimore:

GENERAL: I have just seen General Ord, who agrees with me that the long line from Fort Marshall to the Washington railroad is too much for one man to look after. He therefore regards my command as extending only to the Falls road, and that all the defenses beyond to A, inclusive, belong to you; that you command independent of me. He so regards it, and I desire of you to look out for that part without reference to me. I have just sent some guns into the forts and am mounting. General Ord expects them to be got up and ready without delay, to-night if possible. An expedition has gone up the Reisterstown road. General Ords wishes the guns on that road covered by an earth-work. I wish to confer with you respecting the exchange of troops, so that the different commands will not be divided unnecessarily. Will try and see you should you not be in town.

Respectfully,

H. H. LOCKWOOD.

