
CITY SURVEYOR'S OFFICE,

Baltimore, July 12, 1864.

General J. R. KENLY,

Headquarters:

DEAR SIR: Having, under Lieutenant Meigs, built forts Numbers 3, at Kirby's mansion, Kirby's lane; Numbers 4, at junction of Gilmor street and Windsor Mill or Liberty road; Numbers 4 1/2 at head of Gilmor street, I examined into their condition this morning, including Numbers 5, near to the entrance of Druid Hill Park. the embankments are all in a fair state for defense, but rough in many places from washing; the ditches are not as deep, as at first, by two or three feet at various points. These repairs could be effected in twelve hours; Numbers 3 requires a plank for one of the gun platforms and a few 5-inch spikes to draw down the flooring, which is very much warped in some instances, perhaps sufficient to tear up the flooring ont he recoil of the gun. All the other platforms are in proper condition-of Nos. 3, 4, 4 1/2, and 5. The doors of Numbers 4 1/2 are off, one lying inside the fort; the other in the ditch. Hinges are needed for rehanging them. If I can be of any service, as an engineer, by superintending, &amp;c., I am at the service of the Government. I will be at Numbers 4 until 12 to-morrow; after that hour, an order left at the City Hall will reach me. The numbers on 3, 4, and 4 1/2 will be put up as your ordered to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

GILBERT H. BRYSON,

Civil Engineer, City Surveyor.

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1864-12. 15 p. m.

Major-General ORD:

You can assign Lieutenant-Colonel French to the command of forces at havre de Grace. He is now at Wilmington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS OF MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FRENCH,

Wilmington:

By direction of Major-General Halleck you will proceed without delay to Havre de Grace and assume command of troops and station.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

HAVRE DE GRACE, July 12, 1864.

Major General LEW. WALLACE:

Telegraph lines all right. Colonel Wagner is loading about 300 colored troops on schooner, to be taken by tugs; other troops from Philadelphia expected. Schooners and tugs needed to take them to

