
with a man at Lapidum, five miles from here on the canal, west, who said that fifty rebel cavalry were at Churchville about 5 p. m. to-day. Churchville is seven miles from Lapidum and south of it.

W. M. ESTE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., July 12, 1864.)

(Received 10. 15 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I left General Couch a moment since. Shall summary measures be adopted by him to get even, and to what extent? the apathy in public mind is fearful. Give us an intimation of what you desire to securing and forwarding men and supplies. All that is possible will then be done. I will wait in office.

THOS. A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 12, 1864-11 a. m.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Philadelphia:

Your telegram of last night was received, and also this morning's telegram,, and I thank your for your kind offer. At present our supplies are not deficient. Troops are the chief necessities of the occasion, but it odes not seem likely that men got by summary measures would be of any service; they could not be relied upon. If supplies run short prompt notice will be given. The enemy have not made any assault on the forts, but are believed to be massing against Fort Stevens. Skirmishing at other points is also going on. There appears to be no doubt that the main force of the enemy is now around Washington, under Early and Breckinridge.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., July 12, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Scouts from the Valley of Virginia say that Longstreet's corps is moving north, and would probably cross at Edwards and Noland's Ferries yesterday. Anything we can do? Give orders.

THOS. A. SCOTT.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., July 12, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

(Via Cherrystone and Point Lookout, Md. Received 11. 45 a. m., 13th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Colonel Scott has just read to me your dispatch of 11. 12 a. m. If you intimate to the Governor or me that 50,000 men are needed at once

