
to meet the emergency-that is, if necessities exist for calling ut that number to march for the defense of the capital-every work-shop excepting those working for the Government shall be closed, and I believe the men can be obtained.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 12, 1864-11. 40 a. m.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Philadelphia:

Can you get some of your Christian Commission to work their way around to Monocacy, and took after the wounded in Saturday's battle? Please see Mr. Stuart. We have no communication, nor means of seeing that the wounded are relieved and the dead buried. It may have been done by the forces at Harper's Ferry, but I am anxious to know that it has been done. The Christian Commission can do it without peril to themselves.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PHILADELPHIA, July 12, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERAL,

Baltimore, Md.:

Rebel cavalry are at Monkton, twenty-three miles north of Baltimore. Inland telegraph wires cut this morning near conowingo, northwest from Havre de Grace. I was informed last night that 3. 500 men would go through Philadelphia. you probably know all about it. Am desirous of aiding you to the extent of my ability in guarding these bridges.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

GETTYSBURG, July 12, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

J. H. Baker, of Sigel's secret service, just in; left Frederick at 3 a. m. ; reports Hunter's advance raised siege of Harper's Ferry on Friday and Saturday. General Mulligan advanced 200 infantry to Jefferson, and Colonel Blakely 2,500 cavalry. Mulligan moved to right toward river between Point of Rocks and Berlin. Colonel Blakely's cavalry dashed into and occupied Frederick Sunday 9 a. m., and drove out Imboden's and Mosby's cavalry and attacked and followed Early's infantry and trains to Greenville toward Berlin. Hunter had advanced to Shepherdstown, and a force is moving from the east, so the rebel force is entirely hemmed in. Bradley Johnson's mounted force which struck the railroad is cut off from the rest of the rebel force. Provost Thompson has sent 100 stragglers to Hanover on foot. He has no rations for his own men. Can he arrange with hotel to board them at 50 cents per day? Cannot at less.

D. MCCONAUGHY.

