
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Harrisburg, Pa., July 12, 1864.

Colored troops will be accepted by companies, under the late calls of the Governor of Pennsylvania for 100-days' men, and will be organized into regiments when a sufficient number are brought together.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, July 12, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The moment I heard yesterday that the railroad was threatened I held every steamer in readiness to transport troops and supplies to Washington. I have detained the Merimac, which was to have sailed this morning for New Orleans. The Empire City will also be sent to Washington when the troops are ready to move.

S. VAN VLIET,

Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, VA., July 13, 1864-12 m.

(Received 12. 15 a. m. 14th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Summary of evidence gathered from deserters, scouts, and cavalry reconnaissance by Gregg on our left show that none of Hill's or Longstreet's corps have left our front. Two brigades (Lane's and McGosan's) of Wilcox's division, Hill's corps, are on north side of James, in Foster's front; two brigades (Thomas' and Scales'), same division, same corps, are between Walthall and Appomattox; Pickett's division in Butler's immediate front, and deserters say Davis' brigade, of Heth's division, Hill's corps, is in reserve in rear of Pickett. Gregg ascertained by reconnaissance that Fitz. Lee's division and Bowers' [?] brigade cavalry are at Reams' Station intrenched, and, the citizens say, some infantry, through he found no infantry. Mahone's division, Longstreet's corps, is in front of the Fifth Corps. Evidence of this seems positive. Deserters from Mahone's division (Florida regiments) say that Heth's division has returned to his old position in reserve. Its movement seems to have been made down the railroad, fearing Wright was moving in that direction, but finding he was not it has returned. Progress of work good as could be expected under such hot sun.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

There was some skirmishing in front of the works last evening by the Sixth Corps, in which our loss is reported about 300. A few

17 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

