
men in the trenches were picked off by rebel sharpshooters. the enemy fell back during the night on the Rockville road, and General Wright moves out to-day on River road toward Edwards Ferry. He numbers only about 10,000 effective, and the Nineteenth Corps only 650. General Emory, with 1,300 men, is just arriving, and another vessel, aground down the river, has 1,100. It is believed that the enemy will make for Edwards Ferry, and Wright is directed on that point. He may be able to attack their rear, but is too weak to fight their main body. It is possible that this retreat has resulted from Hunter's approach, but we hear nothing of him. It is to be regretted that the Nineteenth Corps arrives too late to assist the Sixth. From the most reliable estimates we can get of the enemy's force, it numbers from 23,000 to 25,000, exclusive of cavalry. They state that a part of Hill's corps is coming to re-enforce them, and that without them they would have captured Washington if the Sixth Corps had not arrived.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 13, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram of 12 m. yesterday is just received. General Wright has already been assigned to the command of the troops to go to the field. I have telegraphed to General Ord as you directed. He reports Rickett's division to be reduced to an aggregate of 2,488. The only other force he has is 500 colored, 200 sailors, 3,000 militia, and a body of armed citizens. The remains of Ricketts' division are the only fordes that can take the field. I telegraphed you this morning the number of available troops here for the field, and also the most reliable estimate of enemy's strength. Nothing whatever about Hunter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, July 13, 1864.

General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point:

From passengers from Baltimore I gather the following: Hunter is at Martinsburg. We hold Hagerstown. The force of enemy operating around Baltimore is principally cavalry, said to be about 8,000. There is said to be 15,000 rebels at Silver Spring, within seven miles of Washington. I can't learn that the rebels have shown any disposition to attack our works, either at Baltimore or at Washington. I would say that there is no earthly danger of the rebels getting into either city, but they will do much damage around them, and get large supplies, but in won't hurt any to stir the natives up in that neighborhood. The Baltimore paper puts the entire rebel force at 45,000, and says that Longstreet is at Gordonsville advancing with another column. Telegraphic communication between Washington and Baltimore cut. I can't see anything like reasonable

