
ground for believing that Longstreet is at Gordonvsille, or that the enemy are so numerous as estimated above. I will let you know should I get any further information.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, July 13, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

(Received 1 a. m. 14th.)

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Deserters are coming in daily, giving the position of every division of the rebel army. Some are in to-day from Longstreet's corps, giving the position of two of his divisions, and the third we know to be in front of Butler, who had probably received fifty deserters from it in the last week. Boldness is all that is wanted to drive the enemy out of Maryland in confusion. I hope and believe Wright is the man to assure that. The advance of two divisions of the Nineteenth Corps passed Fort Monroe yesterday, and I hope the whole of them will reach Washington within the next twenty-four hours.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The enemy have disappeared along the entire line. McCook reports that the rebel pickets in front of Fort Stevens were changed in the night from infantry to cavalry, and that the cavalry departed just before daybreak. General Augur reports to General Halleck that he has Wright's corps all ready to move in pursuit, should General Halleck so order. Cavalry has been sent out both in the direction of Baltimore and upon the Rockville road to ascertain which route they have taken. Montgomery Blair's house was burned by them last night, but the house of old Mr. Blair still stands. The amount of damage to the railroad between here and Baltimore is not yet ascertained. A neighbor of Mr. Blair, who made his way through from Silver Spring to the city last night, says that the rebel force which has been in that neighborhood was all of cavalry, and did not exceed 300 in number. We have a report from Point Lookout that a U. S. steamer passed that point early this morning, coming in this direction, with 1,500 troops of the Nineteenth Corps.

They will probably arrive here about 6 p. m.

C. A. DANA.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 13, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Since my dispatch of last evening to General Rawlins there have debarked here of the Sixth Corps 1,689 men, and of the Nineteenth Corps 3,560 men. As you will remember, 800 men of the Nineteenth

