
of the burning of his house in Maryland, this morning,s aid, in effect, that "the officers in command about Washington are poltroons; that there were not more than 500 rebels on the Silver Spring road, and we had 1,000,000 of men in arms; that it was a disgrace; that General Wallace was in comparison with them far better, as he would at least fight. " As there have been for the last few days a large number of officers on duty in and about Washington who have devoted their time and energies, night and day, and have periled their lives in the support of the Government, it is due to them, as well as to the War Department, that it should be known whether such wholesale denouncement and accusation by a member of the Cabinet receives the sanction and approbation of the President of the United States. If so, the names of the officers accused should be stricken from the rolls of the Army; if not, it is due to the honor of the accused that the slandered should be dismissed from the Cabinet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 229. Washington, July 13, 1864.

I. By command of the President, Major General H. G. Wright is assigned to the chief command of all the forces moving against the enemy now retreating from Washington. This assignment embraces the Nineteenth Corps, under command of Brigadier-General Emory, and any forces that may join General Wright from the commands of Major-General Hunter, Major-General Ord, or elsewhere.

II. Major-General Gilmore is relieved from the temporary command of the part of the Nineteenth Corps in the department at Washington, and will report to the Adjutant-General. Brigadier General W. H. Emory will remain in temporary command of the portion of the Nineteenth Corps brought by him from the Department of the Gulf.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 236. Washington, July 13, 1864.

* * * *

11. By direction of the President, so much of Special Orders, Numbers 234, July 11, 1864, from this office, as directed Major General George C. Thomas, commanding militia of the District of Columbia, to call out eight regiments of the militia infantry, and to accept such companies of the uniformed volunteer cavalry and infantry as might present themselves for muster into the service of the United States, is hereby revoked. All troops, if any, mustered into the service of the United States under the provisions of said order, will be immediately mustered out.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

