
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD DEPOT.,

Washington, July 3, 1864. (Received 10. 40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have just returned from Bladensburg. Enemy still in that vicinity; appeared during the night within sight of the camp there, and threw solid shot within a few yards of it. Five rebel prisoners brought in this morning. Could get no information from them, except that they belonged to Bradley Johnson's command. At 5 p. m. yesterday our bridge at Laurel, as well as the track between that point and Beltsville, was all right.

GEO. S. KOONTZ.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 13, 1864-5. 35 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A hand-car with some of our men, and an engine and car in charge of our agent at Washington, Mr. Koontz, have arrived in Baltimore within the last hour, communicating the information that the road is now clear of the enemy, and that the burning has been confined to twelve camp and other cars of the company, and the partial destruction of the cross-ties of one bridge. I at once communicated to General Ord, who has furnished 150 men to go out upon a train with our telegraph operators, roadmen, &amp;c. I judge the telegraphic communication will be reopened during the evening, and that the road can at once be regularly operated. I suggested to General Ord the reoccupation of Annapolis Junction, and hope General Augur can immediately picket the line to that point. I understand General Ord will arrange for the protection of the road to Annapolis Junction. Mr. Koontz does not know enough of the military positions at Washington to enable us to decide whether the regular trains should be run. Pray telegraph us such information as is requisite. All appearances here indicate that the enemy has abandoned this region, and thrown his forces in the direction of Washington. Our trains to-day have run to Ellicott's Mills, and our agent there states he cannot hear of the appearance of the enemy within fifteen miles of that point. Passengers have arrived from Philadelphia by steamers from Perryville.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 13, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

The enemy having learned yesterday the arrival of troops from City Point and New Orleans, retreated in the night toward Edwards Ferry. The appearance of their camp indicates a hasty departure. Their dead were left unburied, and their sick in the camp hospitals. This afternoon our advance cavalry in small force came up with their rear guard at Rockville, and a sharp engagement took place.

