
Being in small force our cavalry fell back to await the arrival of support. Our forces, under Major-General Wright, are in pursuit. Very little injury to property was committed. Two or three dwelling-house were burned. There is no reason why your trains should not commence immediately their usual trips. This morning I ordered Colonel McCallum to put his whole available force on your road to repair damages. Please report to me immediately what you know of Hunter-where he is; where Crook is, and anything your know about his command. Early information is important.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT STEVENS, July 13, 1864-6. 10 a. m.

(Received 9. 17 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy have disappeared from this entire front. All the disposable cavalry have started on this and the Rockville road to learn which route he has taken. I have directed Gillmore to send out the cavalry from near Blandensburg to examine the roads to Baltimore to see if he has gone in that direction. I am having Wright's troops all collected and ready to move at short notice should you determine to send them out.

C. C. AUGUR.

FORT STEVENS, July 13, 1864-8. 30 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General McCook is just in from Silver Spring; the enemy passed that place at 2 o'clock this morning. They have left a hospital there of ninety men and eleven officers in charge of two medical officers. Mr. Montgomery Blair's place is burned. The old gentleman's place is not burned. What cavalry was here is following as fast as possible to learn the enemy's route. A good many of their dead are unburied. I am having all the cavalry called in to be mounted.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

FORT STEVENS, July 13, 1864-9. 50 a. m.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The small force of cavalry sent from here, all of them mounted, came upon the enemy's rear guard at Leesborough. All the indications are that the enemy took the Rockville road. I have no doubt the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad is now clear. There should be cavalry enough now mounted at Camp Stoneman to send out to ascertain. As fast as the cavalry here get their horses they are sent out to follow the enemy.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

