
Another transport with 1,100 is below. You can doubtless count on a large part of the Nineteenth Corps re-enforcing you in season for a battle, if you should need them, and need not delay for want of support.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT RENO, D. C., July 13, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. The head of my column is passing this point, and will be pushed forward to the limits of the endurance or the men. Before leaving I ordered up the portion of the Nineteenth Corps present. Should more arrive they will be directed to follow, with such artillery as they may need, and can be supplied from the Department of Washington. I have taken only what artillery I have-five, possibly six, batteries.

Since writing the above I have received your dispatch by messenger, with copy of letter from Lieutenant-General Grant to Colonel Townsend. I can assure yourself and the President that there will be o delay on my part to head off the enemy, and that the men I have will do all that the number of men can do. They have been well tried and never found wanting.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 13, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

On march via Tennallytown:

(Care of Brigadier-General Hardin):

Forty-six hundred of the Nineteenth Corps in all have arrived. About 1,500 more are on the river coming up. They are eager to join you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Offutt's Cross-Roads, Md., July 13, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

(Received 10. 35 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff;

I reached this point with the cavalry about an hour ago without incident, and the head of the infantry column is nearly up. I shall camp here for the night, and, unless the reports from the cavalry shall occasion a change, I shall move for Edwards Ferry at 4. 30 a. m. to-morrow. The reports from the cavalry are not entirely satisfactory, but I hope to get that which is more reliable before morning. What I have would indicate that the rebel force had moved west, probably to Edwards Ferry.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

