
OFFUTT'S CROSS-ROADS, MD., July 13, 1864.

(Received 11. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

This afternoon I sent a staff officer to the detachment of the Nineteenth Corps commanded by Colonel Davis, with orders to move. Colonel Davis reported his command without rations and without transportation, although requisition had been made for both. His command numbers only about 600. He had received no preparatory orders, and was, therefore, requested to communicate at once with General Gillmore. Under these circumstances it is doubtful whether this party reaches me to-night.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

JULY 13, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT:

GENERAL: The enemy left my front last night; nothing can be seen of them. Prisoners who fell back with them a mile gave out and came in this morning and gave themselves up. The infantry pickets were relived by cavalry last night, and none of them can be seen. rodes' whole division was in the line yesterday.

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Major-General.

FORT STEVENS, July 13, 1864-10. 25 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Headquarters Department of Washington:

If General Wright is in town please send him out at once. Answer.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

He had better see General Halleck before he comes out. His corps will be getting ready to move.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

FORT RENO, July 13, 1864-5. 10 p. m.

Colonel JOSEPH H. TAYLOR,

Chief of staff, Department of Washington:

Have only been able to find about 175 cavalry to take the advance of General Wright's column. Since arriving here have ascertained that Colonel Lowell has in front only 800. Have telegraphed to General McCook to ascertain where remainder are. Two hundred of them I know to be in front of him. General Wright is here. The head of his column has just passed.

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

July 13, 1864-1 p. m.

The corps will move at once along the Military road to Tennallytown, and thence by the River road, via Offutt's Corss-Roads, in the following order: First, First Division, with two batteries; second,

