
Second Division, with one battery; third, Artillery Brigade; fourth, trains. General Getty will detail one brigade as rear guard and flankers for the artillery and trains. The cavalry force now here under Major Thompson will immediately move out upon this road, keeping well in advance of the infantry and covering the front. The cavalry force now on the Rockville road will move on that road, covering the right flank. The cavalry force now near Blandesburg will move at once along the road taken by the troops, and Colonel Lowell, commanding, will report at these headquarters at Tennallytown, as directed by Major-General Augur. The portion of the Nineteenth Corps now here will follow up the movement without delay. Its commanding officer will report at these headquarters on the road for further instructions. The troops will, as far as practicable, keep to the right, giving the road to the artillery and trains.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

July 13, 1864-8 p. m.

The corps will move at 4. 30 a. m. to-morrow on the road to Edwards Ferry in the following order: First, Second Division, with two batteries; second, First Division, with one battery; third, artillery and trains. General Russell will detail one brigade as rear guard and flankers to the artillery and trains. The portion of the Nineteenth Corps present will follow immediately on the same road. The cavalry will be so disposed as to cover the front and flanks of the advance. Further instructions will be given to the commanding officer of the cavalry on his reporting at these headquarters. The pickets will be withdrawn under the direction of the division commanders in time to join their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General EMORY,

Commanding Detachment Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: By orders from headquarters of the Army, the troops of the Nineteenth Corps are to go to Tennallytown, where a camp has been selected for them. They are to be provided immediately with twelve days' light rations, four to be carried by the men and eight in wagons. No meat will be drawn as it is to be sent forward on the hoof. Requisitions for wagons, ambulances, medical supplies, intrenching tools, and ammunition ought to be made this evening.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

PORT TOBACCO, July 23, 1864-4 a. m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report everything all quiet here this morning.

E. RUSSELL,

Captain Co. F, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Pickets.

