
Captain Fitzgerald has made a report similar to Captain Brown's, with addition that Mosby was moving toward Leesburg and that 100 Union or rebel cavalry crossed at Walker's Ford between 11 and 12 last night.

THOS. WILHELM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

ARLINGTON, July 13, 1864-11. 20 p. m.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following has just been received from signal station Fort Smith: The lieutenant in charge of Government farms sends message that the rebels appear one mile from his camp. Captain Fitzgerald has not yet reported.

G. A. DE RUSSY.

WASHINGTON, July 13, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER:

The enemy left our front in the night, and seem to be moving toward Edwards Ferry. General Wright will follow by the River road with about 12,000 men. It is hoped that your forces and those of General Howe will form a junction with him at that place. The rebel force is probably about the same as that you encountered in the Valley, and is estimated at over 20,000.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., July 13, 1864.

His Excellency A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor of West Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated July 10, 1864, relative to the case of James E. Wharton, esq., editor and proprietor of the Parkersburg Gazette, and have first to state, in reply, that about two hours previous to the receipt of your letter orders had been given to the provost-marshal for Mr. Wharton's release, and he had been released before your letter reached my hand. And now, a few words as to the cause which led to Mr. Wharton's arrest and the temporary suppression of his journal. As to the "Criticism on your (my) conduct" in which Mr. Wharton indulged, and to which you refer, I agree with you that there was, of course, no offense whatever. it was merely a matter of taste on his part, nor was it noticed by me until you called my attention thereto as one of the possible causes for my action. But Mr. Wharton, in the editorial which led to the suppression of his paper, stated, first, that "General Hunter with his command has principally passed through our city (Parkersburg) on their way east. " This was contraband news, and utterly untrue; much less than one-tenth

