
CITY POINT, VA., July 13, 1864.

Major-General ORD,

Baltimore, Md.:

I have ordered four batteries to you. They are now being embarked. I w ill send an engineer officer for temporary duty with you. Send him back as soon as his services can be dispensed with.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 13, 1864.

Major TOMPKINS,

Commanding Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps:

You will please take four of your batteries (two batteries of rifled guns and two batteries of smooth-bore guns) and proceed without delay to Baltimore, Md., reporting to Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Middle Department, for duty. You will accompany the batteries in person.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 13, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please order Captain Turnbull, of the Engineer Corps, to report in person immediately to these headquarters for temporary assignment to duty at Baltimore. It is desirable that he should leave here for Baltimore this evening; hence the request for the order in General Meade's absence.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 13, 1864-1 p. m.

(Received 2 a. m. 14th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Medical Inspector G. K. Johnson has just returned from Frederick. He reports the enemy at Monocacy last Saturday and Sunday numbered from 25,000 to 30,000, with 5,000 or 6,000 cavalry and artillery and stores. They left on Sunday, the rear guard about noon, and he traced them as far as Hyattstown, on the Georgetown pike. It was said they were making for Edwards and Noland's Ferries. They left under the impression that Hunter was approaching. They consisted of Ewell's and Breckinridge's corps. A scout just in reports that a rebel column passed him near Laurel yesterday noon which was one hour in passing. They were on the Rockville road, and he thought were making for Balandesburg.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

