
BALTIMORE, MD., July 13, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

(Received 6. 50 a. m. 14th. 0

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

No troops at Perryville en route for the south. Four hundred and fifty colored troops and 200 sailors, who arrived yesterday, were put in the forts here. Communications via pick with Frederick. Rebels reported crossing the railroad near Beltsville to go and release prisoners at Point Lookout. Do not rely on the report. I have notified the people, through the Governor, that the militia will not be needed here now, but the Governor continues the organization. Bridge on Philadelphia railroad can be repaired in two days. Only some stragglers of rebel cavalry known to be near here.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 13, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General ORD,

Baltimore, Md.:

The enemy left here last night, and seems to be moving toward Edwards Ferry. General Grant directs that you move out of Baltimore as soon as it becomes evident that the enemy has left your front. Your troops should come by railroad as far as possible, and then march to Washington. The evidence is that the rebels have no troops in the direction of Baltimore, except mounted guerrillas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 13, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 11. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch just received. I shall start to-morrow as soon as I can get the command together. I have here, including ricketts' division, which numbers 2,488, about 5,000 or 6,000 infantry and two batteries. This does not include a small force of colored troops. I propose to take with me about 4,000 infantry and one battery, leaving Wallace about 2,000 infantry, 200 sailors, a small force of colored troops, about 200 cavalry, and large force of stragglers and armed citizens. General Wallace's command it is impossible to enumerate specifically, as I am only just receiving field returns from the various parties. Should you desire me to bring the whole of the infantry, 6,000, and the other battery, please telegraph me.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,July 13, 1864.

General COUCH,

Philadelphia:

I was assigned to the command of this corps and all troops of department on the 11th. General Halleck telegraphed me yesterday

