HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 13, 1864.

[General LOCKWOOD:]

The regiments of General Ricketts' division in your command, including the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, are to join General Ricketts at once. General Ricketts' division leaves for Washington this day; he is now at Druid Hill Park. If you have the One hundred and forty-ninth Ohio, or companies of the One hundred and forty-fourth, order them to the Camden Station, with one day's cooked rations. Their commanding officers will report to General Kenly at these headquarter. Please hurry the detachments of heavy artillery.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS,Relay House, July 13, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD:

GENERAL: Thomas Latchford, scout, late lieutenant Eighth Maryland Volunteers, just arrived from Laurel, reports the Washington road safe three miles below Laurel. Our troops remained at Laurel. Advance rebel picket last night at 5 p. m. was within three miles of Laurel below; it left at 6 p. m. At noon yesterday the rebel column passed scout below Laurel, going on the Rockville road; column was one hour in passing him. It divided at Beltsville, one branch going toward Washington, one branch toward lower part of Prince George's County. Scout thinks it united at Bladensburg this morning. Four hundred to 500 mules were taken at Beltsville.

WM. W. HENRY,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

RELAY HOUSE, July 13, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE:

Just arrived. Communication open to Frederick. Will report in person soon.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

HAVRE DE GRACE, July 13, 1864.

Major-General ORD, Commanding:

I have just learned of the change of commander. General Wallace sent me here immediately after the interruption of travel and telegraphic communication. I have been engaged in organizing the troops here, and in disposing of them for the protection of the railroad, and of the Conowingo bridge, twelve miles from here on the Susquehanna. Du Pont's Powder Mills are near the bridge. General Couch ordered the holding of the bridge at all hazards. I am collecting steamers and transports to forward troops immediately upon their arrival here. No news yet of any coming. As soon as I can get in morning reports, I will report the number and disposition of forces here. Lieutenant-Colonel Hounsfield, of the new Delaware contingent, has been assigned by me to the immediate command of the troops. He is an efficient field officer. I have here,

