
HAGERSTOWN, July 13, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General COUCH:

I am sent here by General Hunter to receive and forward dispatches from you in accordance with your suggestion; also, to keep General Hunter apprised of any movements in this vicinity. Please forward any news which may be of importance to General Hunter.

E. C. WATKINS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORK, PA., July 13, 1864.

Major SCHULTZE:

I just arrived in York to see Dr. Palmer about moving some hundred-odd stragglers that will be in to-night; to-morrow I will go down. There are seven important bridges should be guarded between York an glen Rock by the invalids of the hospitals or citizens of the town of York. I will have to leave them if I go to Monkton.

D. P. HANCOCK,

Captain, Seventh Infantry.

HAGERSTOWN, July 13, 1864.

Major SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two rebel deserters have just been brought in by my pickets, who left the reble army south of Frederick Sunday evening, and say that General Early was in command of 35,000 men. He expected to be joined by A. P. Hill at Leesburg and attack Washington. I will send them to Chambersburg.

H. T. MCLEAN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Cavalry.

YORK, July 13, 1864.

Major J. S. SCHULTZE:

Two hundred and sixty troops well armed and officered have volunteered for the defense of the road, and will be ready to move in the morning. Please inform me the hour they will be needed.

HENRY PALMER.

GETTYSBURG, July 13, 1864.

General D. H. COUCH:

William H. Crawford, of Signal Corps, just arrived from Harper's Ferry, wounded. Left General Howe's headquarters, at Sandy Hook, yesterday morning. An aide from General Hunter just in reported his infantry at Cumberland on Monday much worn by marching, and some of his cavalry between that and Martinsburg. General Mulligan with infantry about four mils from Sandy Hook, on old turnpike to Frederick-between 1,000 and 2,000. No military in Frederick this morning. About 200 Union cavalry passed through. Enemy reported moving on Georgetown road, and toward Blandensburg. General Howe, at Sandy Hook, had orders to remain for orders, but spoke of following enemy. We have reports that Bradley Johnson's command reached Westminster on Monday night, and

