
went down Washington clay road. Two of our scouts report from Frederick this morning, and going beyond. Those yesterday beyond Westminster not yet reported.

D. MCCONAUGHY.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Numbers 161. Harrisburg, Pa., July 13, 1864.

* * * *

4. Brigadier General T. A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at Chambersburg, and will proceed without delay to Pittsburg, Pa., and assume command of the Monongahela District.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Harrisburg, Pa., July 13, 1864.

1. Colored troops raised under circular dated headquarters Department of the Susquehanna, July 12, 1864, will rendezvous at Camp William Penn, near Philadelphia.

2. Colored troops will be commanded by white officers.

3. Upon the application of the commanding officer of a company of colored men to the agents of any of the railroads of this department, transportation will be furnished to the camp of rendezvous.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

It would seem from dispatches just received from Mr. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War, that the enemy are leaving Maryland. If so, Hunter should follow him as rapidly as the jaded condition of his men will admit. The Sixth and Nineteenth Corps should be got here without any delay, so that they may be used before the return of the troops sent into the Valley by the enemy. Hunter moving up the Valley will either hold a large force of the enemy or he will be enabled to reach Gordonsville and Charlottesville. The utter destruction of the road at and between these two places will be of immense value to us. I do not intend this as an order to bring Wright back while he is in pursuit of the enemy with any prospect of punishing him, but to secure his return at the earliest possible moment after he ceases to be absolutely necessary where he is. Colonel Comstock, who takes this, cane explain to you fully the situation here. The enemy have the Weldon road completed, but are very cautious about bringing cars through on it. I shall endeavor to have it badly destroyed, and for a long distance, within a few days. I understand from a refugee that they have twenty-five miles of track yet to lay to complete the Danville road. If the enemy

