
CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I received this morning a communication from Beauregard of date of the 13th in answer to mine of the 8th instant, addressed to General Lee. On the 10th General Lee answered one of the day before, but no answering the other himself, I fear he may have gone north, taking with him more force. Have you any information of Lee's presence about Petersburg later than the 10th obtained from deserters or refugees?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, July 14, 1864-3. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding, &c.:

I have made all investigation possible since receiving your telegram, and I can learn nothing of Lee's whereabouts. Day before yesterday Pickett refused receiving any communication unless sent from General Grant to General Lee. When the returned the letter to you yesterday, a note was forwarded to me that my communication would be received, but the answer of Ould obviated the necessity of sending. The communication about Jaquess and Gilmore evidently went before the War Department at Richmond, which may account for the delay of that without the necessity of supposing Lee absent. I will keep endeavoring to hear of anything upon this subject.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 14, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The rebels carried Franklin from the railroad around to Randallstown, where he escaped and was secreted till last night in a house four miles from Baltimore. A cavalry company went out last evening to bring him in. Several naval officers and two army lieutenants are reported as captured with him. I hear nothing about Baldy Smith.

C. A. DANA.

JULY 14, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No news from Hunter, nor do we know where he is; at our last advices he was yet at Parkersburg. Mr. Garrett, president Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, telegraphs this morning that Sullivan reported himself at Martinsburg on the 11th, but that Pillar bridge

