
and two culverts were destroyed over there, rendering it impossible for him to move farther. Averell's division, 3,000, reached Parkersburg on the 12th; 1,500 infantry and 700 cavalry left that place on the 10th and 11th, and on the 12th the quartermaster at Parkersburg stated there were 2,500 infantry between that place and Gallipolis. No report whatever respecting Crook and his division. No report from Howe's force on Maryland Heights. Monocacy bridge not very badly damaged.

C. A. DANA.

WASHINGTON, July 14, 1864-10 p. m. (Received 15th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No additional troops of the Nineteenth Army Corps have arrived to-day. The total number debarked is 4,400, while Emory's division alone exceeds 6,000. Several organizations are still incomplete. The men are pretty badly worn out by their sea-voyage, and will dwindle greatly on a march. General ord, with Ricketts' division, 2,488 strong, and Kenly's brigade, of the Eighth Corps, 1,500 strong, have arrived here, and, by the order of the Secretary of War, move out immediately to Wright, the necessary transportation being furnished by General Augur. Ricketts leaves about 1,000 men, detached as guards of railroads and elsewhere, whom he expects to rejoin him. This makes his loss in the campaign about 1,400, of whom about 600 were taken prisoners by the rebels on the Monocacy. General Gillmore having become disabled, General Ord is assigned to the command of the troops of the Nineteenth Corps and Kenly's brigade together. Nothing more from Hunter. General Chipman has been sent from the Department to hunt him up. Augur's cavalry, on the south side of the river, captured 5 men from McCausland's rear guard, who say that their command crossed the Potomac at Muddy Branch yesterday morning, having moved from their camp in front of Washington about 3 p. m. Tuesday. General Breckinridge moved immediately after them. A farmer who witnessed the skirmish between the Vermont brigade and Rodes' men on Tuesday evening, says that at that time Breckinridge's command was already out of sight, on its way to the Potomac. There seems to be no doubt that Early has got the main body of his command across the river with his plunder; what that is it is impossible to say precisely. General McCook has reported one herd of cattle as containing 2,000 head, and the number of horses and mules taken from Maryland is also reported by various parties at about 5,000. This, however, is probably somewhat exaggerated. Our total losses by the siege amount to 500 killed and wounded. The irregulars in the fortifications here have been withdrawn. Brevet Major-General Meigs marched his division of quartermaster's clerks and employes into town this morning, and Admiral Goldsborough has also returned to smoke his pipe on his own doorstep. Major-General Doubleday, I learn, is still at his post as commander of the defenses east of the Eastern Branch, but it without troops.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

