
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 14, 1864-1 p. m.

Governor PEIRPOINT,

Alexandria:

It is not deemed necessary to call out your militia; you will please, therefore, abstain from doing so until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 14, 1864-12. 07 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio, and

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Chicago, Ill.:

If the Veteran Reserve have not left Chicago, they will remain there.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 14, 1864. (Received 6 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am in receipt of your gratifying telegram of 10. 45 last night. The road to Washington is in order, and the regular running of trains will be resumed this day. I have telegraphed to the Philadelphia and New York roads, announcing the full reopening of the line. We have no advice of the point at which General Hunter now is. When last advised he was at Parkersburg. Our road officers reported that they expected to complete Back Creek bridge on the morning of the 13th. We estimate that nearly 10,000 men must now be at and near Martinsburg. General Sullivan telegraphed to Agent Ford that he occupied Martinsburg on the 11th; that Pillar bridge and two culverts near that point were badly destroyed; that the enemy was near, and that he had then no knowledge of the condition of the road east of Martinsburg. Our last telegram from Parkersburg is dated the 12th, and reports that 1,500 infantry, and 700 cavalry were shipped on the 10th and 11th; that Averell's division of 3,000 has just arrived, and that the quartermaster stated there were then 2,500 infantry between the place and Gallipolis. The infantry have all been forwarded promptly, and the horses as rapidly as the number of stock cars west of the break permitted. General Crook's name has not bee mentioned in our telegrams, and I fear, therefore, he has not yet come forward. Frederick is reported to be occupied by Cole's cavalry, and the railroad not much damaged between that point and Baltimore. The wood-work of the Monocacy bridge is burned, but the iron portion remains in place, and can be speedily restored. We will send a train at once to reconnoiter and reopen. We h ear nothing recently of the large force on Maryland Heights. It would appear that no enemy is now near them, and that the railroad communication can be promptly restored with slight co-operation from General Howe. I trust in the course of this day we will be enabled to furnish you more definite information.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

