
mounted men and conveyed to General Brad. T. Johnson, at Rossville, and by order of Johnson he pointed out a road so as to avoid destroying the property of the college. He says Johnson has 6,000 or 7,000 troops. At 7. 30 p. m. Tuesday Johnson received a dispatch and released him and ordered a retreat. Dr. Johns found troopers at his house eating till 11 p. m. Tuesday. They had 1,000 head horses and mules. At 11 a. m. Wednesday Johnson's forces passed in retreat at 11 a. m. by New Cut road, two miles east of this place.

Respectfully,

W. C. BARNEY,

Late Major, U. S. Army.

There are here sixteen cavalry without any officers-stragglers. I shall assume to send them to report to headquarters.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MEIGS' DIVISION, Numbers 2. Defenses of Washington, July 14, 1864.

By direction of Major-General McCook, General Rucker's brigade is relieved from duty in the trenches and will return to Washington, where its members-who are civilians in the service of the Quartermaster's Department-will resume their usual duties. The brigade will march this evening as soon as Brigadier-General Rucker, commanding, can make the necessary dispositions. The position will be occupied by the Reserve Brigade. Brevet Major-General Meigs, Quartermaster-General, commanding the division, takes this opportunity to thank the soldiers and the civilians of the Quartermaster's Department for the alacrity and zeal with which they organized and moved to defend the capital, insulted by traitors. The rebel army, under tried and skillful leaders, has looked at and has felt of the northern defenses of Washington. These looked ugly and felt hard. They left their dead unburied, and many of their wounded on the way by which they retired. They will not soon again insult the majesty of a free people in their nation's capital. Under instructions of Major-General Augur, commanding the Department of Washington, the command of the remainder of the division is relinquished to Brigadier-General Paine, U. S. Volunteers, senior officer remaining.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864. (Received 1. 45 a. m.)

General HARDIN,

Commanding at Fort Reno:

There is no other designation for the company that I am aware of. It is the President's guard. Perhaps it is near Stevens; ask General McCook. The rebel cavalry is reported near Fort Ethan Allen. Be prepared with the river batteries to render aid if necessary.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

