
the enemy may bring; of this you are to be the judge. After making details from the Eleventh Maryland Infantry to replace the Third Potomac Home Brigade, withdrawn, you will hold the balance of the regiment at the Relay House, to be used as may be required.

Send two companies to the Monocacy Junction at once, with instructions to the instructions to the officer in command there that they are to assist in the construction of rifle-pits, &amp;c., for the better protection of that point, so that in connection with the block-house already there, the troops stationed there may be able to make a protracted resistance. As soon as the earth-works are completed remove all troops from the Monocacy Junction, except two strong companies, which are deemed sufficient for the defense of that point, unless attacked by a force which, in your opinion, may be successfully resisted by the troops at Monrovia. In that case you will send forward the troops, otherwise you will not risk any more at Monocacy Junction, but resist the advance of the enemy at Monrovia or other point, and if opposed by a superior force and compelled to retire, do so in the direction of the Relay House. The companies withdrawn from the Monocacy will be held at Monrovia to act with the other forces. You will order the guard at the Monocacy Junction to hold the post, and to give immediate notice of the approach of the enemy, and to send out scouts for information.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 3, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Commanding First Sep. Brigade, Relay House, B. & O. R. R.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to instruct you to hold in readiness to move at a moment's notice your entire command. You will see that they are provided with three days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. You will be governed by such instructions as may have been given, or which may be hereafter received from these headquarters, touching the disposition of your troops to meet an attack on your lines from the direction of the Shenandoah Valley. The utmost vigilance is required on your part, as information has been received at these headquarters that the enemy are operating in force on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at or near Martinsburg, W. Va. Further and detailed instructions will be given as to the disposition of your forces.

MAX. WOODHULL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 3, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

The Eleventh Maryland Infantry has been ordered to proceed at once to report to you; the ammunition to follow in the morning.

By order, &c.:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

