
WILLARD'S, July 14, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding, near Offutt's Cross-Roads, Md.:

Your telegram was received at 11. 30 a. m. General Dwight left here this morning to take command of his division. I ordered him to go out last night. I will leave here myself some time this evening. Leave me a small guard and send a guide back to meet me at Tennallytown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT RENO, July 14, 1864-12. 20 p. m.

Major-General AUGUR:

I have just returned from Offutt's Cross-Roads, disabled in the foot by my horse falling on me. Neither General Emory nor General Dwight are out here. About 4,000 of First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, are advancing under command of a colonel. I hope to be able to ride in two or three days, and in the mean time will attend to the wants of the troops as they arrive.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Potomac Cross-Roads, July 14, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I started late this afternoon to report to you in person, in pursuance of orders, which I presume are inclosed in the dispatch herein sent from the War Department. I am stopped here by a sharp attack of cholera morbus. No part of the Nineteenth Army Corps has arrived, except that reported to you by Colonel Beal. I shall try and join you early in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, July 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I send you two rebel prisoners brought in by Captain Brown. The man Smith crossed at Seneca Falls with McCausland, and seems the more voluble of the two. It is my belief that in making this demonstration the enemy had with him about ten days' rations, with cavalry force of about 10,000 and infantry about 12,000, with a view of operating against Washington; that this force is entirely across the river but is still waiting in the mountains on this side with the intention of making still another attempt on this side,

