
had crossed before we reached this place. I have sent the cavalry forward to see whether anything can be done against the rear guard, but presume it will be too late. The enemy had and kept about twenty-four hours the start of us, which gave him full time to secure his crossing of the river.

I have not been able to get any intelligence from General Hunter's command, and have, therefore, for further operations only the two divisions of my corps, numbering perhaps 10,000, and some 500 possibly of the Nineteenth Corps, which, unless I overrate the enemy's strength, is wholly insufficient to justify the following up of the enemy on the other side of the Potomac. I presume this will not be the policy of the War Department, and I shall, therefore, wait instructions before proceeding farther, which I hope to receive by the time the Nineteenth Corps arrives. In the mean time I shall endeavor to open communication both with General Hunter and General Howe. I should also report that a portion of the enemy's cavalry, said to be McCausland's, is represented to have crossed at Muddy Branch Ford, and some at Edwards Ferry, though not in considerable numbers. I changed the direction of the column to this point on learning that the ford at Edwards Ferry was not passable for trains, and hoped to be able to come up with the enemy at one of the upper fords.

My troops have marched over thirty miles in about twenty-four hours, over bad roads and under excessive heat.

I send this by an officer, who is directed to await your instructions.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 14, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: Enemy left Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, moving out by the Rockville road toward Edwards Ferry, and his advance was seen crossing at that place yesterday. His entire force is estimated at about 25,000 men, and he is probably encumbered with a large amount of plunder, taken in Maryland. General Wright moved out to Offutt's Cross-Roads last night, with about 10,000 men, with a reserve of about 4,000, which should reach him to-day. He has ordered to pursue the enemy to Edwards Ferry, and then effect a junction with you. Several dispatches have been sent to you by General Grant's direction, to move with all your forces, and all that could be spared from Maryland Heights, to Edwards Ferry, to meet General Wright. It was hoped that this junction might be effected in time to cut off the enemy's passage, or at least to greatly trouble his retreat. It will probably not be too late to effect the latter, if your troops have moved forward as expected; but, as you have not answered dispatches, we are left in the dark in regard to your force and movements. Major-General Wright has been placed by the President in supreme command of the forces operating on this expedition, and the Secretary of War directs that all your available force, as soon as the junction can be effected, be placed under his direction. General Crook would be a suitable person for the immediate command. It is highly important that you

