SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY, Numbers 6. July 14, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

4. Major T. A. Meysenburg, assistant adjutant-general, is, by direction of Major-General Hunter, relieved from further duty in the Military District of Harper's Ferry, and will report in person to Major-General Sigel for orders. The general commanding tenders his thanks to Major Meysenburg for the prompt and careful attention he has displayed in the execution of all the duties imposed upon him while serving on the general's staff.

5. All official communications to these headquarters will be addressed to Major Charles Hamlin, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Brigadier-General Howe:

CHAS. HAMLIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 14, 1864-11. 15 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Sir John's Run:

McNeil was in Romney this a. m. Please order Captain Petrie, who is now at Martinsburg, to return to South Branch bridge at once with his iron-clads.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 14, 1864-10. 05 p. m.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

Your telegram just received. * We opened the road to Martinsburg yesterday. Trains are now running to that point, and the telegraph line is also repaired and working. Frank Miller with a force is repairing the line to-day between Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry. I also ordered Mr. Porter to put his whole force on the work and open the railroad to Harper's Ferry at once. I understand that Sullivan is at Harper's Ferry with his division, or perhaps now east of the Shenandoah. General Hunter left here this a. m. for the front. General Howe can unquestionably cover the road from Harper's Ferry to Monocacy. I presume General Hunter will push his force forward east of the Blue Ridge rapidly via Hillsboroug, and probably a portion via Snicker's Gap, so as to strike the enemy in flank.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, July 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Commanding officers at Paw Paw, Patterson's, and Cacapon River will be ordered to furnish such details as may be required by Captain

---------------

*Embodied in Garrett to Stanton, p. 317.

---------------

