
corps, reported from 20,000 to 30,000 strong, infantry, and 6,000 cavalry. General Franklin escaped Tuesday a. m. I sent out yesterday, and brought him in last night. He leaves for home this morning. My force has been much scattered on road; will start them as fast as they can come in. Eight hundred will leave the Relay House in a couple of hours, I hope; General Rickett's division by noon, with two batteries; Kenly's brigade at about 2 p. m. I have asked General Halleck if I should bring all the infantry here, including 100-days' men, and no answer yet received. I purpose now leaving about 2,000 such troops, which, with about 200 cavalry, several hundred stragglers, and the citizens armed, say 1,000, will form the defensive force, under Wallace. I apprehend no danger, yet General Wallace does not feel much confidence in citizens armed. My telegrams have heretofore gone by Fort Monroe. The rebels are reported to have been seen crossing at Edwards Ferry Sunday last. Wounded and dead of Monocacy bridge cared for next day by advance of General Hunter's cavalry, which drove the rebels out of Frederick, where wounded and stragglers are. Hunter's force and position not know here.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 14, 1864-5. 45 p. m.

Major-General ORD,

Baltimore:

Thanks for your telegram and the information it contained. General Halleck, as I am informed, gave orders, which you have perhaps received by this time, that you should leave with Wallace what you deemed necessary, and take with your everything else.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The rebels have disappeared from between here and Washington. The four batteries will not be wanted. I am ordered to Washington with my forces. Leave to-day.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864-2 p. m. (Received 7. 20 a. m. 15th.)

Major-General ORD,

Baltimore, Md.:

Push out all the force you can, and make the enemy develop himself, if in your front. If you follow, do so with as much strength as you can, having proper regard for the safety of the city.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

