
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Augur for report as to where these men now are.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Captain, Fourth U. S. Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, OFFICE ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Trenton, July 14, 1864.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to hand you herewith a copy of proclamation by His Excellency the Governor of this State, dated July 12, 1864, calling for a militia force to serve for thirty days in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and District of Columbia. The first company reporting under said proclamation has been ordered to report to you as commandant of the Middle Department. The company is commanded by Captain Richard H. Lee, who will present this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. STOCKTON, Jr.,

Adjutant-General of New Jersey.

[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.

I have been expecting a call from the President of the United States, or a request from the Governor of the State now invaded by the rebels, for troops to aid in driving back the invaders. Not having received such a call or request, I assume that the authorities near the scene of action believe that they have sufficient force at their command to meet the emergency. I, however, view the expedition as more serious than an ordinary raid. A battle has been fought within a few miles of Baltimore, and our forces (composed in part of veteran troops) have been driven back. Intelligence has been received that the railway between Philadelphia and Baltimore has been cut, and communication between the East and Washington interrupted. The national capital is seriously threatened. Although New Jersey has not been officially called upon for troops in this emergency, yet regarding the danger as imminent, I call upon the citizens of this State to organize immediately into companies and report to the adjutant-general of the State for thirty days' service in Pennsylvania, Maryland, or the District of Columbia.

Given under my hand and privy seal, at Trenton, this 12th day of July, A. D. 1864.

JOEL PARKER.

Attest:

S. M. DICKINSON,

Private Secretary.

