
to patrol the road to Randallstown and beyond that point; another to patrol the road to Pikesville and beyond that point; another to patrol the roads to Brooklandville and Lutherville and beyond those points. The objects of the several patrols stated will be to ascertain and give notice of the approach and movements generally of the enemy.

The officers in charge of the patrols will make report to you every morning and evening in writing, and you will promptly consolidate those reports and forward to these headquarters. In making such morning and evening reports, the officers in charge of patrols will send in a mounted courier, and not return themselves or their patrols to the city without order or permission. The cavalry force under Colonel Pierce will be stationed at such points as General Lockwood deems proper, as a reserve for the mounted citizens doing duty as patrols.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 14, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Commanding First Separate Brigade, Relay House:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to direct you to push Colonel Clendenin's cavalry toward Emmitsburg to collect and report information of the enemy. Please inform him that the telegraph works from a point beyond Westmister, and it may prove more expeditions for communications than via Frederick City. Inform him also that Captain Milligan's company of cavalry is going up to extend patrol from Middleburg to Hanover.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE.

RELAY HOUSE, July 14, 1864.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please say to General Ord the troops here are ready to move. There is one company Eastern Shore regiment, fifty-one men strong, at this place. Shall they garrison Fort Dix? Have about thirty prisoners.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

RELAY HOUSE, July 14, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Baltimore:

I have the honor to report that the command left they the Relay House at 1 o'clock, under charge of Colonel Henry.

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

