
were last heard from near Kearneysville. I have had no communication with General Sigel since 11 o'clock this morning. He is trying to reach Harper's Ferry. The enemy are reported to be moving toward the Potomac and Williamsport.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 4, 1864-4 p. m.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.:

A deserter from the Sixty-first Virginia, who came into Hancock's lines this morning from the extreme right of the rebel army, says it was reported in their camp that Ewell had gone into Maryland with his own corps and the other forces lately operating in the Valley. He took only hard bread in his wagons and left all baggage at Staunton. The same deserter reports that the rations of Lee's army have ben reduced to one-quarter of a pound of meat, whilst the ration of sugar and coffee has ceased to be regularly issued.

C. A. DANA.

CITY POINT, July 4, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received 5th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

A deserter who came in this morning reports that Ewell's corps has not returned here, but is off in the Valley with the intention of going into Maryland and Washington City. They now have the report that the already has Arlington heights and expects to take the city soon. Of course the soldiers know nothing about this force further than that it is away from here and north somewhere. Under the circumstances I think it advisable to hold all of the forces you can about Washington, Baltimore, Cumberland, and Harper's Ferry, ready to concentrate against any advance of the enemy. Except from the dispatches forwarded from Washington in the last two days I have learned nothing which indicated an intention on part of the rebels to attempt any northern movement. If General Hunter is in striking distance there ought to be veteran force enough to meet anything the enemy have, and if once put to flight, he ought to be followed as long as possible. This report of Ewell's corps being north is only the report of a deserter, and we have similar authority for it being here and on the right of Lee's army. We know, however, that it does not occupy this position.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. P. HOWE,

U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you assume command of the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard, a battalion or battalions of dismounted cavalry, and a light

3 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

