
and is about the lowest estimate. Some estimates are unquestionably very much exaggerated. I give the organizations in order that you may compare them with data which you have.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Major General H. W. Halleck thinks Hunter's command very badly cut up by the Lynchburg expedition, and that it does not now exceed 12,000 effective men of all arms. It is now at Harper's Ferry, or between there and Leesburg. Wright with 10,000 men should be between White's Ferry and Leesburg. Ricketts and what has arrived of the Nineteenth Corps are between Wright and Washington. Orders for General Wright and the Nineteenth Corps to comply with your letter will be issued as soon as Halleck receives an answer to his telegram to you of to-day. It will take three or four days for Wright to get back. Halleck does not understand your letter sent by me as an order for Wright's recall, and awaits positive orders. He thinks on Wright's return the enemy may come back. Wright's orders now are to follow enemy till recalled.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 15, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS:

We have no report from Wright since this morning, nor from the troops of the Nineteenth Corps, nor Ricketts' and Kenly's since they passed Fort ReNumbers Mr. Ashley, member of Congress from Ohio, tells me confidentially that in an interview the other day with Butler, that officer showed him the order directing him to report to Fortress Monroe, and said he would be damned if he paid any attention to it; he did not receive orders from staff officers. Mr. Ashley tells me also that he found a good deal of discontent and mutinous spirit among staff officers of the Army of the Potomac. A good deal of McClellanism, he says, was manifested, especially by officers of very high rank. He tells me also that Meade is universally disliked by officers of every sort.

T. T. ECKERT,

Major.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 15, 1864-10. 45 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Ord's command has not yet started from here, the night having been consumed in the effort of getting together wagons, knapsacks, haversacks, &amp;c. I presume they will get off before noon. Mr. Garrett, president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, reports that trains from the west are now running to Martinsburg. General Sullivan has arrived at Harper's Ferry. Hunter's precise

