
whereabouts is not yet known, but Garrett understands that he is moving with his forces to get east of the Blue Ridge to cut off the enemy. Hunter appears to have been engaged in a pretty active campaign against the newspapers in West Virginia. We also have semi-official reports of his having horse-whipped a soldier with his own hand. It is reported that the rebels have carried 1,700 recruits away with them from Maryland. Baldy Smith arrived in New York yesterday. No news from Wright this morning.

C. A. DANA.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 15, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Our latest advices indicate that the head of the retreating rebel column has reached Ashby's Gap. Wright is not yet at Edwards Ferry. The enemy will doubtless escape with all his plunder and recruits, leaving us nothing but the deepest shame that has yet befallen us.

C. A. DANA.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 15, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Steamer McClellan from New Orleans with 860 men, Nineteenth Corps, arrived here 12. 30 p. m. A railroad agent, who left Sandy Hook this morning, reports Hunter's forces began to reach Harper's Ferry Wednesday evening, and were till this morning crossing river to Pleasant Valley, all foot-sore and badly used up. One regiment remains at Martinsburg and a detachment at Duffield's. Crook is with the main column. A signal officer at Point of Rocks says enemy crossed large wagon train at Noland's Ferry, yesterday morning, followed by the mass of their cavalry and infantry. Another signal officer, at Sugar Loaf Mountain, says they crossed 400 wagons at White's Ford, three miles below mouth of Monocacy, yesterday morning, moving in direction of Snicker's Gap. They were still crossing at 11 a. m. According to this officer, General Halleck thinks the main body have gone through Snicker's, and but a small portion through Ashby's Gap. General Halleck estimates the force they have had before Washington at 28,000 to 30,000, as follows: Early's corps, three divisions, Rodes', Gordon's, and Ramseur's, 12,000; Breckinridge's corps, two divisions, 12,000; cavalry and artillery, 4,000 to 6,000, with thirty cannon. Halleck thinks they have got 5,000 or 6,000 excellent horses and 2,000 poor cattle, mostly cows. Ord is ordered to you. No news from Wright.

C. A. DANA.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864-8 p. m.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I am sorry to see much a disposition to condemn so brave an old soldier as General Hunter is known to be without a hearing. He is known to have advanced into the enemy's country toward their main

