
army, inflicting a much greater damage upon them than they have inflicted upon us with double his force, and moving directly away from our main army. Hunter acted, too, in a country where we had no friends whilst the enemy have only operated in territory where, to say the least, many of the inhabitants are their friends. If General Hunter has made was upon the newspapers in West Virginia, probably he has done right. In horse-whipping a soldier he has laid himself subject to trial; but nine chances out of ten he has only acted on the spur of the moment, under great provocation. I fail to see yet that General Hunter has not acted with great promptness and great success. Even the enemy give him great credit for courage, and congratulate themselves that he will give them a chance of getting even with him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Monroe:

Turn all steamers arriving from the South with troops to City Point.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1864-12. 50 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

All troops of the Nineteenth Army Corps not belonging to the two divisions under General Emory will go directly to City Point.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

361 ELEVENTH STREET,

July 15, 1864-9. 30 a. m.

MY DEAR HALLECK: Order Barnard to send an officer of engineers to make a careful measured survey of the rebel trenches at Fort Stevens. McCook rode over the line with me, pointed out lines of battle, recognized by empty ammunition boxes, cartridge package wrappers, &amp;c., and also camps, recognized by camp-fires and old hats, shoes, and the usual debris of such occupation. McCook feels strongly on the subject, and will go with the officer. In view of the Intelligencer's articles it will be well to have them recorded in official form and get it engraved and published in papers of large circulation. The physical signs are of a large force lying in ambush hoping to tempt an attack by our weak garrison to overthrow and follow them into the lines.

M. C. MEIGS.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 15, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

Please direct General Barnard to make the proposed survey.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

