
let a staff officer meet the regiment on the bridge and guide it to its camp. The major-general commanding desires that the regiment be placed in camp in reserve, to be used wherever most needed in an emergency.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY'S DIVISION,Arlington, Va., July 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL McKENLY,

Commanding Rendezvous of Distribution:

COLONEL: The rebels are reported to have attacked our forces at the Accotink, and are believed to be in force there. Will you be kind enough to order the regiment of the Reserve Corps we spoke of yesterday to report to Major Meservey, at Fort Lyon? I shall be there myself and arrange matters so that no question of rank shall aid to disturb the harmony of the command there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., July 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report all quiet in this vicinity. I have nothing of importance to mention. There are now out from here four parties covering our front and toward the river with a view of ascertaining the whereabouts of the enemy, and, as far as possible, his intentions. These parties were sent out yesterday morning, and as no word has been received from them there is every reason to believe that none of the enemy are this side of the first range of mountains.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cav., Commanding Brigadier
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., July 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that information has just been received from a scouting party sent out yesterday morning to watch the fords on the Potomac, as far up as Goose Creek, that Early's division occupy Leesburg and vicinity. Their pickets were seen by our party, which pushed on for information as far as practicable, but was not able to go beyond Goose Creek, as the enemy hold all the fords from the Leesburg pike to the Potomac, have a picket on the pike at the crossing, and patrols running as far down as Broad Run; that skirmishing was seen across the river at Edwards

