
Ferry, mostly firing across from either bank. Another party, sent out to watch the country between the Leesburg pike and the Little River pike, has just come in. As far up as Goose Creek reports nothing more than small straggling parties of Mosby's men. Mosby is reported to have passed with his 600 men and a piece of artillery through Gum Spring yesterday afternoon on his way up to Aldie with a considerable amount of plunder and cattle. The party brought in a prisoner belonging to the Sixth Virginia Cavalry, captured near Goose Creek. Nothing has been heard from other parties sent out to our front and left.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Vol. Cav., Commanding Brigadier
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., July 15, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request you to send me the countersign for to-night by the bearer, as it has not been received. A party was sent out twenty-four hours since with instructions to go to Bristoe Station and above toward Thoroughfare Gap. Were the enemy running trains as far up as this station we should probably have received word from the party. Another party was sent out this afternoon, as directed in your letter, with instructions to go to Rappahannock Station and beyond, if necessary, and bring in definite information in regard to the report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cav., Commanding Cav. Brigadier
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 15, 1864.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Army of Operation:

GENERAL: Your notes from Poolesville of 6 p. m. yesterday are received. We as yet get nothing whatever from General Hunter. Information of him from railroad men to this morning is as follows: General Howe, with a part of his force, has crossed the Monocacy, and was last night near Sugar Loaf Mountain. His cavalry had moved down the road from Frederick to Edwards Ferry. Both should, therefore, be with you this morning. Hunter's own command was, at last accounts, at Sandy Hook, Harper's Ferry, and Martinsburg. General Kelley understood from him, when he left Cumberland, that he intended to strike the enemy's flank on his retreat, but where is not known. Message after message has been sent to General Hunter within the last ten days to endeavor to effect a junction with you near Edwards Ferry. It is quite certain that some of these dispatches have reached him, but no answer has been received here. You are, therefore, in position to get later advices of his movements than we have. And now in regard to your own operations. I have

22 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

