
no further instructions than those already given verbally, viz: General Grant directed that a junction of your forces and those of General Hunter be made in the vicinity of Edwards Ferry to cut off the enemy's retreat, if possible; if not, to pursue him south, doing him all the damage you can. He further says that you must live mainly on the country. He does not say how far south you are to pursue, but I will get his instructions on that point and communicate them to you. You will, therefore, continue the pursuit until you receive further orders. In giving you supreme command, with only general directions as to what you are to do, General Grant probably intended to leave you free to exercise your own judgment. As your force, until Hunter or the Nineteenth Corps reaches you, will be inferior to the enemy, you will move with caution. Rickett's division and Kenly's brigade, under General Ord, left this morning to join you. They number about 5,000. About 4,000 of the Nineteenth Corps, under General Emory, have also left. They move by the River road. I just learn that Ord and Ricketts are now passing on their way to Tennallytown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 15, 1864.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps, Poolesville, Md.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Hunter to inform you in reply to your communication of this date that Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan left here this morning with 7,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry. He crossed the Potomac at Berlin, and is moving upon Leesburg. He has instructions to open communication with you, if possible.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Poolesville, Md., July 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS:

You will please move by the River road to Edwards Ferry with the greatest practicable haste, where further orders will be sent you. Send forward a staff officer to this place as soon as possible to report your present position, at what time you will reach Edwards Ferry, what transportation you have, the number of days of forage and rations, and the amount of ammunition in wagons, in addition to fifty rounds on the person. The general commanding proposes to move with what force he has here to-morrow morning to Leesburg. If this is decided upon, instructions will be sent down the River road from Edwards Ferry.

By command of Major-General Wright:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Ord.)

