
battery, and proceed by rail as far as you can toward Harper's Ferry. If you find the road cut, or obstructed by the enemy, you will disembark your command, and open communication to the Ferry. On arriving at that point you will turn over your troops to the officer commanding there, and return to this city. Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin will report at Point of Rocks to you with six troops of cavalry. His command will not be turned over at Harper's Ferry, but ordered to return to Washington. You will carry such officers of your staff with you as you shall deem necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

Colonel GAMBLE,

Commanding Camp Stoneman:

You will at once organized the dismounted cavalry of your command into one or two battalions, and arm and equip them as infantry, for temporary service at Harper's Ferry. This must be done at once, so that they can leave by to-morrow morning. Let requisitions for the necessary arms, equipments, and ammunition, and teams to bring them, be sent at once.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,July 4, 1864-11 p. m.

Colonel GAMBLE,

Commanding Division:

COLONEL: I am instructed to impress upon your attention the urgent necessity that the battalions of dismounted cavalry be at the railroad depot promptly at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, prepared to take the cars. If it be possible to get them there before that time endeavor to do so, notifying these headquarters in time, in order that earlier transportation may be provided. Please send report to these headquarters at daylight, as to the progress made in preparation, by the orderly who carries this dispatch.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLENDENIN,

Commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that telegraph is communication has been cut between this city and Harper's Ferry, and that it is necessary to ascertain by whom.

