
WASHINGTON, July 15, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General ORD,

Tennallytown, D. C.:

General Grant has asked that you be sent to him for a command there. The Secretary of War directs that you report to General Grant at City Point. Direct the detachment of the Eighth Corps to join General Wright, and report to him for assignment.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 15, 1864.

(Received 12. 35 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have arrived here with four batteries of artillery of the Sixth Corps, having been ordered by Lieutenant-General Grant to report to Major-General Ord at this place. Shall I send my command to Washington on the transports or by rail, or shall I await orders here? The batteries are not yet disembarked.

J. A. TOMPKINS,

Major, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

HAVRE DE GRACE, July 15, 1864.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Commodore Stribling has called the marines to Philadelphia. General Wallace has sent for three companies of the Seventh Delaware to Baltimore, through Major Judd, at Wilmington. They will be sent to-morrow. The telegram reads two from this place and one from Conowingo, leaving here only the detachment of 100-days' men. The troops reported here with but thirty rounds of ammunition.

W. H. FRENCH,

U. S. Army.

COMMANDING'S OFFICE, NAVAL STATION,

Baltimore, July 15, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Four hundred men just arrived here were sent over to General Morris, whose note to me relative to them I herewith do myself the honor to transmit you. With your concurrence I will at once telegraph to the Secretary of the Navy, asking his permission to allow the whole 600 to return to New York by a large steamer I now retain here to await his reply. The two small steamers I sent to Gunpowder River are now out of provisions. Had they not better return here? I also propose recalling the gunboat from off the city of Annapolis, and also the gun-boat from Middle Branch, near Fort McHenry. I only wish to do what will accord with your views.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. A. DORNIN,

Commodore.

