
JULY 15, 1864. (Received 5. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram about the sailors received. They will be sent to New York at once.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 15, 1864.

Commodore DORNIN:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your favor of this date, I have the honor to say that the president of the Western Maryland Railroad Company sends information that large bodies of rebel cavalry this morning crossed his road near Finksburg a little village below Westminster, going northward and eastward. I infer from this that the enemy has design against the roads. In case Baltimore should be also in their contemplation, prudence suggests that your 400 men, just arrived, should be retained a little while longer. I have the honor, therefore, to request that your order them to be reported to Brigadier-General Lockwood, who will distribute them in the several works of the city. Also that the gun-boats you mention be furnished with supplies, and allowed to remain at the [points] they at present occupy.

Very respectfully, your friend and servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding Middle Department.

P. S. -The departure of Major-General Ord with the greater part of the effective troops makes the necessity upon which the requests above are predicated.

L. W.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVAL STATION,

Baltimore, July 15, 1864.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

U. S. Army,

Commanding Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the recipe of your letter of this date, and take pleasure in stating that I have given all the necessary orders to carry out all that you desired in said letter. I have sent additional supplies of provisions and arms to the gunboats in Gunpowder River, where there are now three boats well armed.

Very respectfully,

THOS. A. DORNIN,

Commodore.

JULY 15, 1864.

W. P. SMITH,

Esq., Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

There are several batteries here of the Sixth Corps to go to Washington. Did you receive orders for transportation this a. m.? If

