
You will, therefore, proceed without delay with six troops of your regiment (leaving one in quarters) by the shortest route to Point of Rocks, or its vicinity, and ascertain the enemy's position, force composition, and generally acquire any information concerning him which will be of interest. You will remain in that vicinity and report to Brigadier General A. P. Howe, who will proceed by rail to the same point July 5. Major Thompson, commanding on Upper Potomac, will communicate with you. You will carry three days' rations for men and horses (no hay), and will march without wagons. It is expected that you move this p. m. Report your departure at these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 4, 1864.

Major D. W. C. THOMPSON,

Commanding on Upper Potomac:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin will move this p. m. from this city, with six troops of his regiment, to Point of Rocks or vicinity, for the purpose of feeling and ascertaining the character of the enemy between the Monocacy and Harper's Ferry; and that Brigadier-General Howe will move by rail with troops for the same point July 5. He directs that you meet at the Monocacy Colonel Clendenin, with a squadron, and afford him all required facilities and assistance to Harper's Ferry. Be pleased to keep these headquarters informed of all which may transpire of interest.

I am, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-When General Howe moves to Harper's Ferry, you will return to your post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HASKIN'S DIVISION, Numbers 77. July 4, 1864.

1. The One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard will proceed at once to the Soldiers' Rest, Baltimore Depot, equipped for the field, with three days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition. The sick will be left under the charge of the acting assistant surgeon. One officer (least able to take the field) will be left to

turn over the property, &amp;c.

2. The quartermaster of the One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard will take care of the quartermaster's property of the One hundred and seventieth Regiment.

3. Battery I, Second U. S. Artillery, will relieve the two companies at Batteries Kemble and Vermont.

