
the Sixth Corps, the force with which I am moving on Leesburg. General Ord's command will not probably reach that point before all day to-morrow.

The necessity for supporting General Sullivan's movement renders it necessary to move in advance of a portion of the trains not yet up, but I think they will be sufficiently covered by the general movement and the small force left for their protection.

From the information gained here from Union citizens well acquainted with the country on the other side of the river I apprehend that it will be impossible to subsist to any extent on the country, with the exception of forage, everything having been pretty much swept off by the enemy. My headquarters will be at Leesburg to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, July 16, 1864

(Received 8. 35 a. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

I send this morning two complete batteries and part of a third to report to you. The remainder of the brigade will be sent as soon as the transport arrives.

J. A. TOMPKINS.

Major, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 239. Washington, July 16, 1864.

* * * *

24. The telegraphic order of July 12, 1864, from this office, directing Major Wickham Hoffman, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, to report in person, as soon as possible, to the commanding general Nineteenth Army Corps, in this city, is hereby confirmed.

* * * *

60. Major General A. McD. McCook, U. S. Volunteers, having been relieved from duty in the Department of Washington, has leave of absence to go to Ohio, until further orders.

* * * *

62. Major George G. Hastings, First U. S. Sharpshooters, is hereby relieved from temporary duty as aide-de-camp on the staff of Major-General McCook, U. S. Volunteers, and from duty as judge-advocate of the general court-martial, convened by Special Orders, Numbers 41, January 27, 1864, from this office, now in session in this city, and is assigned to duty as acting judge-advocate of the Army of the Potomac.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

