HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va,. July 16, 1864

Brigadier General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Forces in Loudoun Valley:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has sent to you 45,000 rations of hard bread and 30,000 rations of beef on the hoof. They are moving down on the north side of the river until they can find a practicable ford at which to cross.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILLSBOROUGH, July 16, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER:

GENERAL: I sent the cavalry out in different directions immediately upon my arrival here, and have laid still until I could learn something definite of the enemy's movements. Prisoners report, and from what the different parties that were sent out have observed, the enemy, or a large portion of them, are moving on the Snicker's Gap road. I shall move with two infantry brigades to Purcellville, while I have already sent one to Waterford to investigate the strength of a force of the enemy that was reported demonstrating there. The artillery and wagons arrived here about an hour ago. I wish you would hurry forward the rations with all possible dispatch, since nothing can be got in the country, as the enemy have stripped it of all provisions. I have not been able to communicate with General Wright yet. Cannonading was heard about Big Spring this morning at 9 or 10 o'clock. I suppose it must have been from General Wright.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL, Commanding Cavalry Division:

I have just been placed in command of all the forces that go to join General Wright in pursuit of the rebels. I shall leave one of my infantry brigades at Martinsburg, and wish you to remain at that place and take command of all the forces there. Send Colonel Powell with at least two of his regiments to join me at Hillsborough, if I am not the to follow after the command. I don't expect we will catch up with the enemy as they have so much the start, but in any event it is the present intention for the command to return to Martinsburg as soon as the chase is over.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF W. VIRGINIA,

Hillsborough, Va., July 16, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel A. I. ROOT,

Commanding Fifteenth New York Cavalry:

You will proceed with your regiment on the road to Leesburg, Va., for the purpose of making a demonstration on that place. You

