
will ascertain the position and strength of the enemy. You will ascertain also his movements, now making or intended. You will endeavor to ascertain the whereabouts of General Wright, and will send a party to communicate with him. You will avoid any serious engagement with the enemy, but will try to drive his pickets as close upon the main body as possible, in order to ascertain his force. Having accomplished this, you will report back with your command at these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CAV. DIV. DEPT. OF W. VA., Numbers 16. Snickersville, Va. July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, now present with his command, is hereby assigned to the command of all the detachments of cavalry belonging to the Second Cavalry Division. These will constitute a separate brigade.

By command of Brigadier General A. N. Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Poolesville, Md., July 16, 1864-7. 15 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

From dispatches received from Generals Howe and Sullivan, and copy of telegram from Colonel Chipman, I ascertain that General Sullivan is moving toward Leesburg with a force of 7,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry. My troops started at 5 a. m. to make a junction with him in the vicinity of Leesburg. The letter of instructions to you from the War Department, a copy of which was sent me, indicates that it is the intention that all your forces available for the field should be sent to join me. I, therefore, request that you will push them on in the general direction of Leesburg with all possible dispatch. My headquarters will be in the vicinity of that place to-night, and probably until my troops are concentrated. I hope to be able to establish signal communication with you to-day, although as yet I have not been able to do so, by means of officers of yours on Sugar Loaf.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 16, 1864-11. 15 a. m.

General L. WALLACE:

Rank's battery has been ordered, back to Baltimore. The Sixth Corps batteries cannot be detached. Dismounted cavalry can be retained and remounted.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

