
send Colonel Clendenin out on the Falls road to capture 1,000 horses said to be on that road and guarded by the rebels, and to request you to make report of the result of the expedition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. ROSS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 16, 1864

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Defenses of Baltimore:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding department to instruct you to send two companies of the Seventh Delaware Infantry to Fort Dix.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. ROSS.

Major and Aide-de-Camp

WILMINGTON, July 16, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE:

The Seventh Delaware Infantry is disposed of as follows: One company sent to Baltimore yesterday; five go down to-day with Lieutenant-Colonel Hounsfield. Two are at Conowingo bridge, one at Peach Bottom, and one here.

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army,

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Philadelphia, July 16, 1864.

Captain C. S. HALDEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report: About 10 p. m. on the 10th instant I received an order to send four companies of the One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to assist in guarding a portion of the line of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad. At 2 a. m. of the 11th instant Companies A, D, E, and I left for the depot at Broad and Prime streets, under command of Captain John H. Jack, Company A, One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, with the following orders:

The following named companies of the One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, properly officered, will proceed at once to assist temporarily in protecting the bridges upon the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad. Company A will be stationed at Havre de Grace for the protection of the depot and steam-boat, under advisement of the railroad agent stationed there. Company D will be sent to co-operate with any troops from other sources to protect the Bush River bridge. Company E will be sent to co-operate with any troops from other sources to protect Gunpowder River bridge. Company I will be sent to co-operate with any troops from other sources to protect Back River bridge. The officers commanding the above companies will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of their men, who shall not be suffered under any pretext to straggle or wander away from their posts. Should any attack be made by the enemy upon any of the bridges it will be sudden and unexpected; therefore the men will be required to be vigilant upon their posts at all times, whether by night or day.

