
In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 134, paragraph V, headquarters military commander, dated Philadelphia, July 9, 1864, convalescents from the different hospitals arrived so fast that on Monday, the 11th instant, it was found that the accommodations at these barracks were totally inadequate for the purpose of organizing, arming, and disposing of them, whereupon an order was issued to take possession of the buildings in Logan Square lately occupied by the Sanitary Commission. At 4 p. m. on July 12 twelve companies of 100 men each, fully armed, equipped and provided with forty rounds of ammunition per man, with five days' rations, were ready to move, but for want of the necessary transportation they were retained until 8. 30 a. m. July 13, when, in two battalions of six companies each, they were sent to Arch-street wharf, to be placed on board transport Manhattan. The First Battalion, under command of Colonel Woodward, Twenty-second Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, was composed of the following companies; First Company, Sergeant-Major Carter, Forty-third New York Volunteers; Second Company, Lieutenant Lancashire, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Seventh Company, Lieutenant Fox, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers; eighth Company, Captain Giller, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Ninth Company, Sergt. O. C. Squires, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers; Twelfth Company, Lieutenant Wannewetsch, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; and the Second Battalion composed of the following companies: Fifth Company, Lieutenant Simpson, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Tenth Company, Lieutenant Lytle, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Eleventh Company Captain Perkins, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Thirteenth Company, Lieutenant Carmichael, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers; Fifteenth Company Lieutenant Kelso, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Sixteenth Company, Captain Patrick, Eighty-second, Pennsylvania Volunteers; the whole under command of Colonel S. D. Oliphant, Veteran Reserve Corps.

At 5 p. m. July 13 five companies, fully armed, equipped, provided with forty rounds of ammunition per man, and furnished with five days' rations, were forwarded to go by rail to Washington, as follows under command of Captain August Volkhausen, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers; Third Company, Sergt. P. Savage, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers; Fourth Company, Sergt. G. F. McGee, I, Second Michigan Volunteers; Sixth Company, Sergt. Major C. E. Berry, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry; Seventeenth Company, Sergt. W. H. Forsyth, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Twentieth Company, Sergt. T. W. Hyde, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. At 7. 30 p. m. July 13 Lieutenant G. G. Leavenworth, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, was sent with a company (Eighteenth) of 110 men belonging to that arm of the service fully armed, equipped, and rationed. At 4. 30 p. m. July 14, three companies of 100 men each, fully armed, equipped, and rationed, and 204 unarmed cavalrymen, under command of Captain Wood, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers were sent to take cars at Broad and Prime streets depot, as follows: Twenty-first Company, Sergt. James B. Oliver, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Twenty-second Company Sergt. Martin Ryan, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers; Twenty-third Company, Sergt. C. W. Miller, One hundred and forty-first

