
Pennsylvania Volunteers; Nineteenth Company (unarmed cavalry), Lieutenant Ingersoll, First Michigan Cavalry. At 6 p. m. July 14 200 men, not capable of bearing arms, but fit to perform many other duties in trenches, were sent under command of Lieutenant John Banets, Sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. A number of men were returned to hospitals, being unfit to send. A report of these will be made as soon as lists can be prepared.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

H. A. FRINK,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

CITY POINT, VA., July 17, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

If Early stops in the Valley or before returning to Richmond, with a view of going north again, I do not believe he will go to Maryland, but will attempt to go through Western Virginia to Ohio, possibly taking Pittsburg by the way. I think Pennsylvania and Ohio ought to have their citizens organized for a sudden emergency. With the great number of discharged veterans now in the North this class of troops will be of great service in repelling invasion, or at least checking it. I think I will order back to Washington all regiments whose terms of service will expire before the 20th of August. This will give quite a force round which to rally new troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 17, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Your instructions in regard to the return of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, and the pursuit by General Hunter, have been transmitted to the latter and to General Wright. General Hunter reports only about 12,000 men for the field, and says: "I do not think the present force on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad more than one-third sufficient for its defense. " You will remember that the 100-days' men in West Virginia, at Washington and at Baltimore, begin to go out in about two weeks, and that neither of the Northern States furnished a single man under the President's call to defend Washington and Baltimore. Moreover, the regiments of the Reserve (or Invalid) Corps, called from the West to the defense of these places, must soon be returned to replace the 100-days' men now guarding depots and camps of prisoners of war. Dispatches received yesterday indicate preparations for an insurrection in Louisville and other parts of Kentucky. I ordered to Louisville two regiments from Nashville, which General Miller says is about one-half of his force. General Burbridge has been directed to give his particular attention to Louisville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

