
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 17, 1864

(Received 8. 45 a. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I again most earnestly request to be relieved from the command of this department. Your order, conveyed through General Halleck, has entirely destroyed my usefulness. When an officer is selected as the scapegoat to cover up the blunders of others, the best interests of the country require that he should at once be relieved from command.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Yours of this morning received. You misconceive. The order you complain of was only nominally mine, and was framed, by those who really made it, with no thought of making you a scapegoat. It seemed to be General Grant's wish that the forces under General Wright and those under you should join and drive at the enemy, under General Wright. Wright had the larger part of the force, but you had the rank. It was thought that you would prefer Crook's commanding your part to your serving in person under Wright. That is all of it. General Grant wishes you to remain in command of the department, and I do not wish to order otherwise.

A. LINCOLN.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 17, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 3. 05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Brigadier General George Crook was recommended for promotion, for meritorious conduct at the battles of South Mountain and Antietam, by Generals Cox, Burnside, and McClellan; by Generals Cox, Wright, and Rosecrans for services in West Virginia, and by Generals Thomas and Grant for services in the Army of the Cumberland. I consider him one of the best soldiers I have ever seen, and one of the most reliable and well-balanced of men. I think his capacity for usefulness is limited by his rank, and think that his promotion to a superior command would be of great advantage to the public service, and of very especial benefit in this department. I would earnestly request, therefore, that he be appointed a major-general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

July 17, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER, Harper's Ferry:

It would have given me great pleasure to promote General Crook long ago but the number of major-general was limited by law two

