
As for occupying all the gaps, so as to prevent the enemy getting between me and Washington, it was a perfect impossibility; I supposed you were fighting Lee before Richmond, and that it was all important that I should push on. I was not informed that I had any thing to do with the defense of Washington, and supposed General Halleck had made ample provision for this purpose. I hope, general, you will do me the justice to say that I have done my whole duty, and I beg that you will give me a command of some kind. If I am, not deemed worthy of a corps, give me a division, a brigade, or a regiment. I have tried to do my whole duty, and if I have failed, I am much mortified.

Sincerely, your friend.

D. HUNTER,

HARPER'S FERRY, July 17, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 10. 20 p. m.)

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

We have direct communication by signal with General Wright. He is encamped near Hamilton.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 17, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 12. 10 a. m. 18th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch* to General Wright of 11 a. m. to-day was received and sent forward immediately by two [sic] with sufficient escort to insure its prompt delivery. I also send it by signal. The duplicate dated 10. 30 p. m. will also be sent in the morning but I have no doubt of the prompt delivery of the first dispatch.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 128. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 17, 1864.

I. Captain F. G. Martindale, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, will proceed with the cavalry under his command to Charlestown, W. Va,. and burn the dwelling-house and outbuildings of Andrew Hunter, not permitting anything to be taken therefrom except the family.

II. Captain F. G. Martindale, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, will proceed with the cavalry under his command via Charlestown to Martinsburg, W. Va., and burn the dwelling-house and outbuildings of Charles J. Faulkner not to, permitting anything to be taken therefrom except the family.

III. Brigadier General W. W. Averell, U. S. Volunteers, will immediately proceed to Martinsburg, W. Va., and assume command at that place, keeping with him one brigade of General Crook's infantry and his own cavalry force. General Crook having been ordered out of the department, General Averell will hereafter report direct to

---------------

*See Halleck to Wright, 11 a. m. p. 368.

---------------

