
the commanding general of the department, and will keep him advised daily of the situation of affairs about Martinsburg. As soon as General Averell's command arrives at Martinsburg, he will proceed to Winchester and attack the enemy at that place if his force is considered sufficient.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Hunter:

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 17, 1864

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Commanding Troops in Loudoun County from Dept. of W. Va.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you pursue the enemy only as in your own judgment you deem best for the interest of the service. He leaves the matter entirely at your discretion, trusting to you to do that which the circumstances of the case render necessary. You may return in whatever direction you may deem best, either through Winchester to Martinsburg, or back to this point by the way in which you went.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 17, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Leesburg, Va.:

General Grant directs that you pursue the enemy only far enough to be certain that he is really in full retreat toward Richmond; then return here with the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps, directing Generals Crook and Sullivan to continue the pursuit cautiously under General Hunter's orders. The latter is ordered to resume command of all troops in his department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Clark's Gap, three miles beyond Leesburg,

July 17, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of to-day. I reached here late last evening, and during the night opened communication with General Crook, who, with Sullivan's division, Mulligan's brigade, and some 2,000 cavalry encamped at Purcellville, about six miles from this point. I at once instructed General Crook to follow up the enemy with his cavalry, supported by infantry, but as nothing has been heard from the detachment it is inferred that the enemy continued his retreat.

