
Moving rapidly I struck his rear guard of cavalry at Leesburg, but he retreated before the head of the infantry column got up, taking the direction of Snicker's Gap. The cavalry of General Crook's command, under General Duffie, more fortunate than the rest, struck the rear of the enemy on the Snickersville pike, capturing 117 mules and horses, 82 wagons and 62 prisoners, besides killing and wounding a good many. I have no doubt that the enemy is in full retreat for Richmond, but the cavalry reports, which can hardly fail to be received to-night, will settle the matter. He is represented as much demoralized, though this is doubtful as regards his old infantry force. The Third Division, Sixth Corps, reached here about 6 p. m., and the trains of the Nineteenth Corps are still coming in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

July 17, 1864.

The following movements are ordered for to-morrow:

1. Brigadier-General Crook with his command, will move at 4 a. m. on the Snickersville pike to Snickersville, and through Snicker's Gap.

2. Brigadier-General Ricketts, with the Sixth Corps, will move at the same hour over the same route.

3. Brigadier-General Emory, with his command, will move at the same hour to Clark's Gap and follow the other commands. The artillery and trains will move with the corps or independent command to which they belong, and whenever practicable the road will be given to them, the troops marching in the field. Colonel Lowell, commanding cavalry, will collect his force and cover the flanks and rear until the whole command has passed through the gap, when, leaving a small force to watch the gap, he will report, with his command, with all practicable haste to these headquarters. Instructions where the troops will encamp will be given to-morrow. Headquarters will be between the Sixth Corps and General Crook's command.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 1. Clark's Gap, Va., July 17, 1864.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, U. S. Volunteers, is temporarily assigned to the command of the Third Division, Sixth Corps.

III. Major Charles Mundee, assistant adjutant-general is assigned temporarily to duty as assistant adjutant-general of the Sixth Corps, and will report to Brigadier-General Ricketts, commanding.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

24 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

