
BALTIMORE, MD., July 4, 1864-12 m.

(Received 12.50 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, and

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

We have received the following dispatch from General Kelley, dated Cumberland, 9 p. m., 3rd, received this morning:

Your telegram just received. We are yet safe on west end. I have all of our stores loaded and moved west to a place of safety. It is rumored that there is a force on Lost River, moving toward Moorefield. This I do not regard as reliable I have sent a detachment with three iron-clad cars down the road as far as Sir John's Run, with orders to go to Cherry Run unless they get information at that point which would render it too hazardous. The trains west of this are running regularly. Cars have been sent to Parkersburg to bring forward troops from that point. I think you need feel no apprehension for the safety of road west of this, and I hope to save it west of Hancock.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Agent Ford telegraphs from Wheeling yesterday, received at 10.10 this morning: "No threatening of interruption west of Cumberland. Dispatched this afternoon (Sunday) four engines with stock and house cars for movement from Parkersburg east." This is undoubtedly a part of General Hunter's forces. We have directed the greatest possible dispatch to be given to all military movements from the west.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 4, 1864.

General HALLECK:

The following copy of telegram is respectfully furnished you by direction of the Secretary of War:

CAMDEN STANTON,

Baltimore, July 4, 1864-3.50 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The telegraph operator at Point of Rocks reports that the enemy has crossed the river half mile west of that point and ism driving our men. We are unable to learn what force, the operator having left. Have advised General Tyler at Monocacy and urged him to be vigilant and active, &amp;c. Operator at Frederick just advises that all wires west of that point have been cut.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

President.

Respectfully,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., July 4, 1864.

(Received 11.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The force attacking Point of Rocks at 1 this p. m. consisted of about 150 cavalry. Our mail train that left Baltimore this morning

