
CUMBERLAND, July 17, 1864

Brigadier-General-AVERELL,

Martinsburg:

The officer at Hancock reports Morgan south of Bath with a large force. Please give this matter your attention and learn at once, if possible, if there is any truth in this report.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 17, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL or COMMANDANT OF POST,

Martinsburg:

A scout just arrived at Hancock reports that Morgan, with a force of from 2,000 to 5,000 men, came through via Winchester yesterday, and was to-day moving toward Hancock or down the Sleepy Creek or Back Creek Valleys. I presume it is a canard; nevertheless, we should not disregard the report. I have sent the iron-clad cars to Hancock.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, July 17, 1864

(Received 6. 15 p. m.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Your dispatch is received. I received the information which it contains at Sir John's Run, but have been unable yet to confirm it. Have scouts out in every direction, and will inform you of anything important. Please hasten forward my trains and direct men to keep their arms in hand. I have only one regiment of cavalry here yet. Nothing from the east.

WM. W. AVERELL.

MARTINSBURG, July 17, 1864-11. 45 p. m.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

Since my arrival at this place my patrols have found strong pickets of the enemy on every road leading south. Skirmishing on the Winchester and Gerrardsdtown road occasioning 6 or 7 killed and wounded on each side, and resulting in bringing infantry to the support of rebel pickets. They seem to have advance their pickets since yesterday to within seven miles of this place. From all reports obtained there are from 3,000 to 5,000 of the enemy in Winchester. Imboden, Gordon and Morgan are mentioned as commanders. Some Tennessee troops are reported on the Winchester road, also 400 gathering supplies and conscripting south of Bath. I would suggest that you strengthen your guards from Sir John's Run eastward. Please hasten forward my division.

WM. W. AVERELL.

