
instant, I proceeded to collect and organize the convalescents from the different hospitals into companies of 100 men each, and forward them to Washington. The information received of the movements of the enemy was such as to render it proper that these troops should be fully armed, equipped, and provided with ammunition, which was speedily done, considering the difficulties encountered in consequence of there being no ammunition on hand at the arsenal to meet my sudden requisitions, and from having no troops here to guard the convalescents as they arrived at the place of rendezvous, and prevent their straggling and intemperance.

All the forces at my disposal having been sent forward on the 10th instant for the protection of the bridges on the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad, I herewith inclose the report* of Colonel H. A. Frink, provost-marshal, detailing the particulars as to how these organizations were formed, officered, when and where forwarded, from which it will appear that 2,014 convalescents were sent to Washington on the 13th and 14th instant, and of which number 1,610 were fully armed, &amp;c. On the 13th instant I also forwarded seven companies of the U. S. Colored Troops from Camp William Penn to Washington, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Louis Wagner, numbering over 500 men, fully armed and equipped, and supplied with ammunition and subsistence. A copy of my instructions to Colonel Wagner is herewith submitted, and also of my instructions to Colonel Frink, and special orders relating to this subject. +

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 18, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Considering the condition of the garrisons of Washington and Baltimore, I have determined to retain the two heavy artillery regiments of the Sixth Corps, unless you direct to otherwise.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 18, 1864-11. 45 p. m. (Received 2. 15 p. m. 19th).

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 10. 30 a. m. in regard to retaining the heavy artillery of Sixth Corps received. I had just ordered another regiment of this sort from here, but will suspend the order unless more than two regiments are required.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See p. 359.

+Omitted as of no present importance.

---------------

