
CITY POINT, VA., July 18, 1864-12 m.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Before the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps can get to Washington the enemy will have developed his intentions by stopping, if he thinks of returning to Maryland. In that case Hunter should stop at Winchester, keeping his cavalry as far out as he can, watching the movements of the enemy. If he has not the force to attack with he should not the enemy. If he has not the force to attack with he should not attack, but move forward only as the enemy moves back, and always be prepared to get north of the Potomac without loss when advanced upon by a superior force. If Louisville is in danger, Governor Morton will send 5,000 or 10,000 at once. Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are always ready to send that number of men. Louisville and Nashville must be well guarded. If the enemy have not gone up the Valley of course Hunter should not go that way. The idea is, he should be between the enemy and Washington, going as far out as he can, never allowing himself to be drawn into an unequal fight south of the Potomac and outside of our defenses.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 18, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

I have just learned from General Wright that he formed a junction yesterday at Purcellville with General Crook's command, and that their cavalry struck the enemy's rear near Snicker's Gap capturing a considerable number of wagons and mules, and taking about 60 prisoners. The pursuit will be continued to-day to verify enemy's retreat, after which Wright will return.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff

CITY POINT, VA., July 18, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

To prevent a recurrence of what has just taken place in Maryland I deem it absolutely necessary that the Departments of the Susquehanna, West Virginia, and Washington be merged into one department and one head, who shall absolutely control the whole. What are now departments will be districts or corps. The one commander will then control all troops that co-operate in any movement of the enemy toward Maryland or Pennsylvania. I should name Major General W. B. Franklin for such commander.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, July 18, 1864.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTONL,

I have just received the following report from our engineer at Harper's Ferry:

I called to see General Hunter this morning and asked him to send a force upon the line of our road between Harper's Ferry and Opequon, to enable us to relay the

