
at least one company of mounted men to each brigade. These heavy artillery regiments should have now 1,000 men for duty. There is reason to suppose they would receive from 300 to 500 men in addition during the course of two or three weeks from different sources. There is a large amount of work to be done outside the line of forts within range of the guns and a picket-line should be kept up throughout the line. There is little encouragement to teach 100-days' men the service of heavy guns, and they cannot be taught mechanical maneuvers in the time of their enlistment.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

M. D. HARDIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY'S DIVISION,Arlington, Va., July 18, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. GILE,

Commanding Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps:

COLONEL: The following telegram has just been received:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY:

General Augur directs that you send the Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps to report to Colonel Wisewell, Military Governor District of Columbia. Please notify these headquarters of its departure.

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

You will carry out the above order and notify these headquarters when the regiment moves, and the general commanding wishes that one regiment be retained on duty on Columbia pike.

By command of Brigadier-General De Russy:

THOS. THOMPSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that all has been quiet since last report. Nothing worthy of mention has been communicated from advance scouts now out. I am pained to inform you of the death of Captain Goodwin A. Stone, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, at Falls Church this morning at 3 o'clock, from the effects of a wound received at the disaster near Aldie July 6, 1864. For some weeks, while in command of the brigade, Captain (then Lieutenant) Stone was acting as assistant adjutant-general. In my intercourse with him during this time, and afterward, I learned to know his virtues and modest worth as a man, his high sense of honor and zeal as a soldier. I mourn his loss to the service and to his many friends, and regret that a life of usefulness has been thus cut short.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cav., Commanding Cav. Brigadier

