HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 18, 1864

Major JOHN I. YELLOTT,

First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade Infantry,

Commanding Officer, Frederick, Md.:

MAJOR: Your communication of this date, relating to persons in Frederick City, Md., having pointed out to the rebels during their recent raid, "the property of Union men, and otherwise manifesting their sympathy with the enemy," has been submitted to the major-general commanding the department. In reply, he directs that you given such information, and to send them with their families to this place, under suitable guard, that the males may be sent to the military prison at Wheeling, W. Va., and their families beyond our lines south. You will seize their houses, to be used for hospitals, Government offices, and store-houses, and for Government purposes generally.

Their furniture you will have sold at public auction for the benefit of Union citizens of the town, who are known to have suffered loss of property from information given by these persons. The major-general commanding further directs that all made secessionists in Frederick, with their families, must be sent here at once. You will make the same disposition of their houses and furniture of those who gave information as to the property of Union men.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. G. HALPINE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant E. C. WATKINS,

First N. Y. (Lincoln) Cav., A. A. A. G., Hagerstown, Md.:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Vernon, Cole's cavalry, has been ordered to Hagerstown to procure horses to mount his men. You will h ave turned over to him all horses suitable for cavalry. Then breaking entirely up the quartermaster's and commissary departments at Hagerstown, you will come to this point all the Government property, there directing Lieutenant-Colonel Vernon to assist you with his men, and to escort the property from there here when you are ready to move.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

July 18, 1864.

In taking command of the corps, the general commanding announces the following officers constituting his staff; Major Charles Mundee, assistant adjutant-general; Major Vredenburg, assistant

