
inspector-general; Surg. S. H. Allen, medical director; Captain A. J. Smith, assistant commissary of musters; Captain Prentiss, aide-de-camp; Captain Richards, aide-de-camp; Captain Morford, assistant quartermaster; Captain Buchanan, commissary of subsistence. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier-General Ricketts:

CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 18, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Martinsburg:

Your telegram of 11 p. m. last night received. Please keep General Hunter fully advised of enemy's movements. The iron-clads are at Hancock this a. m. ; report all quiet. Please investigate the reason why the telegraph line has not been opened to Harper's Ferry ere this. If necessary, I will send Frank Miller to open it. Your troops will be pushed on as rapidly as possible. Please keep me advised.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 18, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Martinsburg:

Your telegram just received. Please order two companies of the Thirty-fourth to Sleepy Creek, the balance to remain at Cherry Run for the present. Will you also direct the officer to keep the Back Creek and Sleepy Creek Valleys well scouted. The following telegram just received from Colonel Wilkinson; will you please forward it to General Hunter.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, July 18, 1864.

General KELLEY:

An intelligent refugee, a British subject, reached Beverly yesterday from Staunton; reports only fifty rebel soldiers at Staunton and saw none on the road. The railroad is repaired and running from Richmond to within four miles of Staunton. The rebels are gathering the grain east of Blue Ridge of Lee's army.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

MARTINSBURG, July 18, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

By direction of the major-general commanding I send one regiment of infantry, the Thirty-fourth Ohio, to Cherry Run, where it will be under your orders for the purpose of being distributed along the railroad at such points as you may see fit to put them.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

