
was fired into on its return from Harper's Ferry, but the engineman succeeded in escaping by backing, and that train is now at Sandy Hook. General Tyler reports Frederick to be threatened this p. m., and on account of the position of the enemy at Point of Rocks holds east of Monocacy the 470 artillerists without arms sent from Washington until they can be forwarded under suitable protection. Agent Ford reports enemy at Patterson's Creek and South Branch bridges, eight and sixteen miles, respectively, east of Cumberland. He states that at South Branch rebels are in considerable force, and are shelling the guard at that point. At Cumberland and Piedmont our forces are very limited, and attacks are now apprehended. Ford states that no portion of General Hunter's command has yet moved eastward. In view of the exigency, cannot General hunter be urged to move rapidly? A large supply of cars and engines has been sent to Parkersburg for this movement, but we fear no part has yet been loaded or even reached the road. It is now evident that General Hunter's men are absolutely required to strengthen the forces upon the line and to prevent a general abandonment of the road and the entire frontier. It is clear that if there be not a large rebel force they are being handled with great vigor and skill and to make such numerous attacks at points so distant.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

[JULY 4, 1864.-For Weber to Halleck (four dispatches), reporting approach of enemy, &amp;c., see Part I, pp. 184, 185.]

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1864-12.30 p. m.

(Received 11 a. m., 5th.)

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

The five batteries ordered from here last night will reach you to-day. Nothing is known here of General Sigel's movements. Everything should be prepared for the defense of your works, and the first man who proposes a surrender or retreats should be hung. As General Hunter's army was ordered several days ago to the line of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, with probably soon be in communication with General Sigel.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 4, 1864-12.30 p. m.

General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

I have been fighting the enemy since morning. They are advancing with cavalry and infantry. I will not evacuate Harper's Ferry until my means are exhausted.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

