
HANCOCK, July 18, 1864.

General B. F. KELLEY:

I arrived here this morning. Lay at Sir John's Run last night. Nothing new since yesterday morning.

P. B. PETRIE,

Commanding Iron-clads.

CUMBERLAND, July 18, 1864.

Captain PETRIE,

Hancock:

You will move down and communicate with the officer commanding the Thirty-fourth Ohio at Cherry Run and Sleepy Creek, and then move back to Hancock and report.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Do not move without first making arrangements.

HANCOCK, July 18, 1864.

(Received 9. 40 p. m.)

General KELLEY:

SIR: I have just returned from Cherry Run. No news. All quiet. I shall remain here until further orders.

P. B. PETRIE,

Captain, Commanding Iron-clads.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Leesburg, Va., July 18, 1864.

Major C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

A staff officer has just come in from the Goose Creek road, who informs me that he has seen nothing of my supply train; that he met a regimental quartermaster and five or six men, all, he thinks, belonging to the Sixth Corps or to Kenly's command, who have strayed from the road and were captured and paroled by the enemy. I have also a note from General McMillan, who is at Edwards Ferry with one regiment, saving that he had been ordered with his force immediately back to Washington, and should return to-night; cause not stated. The train is guarded by three companies, yet I feel some uneasiness about it, and respectfully suggest that if the general commanding can spare some cavalry to send a couple of squadrons on the Edwards Ferry road and a couple of squadrons on the White's Ford road to look after it. Early in the afternoon I sent staff officers on both roads for the same purpose, who have not yet returned.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Three companies of the Fifteenth Maine under Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, were detailed to act as a guard to this train, and were with it when it was last heard from.

