
given to the brigade commanders to procure lists of all citizens who rendered service, and copies of the lists will be furnished to the city government, as "rolls of honor" for future reference. Every thoughtful citizen will agree with me that the recent experience is a convincing argument in favor of continuing and perfecting the militia organizations. It will not be difficult to do so now, if the loyal zeal already shown continues. If the companies will continue their organization it will be my duty and pleasure to assist the civil authorities to arm and drill them, and form regiments and brigades so as to constitute the National Guard of Baltimore. If this be done, a future invasion will find Baltimore ready and sufficient for its own defense. I respectfully suggest that company commanders prepare rolls of their officers and men, and report at these headquarters on Wednesday evening next at 7. 30 o'clock, to confer with the city authorities with a view to immediate regimental organizations.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major General, Commanding Middle Dept. Eighth Army Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 54. Baltimore, Md., July 18, 1864.

General Orders, Numbers 5., headquarters Eighth Army Corps, July 14, 1864, having been disapproved by the President of the United States, it is revoked by direction of the honorable Secretary of War. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph G. Crane will resume his duties as commissary of subsistence Eighth Army Corps. Captain J. H. Gilman is relieved as commissary of subsistence Eighth Army Corps, and will resume his former duties.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 178. Baltimore, July 18, 1864.

* * * *

7. Paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 1., headquarters Eighth Army Corps, July 12, 1864, having been disapproved by the President of the United States, it is revoked by order of the honorable Secretary of War. Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Bliss will resume his duties as quartermaster Eighth Army Corps. Captain C. W. Thomas is relieved from duty as quartermaster Eighth Army Corps, and will resume his former duties.

8. Company A, Second Regiment Delaware Cavalry (thirty-days' service), Captain Robert Milligan commanding, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to the command of Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, commanding Defenses of Baltimore.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

