HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 18, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding First Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Wallace to request you to return the Loudoun Rangers, Virginia Cavalry, to Harper's Ferry, to report to Major-General Hunter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 18, 1864.

Major-General CADWALADER,

Philadelphia:

The four companies you asked for to be returned to Philadelphia are on the road to you. Thanks for your assistance.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

FORT WORTHINGTON, DEFENSES OF BALTIMORE,

July 18, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM P. MAULSBY:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit a report of my command which was stationed at Point of Rocks July 4, 1864; On the morning of the 4th I received information that the rebel General Early was in Leesburg with a portion of his corps. Consequently I at once made use of the necessary caution to prevent being surprised. At 12 m. Mr. Mahlon James (a citizen of Loudoun County, Va., whose loyalty is undoubted) crossed the river and gave me information of the enemy advancing on my post in large force by way of Hayesville. This being the only means of my obtaining information of the movements and strength of the enemy, I accordingly made such preparations as my means at hand admitted of. At 1. 30 p. m. they (the rebels) appeared on the opposite shore from 300 to 400 strong-infantry, cavalry, with a section of artillery.

Major Rizer, Third Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, having fallen back to Monocacy Junction, and having myself received a telegram from Captain Burleigh, assistant adjutant-general, at Harper's Ferry, to the effect that if attacked by a superior force I should fall back on Harper's Ferry or Frederick, I waited until the passenger train had started back safe, then held a consultation with Captains Hardesty and Keyes, and at their advice fell back on the latter place,having made an orderly retreat. Upon my arrival I reported to Major John I. Yellott, who decided next day (Tuesday) that it was not advisable for my command to return to the Point. My command remained at Frederick until Thursday and participated in the fight at that place, every man having done his duty. I respectfully refer you to General Tyler and Colonel Gilpin. We were also in the battle of the Monocacy for eight hours, the command behaving in a highly creditable manner. Hoping that your decision of my conduct may be that I have done my duty, I have the honor to be,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT C. BAMFORD,

Captain Co. H, First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade.

