
the field or guard your depots and prisoners of war. But the circumstances have now most materially changed, and I am decidedly of opinion that a larger available force should be left in this vicinity.

It may be answered that re-enforcements can be sent in time from the James River, as was done in this case. This answer would be decisive, if we here, or you there, could always be apprised of the number and position of the raiders as well as the object upon which their march is directed. But this cannot be done without a superior cavalry force, which we have not got and are not likely to have. The country is so stripped of animals that it is hardly possible to supply demands in the field. If the enemy had crossed the Potomac below Harper's Ferry (and it is now fordable in many places), and had moved directly upon Washington or Baltimore, or if the arrival of the Sixth Corps had been delayed twenty-four hours, one or the other of these places, with their large depots of supplies, would have been in very considerable danger. Will it be safe to have this risk repeated? Is not Washington too important in a political as well as a military point of view to run any serious risk at all? I repeat that so long as Lee is able to make any larger detachments, Washington cannot be deemed safe without a larger and more available force in its vicinity.

What you say of establishing schools of instruction here, at Baltimore, and at Harper's Ferry, will be applicable when we get troops to be instructed. But we are now not receiving one-half as many as we are discharging. Volunteering has virtually ceased, and I do not anticipate much from the President's new call, which has the disadvantage of again postponing the draft for fifty days. Unless our Government and people will come square up to the adoption of an efficient and thorough draft we cannot supply the waste of our army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 19, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Department of Washington:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your communication of this date, that it is not practicable to furnish a working detail of 1,000 men on the Eastern Branch front. Brigadier-General Hardin, commanding division, has been instructed to employ as many men as can be taken from the garrisons, in the manner indicated by you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Washington Depot, July 19, 1864

The following extracts from letters of the Quartermaster-General, dated the 16th instant, relative to the continuation of the military

25 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

