
organizations of the employes of the Quartermaster's Department, are published for the information and guidance of the officers and employes of the depot:

The organization of the clerks, workmen, and laborers of the Quartermaster's Department will be kept up; and to make it more efficient a certain time should be devoted to drill at regular periods.

The officers should have letters of appointment from the Quartermaster-General, upon your nomination, unless the Secretary should consent to sing to appointments. This will be submitted to him. All persons employed by the department should wear the Quartermaster's Department badge, for which you will please make the necessary arrangements. Those who actually took the field during the late demonstrations against Washington should wear this badge of white metal upon a patch of red cloth, circular in shape, showing one-eighth or one-quarter inch around the edge of the badge. By devoting a little time to this matter, I am of the opinion that a force of 5,000 or 6,000 effective me for the aid of the garrison at Washington can be raised.

When tolerably familiar with the school of the soldier, they will be assembled in larger bodies and drilled occasionally by battalions and brigade. Those of the Quartermaster's Department should be organized into a brigade. The other Departments can probably furnish a second brigade, and the emulation between the two will have a good effect. Bugles, flags, and the necessary equipage for drill should be provided and placed in the armories. I prefer the bugle to the drum. Cooking equipage and shelter-tents for as large a body as can probably be made movable should also be stored at some central armory, to be carried to the field when needed in wagons; knapsacks and blankets will not be wanted.

The Quartermaster-General directs that the military organization of the depot employes into companies and regiments to form one brigade to be commanded by you (General D. H. Rucker) be made as soon as practicable. Each company will consist of captain, one first lieutenant, five sergeants, five corporals, and 100 privates. Each regiment will have one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, one adjutant (a lieutenant), one quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence (a lieutenant), one sergeant-major, one quartermaster's sergeant, and one commissary sergeant. If a sufficient number of musicians can be found among the men each company will be allowed two. Suitable persons for the field and staff officers of regiments and for line officers will be recommended to the Quartermaster-General. Their appointments will be subject to the revocation of the Quartermaster-General. The appointment of non-commissioned officers will be made as prescribed in the Army Regulations.

Colonels will be selected from the commissioned officers of the Army and volunteers on duty at the depot; lieutenant-colonels in the same manner; majors from clerks and superintendents, captains from the superintendents, overseers, and wagon-masters, and lieutenants and non-commissioned officers from the same. All employes whose services can practicably and without detriment to the public service be spared will attend daily drills. Instructions will be given in Casey's Infantry Tactics, commencing with the school of the soldier; especial attention being given to the manual of arms, and that the men be habituated to load and fire with facility and accuracy. In view of furnishing uniform clothing to the brigade, a list of the sizes with number of each size of the following-named articles will be made and forwarded to this office as soon as practicable, viz: Flannel sack-coats, trousers (foot), and forage caps. The clothing will not be issued until the question of such issue is decided by the Secretary of War, to whom it is to be submitted. Report the location of the armories, and what arrangements can be made for the preservation and care of the uniforms should they be issued for drill. The War Department will be requested to order an officer of the Adjutant-General's Department to report to the Quartermaster-General to act as adjutant and inspector of the whole organization.

The organization of the companies and regiments to form the brigade as directed by the Quartermaster-General is intrusted to Captain E. E. Camp, assistant quartermaster, to be assisted by Captain Charles H. Tompkins, assistant quartermaster. These officers will enter upon this duty immediately and complete the organization with as little delay as possible. A list of the names of the regimental and company officers will be sent to this office as soon as the regiments are organized, together with a complete return of each regiment showing its strength and organization. The points at

