HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 4, 1864-4.30 a. m.

W. P. SMITH,

Baltimore, Md.:

I have just received information from General Sigel that he is, with his troops from Leetown and Martinsburg, at Shepherdstown. General Sigel will cross the river to-night and march to Harper's Ferry. The enemy took possession of Martinsburg at 1 p. m. yesterday. The rebel cavalry is under command of Major-General Ransom. They are now reported to be marching on Williamsport. Our small force fought well, but were outflanked on every side. I regret to say that great damage will be done to the railroad.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber:

S. F. ADAMS,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

JULY 4, 1864.-1 p. m.

General MAX WEBER,

Harper's Ferry:

If you find it necessary to abandon Harper's Ferry, can you not fully cover and protect, from the Maryland Heights, the trestle-work from the bride a mile west? You are, doubtless, fully aware of the great importance of our bridge and this structure, in connection with an early repairing of the line. General Hunter's forces are moving east from Parkersburg. Four hundred and seventy infantry left Washington at 12 o'clock for Harper's Ferry. Has General Sigel arrived, or have you heard from him during the past few hours? With his large force, I judge the enemy can be driven entirely from the road, especially as you will this day have co-operative action from the west. Prompt movements will prevent destruction upon the line, and insure the safety of all parties by speedy communication with the forces west.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 4, 1864.

(Received 9.56 p. m.)

General MAX WEBER:

We are greatly obliged for your encouraging dispatch of this morning as to the whereabouts and movements of General Sigel. This, with the re-enforcements on their way to you, will, we hope, insure the safety of your position against any force they may bring to bear. As we are yet in hopes that the enemy are not in sufficient force to remain long on our road, or they cannot be spared from interior Virginia to remain, we would like to get the earliest information as to their retirement; and also the best advices at the first moment of the actual amount of injury they have done our road, in order that our preparations for its repair may be made and everything in readiness for its earliest possible restoration. Please tell the general that General Hunter's forces were ordered four days ago to move to his own vicinity. We also learn from Cumberland by

