
acquainted with the country it will be necessary for them to extend their reconnaissance into the adjacent State of Maryland in order that they make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the roads and general features of the country, to which I trust you will have no objection. At 11 p. m. on the evening of the 3rd instant Captain Hopkins, assistant quartermaster at Hagerstown, appeared at my headquarters, Chambersburg, at the head of a train of wagons, loose horses, mules, &amp;c., extending below Greencastle. About 150 of strays were gathered by my orders the next day. I consider that this officer shamefully abandoned his post and Government property, and have no words to express to you my indignation at his conduct. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia:

I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that the pickets at Williamsport and Falling Waters have been removed. I do not know by whose orders, and there are no soldiers on duty at any of the fords along the river. I think it is important to guard the fords from Williamsport to Harper's Ferry, not only to prevent smuggling, which is carried on extensively, but to prevent small parties of rebel cavalry from crossing the river in the night to steal horses and plunder on the Maryland shore. At present there is nothing to prevent their coming to this place and helping themselves to the horses in the Government corral. They can pass between our pickets at Duffield's and Kearneysville, and the latter place and Martinsburg, and come the entire distance without meeting a Union soldier. Fifty men would be sufficient to picket all the fords from Williamsport to Harper's Ferry. I would also suggest that a provost guard of twenty-five of thirty men, with a suitable officer for provost-marshal, be sent to this town. In the present excited condition of the inhabitants it is indispensable to preserve order. It is also necessary to have a guard for commissary and quartermaster stores, and at the corral.

Last evening a citizen from near Dam Numbers 4. reported the rebels crossing a column of cavalry and coming in this direction, and soon farmers came rushing in, leading horses and driving stock, on their way to Pennsylvania, and confirmed the report. I immediately sent Lieutenant Cafferty with three men to the point where they were said to be crossing, and another party to Williamsport, stationing vedettes on all the roads leading to town. I had great difficulty to prevent the store-keepers from running off their goods, so easily are they alarmed here. About midnight my scouting parties returned and reported that the alarm had been caused by a party of our own soldiers crossing the river at Dam Numbers 4. I have organized a party of about twenty-five mounted men from stragglers, under command of Lieutenant Cafferty, of the First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, who is here unfit for duty with his regiment, which is all the force now here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WATKINS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

