SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 130. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 19, 1864

* * * *

2. Captain H. A. Du Pont, Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, will at once return from Maryland with his battery and take position on Camp Hill within the works there.

* * * *

5. Lieutenant Colonel George W. F. Vernon, Cole's cavalry, will remain for the present at Hagerstown, Md., with his command, guarding the Government property at that place and picketing the fords of the Potomac River between Harper's Ferry, W. Va., and Williamsport, Md.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Hunter:

P. G. BIER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Harper's Ferry, July 19, 1864

Colonel HAYES,

Commanding Brigade of General Crook's Division:

COLONEL: General Crook notified me yesterday morning that he intended to move forward and attack the rebels at Snicker's Ferry, and the firing you heard was no doubt General Crook's attack upon the enemy yesterday evening, and I am very sorry that you did not move forward and assist in the attack as you were ordered, as you would have taken the enemy in flank, and in all probability have terminated the fight in our favor. Try immediately and open communication with General Crook and get orders from him. This you can do by sending forward an intelligent man who can ascertain whether the fight was in our favor or not. Your scouts must go forward and obtain information even if they are captured. General Averell will probably be sending out a force toward Snicker's Ferry this evening.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Forces, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

GENERAL: You will see by the inclosed communication* the state of affairs with General Crook. He no doubt attacked the enemy, as he expected, at Snicker's Ferry yesterday afternoon. Colonel Hayes with his brigade and a battery is now moving up the Shenandoah, and encamped last night within four or five miles of Snicker's Ferry. Perhaps by a prompt move in that direction you can render General Crook great assistance and capture a number of wagons.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

