
You must, however exercise your own good judgment in the mater, and do as you think best under the circumstances. You are authorized to bring the other regiment of General Crook's brigade from Cherry Run. You will notify General Kelley at once by telegraph that it has been taken away, and that I will replace it in a day or two by troops arriving. Colonel Hayes sent a regiment through Charlestown yesterday and found a very few of the rebels there.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPT., OFFICE, OF THE INSPECTOR-GENERAL,

Washington, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry, Dept. of West Virginia:

I have the honor to inclose you Special Orders, Numbers 227, assigning Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, to duty as special inspector of cavalry for the Department of West Virginia, and respectfully call your attention to the following observations intended for the guidance of the special inspectors in the performance of the duties to which they are assigned:

A special inspector of cavalry has been assigned to each department where large bodies of cavalry are serving.

The inspection report, hitherto in use, has been revised and made more particularly applicable to the cavalry service. Applications for blanks of the cavalry inspection report will be made to the Cavalry Bureau, which will supply them direct to the applicant, or through the special inspectors, as convenience may dictate. Careful, accurate and full inspections, of all cavalry organizations will be made once a month, and duplicate copies of reports of such inspections will be sent by brigade inspectors-general, one copy by the second of each month to the special inspector at department headquarters, and the other to the division inspector-general.

The special inspector will consolidate inspectors' reports received by them on a special form to be prepared and sent to them. The reports will name each regiment in the department, whether an inspection report be received from it or not. The special inspector will state whether he has received al the inspectors' reports or not, designating the delinquent inspectors. If a regiment has been ordered to another department or mustered out of service, it will be noted on the consolidated report. If a part of a regiment is serving in another department, it must be stated where it is serving. Consolidated reports will be prepared by the 5th of each month, and exhibited to the department commander in person, for his information and such remarks as he may see fit to place thereon, when they will be forwarded to Captain William R. Price, acting inspector-general, Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C.

Special inspectors of cavalry are expected to visit, if possible, each regiment in their departments at least once a month, and make an informal inspection, rendering themselves thoroughly conversant with the military bearing, discipline, and efficiency of officers and regiments. They will keep a record on these points which will be forwarded on their monthly report. In case of a scarcity of horses

