
cavalry inspectors will recommend the dismounting of the most inefficient regiment, entire, and the turning over their good horses to the best regiments, with a view to their being placed on duty as infantry, thereby avoiding the necessity of any dismounted camps. All inefficient officers will be reported that they may be recommended for rebuke or dismissal.

Under the direction of the department commander, special inspectors will establish one or more depots for the reception of unserviceable horses, and see that they are turned in before they get beyond recuperation, and forwarded to the permanent depots of the Cavalry Bureau, for care and attention. They will constantly communicate direct to the Cavalry Bureau, keeping it informed of the number of horses required, and the quickest mode of getting them to the respective departments. They will endeavor to correct all abuses to which cavalry is subject and abuses will be reported to them. They are expected to know as nearly as possible, the position of the different cavalry commands in their department and their proximity to forage, and deficiencies of forage will be reported to them, when they will communicate with the depot quartermaster to have such deficiency remedied. All requisitions for horses and ordnance stores for the cavalry service will be forwarded through the special inspectors to the department commander for approval, and preference will be shown those regiments which take the best care of their horses and arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. HARDIE

Colonel and Inspector-General U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Troops, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you release the citizens of Hedgesville now in custody at Martinsburg, only upon the condition that they pay to Mr. Coockus, of North Mountain Station, double the amount of property destroyed for him during the recent rebel raid. If the money is not paid at once their houses will be burned, and their families will be sent across our lines south. He also directs that you keep Mr. Andrew Hunter, of Charlestown, in safe custody, not permitting him to escape under any circumstances.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The general wishes you to order Captain Ellicott, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, in charge of scouts at these headquarters, to report here immediately. He is now in Martinsburg.

Very respectfully,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

