
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Snicker's Gap, July 19, 1864.

The following movements are announced for to-night; First, the teams will move at once under the directions of the acting chief quartermaster to Key's Ford, on the Shenandoah, in the vicinity of which they will be parked, and where they will remain until further orders. The brigade of General Kenly, now with the trains, will accompany them as a guard. A guide will be sent to General Kenly.

* * * *

Colonel Lowell, commanding cavalry, will at once send a small force to report to General Kenly, to move in advance of the train.

The above is a copy of the orders from headquarters of this army, and is communicated for the information of Brigadier-General Kenly.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory.

PETER FRENCH,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Clark's Gap, Va., July 19, 1864

Captain D. S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In obedience to the verbal order of the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to report that the cause of the delay in starting the division on its line of march yesterday morning was, that the commanding officer of the First Brigade did not receive or transmit the order of march in time. His delay in receiving the order was due to ill-informed and new orderlies; the delay in transmitting it to the same cause. One of the batteries of the division reports receiving the order at 3 a. m. the other at 3. 30 a. m. I inclose the reports of brigade commanders. The order left these headquarters at five minutes before 2 a. m. It was received here at 1. 30 a. m. The transmission of such orders will not again be left to orderlies when the time is so limited.

Very respectfully, I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Snicker's Gap, Va., July 19, 1864.

Captain BROACH,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Nineteenth Corps:

CAPTAIN: In answer to your order for an explanation of the causes of delay in moving from camp yesterday morning, I have the honor to state that I received the order to march from division headquarters at 3. 20 a. m. Seeing that the time for preparations was limited, I sent out the original order from division headquarters, not waiting to make a copy or order of my own. The night before I had had three orderlies report to me, who, knowing nothing of the organization of the brigades, were not suitable persons to send the order by,

