
especially in the night-time. I therefore called the sentinel in front of my tent and ordered him to take the circular I had received from your adjutant-general to the regimental commanders. He did so, but was unable to find the headquarters of the regiments readily, and he says the colonels delayed him a little in getting their candles lighted and in receipting. Seeing that the orderly did not return as promptly as I expected him to, I sent a staff officer out to notify the regiments. He found them all notified. Another cause of delay was the attempt of some of the regiments, or rather some individuals in all the regiments, to cook their breakfast instead of falling in. I have no means now of knowing the hour and minute each regiment was notified, but all were notified between 3. 30 and 4 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. BEAL,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT THIRD BRIGADE,July 19, 1864

Captain BROACH,

Asst. Adjt. General First Div., Nineteenth Army Corps:

SIR: The order for this day's march was received at 2. 30 a. m. and transmitted immediately.

Very respectfully

J. B. VAN PETTEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 179. Baltimore, July 19, 1864.

* * * *

6. Major Petherbridge, commanding detachment of mounted men of the civil forces, having been relieved from further duty and his command dismissed, the general commanding desires hereby to express his thanks for the efficient manner in which their duties have been performed, and the promptness and cheerfulness with which they obeyed all orders and responded to the call to aid the general when it was thought that the regular forces were inadequate to meet the emergency. The services rendered by Major Petherbridge's command will be inscribed in the annals of the Middle Department, and a list of the officers and men will be preserved.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 19, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram of 18th instant received. Accept my thanks for your prompt assistance. Captain J. C. Hullinger, commanding detachment Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, has just been ordered to march to Waynesborough via Emmitsburg. He arrived here on Saturday evening. Had orders to go to Gunpowder bridge, but I detained him.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

