
WASHINGTON, July 1, 1864-1.30 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

On the 28th [29th] I telegraphed to General Hunter, granting his request to visit Washington, and directing him in the meanwhile to telegraph to you about his operations. Since then I have heard nothing of him, the line west of Harper's Ferry having been broken by rebel raids. I telegraphed him to-day that you wished to consult with him at your headquarters. As you are aware, all batteries here were dismounted and put in the forts, to replace in part the heavy regiments, and their horses sent to the front. I have remounted three and sent them forward, and will remount five move by taking horses from the quartermaster's teams. This leaves very little in the forts, except militia, who are not sufficiently instructed to work the guns. There are conflicting reports about the rebel forces in the Shenandoah Valley. Some say that Breckinridge and Pickett are following the cavalry, which has just made a raid on the. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, while others say they are not in the Valley at all. It certainly would be good policy for them (while Hunter's army is on the Kanawha) to destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and make a raid in Maryland and Pennsylvania. Sigel has very little besides militia at Harper's Ferry and on the railroad, and, by sending away the artillery, we shall have nothing left here with which to re-enforce him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 225. Washington, July 1, 1864.

* * *

54. Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, is hereby relieve from mustering and disbursing duty in the State of Ohio, and detailed for duty as acting inspector-general of cavalry for the Department of West Virginia, and will report by better, without delay, to the chief of the Cavalry Bureau for instructions.

* * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Charleston, W. Va., July 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Loup Creek:

GENERAL: You will bring you command on to Camp Piatt, with as little delay as possible, where it will embark on board steamers for Gallipolis, taking with them sufficient cooked rations for the journey. As soon as you get your command at Camp Piatt the major-general commanding would be glad if you would report in person to him at Charleston. Please acknowledge receipt of their order by telegram.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

