
way of Wheeling, that no attack has been made on the road west of North Mountain, and the line is not threatened west, except that a force is reported on Lost River moving toward Moorefield. This, however, is not reliable. General Kelley sent a detachment from Cumberland, three iron-clad cars, down the road as far as Sir John's with orders to go to Cherry Run, unless they learned at Sir John's that it would be too hazardous. As I have special friends at Leetown who are valuable people on all accounts, I am anxious to learn what transpired there yesterday, and whether the houses or people, especially of Mr. Balch, were molested or injured in any way. Mr. Balch is well known to our officers as the staunchest Union man thereabouts, and they can tell all about him. Excuse me for troubling you with this. Sherman has flanked Johnston again, and latter has fallen back without much fighting. We now occupy Marrietta. Nothing important from Grant. No general movement as yet.

W. P. SMITH.

CAMDEN STATION, July 4, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

C. SMITH:

Every engine and car at or near Sandy Hook must be sent east at once. Enemy's cavalry may cross over and capture trains or injure track. Do this without a moment's delay. Answer quick what you have. Very important.

W. P. SMITH.

FORT DUNCAN, MD., July 4, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report a heavy column of dust on the road from Charlestown to Halltown, nearly the whole distance. A dispatch from the Stone Fort, just received, states that General Sigel's advance is two miles above in Pleasant Valley instead of on this side, as I reported before. My information this noon came via a German I sent out with others as a picket; this from the signal officer. Plenty of sharpshooters opposite this fort. My men have laid out seven of them, and I have had none hit so far. Am I not throwing away ammunition? We have not seen anything worthy a 30-pound shell so far top-day, though I think and know we have killed some. I have ordered three guns of Furst's battery to the left of Battery Sullivan to assist in covering the ford above pontoon bridge. If you evacuate, can you destroy the railroad bridge and take up the pontoon? If not, send me word, and I will open on them from Sullivan and Furst's batteries. Four of Miner's guns (3-inch) are in epaulement half way to foot of mountain, on the line of rifle-pits, and covering Sharpsburg road. The other two are to the right of Battery Sullivan, firing occasionally above Bolivar. Will it do to throw shell into or over Bolivar? The d-d town is full of rebels.

I am, captain, respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. F. MERRIAM,

Fifth New York Artillery and Chief of Artillery.

