
at Berryville in force, with probably the greater part of the troops he had in Maryland. Gordon's division had a fight with General Crooks' forces at Snicker's Ferry on the 18th instant (Monday) and drove them back across the Shenandoah at that place. The rebel loss stated at 600. He says they sent some of their trains from Leesburg directly south, probably to Gordonsville, but that they have large trains with them. It is the common talk among the soldiers that they are to be re-enforced by A. P. Hill's corps, and expect to return to Maryland. The boy was taken near Baltimore, and accompanied the rebel troops to Leesburg and thence not the Valley. At Berryville he had the liberty of the camp, and was permitted to return home. The boy's statements in regard to numbers, names of military commanders, &amp;c., are confused and unsatisfactory, but in regard to the main facts are positive, and are to some extent corroborated by other information.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 20, 1864-6. 30 p. m.

(Received 7. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On the morning of the 18th instant General Crook wrote, informing me that he was about to move on Winchester via Snicker's Gap. From signal officers on the heights and other reports, I have information that a sharp action took place at Snicker's Ferry on the 18th instant. Since that date I have not heard from General Crook, and have failed in my endeavors to communicate with him. Have you heard anything from him at Washington?

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 20, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

A dispatch is just received informing me that Wright and Crook have formed a junction at Snicker's Ferry; have crossed the Shenandoah, and are driving the enemy with every prospect of capturing his whole train.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 20, 1864.

Colonel HAYES,

Commanding 1st. Brigadier 2nd Infty. Div., near Key's Ferry, W. Va.:

COLONEL: You will proceed as soon as you receive your supplies of ammunition to Charlestown, from which place you will try and open communication with General Averell. You will select a strong position in or near Charlestown and fortify yourself as rapidly as possible, taking possession of such stone and brick houses as you may find convenient to form strong points in your lines. A small

26 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

