
detachment of cavalry will be ordered to report to you, and you will keep me constantly advised of your situation and the news you hear from the surrounding country. Lieutenant Meigs, chief engineer of the department, will accompany your expedition.

Respectfully,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KEY'S FORD, July 20, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER:

Heavy commanding is again reported at or near Snicker's Ford. It has now ceased. My teams are now in Harper's Ferry getting forage and ammunition. I have no axes or spades. Would it not answer for me to draw a mile or two nearer Harper's Ferry to-night, hoping to get news from General Crook and go out provided with tools in the morning to Charlestown. I would get there rather late to-night to select and fortify a position. Excuse this shabby note.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 20, 1864.

Colonel R. B. HAYES,

Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Infty., Div., near Key's Ferry, W. Va.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he thinks you had better not fall back, but instead of doing so push on as soon as possible for Charlestown, as previously directed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTOWN, July 20, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER:

I am in receipt of an order to march on to Berryville to join General Crook there. Supposing it to be your wish, I shall move as directed by General Crook.

Very respectfully,

R. B . HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEAR WINCHESTER, July 20, 1864.

Colonel C. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Breckinridge divided his force at Berryville last night, sending Early to Winchester and taking the other divisions toward Millwood. I attacked and defeated Early in front of Winchester to-day, killing and wounding over 300 of his officers and men, capturing 4 cannon, several hundred small-arms, and about 200 prisoners. General Lilley is seriously wounded, in our hands;

