
Colonel Board, Fifty-eighth Virginia, killed. The cannon and prisoners have been sent to Martinsburg. The enemy's loss in officers is heavy. Prisoners admit their force to have been 5,000. The commands of Jackson and Imboden, which were present, are not included in the mentioned strength. The force under my command consisted of Colonel Duval's brigade of infantry, Ninth and Fourteenth Virginia, and Ninety-first and Thirty-fourth Ohio, and fragments of the First, Second, and Third Virginia Cavalry, just off the cars; total 2,350. The Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, while the battle was going on, drove the enemy's calvary from Berryville, capturing some prisoners. Our loss will reach 200 killed and wounded, none missing.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding U. S. Forces, on Martinsburg and Winchester Pike:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has heard nothing from General Crook since the morning of the 18th; He directs that you make every effort in your power to open communication with General Crook yourself, so that you may obtain any desired information direct from him.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 20, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Troops, on Winchester and Martinsburg Pike:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that Major-General Wright and Brigadier-General Crook have crossed the Shenandoah to-day at Snicker's Ferry, and expected to move as far as Berryville before camping for the night. They speak of striking the enemy at Winchester to-morrow. General Crook request that you move with all your available force to meet him. You will open communication with him as speedily as possible.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Snicker's Gap, Va., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General KENLY:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the trains be moved down the pike, following the troops which have been ordered to cross Snicker's Ford at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WHITELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

