HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, July 20, 1864.

Colonel THOMPSON,

Sixth West Virginia Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that you send a scout of fifty men, in command of a reliable officer, to go to Frankford and Springfield, thence on the Bloomery road as far east as he may deem best, returning through Romney, Mechanicsburg Gap, and Sheet's Mill to camp. The scout will be provided with two days' rations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA,Snicker's Gap, July 20, 1864.

Major General D. HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy are retreating i the direction of Winchester, and will probably make a stand at that place; and as we will be between the enemy and the railroad will you please order the Second Brigade of my division, nw at Martinburg, and as much of General Averell's cavalry as can be spared, to report to me. I would like to have Colonel Powell's brigade at least. I also need 150,000 rounds ammunition, caliber . 58; 40,000 carbine ammunition for Duffie's division, and 900 rounds for 3-inch guns. Will you please send it at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA,Snicker's Gap, July 20, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General DUFFIE,

Commanding Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that yu fall back to this gap and cross the river at this (Snicker's) ferry and follow up after the army. We will camp near Berryville to-night. I send you to-day ten wagons and five ambulances to bring off your wounded, which you will send by the river road to Harper's Ferry after crossing the river here; the ambulances to report back with the supply train of the Sixth Army Corps. General Wright has picketed the roads in rear of this gap.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. H. MOORE,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., July 20, 1864-2. 30 a. m.

[General DAVID HUNTER?:]

GENERAL: I left camp two miles this side of Winchester at 11 o'clock last night. We attacked the enemy yesterday at Bunker HILL. Owing to the difficulty of obtaining information, we had to proceed very care-

