
fully, but succeeded in driving the enemy back to within four miles of Winchester. Last night we withdrew seven miles this side. The enemy attacking us this morning at 7 a. m. in some force. We drove him steadily all day with but little loss until about 3 p. m., when we charged his whole line, carrying his battery and completely routing the enemy. On account of the lateness of the hour we were unable to make such disposition as would have made it safe to have again attacked him, as he had thrown his forces in the earth-works about the town. From prisoners and citizens we have been able to gain the following information: Early left Berryville last night and is this morning going toward Millwood. Two brigades of infantry with one division of cavalry left Berryville last night, traveling all night, arriving at Winchester this morning before daylight. The force sent up numbered about 5,600. The rebels are somewhat alarmed about getting out; think they are pretty hard used. If you have any force that can be spared from Harper's Ferry, would it not be well to send the force forward by way of Smithfield? We have a few at this place. All ambulances at the ferry should be forwarded at once to bring down the wounded; sixty will be here at 4 o'clock. I shall be ready to go to the front by 8 to-morrow. Please send by courier what you wish me to do.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JESSE F. WICKOFF,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Snicker's Ford, Va., July 20, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

GENERAL: I have just effected a crossing of the Shenandoah at this point, the enemy having fallen back. I shall send a train to-day to Harper's Ferry to obtain supplies, forage, subsistence, &amp;c. Please send by it, if you can, with all possible dispatch, 100,000 small rations (marching rations, no meats), 200,000 rounds small ammunition, caliber . 58 (Springfield rifle), 10,000 rounds, caliber . 54, and the balance of the wagons with oats or corn.

I shall move to-day to Berryville, perhaps farther, toward Winchester. The trains from Harper's Ferry will come to Berryville, unless and Harper's Ferry, I have to request that you will send all the troops you can spare, to report to General Crook, to swell my force, making it as large as possible to meet the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Snicker's Ferry, Va., July 20, 1864-8 a. m.

Brigadier-General Ricketts, commanding Sixth Corps, and Brigadier-General Emory, commanding Nineteenth Corps, will at once push their skirmishers across the river, the former at the town, the latter at the upper ford. If practicable they will immediately follow

