
report to Brigadier General E. B. Tyler at Relay House. Please report to these headquarters the hour they will be at Camden Station. You will include this regiment in yu tri-monthly report of the 20th July.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. ROSS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 21, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

You may retain Wright's command until the departure of Early is assured, or other forces are collected to make its presence no longer necessary. I have ordered another regiment of heavy artillery back to Washington, but they will not go while the Sixth and part of the Nineteenth Corps are there. I am now sending back all veterans whose term of service expires previous to the 25th of August. If Early has halted about Berryville, what is there to prevent Wright and Hunter from attacking him?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 31, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Barnard is ordered to report to you. Engineer officers have been sent several times to Baltimore to lay out the works. Some are there now. I think, from personal examination, that they are better located than the defenses of Washington. It appears that Early sent a small force south with his plunder, and massed the rest near Winchester. General Averell had a skirmish they're yesterday, and reports having killed and wounded over 300 rebels, taking 200 prisoners and 4 pieces of artillery. Nothing heard from wright for three days. When he received your orders he replied that he would return as soon as assured of rebel retreat. Your telegram about merging departments is in the hands of the Secretary of War. I have no good reason for removing or superseding General Augur. He is capable and efficient. General Franklin would not give satisfaction. The President ordered him to be tried for negligence and disobedience of orders when here before, but General McClellan assumed the responsibility of his repeated delays in obeying orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 21, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

There is no indication of any troops having been sent from here north. Deserters coming in daily indicate nearly every division of

