
wanted to supply your men has been sent this morning. One hundred thousand short rations have also been sent to General Wright. When General Wright's train arrives, fresh supplies will be forwarded.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 21, 1864-5 p. m.

General W. W. AVERELL:

General Crook, with his whole force, is at Snicker's Ferry. Early having retreated south via MIllwood, General Crook will move to Winchester early in the morning via Berryville.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 21, 1864.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, near Berryville, Va.:

GENERAL: Major-General Hunter directs me to inform you that your dispatch of yesterday was received. The ammunition wanted leaves here this morning, with 100,000 short rations, in the teams belonging to this post. As soon as your train arrives it will be sent forward to you with supplies with all possible dispatch.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

[P. G. BIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,Near Leesburg, Va., July 21, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that shortly after writing my dispatch of the 17th instant from Clark's Gap, I learned that the enemy had halted in the Valley of Virginia, and was holding the crossing of the Shenandoah in some force. I at once moved on Snicker's Gap (which we held with our cavalry), designing to cross the Shenandoah River, if practicable, and attack him. The attempt at crossing was resisted in strong force, and believing it better to turn his position, I designed dong so by way of Key's Gap, thus effecting a junction with some of the forces of General Hunter lower down the Valley. In the mean time a cavalry force was sent to Ashby's Gap, which effected a crossing of the river, but was finally driven back with some loss. This and other information induced me to defer the movement by way of Key's Gap, in the belief that a crossing might be effected where we were, and the enemy probably fought in detail. Preparations were accordingly made, and on pushing across on the morning of the 20th it was found the enemy had

