
retread during the night, taking the road to Front Royal and Strasburg. Conceiving the object of the expedition to be accomplished, I at once started back, as directed in your orders, and to-night shall encamp on the east side of Groose Creek, on the Leesburg pike. Two days' easy march will bring the command to Washington, crossing the Potomac at Chain Bridge.

Our losses at Snicker's Ferry will not exceed 200, while those of the enemy are reported by the inhabitants at 50 to 60 killed and 300 wounded. Our loss at Ashby's Gap was about 130; that of the enemy not known. I will make a more detailed report on reaching Washington.

Both Early and Breckinridge were at Snicker's Ferry when we reached there. It was Early's intention, as expressed to the citizens, to hold the Valley and gather in the corps, and his rapid retreat southward occasioned them much surprise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

July 21, 1864.

The following movements of the command are ordered for to-morrow:

1. The trains, under the special direction of the acting chief quartermaster, will move at 4 a. m. by the Leesburgh and Alexandria turnpike, and park for the night after passing Difficult Run. The commander of the Sixth Corps will detail a division as a guard to the trains.

2. At 7 a. m ., or as soon after as the road is clear of the trains, the Sixth crops, taking the same road, will camp for the night in the vicinity of the trains.

3. The Nineteenth Corps will follow as soon as the road is clear, and camp for the night in the same vicinity. The cavalry under Colonel Lowell will be kept well out to the front, flanks, and rear, and endeavor to break up the guerrilla parties in the line of march. It is to be understood that after passing Dranesville the Leesburg and Alexandria turnpike, and not the pike to Georgetown, is to be followed.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

July 21, 1864.

The Third division is hereby detailed as guard for the trains to-morrow, as per orders from headquarters. As soon as the road is clear of the trains the First Division will move out, followed by the Second Division. The pickets will be withdrawn in time to join their commands for the march.

By order of Brigadier-General Ricketts:

CHAS. MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

