
IV. The First New York Veteran Cavalry is hereby assigned to the second Brigade of this division. The commanding officer of the detachment of that regiment now present with the division will report immediately with his command to Colonel Higgins, commanding Second Brigade.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General A. N. Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD, July 22, 1864-6 a. m.

Colonel C. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: About sundown the evening of the 20th, the enemy, re-enforced with one division, made some demonstrations upon the position from which he had been driven, but was easily checked. During the night of the 20th he fled from my front. My cavalry pursued to Middletown, skirmishing with his rear. Other detachments were sent to Berryville, White Post, Stony Point,and Cedar Creek. One detachment was sent in pursuit of the guerrilla McNeill, who turned westward from this place. Breckinridge and Early passed through Middletown yesterday morning in heavy force with a train of 600 wagons, going in the direction of Front Royal. The patrol to Berryville reported that General Crook had gone east of the Blue Ridge, probably in the direction of Ashby's Gap, and that Hayes' brigade marched from the vicinity of Snicker's Ferry, also in that direction, yesterday morning. I cannot understand the object of such a movement, not having sufficient information from that section. Had Generals Crook and Wright marched directly to Middletown we could have joined issue with the enemy there. At Winchester the surgeons were busy all day yesterday. Supplies arrived for the wounded, and the dead were buried. Among the rebel wounded are found members of fourteen different regiments and a battery. The last report received from cavalry which has returned, from all points to Middletown, is that nothing can be learned of the whereabouts or movements of General Crook. The enemy is retreating on all the roads leading to Front Royal and Strasburg.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 22, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Forces, near Winchester:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding direct me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, and to state that word has already been sent to you that General Crook would move this morning in the direction of Winchester, on the Winchester and Snicker's Ferry pike.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

