
accompany me. It will be some four hours' ride. I shall order the troops to camp to-morrow near Chain Bridge, unless I receive other instructions before leaving Washington. I am much obliged for the kind expression of willingness upon your own part and that of your command to remain with me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

Spring Hill, July 22, 1864.

This command will resume its march to-morrow in the following order:

The trains, under the direction of the acting chief quartermaster, will move at 4 a. m. on the Leesburg and Alexandria pike, leaving it at Peach Grove Post-Office, and moving through Lewinsville by Langley, cross the Potomac at Chain Bridge, and park on the opposite side. Brigadier-General Ricketts, commanding Sixth corps, will detail a division to guard the trains. The Sixth Corps, Brigadier-General Ricketts, and the Nineteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Emory, will follow the trains in the order named. After crossing the river, they will be encamped in the vicinity of Battery Vermont.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

July 22, 1864.

Upon arriving at Washington, corps commanders will cause estimates to be made of clothing, ammunition, and all supplies necessary for their commands for field service, and will take measures to have everything procured at once. In order that this may be done effectually and with all practicable dispatch, the regiments will be inspected by staff officers from the division and brigade headquarters, who will ascertain what is needed.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,July 22, 1864.

Colonel C. R. LOWELL, Jr.,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will please send a small force to Langley to wait there until to-morrow (when it can join you) and indicate to Lieutenant-Colonel Kent, of this staff, or any messenger from the War Department, the location of these headquarters to-night (just beyond Difficult Creek), and send a man as guide with such messenger, and an escort if necessary. The movement to-morrow, the trains starting at 4 a. m., will be: moving on the Alexandria road, turning

