
off at Peach Grove Post-Office, and moving through Lewinsville and Langley to Chain Bridge, where the infantry and trains will cross. You will dispose your force in the same manner as ordered for to-day, and will camp it on this side of the river upon reaching Chain bridge, reporting in person to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington, for further instructions. Please make your headquarters to-night in the vicinity of general headquarters and report the locality.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 22, 1864-5 p. m.

Colonel F. W. THOMPSON,

North Branch:

It is reported via New Creek that there is quite a force at or near Romney, composed of McNeill's, Harness', and other commands. Has your scout returned? If so did they learn anything to verify this report? You will, if your last scout has returned, send another of fifty men at once and ascertain if there is any truth in the report. you must caution the officer in command to be on the alert and not suffer himself to be picked up by McNeill.

Respectfully, yours,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 57. Baltimore, July 22, 1864.

All persons having in their possession horses, equipments, arms, tools, clothing, or other articles of Government property will immediately report and turn in the same to the provost-marshal Eighth Army Corps, corner of Camden and Eutaw streets. Purchases of such property from soldiers or others, who received them from the Government for the public service, are fraudulent and void. Persons found with any such articles in their possession will be liable to arrest. The provost-marshal will take possession of such property wherever found, and turn in the same to the depot quartermaster.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 22, 1864.

Mr. W. CRAWFORD,

Philadelphia and Wilmington Railroad:

Orders of War Department require all militia regiments to be stopped here. You will, therefore, notify all commanding officers to report here in person and send their men to the Soldiers' Rest.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

