SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 181. July 23, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel A. S. Follansbee, having reported at these headquarters, will proceed without delay to headquarters De Russy's division, near Fort Corcoran, VA., and be reported to Brigadier-General De Russy, commanding division, for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. So much of paragraph 2, Special Orders, Numbers 180, current series, from these headquarters, at attaches the tete-du-pont at Cabin Bridge and the bridge to the First Brigade, De Russy's division, is hereby amended to read Second Brigade, De Russy's division.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 23, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Are you able to take care of the enemy when he turns back upon you, as he probably will on finding that Wright has left?

A. LINCOLN.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 23, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 9. 50 a. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

My force is not strong enough to hold the enemy should he return upon us with his whole force. Our latest advices from the front, however, do not lead me to apprehend such a movement. General Crook has information, upon which he relies, that Early left his position at Berryville suddenly upon the arrival of a courier from Richmond with orders to fall back upon that place. News from Averell yesterday says he has pushed his cavalry to Front Royal and Strawsburg without hearing of the enemy. I will take care that no such movement of the enemy shall take us by surprise.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Grant.)

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 23, 1864-10 a. m.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Two plans for the disposal of my force in this department suggest themselves. I may follow the enemy up the Shenandoah Valley, devastation the country thoroughly, as directed, or I may occupy

