
Thoroughfare Gap in the Bull Run Mountain and Ashby's, Manassas, or Chester Gap in the Blue Ridge, holding my force ready to threaten or operate in any direction they may be needed. Which of these plans would best suit the views of the Government?

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 23, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

Can Battery H, First West Virginia Light Artillery, be spared from New Creek? General Hunter wishes you to send at once by special messenger what additional force you will need to protect the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Martinsburg.

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENLAND GAP, July 23, 1864.

(Received 1. 45 p. m.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

I have the honor to submit the following report of a scouting party just returned from within a few miles of Romney. The party learned from a Union lady, in whom they have confidence, that McNeill and Harness and other forces, supposed to be a part of Jones', were concentrating at or near Romney for the purpose of attacking at this point. The force is reported to consist of cavalry, artillery, and infantry. If you have any information relative to the report please transmit it to me at once. I also sent an infantry scout in the direction of Petersburg and Moorefield, which reports Scouts' [?] company near Petersburg. They learned fo no other force there, and could learn of no force at Moorefield. The party brought in two paries, who were charged with selling stock to the rebels. We are waiting testimony in this case. Whatever facts are developed will be promptly reported to you. I wills end another scout in the direction of Romney.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. STEVENSON,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

GREENLAND, July 23, 1864.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

I have just received the following from Colonel Stevenson:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report from a scout just sent out. One of my scouts has been sent back with the following information: "They learned from Mr. Baker, a good Union man, to whom the news came direct this morning, that there was a heavy force at Romney consisting fo McNeill, Jones, and Harness. " Please convey the information to General Kelley.

R. STEVENSON.

J. F. HOY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

