
ments passing through this city from the north or west, is hereby ordered to report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade.

* * * * * *

9. The Twentieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia, Colonel W. B. Thomas commanding, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders of the War Department, through Major C. c. Gilbert, superintendent volunteer recruiting service eastern division of Pennsylvania, is hereby ordered to report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, commanding Third Separate Brigade.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 24, 1864-12 noon.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

The rear of the Sixth Corps got into camp last night; they are being supplied and paid to-day. They will probably begin to embark to-night. Last telegram from Hunter in regard to enemy in the Shenandoah is forwarded.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 24, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 1 p. m. yesterday just received. I presume you had not yet received any dispatch directing the Sixth Corps to be returned here and the Nineteenth Corps retained. I would prefer keeping the Army of the Potomac together if possible, and if necessary send all the Nineteenth Corps to Washington. You can retain General Wright until I learn positively what has become of Early. I would prefer a complete smash-up of the enemy's roads about Gordonsville and Charlottesville to having the same force here. If Wright and Hunter can do this job, let them do it. Submit the matter to Wright for his views. If they get out to the railroad every rail ought to be destroyed from Gordonsville back toward Richmond and toward Orange Court-House for miles, and from Charlottesville toward Staunton and toward Lynchburg in the same way.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 24, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

General Wright, in accordance with your orders, was about to embark for City Point. I have directed him to await your further orders. I shall exercise no further discretion in this matter, but shall carry out such orders as you may give.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

