
CITY POINT, VA., July 24, 1864-11 a. m.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

How does the pursuit after the enemy sum up? Have they been compelled to drop any of their plunder, and have we killed, captured, and scattered any of their force to speak of? What news have you from Foster? We hear nothing from him except through the papers. All quiet here. A Richmond extra of yesterday claims great victory at Atlanta; capture of a great many prisoners; 22 pieces; killed large number, among whom was celebrated Yankee general McPherson, also Giles A. Smith and T. J. Wood; that Hardee was in Sherman's rear, and they expected that victory would be decisive. Sherman's dispatches of a day later, which, of course, you have seen, places the matter in a very different light, save the death of McPherson. We will make a move here about Tuesday, but which one of two that are in contemplation is not yet fixed upon; when it is I will dispatch you.

JNO. A RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 24, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

City Point, Va.:

The pursuit of Early, on the whole, has proved an egregious blunder, relieved only by Averell's success at Winchester, in which he captured 4 guns and some prisoners. Wright and Crook accomplished nothing, and Wright started back as soon as he got where he might have done something worth while. As it is, Early has got off with the whole of his plunder, and Hunter will hardly be able to break up the railroad beyond what cn be repaired in a short time. Had Wright remained in the Valley the combined forces might have made a sure campaign, at least against the railroad and the crops. We have no news from Foster, nor anything from Atlanta later than Van Duzer's dispatch of 11 p. m. of yesterday. Will you do me the kindness to let me know what is the matters with John Seitz, a baker from this city, who has been or is being tried at City Point for some offense, and to have the execution of the sentence suspended if it is in any way severe, at least for the present? Chapman and McIntosh have been made brigadier-generals. the general's previous recommendation had been mislaid and could not be found. McCandless has also been made a brigadier-general. Osterhasu has been made a major-general.

C. A. DANA.

WASHINGTON, July 24, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Grant telegraphs: "I would say for him (General Hunter) to take up such of the advanced positions suggested by him as in his judgment will best protect the line of the Potomac. "

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

