
WASHINGTON, July 24, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER:

Please send here for remounts all dismounted cavalry that belong to General Meade's and General Butler's command and the dismounted detachments sent from Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, July 24, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General A. P. Howe, commanding District of Harper's Ferry, who will please carry out the order of Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 24, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 10. 10 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The following statement is made by Colonel Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

On the evening of the 22nd instant Colonel Powell's brigade, of General Averell's division, engaged the enemy near Newtown, seven miles south of Winchester, on the Strasburg road, but after a stubborn fifth was compelled to return to Winchester, his ammunition having been exhausted. At daylight yesterday morning the enemy were reported advancing in force from Newtonw in the direction of Winchester. Major-General Crook who had arrived the evening before from snicker's Ferry was in readiness to receive him at the time of my departure, 9 a. m. A lieutenant from Winchester last evening reports that General Crook brought on an engagement at noon yesterday, driving the enemy as far as Middletown, seven miles beyond Newtown. The entire rebel force is reported in his front. He expect to resume the engagement this morning. His loss yesterday is estimated at 200 killed and wounded.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 24, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 10. 35 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Prisoners report the whole force which entered Maryland to be now in front of General Crook with instructions to hold the Shenandoah Valley till driven out. They are engaged harvesting the crops.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 24, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 11. 14 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Following just received from General Crook dated Winchester, 23d:

There are rumors that apparently have foundation that Longstreet is in the Valley. As yet I am not prepared to say how far this may be true.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

