
as well as Point Wool? Very important if it can be accomplish. You will recollect you successfully defended this point on a former occasion. I trust General Hunter's forces are rapidly getting in position east of Cumberland.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CUMBERLAND, July 4, 1864.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Esq.,

Baltimore:

The rebels attacked at South Branch this a. m. and destroyed the bridges. They are now reported at Patterson's Creek. I have a force of 200 or 300 men guarding North Branch, but I fear shall not be able to protect it. I fear the force of rebels large and the general destruction of road. I shall make the best defense here I can.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, July 4, 1864-11.30 p. m.

General B. F. KELLEY:

We have Willard's advices of South Branch. Shelling at 9 a. m. It is now 11 p. m. and no advices of any destruction to road at a single place, but enemy has appeared at many places from point of rocks to Patterson's. Sigel and Mulligan reported to have been fighting near Sharpsburg as late as 2 p. m., and guns on Maryland Heights firing late in p. m. Think the ferry evacuated, but Weber holding Heights. Mosby at Point of Rocks prevents Ferry from getting re-enforcements from east, with 150 cavalry. Hagerstown in a scare and enemy not far off. General Tyler holds Monocacy and no attack there. Some of Sigel's trains have passed Frederick. Hunter has been ordered to hurry east by our road, and our cars and engines must be sent to Parkersburg for him; 2,500 men are going toward Harper's Ferry from Washington to strengthen Tyler and Weber. We hope you will be able to hold them at bay with your block-houses, &amp;c., till Hunter comes up, as it is not thought they can be in force so far west. Let Willard see this. Wont you try to hurry up Hunter?

W. P. SMITH.

CUMBERLAND, July 4, 1864.

J. B. FORD, Esq.,

Wheeling:

The advance of the enemy came as far as Patterson's Creek and partially burned the bridge. Our forces drove them back from North Branch bridge; it is safe. Enemy retreating. I think we are all safe here and west. If I only had a force to pursue and punish him.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

