
JULY, 24, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

Please have any dismounted cavalry detachments here remounted immediately, so that surplus horses can be sent to Army of the Potomac. General Hunter has been directed to send in any he has at Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 24, 1864.

Major THOMAS WESTON, Eighteenth Massachusetts Vols.:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you report, with your command, to Brigadier-General De Russy, commanding division, headquarters near Fort Corcoran, Va. Upon presentation of this to Captain Camp, assistant quartermaster at Soldiers' Rest, you will be furnished with the necessary transportation.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major Sperry, commanding One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers.)
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, 8TH ARMY CORPS,Relay House, Md., July 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The instructions of the major-general in relation to the disposition of the Eleventh Maryland in guarding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad have been complied with, and three companies ordered to Monocacy Junction, three to Monrovia, and two to Mount Airy. the want of discipline and total ignorance of the ordinary duties of a soldier in this regiment, in my opinion, render them totally unfit for the duty assigned them, and I respectfully request that troops of some experience be sent me for the duty this regiment has been ordered to perform. One company of disciplined troops would surrender more efficient service than four companies of the Eleventh Maryland with their present losses discipline. I am of the opinion that the material is there to make soldiers, but they require constant and efficient attention for a time to make them of any sort of service to the Government. In their present condition they are an injury to the service. If they can be relived by experienced troops and stationed at the Relay House I will make an effort to put them in condition for duty, and venture the assertion that I can in a short time make a favorable change. But while serving in detachments as they are an effort would be useless. I feel it my duty to state that the force assigned me is entirely inadequate for the defense of the line under my command,and I respectfully request that additional troops be sent me as early as practicable. Efficient calvary are as essential as infantry to properly discharge the duties of this command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

