
to give verbally. I send this by Brigadier-General Rawlins, chief of staff, who will be able to give ore information of the situation here than I could give you in a letter.

Hoping that you will see this matter in the light I do, I have the honor of subscribing myself, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 25, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

(Received 2. 25 p. m., 26th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

If the enemy move back toward the Potomac he must be promptly met by Wright and all the force that can be collected. Dispatches being so long between here and Washington, orders must be given from there to meet pressing emergencies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 25, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

General RAWLINS:

I am privately informed from Wright that the force under General Crook in the Valley, which figures, in Hunter's opinion, as 8,000 effectives, is in reality not over 4,000; many of them being also a poor quality of troops. No men of Crook's own division are there. It looks as if they had not yet all left the Ohio River.

C. A. DANA.

CITY POINT, VA., July 25, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 2. 40 p. m. 26th.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

In former dispatches to you and General Rucker I stated that some of the transports in the Potomac could make a trip here with animals and forage and return in time to bring down the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps. There are very few now here. Events may make it necessary to have them here. General Grant directs me to state that he will not expects the troops now at or near Washington to return until further orders, and that most of the transports had better be sent here at once for use, if found necessary, in consequence of movements of the enemy toward your place.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 25, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

GENERAL: The portion of the Nineteenth Army Corps and the cavalry which have been recently serving with Major-General Wright will again report to that officer for orders.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

