SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION. Numbers 87. July 25, 1864.

1. The First Vermont Artillery, Colonel J. M. Warner commanding, having reported for duty with this command, is hereby assigned to the Second Brigade of this division.

2. Colonel J. M. Warner is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade of this division, and will relieve Colonel W. H. Hayward, One hundred and fiftieth Ohio National Guard.

3. Colonel J. M. C. Marble, One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard, is assigned to the command of the First Brigade in place of Colonel J. M. Warner, assigned to the command of the Second Brigade.

4. The Fourteenth Michigan Battery, now at Fort Slocum, will move without delay to Fort De Russy and relieve a company of the One hundred and fifty-first Ohio National Guard at that post. The commanding officer will report in person to Colonel Marble.

5. The company at Fort De Russy which is relieved by the Fourteenth Michigan Battery will move without delay to Fort Sumner and report to Major Knap.

6. The Thirteenth Michigan Battery, at Fort Stevens, will be in readiness to move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, July 26, to Fort Foote, Md., and will report to Captain Barton, commanding that post.

7. The brigade quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Hardin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. HARDIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., July 25, 1864.

Colonel HAYWARD,

Second Brigade:

I inclose orders placing Colonel Warner in command of the Second Brigade and moving the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Michigan Batteries* . This will leave your regiment and the First Vermont on that line. Colonel Warner will probably arrive with his regiment this afternoon; but in order to have those two batteries move promptly, you will please send them the orders and direct your quartermaster to furnish the necessary transportation. Instruct the commanding officer of Thirteenth Michigan Battery that he will move his company at 6 to-morrow morning to foot of Sixth-street wharf to take boat for Fort Foote, and your headquarters will furnish the transportation for their baggage, 7c., to that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding Camp Stoneman:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send all mounted cavalry in your camp, properly organized, to report for

---------------

*See ante.

---------------

