
duty to Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, near Georgetown, July 26, a. m., All cavalry officers fit for duty belonging to the Army of the Potomac in your command will be sent with this cavalry. The command should move from your camp between the hours of 2 and 3 a. m.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 25, 1864-1. 55 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. VA.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say that summary punishment, by drum-head court-martial, should be imposed upon those of your command who are guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WHEELING, W. VA., July 25, 1864.

(Received 7. 35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following dispatch just received from Brigadier-General Kelley, at Cumberland, Md.:

It is reported that a severe action was fought yesterday near Winchester between General Crook and General Early, and that Crook was defeated with great loss, and is retreating on Harper's Ferry. The wires ceased to work to Martinsburg about 12 o'clock. I am exceedingly apprehensive Early will turn his course west. If he does, I have no force with which to repel him. He may go to the Ohio River, destroying the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in his march.

Something should be promptly done. I have no communication with General Hunter.

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 25, 1864-3 a. m .

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Following just received from Crook:

BUNKER HILL, July 24, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER:

A very large force of the enemy attacked me to-day at Winchester. I fought them until they turned both of my flanks, when I fell back to this place. I shall make a stand here, as this is the only defensible place between Winchester with a small force. I will telegraph you at more length to-morrow.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

