
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 25, 1864-9 a. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Just received the following fro Crook, dated Bunker Hill, 6 a. m. 25th:

Picket skirmishing has commenced this morning. It is very rainy and disagreeable. I cannot tell yet what they will develop, but will keep you posted from time to time.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 25, 1864-12 noon.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Have just received the following from General Crook, dated Martinsburg, 11. 30 a. m. 25th:

The enemy seems to be following me in force with infantry and cavalry. I suppose they have been working around to my left and right both, as they drove back my cavalry sent out on both flanks. I can not retire to Harper's Ferry, as that would be a flank movement of eighteen miles, and they would have but little farther to go from Winchester than I would from here. I would have retired to Harper's Ferry yesterday, but the enemy were in too strong force on my left. The route is via Williamsport, with safety. I shall feel them here until they develop their strength.

I have ordered General Crook to cross the Potomac and fall back on Maryland Heights.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

CAMDEN STATION, July 25, 1864-12. 25 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Under advice of military authorities our trains east and west were held at Cumberland and Harper's Ferry last night. At 1. 41 this a. m. our Martinburg agent advised that the military are loading all their stores to send away. General Kelley states at 1. 30 a. m., in response to our inquiry, that "rumors are to the effect that the enemy are driving our troops back, and that they are now at Bunker Hill. " Statements are also made that the rebels, with new and additional troops, and in superior strength, attacked our forces at Winchester yesterday morning and were pressing them at the close of the day toward the Baltimore and Ohio road. I trust General Hunter has advised you promptly and fully, as the early reappearance of the enemy north of Winchester in sufficient strength for offensive operations may indicate serious designs.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 25, 1864-3. 05 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

The Department has received reports from General Hunter of the movement you mention. The contingency of return is not unexpected, and the forces at our disposal will be employed to meet it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

