
CAMDEN STANTON, July 25, 1864.

(Received 5. 55 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our agent at Harper's Ferry telegraphs at 4. 20 p. m. as follows:

I have just had a conversation with Major-General Hunter in regard to condition of affairs along the line of the road. The general informs me that General Crook has been driven out of Martinsburg, and has crossed over to Maryland at Williamsport, and that Martinsburg is now occupied by the enemy. The general advises that no train be run farther west than this place, and no trains to some east of Cumberland, and that it would be well to have all company's property in readiness to send off at the shortest notice from this place. The general has no knowledge of the enemy advancing on this post in force at present, but has ordered in case it should become necessary to evacuate Harper's Ferry, which I think will be done soon.

J. DONAHOO.

The usual disposition seems to prevail regarding Harper's Ferry. I trust unnecessary destruction of property will not be ordered. I learn from General Tyler that he has no cavalry but a few unreliable stragglers from General Hunter's department for scouting from the mouth of the Monocacy east, and from these stragglers he has had no recent report. Some force should be on duty in that territory, or surprise movements may be effected by the enemy. Clendenin's (Illinois) cavalry are now in Baltimore. It is reported that a large portion of General Hunter's forces were not in the movement on Winchester which has been repulsed.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 234. Washington, July 25, 1864.

I. Bvt. Major General George Crook, U. S. Volunteers, is specially assigned by the President to command in the Department of West Virginia, with the rank of brevet major-general.

II. By direction of the President, Bvt. Major General W. H. Emory, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty according to his brevet of major-general.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Crook has been fighting the enemy south of Bunker Hill, but I do not know the result as yet.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

