HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs, in accordance with instruction from headquarters of the army, that you report with your command to Major General H. G. Wright, U. S. Volunteers, for orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

July 25, 1864.

The Sixth and Nineteenth Corps (including Kenly's brigade) and the cavalry recently attached to this command will be immediately prepared for the field. Four day's subsistence from to-morrow morning on the person, and the usual supplies of forage and subsistence (eight days' of the latter) in the wagons will be procured. Fifty rounds of ammunition will be procured. Everything must be obtained between this and to-morrow morning. Three days' grain will be the limit of the forage of the cavalry. The artillery will be provided with ammunition and supplies in full. The necessity of all the troops being prepared to move at an early hour to-morrow morning is impressed upon all commanders and staff officers concerned. Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts will assume command of the Sixth Corps, and Brigadier General F. Wheaton of the Third Division of that corps.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., July 25, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 1 a. m. 26th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I am cut off again from General Hunter. You, of course, have been advised of the state of affairs at Martinsburg and vicinity. I am left with only four regiments (three of which are 100-days' men, their time expiring in about twenty days) to guard the military road and protect West Virginia and Western Maryland from Sleepy Creek to the Ohio River. Is there any force in Ohio or Indiana that can be sent me? I think that a force will be sent up this way to destroy the railroad and canal and public stores. I am sending west from here and New Creek all public property as fast as possible.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, Commanding:

May we ask your prompt advice as to whether or not our road is again at once threatened by enemy, so that we may arrange for saw-

