
ing our valuable properties from falling into their hands. It is now 12. 45 a. m. and I await your response in our telegraph office here with anxiety.

W. P. SMITH.

CUMBERLAND, July 25, 1864-3 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

Baltimore:

What steps have been taken to re-enforce General Hunter? Unless he is re-enforced promptly, so as to enable him to take the offensive, I fear the railroad west of Martinsburg will be destroyed as well as the canal. My force is so small and scattered I cannot protect these great works if the enemy are permitted to occupy the country in the vicinity of Harper's Ferry, Martinsburg, and Winchester without being pushed by our troops. I know of no force that can be sent me from the West. Please do all in your power to enable me to prevent the destruction of railroad and canal. We will remove public property and railroad equipment to a place fo safety.

Please answer.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, July 25, 1864.

(Received 10 p. m.)

General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland:

You have doubtless been advised of the repulse of General Crook at Martinsburg. I trust you will be enabled to protect the road as far east as Back Creek. There are now large forces available at Harper's Ferry, Washington, &amp;c., and I trust you will be fully able to protect that portion of the line which, with the road cut at Martinsburg, will now be under your control.

J. W. GARRETT.

CUMBERLAND, July 25, 1864-2 p. m.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling:

It is reported that a severe action was fought yesterday near Winchester between the forces of General Crook and General Early, and that Crook was defeated with great loss, and is retreating on harper's Ferry. The wires ceased to work to Martinsburg about 12 o'clock. I am exceedingly apprehensive Early will turn his course west. If he does, I have no force with which to repel him. He may go to the Ohio River, destroying the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in his march. Something should be promptly done. I have no communication with General Hunter. I wish you would communicate with the Secretary of War.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

