
approach of the enemy, I respectfully request that a sufficient force of reliable cavalry be sent me to properly scout the approach to my line. The picket-up cavalry, sent out under Captain McNulty some days since, have not yet returned, and I have apprehension that they have gone to General Hunter, leaving me entirely without means of obtaining information.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

General WALLACE:

Shall I order the First Delaware Cavalry to General Tyler?

Respectfully,

S. B. LAWRENCE.

[Second indorsement.]

Order Clendenin's (Eighth Illinois) cavalry to report to General Tyler at once.

LEW. WALLACE.

JULY 25, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Relay House:

Four companies of the First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers are ordered to report to you at once. Send six companies same regiment, under Major Keene, to the Monocacy and vicinity, where most needed at once, and make frequent reports of the movements of the enemy. Regiments are now coming by which I can speedily re-enforce you.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Third Separate Brigade, Baltimore, Md.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Wallace to request you to ascertain and report at once the effective strength of the guards at the bridges on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad over the Back, Bush, and Gunpowder Rivers; also, the disposition of the troops at Havre de Grace, and whether the instructions heretofore given from these headquarters in regard to keeping a company constantly on the boat are still observed. General Lockwood is also requested to present his views as to the property of strengthening the guards at the above-named places.

It is believed that the bridges at Bush and Gunpowder Rivers can better be guarded by the use of small row-boats, to patrol at night along and under the bridges. These boats can easily be procured at or near the places names, and you are hereby authorized to take possession of, say, two for each bridge. You will receipt for the boats and use them until further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

