SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT. 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 184. Baltimore, July 25, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. The One hundred and ninety-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia (100-days' service), Colonel J. E. Fisher, commanding, having reported at these headquarters, in obedience to orders of Major-General Couch, is hereby assigned to the Third Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, and will report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood.

4. The One hundred and ninety-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia (100-days' service), Colonel James Nagle commanding, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders of Major-General Couch, is hereby assigned to the Third Separate Brigade, Eighth Army Corps, and will report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood.

* * * * * *

9. Companies C, E, F, and K, First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, will be put en route at once to proceed to the Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and report to Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade. The quartermaster-s department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * * * *

11. Lieutenant Colonel D. R. Clendenin, commanding detachment Eighth Illinois Cavalry, is hereby ordered to proceed at once to the Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and report to Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade. The command will march with three days' rations and forage, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is charged with the execution of this order.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 26, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

General Rawlins arrived this morning. The President desires you to name, if you can, a time when it would be convenient for you to meet him in person at Fortress Monroe after Thursday morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., July 26, 1864-9 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I will meet the President at Fortresses Monroe at any time that will suit his convenience after about next Friday. I am commencing movements to-night from which I hope favorable results. They may have the effect of drawing the enemy back from Maryland. I am also sending the Nineteenth Corps and five or six veteran regiments of cavalry to Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

