HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 26, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding at Camp Stoneman:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that no detachments of mounted men, no mater what regiments they belong to, are to be detained at Camp Stoneman. You will, at once, send a picket of an officer and fifteen enlisted men to occupy Poolesville. A telegraph operator has been sent to that point, and it is necessary that communication be kept up on that portion of the line. This detachment must move at once.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 26, 1864.

Major WAITE,

Commanding Detach. Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Camp Relief:

You will proceed at once with that portion of your regiment in your command to Muddy Branch, Md, and relieve Major Thomson and his command from the duty of picketing the fords of the Potomac from the mouth of the Monocacy to Great Falls. You will send to these headquarters timely notice of the approach of the enemy to any of the fords, and take every precaution to prevent any of your detachments from being cut off. Your will also communicate to Major-General Wright, commanding U. S. forces in Maryland, any information concerning the enemy's movements that is likely to interest him. Leave in your camp sufficient of your convalescents and dismounted men to guard it. While your command is preparing to move, come yourself to my headquarters.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 26, 1864.

General DE RUSSY,

Commanding, &amp;c., near Fort Corcoran:

Send the heavy artillery regiments that reported to yu yesterday back to General Wright at once, for temporary service with him. In case General Wright's command has moved, when they reach Tennallytown, they will follow it on the Rockville road. Let them take with them such transportation as they brought, and also the ammunition.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this.

29 R R-VOL XXXVII, PT II

