HEADQUARTERS DE RUSSY'S DIVISION,Near Fort Corcoran, Va., July 26, 1864.

Colonel R. S. MACKENZIE,

Commanding Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery:

SIR: In obedience to instructions this morning received from Major General C. C. Augur, commanding Twenty-second Army Corps, you will at once proceed with your regiment to report to Major General H. G. Wright, commanding the Sixth Army Corps, now en route for Rockville, Md. The sick of your command will be left in the hospital of the First Brigade. Transportation will be supplied you by the assistant quartermaster of the First Brigade of this division, which you will see returned to this command as son as you reach the Sixth Corps. If, upon your arrival at Tennallytown, General Wright's command shall have marched, you will follow it on the Rockville road and overtake it as soon as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major Charles Burgess, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, Third Brigade.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 26, 1864.

Colonel HENRY M. LAZELLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Falls Church:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send cavalry scouts to Leesburg, Aldie, and that vicinity, to give notice of any movement of the enemy through the Blue Ridge. The scouts should be sufficient in number and of such a character as to make it impossible for the enemy to move in force, as indicated above, without detection.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Buffalo, Va., July 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the party sent to the Rapidan has returned. The officer in command reports having pushed forward to within one-half mile of the station at the crossing. The bridge is completed and cars are running to Culpeper Court-House, chiefly freight train hauling forage and stores. There are 200 cavalry at Culpeper and about three companies at the Rapidan Station. A scout of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry was captured. he reports the concentration of Ewell's corps immediately to the west of Manassas Gap; that supplies are sent them from Culpeper Court-House. Scouts have been sent out toward Blue Ridge in the direction of the gaps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth N. Y. Vol. Cav., Commanding Cav. Brigadier

