
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 26, 1864-1. 30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just received the following from General Crook, dated Martinsburg, 4 p. m. 25th:

From the appearance of the enemy's line yesterday at Winchester - its length, solidity, and freshness - I think that other troops than those engaged in the late raid have re-enforced Early. His infantry line was four miles in length, two ranks, with strong skirmish line in front. Prisoners report that Early has been re-enforced by Hill. Trains have gone toward Williamsport. Nothing left in Martinsburg. I have stayed here so late in order to make the enemy develop is force. He has stretched out his cavalry and opened his artillery. After holding him two hours his infantry has arrived and his batteries been increased. It is reported that the enemy are passing on our flanks, and it may be that I have risked a great deal in waiting here. I cannot put this in cipher, as no operator is present.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 26, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

(Received 1. 10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Following just received from Crook, dated Williamsport, 8 a. m. 26th:

I have the honor to report that I have crossed the river at this place this morning, and am moving toward Harper's Ferry, leaving the cavalry to picket the river.

I have directed Crook to take position in the gap of the South Mountain.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 26, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Wright's force has moved this morning on the Rockville pike, with orders to effect a junction with you at the Monocacy, Point of Rocks, South Mountain, Harper's Ferry, or such other point as you may direct. Telegrams to the Monocacy Station will probably reach him soonest. It is possible that the enemy will pass through the Blue Ridge, and endeavor to cross the Potomac between here and Harper's Ferry. In that case he should be met, if possible, at the crossing. In any event, General Grant's directions are that your forces cover Washington and Baltimore. It is most desirable that we have to send to General Grant as early and as reliable information as possible of the enemy's force.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

