
BALTIMORE, MD., July 26, 1864.

Major W. M. ESTE,

Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: You are hereby directed to proceed to the Bush and Gunpowder Rivers, on the Philadelphia and Wilmington Railroad, and assume command of the troops stationed at those points. You will confer with Brigadier-General Lockwood with a view to carrying out his views as to proper means to be adopted to defend the said bridges, and do your utmost to carry out his ideas. You will also confer with the officers in charge of the gun-boats stationed at the above-named places, and endeavor to adopt some plan of concert of action between the troops in event of an attack by the enemy. You will also confer with the railroad authorities and make all necessary arrangements as to running of trains, system of signals, &amp;c. You will remain in the vicinity of the above-named bridges until further orders, and make frequent reports to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 26, 1864-9. 35 p. m.

J. D. CAMERON, Esq., Harrisburg:

This Department has no information of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad being cut as yet; but the enemy have advanced and driven General Crook from Winchester back to Martinsburg, and thence across the Potomac. It is believed that they hold Martinsburg. The enemy is represented by General Crook to be in large force. Although their designs are not developed, every precaution should be used by your company to save its stock and equipments. Any reliable intelligence that may be received by the Department of the enemy's movements will be reported to you if the communications should be open.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., July 26, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

(Received 12. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I am informed that Averell's cavalry holds the Potomac in front of Hagerstown, and that General Hunter's infantry are concentrating in direction of Sharpsburg and Harper's Ferry. I do not know the numbers of enemy's force.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., July 26, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Requisitions are being made upon me for troops to serve with district provost-marshals. I have the honor to state that it is

