
WASHINGTON, July 27, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

No reports of enemy's movements since yesterday. A scout from the Rapidan says that the bridge at that place is completed, and cars running to Culpeper Court-House. Enemy's cavalry at culpeper and at the bridge. General Crook has gone to unite with Wright at South Mountain, or on the Monocacy, according as the enemy attempts to cross above or below Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,July 27, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

In addition to the batteries of field artillery which should be kept in readiness to move on the threatened point, I think it will be well to place in the forts some field pieces with ammunition, to bear upon the approaches when the enemy comes within short range. These guns can be worked by the same men who work the large guns, as both will not be equally effective at the same time. Consult General De Russy and Colonels Alexander and Haskin on this subject, and as to where the guns should be placed. This must not interfere with the organization of field batteries for use here or in the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Haskin, chief of Artillery, who, in consultation with General De Russy and Colonel Alexander, will determine the number and kind of guns which can be properly used to advantage, as indicated by the major-general and chief of staff. This having been determined, requisitions will be at once made.

By command of Major-General Augur:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. HARDIN,

Commanding Division, Twenty-second Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps will report for duty to you July 28, a. m.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

