
WASHINGTON, July 27, 1864-8. 30 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Please send any recent news you have - particularly as to movements of the enemy.

A. LINCOLN.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 27, 1864-10 a. m.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Early's force is still, we believe, near Winchester. We can hear nothing of the enemy east of the Blue Ridge. If you have any information of the enemy in that direction, please inform me. I have sent out in several directions for information, and will keep you posted. I have left Averell to protect the upper fords of the Potomac, but he needs infantry. Can it not be sent from Pennsylvania? In the present state of affairs, I think it much more important to make Washington and Baltimore perfectly secure than to attempt to interrupt the rebels in gathering their crops in the Valley. Is this the view of the Government?

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 27, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Cavalry scouts have been sent to Aldie, Clark's, and Thoroughfare Gaps to report any appearance of the enemy through the Blue Ridge. Anything heard from them will be sent to you. Pennsylvania and New York 100-days' men are entirely raw and unfit for the field. General Grant has directed that they be put in the lines at Washington and Baltimore for instruction. Possibly some of them may be able to take the field in a few days. Considerable re-enforcements for General Wright will be here in a couple of days. In the mean time it is desirable to make the enemy develop his strength and intentions as much as possible. General Heintzelman has sent two regiments to General Kelley at Cumberland for protection of railroads. You can communicate with General Kelley by telegraph through Baltimore.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 27, 1864-1 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Within the next seventeen days the time of eleven regiments of the 100-days' men in this department will expire. Prompt provision should at once be made to replace them.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

(Copy to Adjutant-General.)

