
Mulligan's and Thoburn's commands were at Cherry Run yesterday morning; also 200 of Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry off and gone toward Cumberland. Please order all of Cole's men and the balance of the First New York (Lincoln) to report to me by courier. Skirmishing at Williamsport an hour ago.

WM. W. AVERELL.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Hagerstown, Md., July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General A. N. DUFFIE,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will keep me informed of any movements of the enemy in your front, and of any information you may receive. In my front they are all skirmishing on the south bank of the Potomac, but without showing any serious intention to cross. There are reports that a body of the enemy have crossed at Cherry Run, but they are not confirmed as yet by the scouts which I have sent to that point. I will notify you as soon as I get certain information fo their movements.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Hagerstown, Md., July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery, may be ordered to be horsed, that it may be better fitted to serve with cavalry. There are two divisions of cavalry in this department, and until recently there have been two horse batteries to serve with them. By reason of expiration of their term of enlistment one battery has been discharged. Another battery should be horsed, and this battery is a permanent one, not likely to leave. Its organization would better repay the expense and trouble than any other.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Hagerstown, Md.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that you will at once send your ordnance officer to this place to procure the ammunition required for your command. You will send with him a sufficient number of troops to act as an escort for the train upon a sufficient number of troops to act as an escort for the train upon its return to you. Teams for conveying the ammunition will be furnished here.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

