HDQRS. DEPT OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth and Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that in addition to the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, three battalions of cavalry, organized from different regiments belonging to the Army of the Potomac, have marched to join you. The battalions are commanded, respectively, by Majors Darling and Briggs, Seventh Michigan Cavalry, and Major Fry, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, the whole, numbering 1,363 effective, commanded by Major Coe Durland, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Captain Leiper, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, has been directed to report in person to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Hyattstown, Md., July 27, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow at 5 a. m. to the Monocacy, where it will halt upon this side of the river, doubling up, and await instructions whether it shall remain there and camp or move on. The following will be the order of march: First, the detachment of Nineteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Dwight commanding; second, the Maryland brigade, General Kenly; third, the Sixth Corps, Brigadier-General Ricketts; fourth, the train.

Brigadier-General Ricketts will send a brigade as guard with the trains. Colonel Lowell will keep the cavalry in its present position, sending sufficient force to watch the fords of the Potomac below the Monocacy; also parties of observation along the latter river.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

July 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send to-night a force to the trains as guard, and to prevent teamsters from deserting and to assist the quartermasters in starting the trains promptly in the morning. This may be the same force which is to accompany the trains to-morrow or not, as you please. The Nineteenth Corps is two and a half miles from our headquarters, which are two miles from the town, so you can start in the morning at the hour indicated in the order and will not have to wait for the Nineteenth Corps to get out of the way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

