
be so, Wright and Crook will form a junction to-night at Harper's Ferry, with orders to cross and give battle. If the enemy crosses the river above Harper's Ferry, they are ordered to move against him by South Mountain; if the enemy crosses Blue Ridge, to cross below and meet him. General Hunter reports that he has only 8,500 men for the field, and that his cavalry and dismounted men are worthless. Experience has shown that new organizations of fragments of regiments are almost useless.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 28, 1864.

Colonel Ekin will send purchasers and inspectors to procure cavalry horses at Hagerstown and vicinity for General Hunter's command. It is important that this be done promptly, in order to supply General Hunter and get horses out of the way of rebel raids.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. HARDIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., July 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 27th instant, I have the honor to report, from my observation of the line yesterday, that the brush in front of Forts Sumner. Mansfield, and Reno has been nearly cleared, although more work should be done on that front. On Rock Creek and in front of Fort De Russy, and from Fort Slocum east to Fort Lincoln the brush is not cleared. A great amount of work remains to be done on that line. On account of the limited number of troops in this command it has been impossible to complete the work, although all my available force has been engaged on it. I most respectfully request 300 workmen, or as many as can be furnished, be sent at once to clear the brush now remaining, as above stated. The brush is from five to eight feet in height.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. HARDIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION, Numbers 89. July 28, 1864.

1. The Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Lieutenant Colonel H. G. Thomas commanding, having reported to these headquarters for assignment to duty in this command, is hereby assigned to the Second Brigade, and will report to Colonel Hayward, commanding, for assignment to the posts in this command. This regiment will move at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, July 29, and report as above.

By command of Brigadier-General Hardin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

