HDQRS. HARDIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., July 28, 1864.

Colonel HAYWARD,

Second Brigade:

I send your order assigning the Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps to Second Brigade. General Hardin desires that it shall be distributed as follows: Two companies at Fort Stevens, two companies at Fort Slocum (headquarters Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps), one company at Fort Totten, one company at Fort Slemmer, two companies at Fort Bunker Hill, one company at Fort Saratoga, one company at Fort Thayer, two companies at Fort Lincoln. No change will be made in the Ohio National Guard (One hundred and fiftieth), as this new regiment will require to be instructed by the companies of your regiment. You will direct that requisition be made for heavy artillery tactics, and that this regiment shall commence at once to learn the drill. Their morning report will be consolidated at regimental headquarters and sent to your headquarters, as is usually done, and all papers will come through brigade headquarters. General Hardin desires that you will detail a force to cut brush on Rock Creek, in front and to the left of Fort Stevens, about one-half a mile to the front. All the available force that can be spared from your brigade should be detailed for this purpose until the brush is cut.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps has been ordered to move at 5 a. m. to-morrow, and halt at Fort Stevens to receive orders from you. It will probably be there at about 7 a. m. I have directed the commanding officer to report to you.

POOLESVILLE, July 28, 1864-5. 10 p. m.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

Four companies of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry arrived here this p. m.

HENRY A. PEARSONS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Picket.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 28, 1864.

Captain PIERCE,

Commanding Detachment 8th Illinois Cav., on Upper Potomac:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you report for duty with your detachment to Major Waite, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, at Muddy Branch. The major-general commanding directs me to express his satisfaction with the manner in which you have performed the duty assigned to you.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

