
road to place all ordinary travel across it within the restrictions required by passes. At six different points west of this line, and from one to four miles beyond it, small dismounted parties are placed to intercept small bodies of guerrillas constantly lurking about it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cav., Commanding Brigadier

WASHINGTON, July 28, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Please keep me advised of the position and movements of your forces, as I wish to send forward the cavalry and part of the Nineteenth Corps, about to arrive here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 28, 1864-9. 30 a. m.

(Received 9. 45 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following is an extract from Averell's dispatch of yesterday's operations:

HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 27.

Word has been sent to me from Martinsburg that Early, Breckinridge, and Ransom were in the town this morning with 20,000 men. It was reported in the rebel camp that a column had gone toward Cumberland.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 28, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Wright and Crook should immediately unite at South Mountain, if the enemy has crossed or is crossing the river in force; at Harper's Ferry, if he remains in the Valley, or has moved toward Cumberland; at Knoxville or below, if he moves through the Blue Ridge. Wright's and Crook's cavalry, united, should be able to discover and report the enemy's movements. It is very probable that he will remain south of the river long enough to destroy the railroad, and to make a detachment against Cumberland. In that case your forces should be massed and thrown across the river to give him battle. If he retreats up the Valley, he should be promptly pursued, and I hope that this time Wright's forces will not be withdrawn. Our scouts have reported no enemy in force east of Blue Ridge. Directions should be telegraphed to Wright immediately, so that the junction may be formed to-night. Any delay may endanger Kelley.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

