
order yesterday at 3 p. m. on the Sharpsburg road, has just returned to camp. The captain reports that on his arrival at Sharpsburg he found 150 men of General Duffie's command at that point and picketing the fords; he then went to Mercersville, on the Williamsport road, and from thence to Bakersville; thence to within a half mile of Downsville, where he met the guides, sent by you to my headquarters last evening, on their way down to Sharpsburg, who reported to Captain McVicker that Captain Morgan, commanding squadron on picket at Downsville, had a picket at Falling Waters. The Ringgold Battalion are on picket at Dam Numbers 4. The officer in command of picket at Sharpsburg informed Captain McVicker that the enemy had been firing across the river during the day, and had driven our pickets into the rifle-pits. It is also reported that the enemy were moving up some artillery to the ford near Shepherdstown last evening. Citizens report that artillery cannot cross except at Williamsport and Shepherdstown fords. The enemy at Shepherdstown ford is said to be Harry Gilmor's battalion. The officer in command of picket at Sharpsburg and Shepherdstown fords will keep in advance of the enemy's movements. Captain McVicker left Sharpsburg at dark last evening.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

W. H. POWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF HARPER'S FERRY, Numbers 19. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 28, 1864.

* * * * *

4. The following batteries having reported at these headquarters, by order of General Crook, they will send their morning reports to General Max Weber, commanding Defenses of Harper's Ferry: Thirtieth New York Independent Battery, Lieutenant Carroline; First Ohio Independent Battery, Lieutenant Kirkland.

5. Captain Graham, Battery F, First West Virginia Artillery, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to orders from General Crook, will proceed with his battery to Maryland Heights and report to Major Merriam, Fifth New York Artillery, commanding Fort Duncan, under whose direction he will encamp near Captain Furst's battery.

By command of Brigadier-General Howe:

CH. HAMLIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 28, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Harper's Ferry:

Your telegram just received. All quiet yet. The iron-clads went as far east to-day as Back Creek, the bridge of which was destroyed yesterday. The enemy are reported by my scouts as being encamped in quite large force near Hedgesville, on the Martinsburg road. This may be true, as a force of 1,000 infantry destroyed Back Creek bridge. One of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania came in to-day; was wounded

