
at New Market in Sigel's fight, and has been in hospital there until last Friday; made his escape. He says no re-enforcements have passed down the Valley, but the rebels said A. P. Hill had gone down on the east side of the Blue Ridge, but it was not generally believed. The rebels are cutting and thrashing the wheat, pressing all the teams in the country, and hauling it off south. The people are in great distress, fearing starvation. I believe they are making this stand in order to secure the crops in the Valley. Why does General Wright not move on them? I advised you of the safety of Colonel Curtis.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

PAW PAW, July 28, 1864.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

General KELLEY:

Captain McKinney reports the enemy moving with artillery on South Branch from Romney. Full half of his command is sick. Shall I re-enforce from these headquarters?

I. STOUGH,

Colonel, Commanding.

HANCOCK, July 28, 1864.

General KELLEY:

There are about 100 of Hunter's men here. Been three days without rations, and are mostly unarmed. Will you please have rations sent?

C. J. HARRISON,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, July 28, 1864.

Colonel R. STEVENSON,

154th Ohio National Guard, Commanding New Creek:

The general commanding directs that you send at once one company of the Eleventh West Virginia Infantry on a scout via the Moorefield and Allegheny Junction, thence via Greenland to the path by which McNeill took away the cattle last year from the Allegheny Mountains (he is of the opinion that this path from the Allegheny Mountains is about five miles above Greenland), thence to the top of the mountain and along it north to the Junction. Mr. Hinkle, who bears this order, will be within consulting distance during the scout. He will explain the object of the expedition. If you have any good woodsmen in your command who are acquainted with this route two or three of them will accompany the scout. The scout will take with them five days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, and must rely on the country for beef.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

