
HEADQUARTERS,
Cumberland, July 28, 1864.

Captain GODWIN,

Fort Pendleton:

Yours of a late date was duly received. In consequence of the repulse of General Crook's forces near Winchester, I deemed it advisable to withdraw the force at Greenland Gap to strengthen New Creek. You will, therefore, exercise increased vigilance in watching the movements of the enemy. I will, however, send a company on a scout to Greenland to-morrow to return via top of Allegheny Mountains to the Junction. Mr. A. Hinkle informs me he came by your post the other day with some led horses and came through your blockade with them to New Creek. He came by the old Moorefield road, which is south of the pike, without any difficulty. It really seems strange that these roads cannot be blockaded so as to prevent travel through your lines. Hinkle says this road can be thoroughly blockaded about one mile east of Hendrickson's, at or near an old mill. Take a squad of men yourself and put these roads in such a condition that people cannot pass with led horses. Unless this is done you will have McNeill on you before you know it. All reports concur that he is making preparations to make a raid through and west of the Allegheny. I trust it will not be necessary for me to call your attention to this matter again.

Respectfully, yours,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Monocacy, near Frederick, Md., July 28, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have reached this point with my command, and have been instructed by General Hunter to await orders, unless induced to move by threatened movements of the enemy. Cavalry reports everything quiet on this side of the Potomac, and no movements of the enemy to be discovered on the other east of the Blue Ridge.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

July 28, 1864.

I. For the present this command will be made up of four organizations, viz: The Sixth Corps, Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts commanding; the troops from the Nineteenth Corps, Brigadier General William Dwight commanding; the Maryland brigade, Brigadier General J. R. Kenly commanding; the cavalry, Colonel C. R. Lowell commanding.

II. The following is announced as the staff of the major-general commanding; Colonel C. H. Tompkins, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel J. Ford Kent, assistant inspector-general; Major C. A. Whittier, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain C. H. Whittelsey, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Arthur McClellan, aide-de-camp; Captain R. F. Halsted, aide-de-camp; Captain T. L.

