
Haydn, aide-de-camp; Captain H. W. Farrar, aide-de-camp; Captain W. S. Franklin, commissary of musters; Surg. S. A. Holman, medical director; Surg. D. W. Bland, medical inspector; Captain S. H. Manning, acting chief quartermaster; Captain J. K. Scofield, acting chief commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant E. L. Halsted, signal officer; Lieutenant Colonel T. W. Hyde, provost-marshal. In addition to their duties at these headquarters, Captain Franklin will perform those of his department at headquarters Sixth Corps.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Monocacy Bridge, July 28, 1864.

Corps and independent commanders will put their troops in camp and vicinity of the positions now occupied by them. The guard now with the train will remain there. Measures will be taken to prevent the men crossing the river.

By command of Major General H. G. Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

July 28, 1864.

The command will move on receipt of this in the following order: First, Maryland brigade; second, Sixth Corps; third, Nineteenth Corps; fourth, trains.

The Maryland brigade and Sixth Corps will cross by the shortest route for infantry and artillery to the Frederick and Harper's Ferry turnpike, and thence to the neighborhood of Jefferson, where they will camp for the night. The Nineteenth Corps, followed by the trains, for which Brigadier-General Dwight will furnish a guard of at least a brigade, will cross at the first practicable ford above that at the Monocacy bridge, and, striking the Harper's Ferry turnpike, will follow the Sixth Corps, halting for the night in its rear. The cavalry, under Colonel Lowell, will continue in front and on the left flank.

By command of Major-General Wright:

R. F. HALSTED,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 205. In the Field, Va., July 28, 1864.

* * * * *

IX. Colonel N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, will immediately proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to Bvt. Major General W. H. Emory, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

