
make rolls of such companies, and report them when perfect to these headquarters. Each company must contain not less than sixty-four nor more than eighty-two members, exclusive of the non-commissioned officers, and the name and place of service or residence of each member must appear upon the rolls. The several companies, as part of the organization, will be permitted to elect their non-commissioned officers, inclusive of first sergeants. Experienced white officers will be appointed by Mayor Chapman. When sufficient rolls are reported, the companies will be organized into regiments by directions from these headquarters. Each regiment will be armed and equipped by orders from these headquarters. Blouses and caps will be provided by the city authorities. Companies will also be furnished with armories for purposes of drill and for the security of their arms. Such armories will be in charge of the police. Secession masters and employers must not interfere in this business. Prohibiting a negro from attending the drills or obeying regimental or company orders will be considered an interference.

2. The Eighth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia (100-days' service), Colonel B. F. Peach, jr., commanding, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders of Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff, is hereby assigned to the Third Separate Brigade, and will report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood.

* * * * *

9. One hundred and ninety-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia (100-days' service), Colonel H. Neff commanding, having reported to these headquarters, in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby assigned to the Third Separate Brigade, and will report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GUNPOWDER, July 28, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE:

If this road is in danger there should be at least one company at Magnolia Station. Company A, One hundred and fifty-ninth Ohio, armed as it is, would be better at Magnolia and another company take its place at the Gunpowder. Everything else is as well arranged as can be. My services here hardly necessary any longer. May I return?

WM. M. ESTE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GUNPOWDER BRIDGE, July 28, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Department:

Captain Marsh, Company A, One hundred and fifty-ninth Ohio National Guard, who arrived with his company last night, has absented himself without authority and gone to Havre de Grace, it is believed. I have telegraphed commanding officer there to search for, arrest, and send him to Colonel Woolley, provost-marshal. He seems to have been under influence of liquor; not to know what

