
Battery Smead. - There should be four field pieces added to this work; two of them to be placed in the battery on the left near Broach Branch.

Fort De Russy. - There should be six light pieces added to this work, to be placed in Battery Kingsbury, and in a battery now under construction, overlooking the bridge on Rock Creek.

Fort Stevens. - In case of threatened attack there should be two field batteries here (twelve pieces), one of them to be a mounted battery. These pieces are to arm the batteries between Rock Creek and Piney Branch, including Battery Sill.

Fort Slocum. - There should be six field pieces sent to this fort, to arm the batteries on the right and left of the fort.

Fort Totten. - The fort itself is sufficiently armed. The four light pieces are to arm the battery on the left. There ought to be two additional pieces to arm the battery on the right.

Fort Slemmer. - Four field guns are required to arm the batteries on the right and left.

Fort Bunker Hill. - There should be eight light pieces added to the armament of this work for the battery in front, and the batteries on the right and left.

Fort Saratoga. - There should be six light pieces added to this fort, to arm the batteries on the right and left.

The new redoubt (not named) between Fort Saratoga and Fort Thayer should be armed with four field pieces.

Fort Thayer ought to have four field pieces to arm the batteries between it and the railroad.

Fort Lincoln ought to have six additional field guns to arm the exterior batteries, beginning on the left at the railroad and ending on the right at Battery Jameson, on the Eastern Branch, making for the line north of the city, eighty-eight additional field guns.

Over the Eastern Branch. - The board to which allusion has been made had substituted field pieces for many of the barbette guns with which these forts had first been armed, and they are generally well supplied with small guns. Since that time, however, Fort Foote has been completed, and extensive additions have been made to Forts Stanton and Carroll. These being the most important works on this line, it seems proper that they should be sufficiently armed.

Fort Foote requires two 24-pounder flank defense howitzers, one 12-pounder mountain howitzer, four 12-pounder Napoleons.

Fort Stanton requires one 32-pounder howitzer, two 4 1/2-inch rifled guns, four 12-pounder howitzers, two 12-pounder Napoleons.

Fort Carroll requires one 32-pounder howitzer, two 30-pounder Parrotts, six 12-pounder howitzers, making for the line over the Eastern Branch twenty-five additional pieces.

SOUTH OF THE POTOMAC.

Forts Marcy and Ethan Allen. - There ought to be six field pieces added to the armament of each of these works, to be used in the adjacent batteries in case of threatened attack. Two additional (mounted) batteries should be sent to this position in case the enemy appears in force.

Fort C. F. Smith is sufficiently armed, but in case of a threatened attack the batteries on the north side of the river, flanking this work, should be armed, the north battery with two 10-pounder Parrotts, and the south battery with two Napoleon guns.

