
Fort Craig ought to have four long guns, 30-pounders, or 4 1/2-inch guns for the batteries on the right and left, and six Napoleon guns for the battery at the Columbia turnpike and the adjacent batteries on the right and left.

Fort Barnard requires two 12-pounder Napoleon for the exterior battery.

Fort Ward. - There should be added to this work twelve light guns. Four to guard the Leesburg turnpike north of the fort, and the remainder for the batteries toward Fort Worth.

Fort Williams ought to have eight additional light pieces to arm the batteries, who on the right and two on the left.

Fort Willard requires four additional field guns for the adjacent batteries to the right and left of the work.

Fort Jackson, at end of Long Bridge, ought to have two light guns, making for the line south of the Potomac fifty-four additional guns, and for all the works around the city 167 additional guns. It is not supposed that all of these guns can now be obtained. I propose, therefore, only to send requisitions for those which seem to be indispensable - say field guns.

For Fort Reno and Battery Russell, 10 guns; Fort De Russy, 6 guns; Fort Stevens, 6 guns; Fort Saratoga and the new redoubt, 6 guns; Fort Lincoln, 6 guns; Fort Stanton, 9 guns; Fort Carroll, 9 guns; Fort Foote, 7 guns; Forts Marcy and Ethan Allen, 6 guns; Fort Craig, 6 guns; Fort Ward, 6 guns; Fort Williams, 4 guns; Fort Willard, 2 guns; Fort Jackson, 2 guns; making 75 guns.

As the enemy cannot approach the city in all directions at the same time, it is hoped with due watchfulness that we may with the additional field guns now asked for so arm any point of attack as to hold the enemy in check until the city can be re-enforced with the necessary additional troops and batteries. In this conviction I cannot withhold the remark that our works are strong in themselves and strong in their armaments, but forts and cannon, even if Gibraltars, cannot of themselves defend a city against an enemy. In case the enemy attack us we will also require soldiers.

[C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT OF WASHINGTON,

TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Washington, D. C., July 29, 1864.

To do away with misapprehension on the subject of passes, the following is published for the information and guidance of all concerned. The officers named below are authorized to issue passes as herein limited:

Lieutenant Colonel H. H. Wells, provost-marshal-general, Defenses South of the Potomac, generally within the limits of his territorial jurisdiction, to officers and soldiers, with permits from their commanding general, and to citizens, to visit Washington and return; to grant permits to well known loyal citizens, resident outside our picket-lines, to come in for limited family supplies to Alexandria, and to pass out with them. His deputies at Fort Albany, Fort Ethan Allen, and Falls Church will do the same for the same class of persons in their vicinity. Those resident beyond the picket-line, who come to Washington, must have their passes of permits approved at

