
department headquarters. Neither Colonel Wells, nor his deputies, will grant passes or permits to persons living north of the Potomac.

Colonel M. N. Wisewell, provost-marshal-general Defenses North of the Potomac, generally within the limits of his territorial jurisdiction, to officers and soldiers, with permission of their commanding officer, and to citizens, to cross the Potomac and Eastern branch within limits of defenses and return. He will give no passes or permits to persons living south of the Potomac, the rule being that all persons are to obtain their passes and permits from the authorities on their side of the river.

Brigadier-General Slough and De Russy, the commanding officers of the cavalry brigade at Falls Church and Camp Stoneman, the commanding officers at Giesborough and the Rendezvous of Distribution, are authorized to grant passes to men in their commands to visit Washington and Alexandria and return. Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Greene, chief quartermaster of the department, can alone give passes to citizens to visit Freemen's Village and Mason's Island.

The chief quartermaster of this department, the quartermaster and commissary in charge of depots here and at Alexandria, can give passes to their employes while in the performance of their duties. All passes to visit the fortifications on either side of the river; to go beyond the lines, except in cases of resident citizens provided for above; to places on the river above and below the defenses, and for colored persons to leave the city, must be issued from these headquarters. A copy of this circular will be furnished to the guards on the different bridges and ferries within the department, and they are to be carefully instructed in its requirements.

By command of Major General C. C. Augur:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

POOLESVILLE, MD., July 29, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am here with 600 cavalry. My scouting parties are in all directions toward the river; one has just come in from Conrad's Ferry and below. No enemy has crossed or is known to be near the river at those places. Mosby was in Leesburg yesterday with 400 men and three cannon, and has probably moved up or down. I will let you know if anything of importance occurs. De Laney wounded; 2 men killed, 3 wounded, 7 or 8 prisoners, and about 25 horses and equipments captured.

J. M. WAITE,

Major Eighth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 29, 1864.

Major WAITE,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding desires that you collect your cavalry and afford such protection as you are able to any

