
Our advices generally state that the enemy is engaged in rapidly harvesting and removing the crops of the Shenandoah Valley. About thirty miles of the Baltimore and Ohio road, between Harper's Ferry and Back Creek, are now in full rebel possession, and the line is doubtless being seriously destroyed.

J. W. GARRETT.

WASHINGTON, July 29, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Scouts report that some of the enemy's cavalry and artillery have crossed the Potomac at Conrad's and Edwards Ferries, probably to operate in rear of Wright's trains. As no cavalry has yet arrived here, General Wright must look out for his trains.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 29, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Wright encamped last night at Jefferson, this side of the Catoctin Mountain. He was here with his advance by 11 a. m., and is now encamped with General Crook's near Halltown. Part of his train has passed here, and I have no doubt all is safe.

D. HUNTER.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 139. Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 20, 1863.

* * * * *

3. The battalion of Fifth New York Heavy Artillery, now serving in command of Brevet Major-General Crook, will be sent to Harper's Ferry to report to Brigadier General A. P. Howe, commanding district, &amp;c., another battalion of that regiment having been ordered to report to Brevet Major-General Crook in its stead.

* * * * *

8. Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, will proceed without delay with his command to Hagerstown, Md., and report to Brigadier General W. W. Averell, commanding Second Cavalry Division.

* * * * *

15. The dismounted men now at Harper's Ferry belonging to the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, the First Virginia Cavalry, and the Second and Third Virginia Cavalry, with such officers of these regiments as may be serving with them, will report to Colonel J. M. Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, that they may be sent to Brigadier-General Averell, commanding division at Hagerstown, the regiments named now serving in that vicinity. The

