HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Muddy Branch, Md., July 29, 1864-3 a. m.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Augur has directed me to communicate to you any intelligence obtained regarding the enemy which would be likely to be of interest to you. Yesterday afternoon I sent our a small scouting party, and have just received the following information from the lieutenant in charge: The party crossed the Potomac at Conrad's Ferry, drove back a small rebel picket, and proceeded to within one and a half miles of Leesburg. Learned that 400 men of White's and Mosby's commands has just entered that place with three pieces of artillery. Did not learn who was in command. The lieutenant took a prisoner, who represented he was escaping the conscription. This prisoner stated that a report was in circulation at Upperville that 10,000 cavalry were at Culpeper on Sunday en route to General Early, and that yesterday morning General Early was reported in vicinity of Shepherdstown. This information I send for whatever it is worth, I will try and watch the rebel force at Leesburg. I have about 300 men stretched over a line about thirty miles long, from mouth of Monocacy to Great Falls.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Pickets.

Not being acquainted with the address of your assistant adjutant-general, I take the liberty of addressing you directly.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

July 29, 1864.

The Sixth Corps, General Ricketts, commanding, will encamp on the right of General Crook's command, in a position to be designated by Lieutenant Halsted. The commands of General Kenly and General Dwight will encamp and the trains will be parked in convenient positions on the right and left of the turnpike near the stream in the rear of Halltown. Headquarters will be in rear of the Sixth Corps, where Colonel Lowell will report at once for instructions.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 29, 1864-12. 20 p. m.

Major-General WALLACE,

Baltimore, Md.:

It is reported that Mosby and White have crossed the Potomac at Edwards and Conrad's Ferries with 400 cavalry and three pieces of artillery. Send out immediately your cavalry, a battery, and some infantry to protect the railroad, and also any of Wright's trains on the Pockville and Frederick pike.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

