
artillery there, but no cavalry to depend on. Order one division of Sheridan's cavalry to proceed at on once to City Point to embark for Washington. They need not take their transportation nor artillery with them until the cavalry is all embarked.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Send all the remainder of the Nineteenth Corps to Washington at once, and withdraw from the Eighteenth Corps what may be necessary to secure your position. Direct General Ord to send to this place his heavy artillery, or such of it as can be dispensed with, and cannot be rapidly removed in case of necessity.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 30, 1864-12. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Of the Nineteenth Corps, 4,600 men have arrived here this week, made up of fragments of commands. No complete organization has yet arrived.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 30, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. HARDIN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that a troop of cavalry had been directed to report to you for duty in your division; it will report to you early to-morrow morning. You will keep that portion of your front looking toward Rockville well patrolled, and a permanent picket should be kept at Rockville to give information from the country and its vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, July 30, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of guerrillas, about thirty, came in and attacked my cavalry picket near Springfield an hour since at the point I spoke of yesterday as being much exposed. I have sent out every man I have to re-enforce and pursue. I have no particulars of the result of the first attack.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

