
encamped at Halltown, but my information is so unreliable and contradictory that I am at a loss to know in which direction to pursue the enemy. If I go toward the fords over which he has passed to cut off his retreat by the Valley, he turns to the right, pushes toward Baltimore and Washington, and escapes by the lower fords of the Potomac. If I push on toward Frederick and Gettysburg, I give him a chance to return down the Valley unmolested. Please, with your superior chances for information with regard to the whole position of affairs, direct me what is best to be done. We shall be ready to move promptly in the morning, leaving most of our trains, and start in light marching order.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 30, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have ordered the whole command to move immediately on the east side of the South Mountain, to occupy Crampton's and South Mountain Passes, or to move in such other direction as the movements of the enemy may dictate.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 30, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Emory's command, of 4,600 infantry, will leave by cars this afternoon and evening for the Monocacy. His train, with small cavalry escort, will go by the Frederick pike. Clendenin's cavalry has been ordered to scout toward Emmitsburg and send back information. If the railroad can assist Wright's movement it should be used. Averell's cavalry should give a more satisfactory account of the enemy's movements. If the enemy's army crossed the Potomac yesterday morning, it certainly should have been reported here earlier than this morning. The rebel force that entered Chambersburg this morning does not seem to have been over 1,000. Nothing heard from there since.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FREDERICK, MD., July 30, 1864-12 midnight.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Hunter sent me here, just after the wires were broken, to telegraph you that the head of his column would start in the direction ordered toward E-[Emmitsburg] about 3 p. m. The men are very tired; some of the Sixth Corps stragglers were half-way between Frederick and Harper's Ferry this afternoon. General Hunter sent out some cavalry to the gap near Boonsborough. Communications will reach him by courier from Frederick.

JNO. R. MEIGS,

Lieutenant, &amp;c.

