
CHAMBERSBURG, July 30, 1864.

(Received 3. 30 a. m.)

General W. W. AVERELL:

The enemy are advancing on the Loudon pike. Let me know what you intend doing. I will endeavor to hold the town until daylight.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., July 30, 1864.

Major-General COUCH,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

When the enemy crossed the river yesterday one of my brigades on picket duty along the Potomac was broken into several fragments, but during last night I extricated and united it at Greencastle. Your dispatches, reporting the approach of the enemy from Mercersburg, were not received until 3. 30 a. m. to-day. Vaughn, Imboden, and Jackson were on my front, and Johnson and McCausland in my rear. At 4. 30 a. m. McCausland set fire to the principal portion of Chambersburg. Marching as rapidly as possible, leaving the infantry behind, I placed my command between the enemy and Baltimore, and advanced to attack. The enemy retreated in the direction of Saint Thomas. From prisoners I learn that a raid is being made by Breckinridge toward Wheeling or above, to return by the Kanawha Valley. Please notify the War Department. This information strengthens the opinion which I expressed to you last evening by telegraph. Some provision should be made for the citizens who houses have been burned. I am pressing the enemy as rapidly as possible, and shall overtake them, I think. My command is out of rations. Please let a train, containing hard bread, coffee, and sugar for six days for 2,000 men follow me. It was the intention of the enemy to burn Carlisle also, in retaliation for the burning of private houses by General Hunter. It is said by prisoners that Longstreet's corps is to threaten Washington, and Early's to hold the Valley while Breckinridge is making his raid. The force at Cumberland should be notified.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

GREENCASTLE, July 30, 1864.

General AVERELL:

The operator at Chambersburg tells me that the telegraph lines west of that place were cut about 1 a. m., and the enemy threaten Chambersburg.

Respectfully, yours,

H. R. FETTERHOFF,

Operator.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, July 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Hagerstown:

GENERAL: Your dispatches were duly received. I sent your telegram to Captain Harrison on the iron-clads yesterday; directed him

