
to forward you by courier. I have nothing new this a. m., only a rumor that Imboden is this morning in Moorefield. I doubt it. You will be advised by Harrison that a small squad of Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry were captured at Cherry Run yesterday morning. The enemy are reported to him to have crossed at McCoy's Ferry and moved up on the Maryland side. I wish you would, if practicable, extend your pickets up as far as Cherry Run. It is impossible to spare the Eighth [Ohio] Cavalry from Beverly at present, but will send them to you as soon as can get some force to relieve them. I have stopped at different points on my line, and now have here over 600 skedaddlers from the command of General Crook. Will send them to Martinsburg as soon as our troops occupy it. Please communicate with the iron-clads daily either at Hancock, Sleepy Creek, or Cherry Run. Trains are now running as far east as Hancock.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARRISBURG, July 30, 1864.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cumberland:

Averell has reoccupied Chambersburg. McCausland laid one-half of the town in ashes. Breckinridge it is believe is marching west. Look for him.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, July 30, 1864.

General KELLEY:

I have ordered the commanding officer at Gallipolis not to send the troops to Grafton, if they have not already started, as General Sullivan, at Charlestown, reports that he expects General Rodes to arrive in Charleston at any moment.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

GREEN SPRING RUN, July 30, 1864.

(Received 4. 33 p. m.)

General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

McNeill's force came down Wagner's Hollow, between this place and Patterson's Creek. After going to Old Town recrossed at Wolford's, two miles above here, taking all Wolford's cattle and sheep. Colonel Thompson's scout followed him beyond Springfield.

H. PEASE,

Captain, &amp;c.

NEW CREEK, July 30, 1864.

(Received 7. 50 p. m.)

General KELLEY:

The scout west out as directed by you. The information I sent you was obtained from a courier sent back by the captain in command

