
of these fine mornings. If you have not scouts out send them at once. McNeill had with him about 100 men. A telegraph from Captain Melvin informs me that the order has been made in regard to your regiment. The men will be sent to Wheeling to be mustered out.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 30, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain HALL,

Rowlesburg:

It is believed that McNeill is organizing a force to attack the railroad at some point west of the mountains. Be on the alert. Send messenger to Captain Lambert, of the home guards, to call out his men and be active and to keep you fully advised. Direct him to watch the Cananoon route as well as others.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

July 30, 1864.

Colonel C. H. Tompkins, chief of artillery, will procure from this locality as many suitable horses as possible for the batteries of this command, and will see that the proper receipts and vouchers are given to the owners of these horses.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

July 30, 1864-1 p. m.

This command will move at once in the following order: First, the cavalry; second, the Nineteenth Corps; third, General Kenly's brigade; fourth, the Sixth Corps; fifth, the trains, to which General Ricketts will send a brigade as guard. The troops will move to Harper's Ferry, cross the bridge, and will there receive further orders. The infantry will not wait for the cavalry should the latter not come up when the former is ready.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH AND NINETEENTH CORPS,

July 30, 1864.

This command will continue the march on the road to Frederick, camping for the night in the vicinity of Jefferson. The locality will be designated by a staff officer from these headquarters. The trains, other than the ammunition, artillery, forage, and headquarter-

