HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, July 30, 1864.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

The following militia regiments have arrived here: One hundred and ninety-sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel Neff commanding; One hundred and ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, Colonel Haslett commanding, and the Fifth Massachusetts, Colonel Peirson commanding.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 189. Baltimore, July 30, 1864.

1. Special Orders, Numbers 186, paragraph 3, is hereby amended to read as follows: The following detachments of cavalry will be put en route without delay to report to Major-General Hunter, commanding Department of West Virginia. They will march to Harper's Ferry and on their arrival there report to the commanding officer: Company D, Twenty-first Regiment New York Cavalry; detachment First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, commanding First Separate Brigade, is charged with the execution of this order.

2. The Twentieth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia, Colonel W. B. Thomas commanding, is hereby transferred from the Third Separate Brigade to the Second Separate Brigade, and will report to Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris without delay.

* * *

4. The Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Militia (100-days's service), Colonel George H. Peirson commanding, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to orders of the War Department, is hereby assigned to the Third Separate Brigade, and will report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood.

* * *

8. Three companies of the Ninety-third New York Militia will be put en route at once to report to Colonel A. R. Root, commanding officer, Annapolis, Md. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler is charged with the execution of this order, and will designate the companies.

* * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 30, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Monocacy Junction, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Do not fail to give me immediate notice of anything you hear or discover of the movement of the enemy.

LEW WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

