
HARRISBURG, PA., July 30, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Our advices here from military officers indicate clearly the presence in Cumberland Valley of a large body of the enemy. I believe 30,000 to 50,000 men can be collected promptly for State defense. Will you authorize Major-General Couch to furnish transportation and the needful supplies? Please answer immediately.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 30, 1864-7 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Military officers of the department report the enemy in Cumberland Valley, in large force, within fifty miles of this capital. Great destruction of property has taken place in Chambersburg. I believe from 30,000 to 50,000 men can be collected promptly for State defense, and enable you to check the advance of the enemy. Will you authorize the commander of this department to furnish transportation and the needful supplies? Please answer immediately.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 30, 1864-9. 40 p. m.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

The Secretary of War directs me to say in answer to your telegram of this date, received this evening, that the commander of the Department of the Susquehanna if authorized to furnish transportation and needful supplies for troops called out to repel the enemy invading Pennsylvania; that it is his duty to do so if he thinks the troops necessary, without waiting instructions, and if he has failed to do so he has neglected his duty. He reports the enemy's strength at from 800 to 1,000, and makes no report of any destruction of property.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General U. S. Army.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 30, 1864.

President A. LINCOLN:

Rebels entered Chambersburg at 3 o'clock this morning in three columns. This is fifty miles from here. Send us a general fit to command, and we will try to take care of ourselves. General Couch is said to be at Bedford.

SIMON CAMERON.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 30, 1864.

The President directs me to refer the inclosed to the Secretary of War.

JOHN HAY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

