
emy on the south side the rebel army crossed on the morning of the 29th near Williamsport, and moved, by Hagerstown, into Pennsylvania. Their cavalry captured and partly destroyed Chambersburg yesterday. We have no reliable information of the main body, but, if it crossed and moved as reported by Averell, it would be nearer Baltimore, Harrisburg, and York than Hunter was at Harper's Ferry. I consequently directed him to move east of South mountain toward Emmitsburg, and sent last night, by railroad, to the Monocacy such of Emory's command as had arrived, where he would come immediately under Hunter's orders. They will probably effect a junction to-night. The weather is so intensely hot that marches will be very slow. It is possible that the enemy's infantry is merely covering his cavalry raid. Enemy's cavalry force said to be very large. Our s is so weak and poor that it gives us very little information. A very intelligent artificer of the Sixth Corps, captured at the battle of Monocacy, and who effected his escape in the Shenandoah Valley, has just come in. He says he had several good opportunities to estimate Early's force and actually counted forty-two pieces of artillery on their retreat, and thinks that, as compared with our army corps, which he has frequently seen on reviews, they numbered at least I do not hear that Early received any large re-enforcements in the Valley, but it is said he greatly increased his cavalry be remounts, stolen in Maryland.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDIN'S DIVISION, Numbers 90. July 31, 1864.

1. The battalion of heavy artillery under command of Captain A. A. Pope, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters for duty, will report to Colonel W. H. Hayward, commanding Second Brigade, for assignment.

* * *

By command of Brigadier-General Hardin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. HARDIN'S DIVISION, 22nd ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, D. C., July 31, 1864.

Colonel MARBLE,

First Brigade:

The general commanding directs that until further order Battery Russell, near Fort Reno, will be occupied by a guard of one officer and twenty men from Fort ReNumbers The detail can be made as you deem most judicious, and a small guard will be maintained day and night.

Very respectfully,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

