
CITY POINT, VA., August 1, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I see the artillery belonging to the cavalry division is being shipped first. My instructions were that the cavalry should be got off first. The enemy's cavalry is now in Pennsylvania, and it is important that we should get a mounted force after them. If Sheridan is able for duty I wish you would send him to report to me in person. I shall send him to command all the forces against Early.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 1, 1864--10. 15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your instructions were well understood, and were as distinctly conveyed to General Sheridan, viz, that the artillery and train of the division selected to go to Washington should follow the troops. Copy of instructions sent. General Sheridan has been directed to report in person to you, and will undoubtedly be able to give some satisfactory explanation of the variation from the orders given. If you will be at your quarters I desire to visit them this a. m.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 31, 1864--10. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

In consequence of instructions received from the lieutenant-general commanding the armies, the major-general commanding directs that you send one of the divisions of cavalry to City Point to embark there immediately for Washington. They will take their artillery and means of transportation to City Point, from which point it will follow them to Washington.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 1, 1864--12 noon.

Brigadier-General INGALLS,

Quartermaster:

Dispatch of yesterday received and all transportation fit for moving cavalry and infantry now in service and not otherwise employed at Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York yesterday ordered to City Point. No new charters reported. Is this what is wanted or is the emergency extensive, and does it need new and further provision of vessels?

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

