
pickets in front of Stevens and Slocum from the Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, and that your command be vigilant and ready to repel any attack during the entire night. Have the men in shape to be ready at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully,

R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,August 1, 1864.

Major WAITE,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding at Muddy Branch:

MAJOR: In your report of July 31 you say: "When eighteen of my men were fighting Mosby's whole command yesterday, I am informed Major Thompson was within supporting distance. " The major-general commanding desires that you ascertain the truth of this report, and in your communication state specifically the distance of Major Thompson or his command from the scene of the skirmish, and the means within his control of knowing the true state of affairs.

I am, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

How badly wounded is Lieutenant De Laney? We all hope not seriously.

OFFICE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Washington, August 1, 1864.

Captain JOSEPH H. SPENCER,

Signal Officer, U. S. Army:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of this detachment's operations for the month of July, 1864: Nothing very important transpired except the ordinary business of the corps until the 10th, when Captain E. H. Russell and party were ordered to report to me for duty. The enemy had already made their appearance in considerable force in front of Fort Reno, on the Rockville pike, and also in front of Fort Stevens, on the Seventh-street road. I received verbal orders from General Augur to station my officers so that communication could be had with all principal forts on the north of the Potomac. Accordingly, Lieutenant P. N. Niles was placed on the Soldiers' Home, from whence he could communicate with all the forts on the line north of Potomac. This station proved to be of much importance, as communication could be held direct from provost-marshal's building in the city to any of the forts through it. Lieutenant Asa T. Abbott was stationed at Fort Stevens; Sergeant Kintner at Fort Slocum, and Corp. William Wallace at Fort De Russy. Later in the day Lieutenant R. P. Strong reported for duty, in obedience to orders from office signal officer, and was ordered to Fort Totten. Sergt. H. A. Sofield was taken from Fort Smith and put in charge of station at Fort Bunker Hill. Captain Thomas J. Sawyer reported on the 11th, in obedience to orders from signal office, and

