
HARRISONBURG, PA., July 4, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following is a copy of the last dispatch I have from General Couch:

CHAMBERSBURG, 4TH.

At 3 yesterday General Sigel telegraphed me from Shepherdstown, that at 6 a. m. yesterday the enemy, commanded by Generals Early and Ransom, attacked his force at Leetown and Darkesville. All stores were sent off in cars and wagons from Martinsburg, and afterward he withdrew his force to Shepherdstown. He does not know strength of the infantry of the enemy, but says they have 2,600 cavalry. The enemy also sent 1,100 cavalry into his rear by way of North Mountain. He had no communication with General Kelley or Hunter since 10 a. m. yesterday.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

In dispatch received in the night and this p. m. he asks me to call out forces. I desire, as usual, to aid, and beg to know what is desired to that end, as at this time, by calling on the old Reserve Corps, it is probable we could get thirteen regiments in a few days, and the two regiments ordered by the General Government for 100 days in Philadelphia could be promptly filled for this service. No doubt you are fully informed of the strength and movements of the rebel army, and I desire to know if the Government is prepared to protect this State, or the service of our people is required for that purpose. I wish to know immediately if call will be made, as last year, for troops to be mustered into the service of the State, and will the United States equip and subsist and pay them?

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 4, 1864 - 8 p. m.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

The following instructions have been given General Couch, commanding the Middle Department [Department of the Susquehanna[, including the State of Pennsylvania:

JULY 4, 1864.

Major-General COUCH,

Chambersburg:

The rebel force which has made its appearance at Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry may extend its raid into Pennsylvania. You are authorized to confer with the Governor of Pennsylvania, and take such measures, in concert with the State authorities, as you may deem advisable for raising troops and providing adequate defense. The Department will offer every facility in its power for transporting, arming, and subsisting such force as may be raised, and supplying every means of defense within it power.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Your co-operation with General Couch will doubt raise promptly an adequate force to guard against any threatened danger. We have not been able to obtain from General Sigel any reliable report

