
take the road to Cumberland. I have advised General Kelley that if he is attacked he can hold the town until relief reaches him. As yet I hear nothing of any force of the enemy being south of Cumberland. Having taken the initiatory steps here to bring out a large force, place advise if there is no necessity for it from your information.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Numbers 44. Pittsburg, August 1, 1864.

In view of the fact that the enemy are already within the borders of our State (having committed the most unjustifiable barbarities), and there being intimation of a much larger force marching west-ward, the major-general commanding deems it his duty to be prepared for any emergency that may arise. Therefore, it is ordered that an active force of not less than 15,000 men be immediately organized for the defense of this portion of the State, and in order to the effective organization thereof, I hereby direct the mayors of Pittsburg and Allegency, the burgesses of the boroughs, and the justices of the peace in the several townships of Allegheny County, to cause an immediate enrollment to be made.

1. An active force, comprising all citizens between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, capable of bearing arms, and such others not liable to military duty as are willing to march to the borders of the State whenever called by proclamation of the Governor.

2. All citizens capable of bearing arms, but exempt from active service by reason of physical disability, and all others willing to serve in defense of the city. All reports of enrollments will be sent to Brigadier-General Rowley, by the authorities designated to make the same. This order will not be construed as directing any present suspension of business, but it is imperative that the enrollment be made without delay; nor is it intended to discourage voluntary organizations of companies; on the contrary, I earnestly recommend that such organizations be perfected as rapidly as possible and reported to Brigadier-General Rowley for instructions.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 68. City Point, Va., August 2, 1864.

I. Major General P. H. Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, is relieved temporarily from duty int his army and will report in person without delay to Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C., for orders. His staff will accompany him.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

