
WASHINGTON, August 2, 1864--2. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Grover's command of the Nineteenth Corps landed last night, and has encamped on the road toward Rockville. A few companies of Torbert's cavalry are arriving. The transportation of troops in small steamers is slow work, and I presume that several days will elapse before Sheridan's division is all landed. As it now stands, Wright commands the Sixth Corps, Emory the Nineteenth, Crook the troops of the Department of West Virginia, and Averell and Duffie the cavalry, Hunter being in general command of the whole. If Sheridan is not placed in general command, I think he should take all the cavalry, but not the Sixth Corps. To make that and the cavalry a single and separate command will, in my opinion, be a very bad arrangement. If Sheridan is placed in general command I presume Hunter will again ask to be relieved. Whatever you decide upon I shall endeavor to have done.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,August 2, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

GENERAL: General Torbert apprehends difficulty in getting the small detachments of cavalry arriving through the city. General Halleck authorizes you to select a landing below the city where detachments may be collected and then marched to the camp selected for the cavalry near Tennallytown.

Very respectfully,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,August 2, 1864--3. 40 a. m.

Colonel WISEWELL,

Military Governor, &amp;c., Washington:

Please have the brigade of Veteran Reserve Corps, on duty in this city, gotten ready to move out to the front at once. Have all in readiness, but do not move them until you receive further orders.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT RENO, D. C., August 2, 1864--2 a. m.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is no definite information. I should judge from what I can gather here that there was a detachment of Mosby's command, fifty or sixty men, on the Rockville pike gathering horses and wagons. Captain Hatch went out on a scout about Great Falls. I will try and get some reliable information soon.

M. D. HARDIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

