HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,August 2, 1864.

Major WAITE,

Eighth Illinois Cav., Commanding Cav. on Upper Potomac:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you endeavor to ascertain the truth of the reports regarding the presence of the enemy on the Darnestown road and his true force. If practicable, drive him across the river.

Very respectfully, major, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,August 2, 1864.

Major WAITE,

Commanding at Muddy Branch:

I send you a detachment of cavalry to enable you more satisfactorily to keep this side of the river clear of guerrillas. There was a good deal of excitement here yesterday and last night, caused by rumors of an advance of a large body of the enemy's cavalry upon Rockville. Not hearing anything from you we were apprehensive that you were cut off. I have just received your note giving your views upon the proper mode of picketing your line. The only objection is want of men. I wish you, as fast as possible, to get those thieves and marauders out of Maryland. I will give you all the force I can obtain. Above all, send me every day reliable information of what is going on about you. Reliable information is what we most require.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Captain Leahy, of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry, returned last night from the vicinity of Aldie and Thoroughfare Gap, where he has been for the last three days. He reports that scouts were sent by him beyond Aldie and above it, also down toward Thoroughfare Gap and beyond it; that the country in vicinity of Aldie is unusually quiet and free from even small parties; that a portion of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry are occupying the section in the vicinity of the gap, he thinks about 100 strong, apparently a party of observation. Intelligence was received this morning from the party sent near Leesburg and above, to the effect that there is no force of any unusual strength in that locality, or to the west, this side of the Blue Ridge. Mosby, with 350 men, 60 head of beef-cattle, and a number of wagons taken in Maryland, laden with stores, passed above Waterford, moving southward, on Sunday night at about 11 o'clock. The report has been delayed until this morning to include the intelligence by the messengers sent in from parties out; they are obliged for safety to travel at night.

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Cav. Brigadier

