
BALTIMORE, August 2, 1864.

Major HAMLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I ask you to telegraph or write us about the condition of affairs so far as they govern our regaining possession of our road west of Harper's Ferry, so as to repair and operate it again. This is a question, as you know, of greater importance than ever to us, as owing to the quick repetition of its interruption we are threatened with the loss of nearly all our best trainmen and other operatives, who cannot afford to remain idle so much in these times, when their services are so urgently demanded at highest wages elsewhere. Your response to this for yourself or General Howe will be appreciated by our company. We appeal to you, because we never were so much at a loss to know the condition or prospect of affairs in this relation.

W. P. SMITH.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 2, 1864--11 a. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

The movements yesterday indicate that Early's infantry is falling back toward Winchester. The body of them were at Bunker Hill last night. Bradley Johnson's Maryland Line was in Winchester last night.

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP, BARNESVILLE, August 2, 1864.

(Received 11. 50 a. m.)

Colonel J. A. HARDIE, Inspector-General:

I have the honor to report that no rebels are on this side of the Potomac below Point of Rocks. None have been over since Mosby's men on Saturday, who were driven back. They did but little damage. Rumors were freely circulated yesterday among citizens about the rebels being over again. These were caused, to some extent, by the dust from my scouting parties. I have good communications with all the crossings below Point of Rocks, and with the major-general commanding at Frederick, and have scouting parties in all directions toward the river. I have 600 cavalry with me here, which, with the pickets on the river, can keep any guerrillas from reaching the Frederick pike.

D. W. C. THOMPSON,

Major Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Monocacy Junction, August 2, 1864.

(Received 11. 30 p. m. 3rd.)

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information telegram* just received from Brigadier-General Kelley, from which it will be seen that he

---------------

*See Kelley to Hunter, 5. 30 p. m., p. 578.

---------------

37 R R--VOL XXXVII, PT II

