
has repulsed and driven the enemy, led by McCausland and Johnson, at Cumberland. It is important, and is expected at Washington, that you move at once against this portion of the enemy's forces, and attack and endeavor to defeat them wherever found. You will, therefore, proceed at once by the most expeditious route to accomplish this object. This by direction of Major-General Hunter.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PITTSBURG, August 2, 1864.

Captain BROWN, Quartermaster:

If you hear nothing from General Averell you had better move your train to Hagerstown, where he desired you to go. I had supposed that you left Chambersburg, certainly as early as yesterday morning.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, August 2, 1864--5. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER:

Enemy attacked me yesterday at 4 p. m. Fought him until dark. At 11 p. m. he retreated from my front, going by way of mountain road toward Old Town, on the Potomac River, leaving his killed and wounded, two caissons, quite a quantity of ammunition wagons and carriages, &amp;c. Prisoners report General Bradley Johnson and McCausland in command. My force pursuing; I hope to overtake him at river.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Halleck.)

CUMBERLAND, August 2, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER, Harper's Ferry:

Johnson's and McCausland's forces recrossed the river at Old Town about noon to-day. They disabled the engine attached to the iron-clads by a shot through the boiler. Engine and cars were destroyed. They represented to a person at Green Spring to-day that Ransom would join them in a few days, and then they would take Cumberland and destroy the railroad west. May I respectfully ask that General Averell, or some other cavalry force, be ordered to follow them into the South Branch Valley. McNeill is doing a great deal of damage. I have no cavalry to follow after him.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

PITTSBURG, August 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Cumberland, Md.:

Have you anything reliable? My scouts report that you were fighting last night. I have sent several messengers to you.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

