
BALTIMORE AND OHIO DEPOT,

Washington, August 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A part of Nineteenth Army Corps, about 4,000 men--probably 5,000. Quartermaster Burton called on me this afternoon with letter from General Rucker directing him to prepare transportation for about 4,000 men to Monocacy. The troops have arrived here, but none have left as yet.

GEO. S. KOONTZ.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DETACHMENT 19TH ARMY CORPS,

Monocacy Junction, Md., August 2, 1864.

In pursuance of orders from Major-General Hunter, this command will be got ready to move immediately. Commanding officers will report by staff officers when they are ready to move.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., August 2, 1864.

Mr. J. H. LEMMON,

Postmaster, Dublin, Md.:

SIR: Your favor of the 28th July is received. On the 30th of May, 1862, you informed me, the loyal people of your neighborhood procured a U. S. flag and placed it on a pole so as to wave over the post-office in the village of Dublin, to let all whom it might concern know that the Union element was not extinct. Then you tell me on the night of June 2 the pole was bored down; how, on the day following, "the Union men rallied and put up a new pole, and again displayed the Stars and Stripes;" how on the 25th July the miserable traitors cut the rope; how the Union men again collected, and again the old flag danced in the breeze, and so on. Finally, you appeal to me to remedy these miserable outrages. In the first place, you ought to know that the military authorities cannot convert every cross-road, or respectable village even, into a garrisoned post. Next, if you and your loyal friends of Dublin were not willing to defend the flag against your disloyal neighbors, it had been better for your honor and the honor of the flag that you had tempered your patriotism with a little more discretion. You say that if I give you no guaranty against other depredations, the traitors will presume on either the imbecility or the indifference, of both, of the military authorities. I do not think so. My opinion is that they presume entire upon your lack of nerve. They are bold in cutting down your flag; be bold on your part and shoot them down. Fight, and if your enemies are too strong for you, I will send soldiers to your aid.

Has Maryland but one Ishmael Day? Powder and lead are cheap; organization is cheaper. Your statement excites my indignation; but I confess it is about equally divided between the traitors who do the wrongs, and the citizens who, with such Quaker-like resignation, submit to them. You entreat me to redress your grievances against--whom? Why, sir, you have not so much as mentioned the

