
to Richmond by canal and railroad. I concur with General Sheridan, and think that much greater damage can be done to the enemy by destroying his crops and communications north of the James than on the south.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, August 3, 1864--3. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

In order to prevent raids toward Wheeling and Pittsburg, I have directed the roads leading from the Cumberland Valley through the mountains to be so nearly blocked up that the country people can close them at any time, and check the enemy's advance. To do this effectually we want several engineer officers. Please send us some of the large number now about Petersburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., August 3, 1864--midnight.

(Received 2 p. m. 4th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 2. 30 p. m. 3rd just received. Make such disposition of Sheridan as you think best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Falls Church, Va., August 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that nothing has been heard from the party above Leesburg, though the officer in command was directed to send a message from his command each night of his absence. A party was sent to the Rappahannock night before last. They have not been heard from, the distance being too great to communicate as yet. Intelligence will be received to-day from the party in the vicinity of Thoroughfare Gap. Beyond this I have nothing to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Monocacy, August 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The persons that have been ordered south and sent beyond the lines of this department have been indicated to me by the loyal citizens of good standing as dangerous persons, sympathizers with

