
the rebellion, who have by all means in their power aided and abetted the rebel cause, communicating habitually with the enemy across our lines, giving military information, denouncing loyal citizens on the advent of rebel raiders, and otherwise giving moral and material aid to the rebel cause. It is impossible for me to conduct military operations advantageously in this department if these spies and traitors are permitted to go at large and continue their disloyal practices in the midst of my army.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Monocacy, Md., August 3, 1864. (Received 4. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There are here three regiments of the Nineteenth Army Corps, to wit, Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine and Ninetieth New York, who were entitled to veteran furloughs several months ago. They were detained by circumstances in the Department of the Gulf, and are now anxious to have their furlough. It is clearly their right, and the corps commander thinks it should be granted, as he thinks the service will be more benefitted by granting the furlough than by detaining them at this time. What shall be done in the case?*

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

SHEPHERDSTOWN, August 3, 1864--9 p. m.

(Received 10. 20 p. m.)

Major General D. HUNTER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

We crossed the river at the mouth of the Antietam this morning at daylight, with 150 of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania; drove the enemy from Shepherdstown two miles out on the Martinsburg road; found a camp of about 600 Jackson cavalry; returned without loss by way of ford. No great force of the enemy at Martinsburg. Force reported at Winchester and Bunker Hill. Escaped conscripts report strong force passing through Winchester up the Valley. Raiding force crossed back by Hancock. No troops here. I will detain the Fourteenth to picket the fords at this point. Shall receive further information from Winchester to-night, also from Bunker Hill. A force conscripted (all citizens of Shepherdstown) yesterday are getting out the grain as fast as possible.

WYCKOFF,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HANCOCK, August 3, 1864.

Major-General HUNTER,

Monocacy:

Early's infantry force, 20,000, was encamped yesterday at Bunker Hill, and one division at Darkesville. They sent three regiments of

---------------

*Answered by Halleck, August 4, that "the men entitled, to furloughs can be spared as well now as at any other time. "

---------------

