
General Hunter which renders it necessary that you would move to this place in order to co-operate with me. I hope this will overtake you before you recross the mountain.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

HANCOCK, MD., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier General A. N. DUFFIE,

First Cavalry Division:

Scouts from Hedgesville last night reported that enemy's main body of infantry was encamped at Bunker Hill; the cavalry at Martinsburg. Please forward the above information to Generals Crook and Hunter. I do not think it necessary or advisable that you should move farther west than Clear Spring at present; or if you have come this side of there, I would advise you not farther than Indian Spring.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Three miles from Hancock, Md., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Hancock, Md.:

SIR: Your dispatch of this date is just received. The information you send to me will be immediately forwarded to Generals Hunter and Crook. I will return to Clear Spring. I have no positive information of the movements or whereabouts of the enemy. Any reliable intelligence obtained I will forward to you without delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Near Cherry Run, Md., August 3, 1864--7 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate the following information which has been sent me by General Averell: "Scouts from Hedgesville last night reported that enemy's main body of infantry was encamped at Bunker Hill; the cavalry at Martinsburg. " A deserter came to me to-day who reports that Early is ordered to Richmond with his army. He says nothing but cavalry crossed the Potomac. He thinks, however, that Early will endeavor to stay until he gets the crops our of the Valley. Please forward this information to General Crook.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General.

