
BALTIMORE, MD., August 3, 1864.

Rev. L. VAN BOKKELEN,

Catonsville, Baltimore County, Md.

SIR: I am reliably informed that, under the pressure of the secessionists of your congregation, you are about to retire from the pastorship of Saint Timothy's Church, over which yo have so long and so creditably presided. This is to inform you, and your congregation generally, that in the event of your retirement services will not be allowed in that church, except by a successor of undoubted loyalty. It is also to assure you that if you choose to remain in charge, as heretofore, you shall have all the protection that lies in my power. After this presentation it is hoped you will regard it as your duty to remain at your post.

Very respectfully, your friend and servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 192. Baltimore, August 3, 1864.

1. The Sixtieth Regiment Massachusetts Militia (100-days' service), Lieutenant-Colonel Woodward commanding, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby assigned to the Third Separate Brigade, and will report to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 3, 1864.

Major-General COUCH, Pittsburg, Pa.:

As a new raid may immediately follow, and he directed toward Pittsburg, the instructions in regard to blocking up the roads leading from the Cumberland Valley should be carried out. A space could be left in the barriers for teams to pass through, and means to close it, in case of danger. The town and county authorities should do this for their own protection. I will endeavor to send you some engineer officers to assist in this matter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, August 3, 1864.

Major-General COUCH, Pittsburg:

I telegraphed you yesterday that I fought General McCausland and General Bradley Johnson on Monday and repulsed them; they recrossed the Potomac at Old Town, are now near Springfield, in Hampshire County, Va., awaiting the arrival of General Ransom, intending to attack and capture Cumberland and proceed west. If you have any troops to spare please send them to me at once. There is no rebel force north of me in Pennsylvania.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

