
HARPER'S FERRY, July 5, 1864--8 a. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: You will move at once to Boteler's Ford below Shepherdstown, and cross over to Sharpsburg. Carry with you at present only such wagons as are absolutely necessary, leaving the residue on this side of the river, in camp. The enemy has not evacuated Maryland Heights, and has burned the railroad and pontoon bridges so that we cannot cross. Move Gordon's division down toward Harper's, so as to compel the evacuation of Maryland Heights. The enemy only has a force of 800 or 1,000 heavy artillery. Sigel has not come down this way, and you will endeavor to find out where he has gone. Promptness and dispatch are absolutely necessary.

I have very deplorable accounts of the plundering and confusion at Martinsburg, and hope it may turn out to be untrue. You will direct all officers of every grade to remain and camp with their commands. The order from General Lee requiring them to do so is in force in this army and must be carried out, as must all his orders. It is absolutely necessary that the most rigid discipline be enforced, else disgrace and disaster will overtake us. Officers, for the good of the service and the success of the cause, must forego the propensity to provide for their personal comfort and convenience. I shall probably be at Shepherdstown this afternoon. You must march your troops below the town and not through it.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Numbers --. July 5, 1864.

In entering the enemy's country the lieutenant-general commanding would remind the officers and men of this army that they are engaged in no marauding expedition, and are not making war upon the defenseless and unresisting, and he confidently appeals to them to emulate their behavior upon former similar occasions. The orders heretofore published must be rigidly enforced by all commanding officers. The strictest discipline must be preserved, and all straggling, marauding, and appropriation of property by unauthorized parties must be prevented.

Such supplies as are needed for the army will be taken by you under the direction of the chiefs of the various departments, and payment made therefor or certificates given as the owner may prefer; and any officer or man found committing depredations of any sort will be at once arrested and summarily punished. In passing through towns and villages on the route commanding officers will always post guards to preserve order, and they will take every precaution to prevent their men from obtaining ardent spirits; and whenever a citizen is found selling it to the men, it will be at once confiscated to the use of the Government, and either turned over to the medical officer or destroyed.

By command of Lieutenant General J. A. Early:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

