
New York, and Maryland, and several from Ohio, Indiana, and Pennsylvania. I learn too that Sheridan's and Wilson's cavalry are encamped on Bland's farm, just south of Jordan's Point, and many of the men seen about the wharf might have belonged to them. The probabilities are that they are troops bound for Washington, and if Hunter is brought up the Ohio and around by railroad Early may be opposed by a force too large for him to manage. As soon as I ascertain more definitely I will send to apprise [Early] that he may be on his guard. The troops referred to will have passed the mouth of the Potomac to-day. There are letters from nearly all the corps of Grant's army published in the Herald of the 4th, showing they were here as late as the 2nd.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

JULY 10, 1864--7 p. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: General Ramseur reports a body of several hundred cavalry following and annoying him. Send word to Gordon and also to Echols and let them picket well. Let a battery be sent to Gordon to-night to be placed in position commanding the road from Frederick. Let him also put out pickets covering our wagon trains. Let Echols picket well on his flanks o as to cover us on the north, and picket strongly the road from Germantown, which I showed you.

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,July 10, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The following is the order of march for to-morrow: First, Rodes' division moves in advance at 3. 30 a. m. General Long will send a battery of artillery to follow his advance brigade, and the rest of the battalion of artillery will follow the division. Second, Ramseur follows this battalion of artillery. General Long will send another battalion after him. Third, Gordon follows next after the second battalion of Long's artillery. Fourth, the wagon trains come next, and fifth, the rear is to be brought up by Echols' division, which will be accompanied by Colonel King's battalion of artillery, one battery coming just in rear of the last brigade.

By order of Lieutenant-General Early:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 11, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: As far as can be ascertained from information received from deserters, prisoners, scouts, and citizens the force that

