
I mentioned in my letter of the 7th instant as having left General Grant's army consisted of Ricketts' division, of the Sixth Corps. The same night about a brigade of cavalry, as I think, without their horses, also went down the James. No other troops left Grant's army as far as I can learn until yesterday, when it is reported by scouts on James River sixteen transports loaded with troops, their arms and knapsacks in many instances plainly visible, descended the river. The reports received render it probable that the remainder of the Sixth Corps has gone. I send a special messenger to General Early with this information and such suggestions as to his future movements as seemed to me proper. I inclose a letter* received from him to-day by the messenger first sent, from which you will learn his progress and purpose. I had hoped that General Grant, rather than weaken his army, would have attempted to drive us from our position. I fear I shall not be able to attack him to advantage, and if I cannot I think it would be well to re-enforce General Early. In that way it would oblige him further to diminish his force.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. A. EARLY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th was received this morning. Your movements and arrangements appear to me to have been judicious, and I am glad you did not delay to storm the works at Maryland Heights. It was better to turn them and endeavor to draw the enemy from them. I hope you get the Northern papers, as they will keep you advised of their preparations to oppose you. They rely greatly upon General Hunter's force coming in your rear. About the 4th instant, as far as I can judge, he was in the vicinity of Charleston, on the Kanawha, with his own, Averell's, and Crook's commands. To encounter you in your present position he must either ascend the Ohio to Parkersburg and take the railroad to Grafton, thence by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, if that is left practicable, or go up to Pittsburg, and thence by the Central Pennsylvania. You will be able to judge of the time that either of these routes will require to bring him in position, and I think that even his whole force, aided by such troops as might join him, would be unable to oppose you successfully.

I ascertained some days ago that on the 6th instant General Grant sent off a portion of his troops, and, as far as I am able to judge, they consisted of Ricketts' division, of the Sixth Corps, and their destination was Washington City. I think it probable that about a brigade of cavalry, without their horses, were sent on the night of the 6th to the same point. I learn this morning from our scouts on James River that about the same number of troops, judging from the transports descended the river yesterday, and I presume they are bound for Washington City. Whether these belong to the Sixth Corps or have been taken from other corps of his army, which I think more probable, I have not yet ascertained. We may, however, assume that a corps or its equivalent has been sent by General Grant to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

