
second, the wagon train; third, Echols' division; fourth, a battalion of Long's artillery; fifth, Rodes' division; sixth, a battalion of Long's artillery; seventh, Ramseur's division, in rear. Gordon's starts at daylight and is to be followed closely by the other troops, all taking the road to Snicker's Gap.

By order of Lieutenant-General Early:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,July 16, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Early directs that you move your command at sunrise toward Berryville.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,July 17, 1864--10 p. m.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: In view of the enemy's advance this afternoon, General Early directs that you have your troops, Echols', Gordon's, and the artillery, under arms at daylight. He wishes General Gordon to have his troops on the watch, and if any attempt at crossing is made, he wishes the most determined resistance made to it, and directs that you have Echols in readiness to support Gordon if need be.

Should anything occur during the night, General Early desires you to report it, and requests that you inform him by return courier of the exact nature of the demonstration this afternoon and at precisely what point it occurred, and what has become of the enemy's force, and whether any of them have come to the river.

I am, general, respectfully,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Petersburg, July 20, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

General Early reports that the enemy crossed the Shenandoah at Snicker's on the 18th at 3 p. m. ; were attacked and driven across the river in confusion, Rodes' division making the main attack. Our loss is stated to be between 200 and 300; that of the enemy much greater. The enemy's force was reported to be Hunter's, the Sixth Corps, and two divisions of the Nineteenth Corps.

R. E. LEE.

JULY 20, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Move at once by White Post and Newtown to Middletown. I gave Major Johnston instructions for you last night. I

