
then Wharton. Let headquarters wagons move at some convenient point in the line. Let the ambulances move in front with the staff. Tell Mackey to keep my haversack (which is in my room) and wait till I come.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

DUNN'S HILL, July 26, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

General Early states he attacked Major-General Crook on the 24th Instant on the old battle-field of Kernstown, completely routing him, and pursued him five miles beyond Winchester, where he was compelled to halt from the exhaustion of his men, they having marched twenty-five miles that day. The pursuit was continued by the cavalry. Among the prisoners captured was General Mulligan, mortally wounded. Brigadier-General Lilley and our other officers [and] men captured on the 20th were recovered. The strength of the enemy is stated to have been 15,000 infantry, besides the cavalry under Averell.

R. E. LEE,

General.

ABINGDON, July 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE

(To be forwarded by commander at post, Staunton, Va.):

The detachment of Vaughn's brigade ordered by you to Winchester is very much needed here at present for the defense of the country. The enemy are reported advancing from Knoxville. These troops occupy my extreme front, and I respectfully request that I may be permitted to retain them for a short time.

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 27, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Information is given the Department that General Morgan is making preparation for an expedition (probably under your orders), and that Colonel Bradford, with some forces of Vaughn's brigade, left to recruit, and of late defending the neighborhood of the salt-works, has been ordered by General Breckinridge to rejoin his command. The result as represented is to leave Southwestern Virginia, and especially the vicinity of the salt-works, almost denuded of troops, and serious apprehensions are entertained lest the enemy may avail themselves of the opportunity by a raid to possess and destroy the salt-works and lead mines. I have felt it my duty to inform you of these representations, but at the same time have felt confidence that, your attention being called to the subject, you will make all the provision that circumstances may require, and our resources allow, to duly guard these important interests.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

