HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 28, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, with reference to General Morgan's movements, At the time General Early was in Maryland, understanding that the enemy's forces under General Hunter had all been withdrawn from the Kanawha Valley, I directed General Morgan that, if no force threatened his district, he should move upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west of Cumberland, and enter Pennsylvania at that point. I had previously learned that the forces in Kentucky under General Burbridge had been called to Tennessee to guard Sherman's communications. General Morgan was prevented from executing my order by sickness, and when informed of that fact and of his recovery, I inquired of him what other operation he could undertake with advantage. To that dispatch, dated 22nd instant, I have no reply. I have telegraphed to him to-day informing him of the reports contained in your letter, and directing him to do nothing that will unduly expose the district in which he commands. The return of General Vaughn's men to their brigade was ordered by General Breckinridge, and upon learning from General Morgan that they would be needed to defend the salt-works, &amp;c., I directed him to communicate with General B., since which time I have heard nothing of the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 178. Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXII. Major General Arnold Elzey, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby relieved from the command of the Maryland Line, to which he was assigned by paragraph VII, General Orders, Numbers 38, current series.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 179. Richmond, July 30, 1864.

I. In consideration of the meritorious conduct of the members of the battalion of soldiers lately released from the military prison in Lynchburg, and their good conduct during the late operations of the enemy in the immediate vicinity of that city, the President directs that as soon as their present organization is broken up the men be returned to their respective commands without further investigation of or punishment for the offenses with which they are individually charged.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

