HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,One and a half Miles from Shepherdstown,

On the Road to Martinsburg, July 30, 1864.

Major J. STODDARD JOHNSTON:

MAJOR: By maneuvering more than fighting the enemy's infantry and cavalry (about 1,500, so far as I can learn) compelled me to fall back to this point, and they are now in possession of Shepherdstown and still moving to flank me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., August 1, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 28th ultimo relative to the orders given Brigadier-General Morgan. It only reached me this morning when I was about to address you on the suggestion of the President in reference to a telegram lately received from General Morgan, stating that he did not consider his department threatened at present, and proposing an expedition to interrupt General Sherman's communication. As the most satisfactory mode of presenting the whole matter, I send herewith a copy of telegram and the President's indorsement upon it. It is difficult to reconcile General Morgan's assurance of security with his previous information and the strong representations of danger made to the Department by Senator Haynes and others. It is probable he may have obtained subsequently more reliable information that the enemy had withdrawn or abandoned their threatening designs, but I think the probability is that, acting on your suggestion, he has obtained General Breckinridge's consent to the retention of Vaughn's brigade with him, and that he deems that force adequate to defend the salt-works. If he could be safely spared for such an enterprise as he proposes it might prove advantageous, but he is only too apt to be seduced off by the prospect of an independent and adventurous expedition, and without the sanction of your judgment I should hesitate to grant the permission. His own special command (represented as a small brigade of cavalry) is stated to be an irregular and rather disorderly force, and if he could be permanently detached, sent with it to cut Sherman's communication, and required to report to General Wheeler so that he and his men could be brought under the discipline and control of a regular army organization I have no doubt it would be advantageous to the service. I fear, however, such disposition of his force at this time would not be expedient, and certainly not unless it meet the approval of your judgment, and the substitution of some other force in Southwestern Virginia could be provided. I shall give no instructions in answer to General Morgan's telegram, but submit his movements to your discretion and control.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

