
posed expedition to the rear of Sherman, but prefers that it secure from the advance of the enemy in Southwestern Virginia he should make a diversion in Northwestern Virginia and Pennsylvania. The best course, I presume, will be to leave him to General Lee's direction.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 5, 1864.

I concur in the conclusion that General Lee is best qualified to judge of the positions to be occupied and movements to be made by the troops of his command, and should be left to the free exercise of his discretion in such details.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,August 3, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Early directs that you cook two days' rations of flour and one of beef at once, and be ready to move at daylight to-morrow. Let the brigade in Martinsburg remain there, and send its wagons, &c., to it.

I am, general, respectfully, &c.,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &C.,August 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Inclosed I send you copy of your note of this morning. The brigade was ordered promptly, and a section of artillery sent with it. It is before now in Martinsburg. The order for the brigade was issued verbatim with yours. To avoid all misapprehension I wrote you informally to say that the construction of your order was that the brigade was to go no farther than Martinsburg, and to picket all the roads leading to that place. Having no information of the route by which the train went to Hedgesville, or will return, I will be glad if you will inform me whether this construction is correct, or whether you desired any part of the infantry to accompany the train as guard.

Respectfully and truly,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, &C.,August 3, 1864.

The train was ordered with a regiment of cavalry as escort, and the brigade of infantry was only to be at Martinsburg to prevent approach from Shepherdstown or Harper's Ferry.

Respectfully, &c.,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

