HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HASKIN,

Commanding Division:

COLONEL: The chief engineer, Department of Washington, reports that brush is growing on the approached to the works constituting your line in such quantities as to militate against the proper use of the means of defense given to them. The major-general commanding directs that, commencing at Fort Summer, you employ the available force of your command, with such tools as you can procure, in removing the cover alluded to.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HASKIN'S DIVISION, Numbers 78. July 5, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. In compliance with instructions from department headquarters, Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, will move from Fort Lincoln to Fort Sumner, without delay. The commanding officer will report to Colonel Marble, commanding Second Brigade, as soon as practicable after the arrival of his company at Fort Sumner. The brigade quartermaster of First Brigade will furnish the necessary transportation. If this company has not already been provided with muskets and equipments the command officer will at once procure them.

By order of Colonel Haskin:

R. CHANDLER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,

July 5, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Brigadier General A. p. Howe,

Baltimore Depot:

As soon as the One hundred and seventieth Ohio National Guard arrives at the depot, you will please proceed with it as far as you can on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, toward Harper's Ferry. Should it be necessary to enable you to carry out your previous instructions, you will await there the arrival of the dismounted cavalry and battery, which will be forwarded to you the moment they are ready. When they join you, proceed with them the Harper's Ferry, and turn them over as directed previously. Take with you wherever you find them on the road the three batteries (armed as infantry) that left here this morning. You had better leave and officer of your staff to come on with the troops that are to follow you. I take it for granted that you have given the necessary orders to the battery that is to accompany you.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

