
MONOCACY, July 5, 1864

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR:

I arrived here with the Ohio regiment at 5 p. m. Union forces on Maryland Heights. Enemy in possession of other side of river. I shall endeavor to reach Maryland Heights to-night with a portion if not all of the force that left Washington to-day. Cavalry has reached Point of Rocks.

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 5, 1864.

Colonel GAMBLE,

Commanding, Camp Stoneman:

I wish you to send a lieutenant and ten men to remain a few days in the vicinity of Upper Marlborough to watch the roads there leading down the peninsula toward Point Lookout, and to report daily, if there is anything like small bodies of cavalry (rebels) going down that way. Send the balance of the company with you down the telegraph road to port Tobacco to report the same thing and to see that the telegraph line is not disturbed. From Port Tobacco let a small party be sent in the direction of Point Lookout for the same purpose. Let this party report daily, too, and you will send these reports as soon as received to these headquarters. Report by return of orderly when this company gets off. Let them take as may days' rations of subsistence and oats as they can carry on their horses.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 5, 1864 - 9. 10 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Via Pittsburgh and Parkersburg:

The rebels have for two days back been operating against Martinsburg, Harper's Ferry, and other points on the line of the Baltimore railroad. These points being within your department you are expected to take promptly such measures as may be proper to meet the emergency. This Department has for some time been without any information as to where your forces are and how employed. You will please report to the Adjutant-General the position of your forces, and acknowledge the receipt of this telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

