
PARKERSBURG, W. VA., July 5, 1864 - 12 m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of this date. I am here pushing on my command as fast as possible toward Martinsburg. Forty car-roads of infantry left this morning for New Creek. I make a more detailed report to Adjutant-General.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Parkersburg, W. Va.:

General Grant has revoked the order that you report to him in person, and directs that you take the immediate direction of operations against the enemy's forces now threatening Maryland and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

PARKERSBURG, W. VA., July 5, 1864 - 12 m.

(Received 2. 15 p. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

My whole command is under orders for this place, and will be embarked as rapidly as railroad transportation can be furnished for Cumberland, New Creek, and Martinsburg. Thirteen hundred infantry left this morning to report to General Kelley. Others will be sent off this evening. Every exertions will be made to expel the enemy as fast as possible from the portion of the Valley in which they are operating. I think the force of General Sigel, if properly managed, was amply sufficient to have driven back the enemy.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 5, 1864.

(Received 1. 50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Virginia side of Harper's Ferry evacuated at 8 p. m. yesterday successfully by Weber. Pontoon taken up, and two western spans of our Potomac bridge destroyed. Enemy occupy Ferry, Sigel's advance from Sharpsburg reached Maryland Heights at 9 last evening. He also arrived in person. Results of his fighting or that of Mulligan yet unknown, but believed to be immaterial. Enemy at Ferry, behind stone wall at the margin of the river, and shelling Sigel's column as it ascended Heights - Maryland side. All this was

