
CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 5, 1864.

(Received 5. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Agent Ford Telegraphs from Wheeling, W. Va., viz:

WHEELING, July 5, 1864.

Enemy have fallen back after partially destroying Patterson's Creek bridge. They advanced to the North Branch, but were driven back by General Kelley's men. Latest from South Branch 6 p. m. yesterday. Messenger reported to Mr. Willard, who says 100 men had their iron-clad car destroyed. They got in the block-house themselves, and defended it with so much bravery that the enemy left about 4 p. m., going east, leaving the bridge undisturbed. General Kelley thinks we are safe at Cumberland and west of it.

J. B. FORD.

The force of the enemy at and about Point of Rocks appears thus far not to have exceed at any time 150 men. Our passenger train yesterday was saved by the engineer reversing upon seeing a canalboat on fire in the vicinity. Thought the train was fired into but one man was struck - the fireman, who was badly wounded. A detachment with a few guns could doubtless clear that point, and insure the continuance at present of the communication with Harper's Ferry. Our telegraph operator at Point of Rocks has remained in the vicinity, repairing the wires, and communicating with is whenever the enemy moved to the other side of the river. General Weber at 8 last p. m. ordered the destruction by fire of two spans of the trestle bridge at Harper's Ferry, 273 feet in length, adjoining the Virginia shore. We had previously urged the protection of the great iron spans now up, as far as military necessity would permit. We can rapidly restore the two spans destroyed, if the remainder can be preserved, which we trust, with the full command of the point by heavy artillery, can be accomplished.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

P. S. - I have ordered a large force to immediately reconstruct the portion of Patterson's Creek bridge destroyed. I trust it will be up in time for movements from the west.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 5, 1864 - 5. 40 p. m.

J. W. GARRETT,

Camden Station:

You say telegraphic communication is re-established with Sandy Hook. Well, what does Sandy Hook say about operations of enemy and of Sigel's doings to-day?

A. LINCOLN.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, July 5, 1864.

(Received 1 a. m. 6th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN:

Our officers report that General Sigel's losses have been quite trifling and that his whole force is now in possession of Maryland Heights. Our telegraph station is two miles from that location, and I have found it impossible to-night to obtain satisfactory informa-

5 R R - VOL XXXVII, PT II

