
tion. But little fighting has occurred during the day, being confined almost exclusively to the sharpshooters on each side of the river. It is reported that an attack was expected this p. m., but no such movement has yet occurred. It is added that General Sigel has abundance of supplies of all descriptions. I have sent following telegram, but have yet no response:

General F. SIGEL,

Sandy Hook:

I trust you can preserve the remainder of the bridge. It is reported the rebels are destroying the track west of Harper's Ferry. Can you not prevent this? Twenty-five hundred re-enforcements, with a battery, will reach you this evening. General Kelley has repulsed attack upon North and South Branch and Patterson's Creek bridges. General Hunter is pressing rapidly forward from the west. I trust he will soon be in communication and aid you in overwhelming the enemy.

I will promptly communicate any information of interest I can obtain.

JOHN W. GARRETT.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 5, 1864.

(Received 6. 50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Agent Ford reports at 4. 45 this p. m. that not much damage had been done west, and repairs commenced on Patterson's Creek bridge this morning; that but thirty feet of trestling at South Branch is damaged. He advises that the movement from Parkersburg east to-day is progressing, and that it is being hastened as rapidly as possible. Our officers are about starting with engine from Monocacy to Sandy Hook, being advised that there is now force at Point of Rocks for protection. They started that the troops from Washington are being unloaded at Monocacy. I mention this as heretofore we supposed they were destined for Harper's Ferry. It is stated that there is appearance of fire on our line a few miles from Harper's Ferry, which indicates that the track is being torn up and burned. I have asked General Sigel to prevent his if practicable.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

[JULY 5, 1864. - For Sigel to Adjutant-General and General Hunter, reporting operations, &amp;c., see Part I, pp. 176, 177.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Duncan, July 5, 1864.

Captain H. M. BURLEIGH:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the 400 men sent to Major Merrian have been posted. I think they are sufficient for all emergencies. The major is away; he will be at your headquarters before he returns.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. B. SMITH,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

