
one of the most important, duties of a soldier, and must never be regarded in the light of a punishment, but rather as a privilege and a mark of distinction. Regulations require that all persons of whatever rank in the service shall observe respect toward sentinels. It is manifestly improper, therefore, that respect should be shown to those deserving punishment. It is wisely provided that sentinels should be relieved at short intervals, in order that they may be necessary rest be enabled to perform their duty while on post with greater vigilance; yet this extra tour of duty is designed to fatigue them, thereby rendering them careless and inefficient, and defeating entirely the intentions of the service. The practice, therefore,has a tendency to degrade a highly honorable calling, and must be discontinued in this department. The inspecting officers of this army corps are hereby directed to report promptly any violation of this order.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., July 2, 1864.

(Via Cairo 8th. Received 12.10 p. m. 8th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The First Division of the Nineteenth Army Corps, 6,200 strong, is arriving and will be embarked in the course of the night. They will reach Fort Monroe from the 8th to the 10th. This employes all the sea-going vessels we have here. The Second Division, 6,000 strong, will be in readiness to sail as soon as other vessel arrive. The sick of the regiments will be sent to New York, with the exception of those who will be fit for duty in twenty days;these last will follow their regiments to Fort Monroe.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

JULY 2, 1864.

General AUGUR:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that only three of the eight batteries be sent to the front at present. The other five can be organized and ready to move as occasion may require.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 163. July 2, 1864.

* * *

2. Companies E and F, Eighteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, having reported at these headquarters, will proceed without delay to Laurel, Md., and relieve two companies of the Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, now guarding the Washington and

