
MONOCACY STATION, July 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Department:

You will send to this point immediately Alexander's battery. You will also send transportation to Relay House for Eleventh Maryland Infantry.

By order of Major General L. Wallace:

JAS. R. ROSS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

JULY 5, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

Major-General WALLACE,

Monocacy Junction:

Your dispatch received all right. In less than two hours they will be on the road. Am keeping matters well in hand here and ready to co-operate. The Union Leagues are working. I will attend to them.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Third Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: You are hereby directed to put Alexander's battery, Baltimore Light Artillery, en route at once for the Monocacy Junction. A train of cars will be in readiness at Camden Station. Three days' rations and forage must be issued. The caissons must be filled with ammunition and a memorandum sent at once to the ordnance officer Eighth Army Corps of the caliber required, in order that extra supply may be forwarded. Lose no time.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. KENLY,

Commanding Third Separate Brigade:

SIR: You are hereby requested to issue instructions to the guards at the bridges on the Baltimore and Wilmington Railroad, at the Bush, Back, and Gunpowder River, to be constantly on the alert and to keep as strong guard on post as their strength will allow. The company at Havre de Grace has been in a former order, directed to take up their quarters ferry-boat; this they will continue to do, but will post a sufficient number of sentinels at the boat landing or bridges on both sides of the Susquehanna to protect the property. The officer in command of the company on the boat will be instructed to keep his men well in hand, and at all times during the crossing of trains the company must be formed and ready for service. Any information that can be obtained by

