
WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 5, 1864 - 7. 10 p. m.

Major-General CADWALADER,

Philadelphia:

The following instruction* has been given by this Department to General Couch:

* * * * * * *

You will please take every measure in your power to aid General Couch, and raise in Philadelphia such force as may be sufficient to protect the State from a raid, if it should be attempted. Please acknowledge this order. Acknowledge receipt of these instructions.

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of war.

CHAMBERSBURG, July 5, 1864.

Major-General COUCH,

(Care Governor Curtin):

Lieutenant Draper, commanding at Hagerstown, telegraphs that he just received information that the enemy is advancing at mercersville, strength not known. Lieutenant Draper has under his command seventy-five men and two officers; states that he is picketing every road and scouting the river crossings. Generals Sigel and Stahel went to Harper's Ferry at noon yesterday. A large amount of Government stores and from 500 to 700 horses at Hagerstown. The enemy burned a large number of loaded boats at Slackwater, ten miles distant from hagerstown, at 10 p. m. yesterday. I have directed Lieutenant Draper to send out reliable scouts and ascertain the movements of the enemy and to see for themselves.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, July 5, 1864.

Major General D. N. COUCH:

Lieutenant McLean just reports that the enemy, about 300 strong, are within three miles of Hagerstown on the Sharpsburg pike. They appear to be mounted infantry. I have directed him to resist his advance and keep his line open, and not the destroy the Government property until he finds that he cannot hold the town; also to drive off all the Government animals at once.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, July 5, 1864.

Major SCHULTZE:

Inform McLean, at Hagerstown, that our forces from Frederick drove in the rebel Johnson's picket at Boonsborough this evening.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Stanton to Couch, July 4, p. 58.

---------------

