
CHAMBERSBURG, July 5, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

The enemy drove McLean's pickets into town, when he charged on them, and when last heard from Stanwood was about fifty yards behind, giving them a volley almost every jump. They are now about six miles out.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, July 5, 1864.

Major-General COUCH:

Lieutenant Stanwood has returned to Hagerstown, bringing with him one rebel lieutenant and two privates. They pressed him closely as he fell back. Several of his men and horses are wounded. Will let you know shortly what the enemy are about.

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, July 5, 1864.

Major SCHULTZE:

Use every effort to warn the people of the rebel advance in order that their stock may be thrown north of Chambersburg, provided the rebels get Hagerstown. McLean's communications on his flanks should be well watched, and he must not hold on to long. It is pretty certain that Ewell's forces are near the Potomac, perhaps east of Harper's Ferry.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 5, 1864 - 4. 20 p. m.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

The following telegram has been sent to Governor Seymour:

The President directs me to inform you that a rebel force, variously estimated at from 15,000 to 20,000 men, have invaded the State of Maryland, and have taken Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry, and the threatening other points; that the public safety required him to call upon the State Executives for a militia force to repel this invasion. He, therefore, directs me to call on you for a militia force of 12,000 men from your State, to serve not more than 100 days, and to request that you will, with the utmost dispatch, forward the troops to washington by rail or stream-boat, as may be most expeditious. Please favor me with an answer at your earliest convenience.

You will please confer with the authorities of the State, and ascertain whether the call of the President will be filled, and render your aid in forwarding the troops without delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

