
Baltimore Railroad. The commanding officer will receive his instructions from the commanding officer detachment Veteran Reserve Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Upon being relieved by two companies of the Eighteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, the two companies of the Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, now at Laurel, Md., will proceed at once to this city, and report to the commanding officer of their regiment for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * *

By command of Major-General Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER UNION LIGHT GUARD,

(Through Colonel Wisewell, Military Governor):

CAPTAIN: The major-general directs that you transfer your command to the Soldier's Home, and that hereafter you be in readiness to send an escort with the President of the United States, on his trips to this city and returning. The strength of these escorts will be designated by His Excellency the President.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Company K, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Vols.,

(Through Colonel Wisewell, Military Governor:)

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you transfer your command to the vicinity of Soldiers' Home, where your duties will be to perform the same duty relative to the summer residence of His Excellency the President of the United States as you have heretofore done at the Executive Mansion in this city. Upon application to the quartermaster's department (Lieutenant-Colonel Greene) you will be furnished with the necessary transportation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 2, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

West Virginia:

General Grant says that such of your forces as are not required to hold the Kanawha Valley should be brought back to the line of the

