
is apparently not filled. The water barrels and buckets are under the charge of the railroad men or bridge tenders. Captain Sims has no boats. He thinks he ought to have them to guard against firing the bridge from the under side. The defense of the bridge is very imperfect, owing to the dilapidation and decay of Fort Jackson. The railroad cuts through the parapet and there are no gates except at turnpike entrance. The railroad crossed the ditch of the fort on a bridge which is not floored, but an enemy could soon cover it so as to make it passable. Cavalry could also ride around to the lower side of the fort and come in on the bridge.

I remark:

First. That I do not think the guard is sufficient. I think there should be two companies at this bridge.

Second. That although Fort Jackson may want some repairs, I am of opinion, even as it is, that fifty determined men in it could stop any cavalry raid.

Third. A section of artillery with artillerists at this end of the bridge would afford all the additional security that we require.

Respectfully submitted.

B. S. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 6, 1864 - 4. 40 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Parkersburg:

You cannot be too speedy in your movements in this direction with your whole force.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1864 - 2. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Via Parkersburg, W. Va.:

General Sigel reports that the enemy has been crossing at Antietam Ford and Shepherdstown for forty hours in large force. * It is important that your troops be brought forward as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[JULY 6, 1864. - For Sigel to Adjutant-General and General Hunter, see Part I, pp. 177, 178.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 6, 1864 - 12. 57 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Maryland Heights:

You will report immediately to this Department what measures you have taken to prevent the enemy from carrying away the public

---------------

* See Part I, p. 177.

---------------

