
stores you abandoned at Martinsburg, and if you have not taken any, whether you mean to take none. Also, how you are employing your force at the present time, and what the strength of that force is. *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION,July 6, 1864.

Mr. J. w. GARRETT,

President of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Your dispatch received. The rebels are not destroying any bridges at this point. They probably have destroyed considerable of the track west of Harper's Ferry. I do not see how I can prevent their occupation of the Virginia side, having only two regiments that are at all reliable. General Kelley says General Sullivan reached New Creek last night. The enemy's cavalry was at Boonsborough yesterday evening and more coming from Shepherdstown.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, July 6, 1864.

(Received 12. 40 a. m. 7th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Our agent reports at 9. 50 this p. m. that General Sigel has determined to send a force to Harper's Ferry to-morrow a. m. to bring away forage that is there yet undisturbed. He adds there are but seventy-five rebels reported at the Ferry, and that there has been no fighting except at long range since the 4th. General Tyler's scouts report that they have been west of Monocacy a considerable distance, and found no enemy. Our agent states that long, low fires are in view from Ferry, believed to arise from the continued destruction of our track.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION,

July 6, 1864.

To the officers and soldiers of the command:

In case of an attack of the enemy, I put my full confidence in the officers and men of the command. I wish and direct the commanders of brigades and regiments to instruct their officers and men thoroughly in their respective duties, and especially that they should keep cool and quiet like good soldiers; that the men spare their ammunition; that the men do not fire except when they see the enemy distinctly, and that if the enemy should come too near, they will use their bayonets and charge him. Commanders will see that their men and provided with water and three days' rations, to be stored behind the lines; that the men are not over fatigued, but rested whenever there is an opportunity; that they allow them to procure

---------------

* See Sigel's report, Part I, p. 177.

---------------

