
water, &amp;c., so that they are able to perform their duties at the right moment. I thank the officers and men for their excellent conduct during the campaign, and am confident that whenever and wherever we are attacked, we will give the enemy a good reception, and by holding out bravely, frustrate his plans. This order to be read at the head of every regiment, battalion, and independent company.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Duncan, July 6, 1864 - 9. 30 a. m.

Captain BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I applied for the following men last night, and understood General Weber that he would furnish them from the Second Battalion, Fifth [New York] Artillery: 100 are here, 60 at Battery Sullivan, and 200 at Stone Fort. If I am to have the rest, and I want them, and 100 more here, 40 to Battery Sullivan, 80 to Spur Battery, 100 to the 100-pounder, and 100 to Stone Fort. The above to be sent will make what I want for a support. I recapitulate the whole required: Fort Duncan, 200 men; Battery Sullivan, 80 men; Spur Battery, 80 men; 30-pounder battery, 60 men; mortar battery, 50 men; 100-pounder battery, 100 men; Stine Fort, 300 men; total, 870. Already distributed, 380. Now wanted, 490. If I have these men they are to be subject to my orders. I do not want to have the field officers to control any battery or to countermand any order of mine.

Respectfully, &c.,

G. F. MERRIAM,

Major and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS,Maryland Heights, July 6, 1864.

General KELLEY:

Since my last dispatch the state of things is very little changed. The enemy is crossing over at Shepherdstown, mounted and dismounted; the latter picking up horses as they go along. A part of the enemy's cavalry was at Boonsborough yesterday p. m. It is not know whether any infantry is crossing at that point. Our cavalry is now in Pleasant Valley. The troops from the west should be sent east as far as possible by rail, and then march north of the Potomac toward Sharpsburg. It is impossible, under the present circumstances, to make an aggressive movement from this point, having but two regiments that can be relied on.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 6, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Maryland Heights (Via Frederick):

Your telegram of this a. m. received. I have nothing new to-day. Enemy have retreated from my immediate front. We are

