
rapidly repairing the bridges; trains will cross to-morrow morning. None of General Hunter's troops have yet arrived. General Sullivan is expected to-night with a portion of his division. I presume it is the intention of General Hunter to push his troops east by rail as far as practicable and as soon as possible.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[JULY 6, 1864. - For Kelley to Hunter, reporting attack at Sir John's Run, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 187.]

BALTIMORE, MD., July 6, 1864.

General KELLEY:

The Secretary of War telegraphs to me that General Hunter reports from Parkersburg, that he is pushing forward rapidly. I have ordered our agents and officers to do all that is possible upon every part of the line to hasten the movement of his force to your immediate aid. I trust that you can maintain yourself securely until his arrival. It is most important that you prevent the destruction of bridges. Keep open communication so that these forces shall be thrown rapidly to the aid of General Sigel at Harper's Ferry. If rapidly connected the best result may be accomplished.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CUMBERLAND, July 6, 1864 - 4 p. m.

J. B. FORD, Esq.,

Wheeling:

Nothing important to-day. The enemy has retreated from my immediate front. We are rapidly repairing the bridge; trains will cross to-morrow morning. General Sullivan is expected to-night with a portion of his division. General Sigel holds Maryland Heights. Enemy in force opposite, with pickets extending to the river-bank. The enemy's cavalry on the north side of Potomac near Sharpsburg. Much obliged for telegram.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, July 6, 1864.

Colonel STEVENSON,

New Creek:

You will return to Greenland Gap with your command without delay; take with you the company from Oakland. McNeill has been driven from the railroad below. He will now endeavor to reach it at some point west. Keep the country well scouted, and keep yourself fully advised of all his movements.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

