
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, so that by operating from that base they can prevent any raid into Maryland. He says that Ewell's corps has returned to his front, but he hears nothing of Breckinridge.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 42. Charleston, W. Va., July 2, 1864.

I. Brigadier-General Averell will direct Brigadier-General Duffie to report to the major-general commanding, with his division, and Brigadier-General Duffie will hereafter be under the exclusive orders of the major-general commanding.

II. Brigadier-General Averell will report for orders to Brigadier-General Crook, who is hereby assigned to the command of all the troops in the valley of the Kanawha, and in West Virginia, west of the Alleghany Mountains and south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and General Crook is charged with the prompt and efficient reorganization of the forces under his command.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 120. Charleston, W. Va., July 2, 1864.

* * *

6. Brigadier General A. N. Duffie will detail one regiment to serve as an escort to the Artillery Brigade, commanded by Captain H. A. Du Pont, chief of artillery, during its march to Parkersburg, W. Va.

The commanding officer of the regiment will confer with Captain Du Pont relative to the march, and regulate the marches of his regiment to correspond with those of the artillery.

* * *

8. The Artillery Brigade, commanded by Captain H. A. Du Point, U. S. Army, will proceed by march to Parkersburg, on arriving at which place it will be furnished with transportation by rail to Martinsburg, where Captain Du Pont will report to the commanding officer for orders.

* * *

12. Captain H. A. Du Pont, Battery B, Fifth U. S. Artillery, is hereby authorized to send 120 superfluous men of his command with 3 supernumerary officers to Martinsburg, W. Va., with the infantry division of Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

