
CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 6, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Continental Hotel, Philadelphia;

Nothing new from any quarter during the night. Sigel appears to be holding the Maryland Heights securely, and the enemy have not done much damage to the railroad. Hunter will probably be up to-day with part of his fore, which no doubt will make everything secure; but we shall want more 100-days' troops, so as to let Hunter operate elsewhere with Grant. Governor Seymour answers the President's call handsomely, and Governor Andrew also promises some, so that we shall not be compelled again to undergo the same of having a State Executive disown the national service, and require his troops to be sworn into the State service to repel an invasion.

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PHILADELPHIA, July 6, 1864.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My whole military organization is now in service. I doubt the policy of withdrawing those now under arms in the State. If you do not get what you want, Ohio must make another effort to supply you, but we only do it under a call for 100-days' volunteers, and that may complicate our response to your call for longer term men.

JNO. BROUGH.

MONOCACY, July 6, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The following dispatch just received from General Sigel, dated Sandy Hook, July 6:

The enemy appears to be moving in string force toward Frederick; size of numbers not yet ascertained. Principal force, from reports received this a. m., moves by Shepherdstown, Sharpsburg, and Hagerstown. Our cavalry is at Pleasant Valley, having just returned from Point of Rocks. From the strength of the enemy in my front, and from all the information, I am almost certain that his forces consist of one corps and three divisions of infantry, and 3,000 cavalry. Early, B. T. Johnson, McCausland, Major-General Ransom, and Imboden are in command. My advance is skirmishing three miles north of here, and there is also skirmishing between our force here and at Harper's Ferry.

LEW WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MONOCACY, July 6, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK:

If I can have the use of Clendenin's cavalry, now in this neighborhood, I think I can keep open the communication to Harper's Ferry. Can you let it report to me a short time?

LEW WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding Middle Department.

