
Cumberland Valley to assemble at Chambersburg, where I will arm and feed them, awaiting Governor Curtin's orders. I think the call for 12,000 men will be filled by old troops.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA. July 6, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of war:

I have no information from Shepherdstown or Sharpsburg. Scouts report 1,000 cavalry at Middleburg. My advance, now at Greencastle, reports 500 at that place. Of a line of scouts engaged not one has come in with information. I should think that General Sigel's scouts could readily observe from the mountains running north from Maryland Heights what is done at Antietam Ford.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Numbers 154. Chambersburg, Pa., July 6, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Martial law is hereby declared in Chambersburg, Pa.

3. In consequence of the approach of the enemy, it becomes the duty of the commanding general to call upon the citizens of Chambersburg able to carry arms to assemble at once in the Diamond for the purpose of organizing companies for its defense. After the issue of this orders, no citizen will be permitted to go beyond the limits of the town without a pass from the provost-marshal of the same. After will be furnished by Major C. H. Meneely, aide-de-camp.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. CHULTZE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Chambersburg, Pa., July 6, 1864.

CITIZENS OF FRANKLIN COUNTY:

In obedience to the proclamation of the Governor of pennsylvania, dated Harrisburg, July 5, 1864, calling for 12,000 militia volunteer infantry to serve for 100 days, unless sooner discharged, the commanding general requests that all old soldiers and others responding to the above call will assemble at Chambersburg at once to be organized by the Government. Arms, subsistence, and clothing will be furnished by the military authorities. Information has been received to the effect that the Pennsylvania Reserves throughout the State are turning out en masse.

By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. CHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

