
HARRISBURG, PA., July 6, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of war;

I beg leave to call your attention to the dispatch of General Couch this morning. I notice that troops mustered into the service of the State the united States could not pay them. To be called and organized as suggested by the general, will, I hope, produce and effective force. To call militia generally, although we might get a large force, it would require time to organize and prepare for service. If mustered for 100 days we could use the officers of returned regiments, and would get most of the privates. I wish to make the additional call this afternoon. An organized force of 10,000 men in this department, and 12,000 at Washington, will give substantial aid to the Government.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 6, 1864 - 4. 20 p. m.

Governor CURTIN:

Your telegram just received. I have informed General Couch that your arrangements is satisfactory with the exception that the troops should be mustered into the service of the United States and not of the State; the term not to exceed 100 days from the date of mustering in the regiment, and the troops not to be required to serve elsewhere than in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and the District of Columbia and its vicinity. I suppose they would serve as readily around Washington and Alexandria as anywhere, and it is not desired to send troops for a short term south. General Grant now thinks the enemy has a large force moving north. The number you mention, with what can come from New York and Massachusetts, if forwarded soon, may be of very important service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 6, 1864.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. I will call for 12,000 additional volunteers for 100 days, under terms stated, and will do all in my power to fill the requisition. Please order arms, equipments, clothing, &amp;c., for additional troops.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 6, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Governor SEYMOUR, Albany:

A telegram from General Grant, just received, states his belief is now that the enemy have moved a large force to operate in the

7 R R - VOL XXXVII, PT II

