
North. General Sigel reports that between 20,000 and 30,000 have crossed the Potomac at Antietam Ford and Shepherdstown. No further intelligence has been received.

EDWIN. M. STANTON.

Secretary of war.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The Veteran Reserve regiment in New York City will be sent here without waiting to be relieved by a militia regiment.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 7, 1864.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The number of dismounted cavalry sent from here reaches nearly 3,000 men; the whole force sent about 9,000. Will it not answer your purposes to retain the artillery you were preparing to send here to distribute among the 100-days' men, instead of sending back a regiment of heavy artillery? It breaks up a brigade to send one of these large regiments now. The dismounted cavalry took with them such arms and accouterments as they had, but they were not completely armed. Won't Couch do well to command until Hunter reaches? All of General Sigel's operations from the beginning of the war have been so unsuccessful that I think it advisable to relieve him from all duty; at least until present troubles are over. I do not feel certain at any time that he will not, after abandoning stores, artillery, and trains, make a successful retreat to some safe place.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 7, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 8th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The artillery to send to you has been sent to Harper's Ferry; moreover they were not drilled as heavy artillery. One regiment of the latter is almost indispensable to mix in with militia who can scarcely fire a gun. Sigel has been removed from Harper's Ferry and Howe sent to take his place till Hunter arrives. Nothing heard from the latter to-day. Of Couch, Ord, and Gillmore, I think the latter the best and have sent for him to-night. Early and Breckinridge are unquestionably in this raid, which is probably larger than we first supposed. Their special object is not yet developed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

