1887.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROOKS. There are some people who
ask foolish questions. _ [Laughter.] Parlia-
mentary propriety forbids me to say to the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania that
so well informed a gentleman as he should
never ask so foolish a question as that, about
a fact tiiat is notorious to the whole public.
[Laughter.] Sir, there are large extents of
Territory in Oregon, in California, iufinitely
further removed from the legal action of their
own States, from the processes of law which
are necessary for the convocation of Congress j
there are Territories not reached by telegraph,
not reached by railroads, which have rendered
it practically impossible for a State like Cali-
fornia to be represented upon the floor of this
House.
Ex-cept in the dark and doubtful period of
the war, when it was necessary for an early
assemblage here, from three to eight months
notice lias been given of the convocation of
Congress by legislative enactment. The act
of 1789 gave three months' notice ; the act of
1791 seven months ; the act of 1792 six months ;
the act of 1794 five months; the act of 1797
eight months; the act of 1800 five and a half
mouths; the act of 1803 eight months; the
act of 18W seven months; the act of 1808 six
months; the act of January 7, 1809, four
months; the act of June, 1809, five months;
the act of 1812 four months; the act of Feb-
ruary, 1813, three months; the act of July,
1)813, four months; the act of 1818 six months;
the act of 1820 five months. And now, in the
midst of the greatest crisis through which our
country lias ever passed, only one month and
nine days' notice has been given for the thirty
million people of the United States to be rep-
resented on the floor of this House. Hence
these vacancies in the northern States; hence
old States like Connecticut, Rhode Island, New
Hampshire, three of the original thirteen, are
about to be disfranchised by you if you act here
with those States unrepresented upon this floor.
You have the power, but I deny the right.
It is a violent and extraordinary exercise of
power, not to be justified for one Congress
immediately thus to convoke another.
There are those out of these Halls who have
called the Congress which has just expired the
lump Congress. I indulge in no such phrase-
ology upon this floor. I respect my associates
who are about me, and therefore 1 indulge in no
such allusions to the history of Cromwell and
of the Independents and Presbyterians of old.
But while I indulge in no such allusion, I
caution the House not to deserve of this coun-
try, by assuming to legislate for it now, not
only the name of rump Congress, but of rump
of a rump Congress.
Sir, there are those who believe this is not
as thus assembled a legal, constitutional Con-
gress. . I am not lawyer enough to pronounce
an opinion upon that point. I do not believe
it to be a de jure Congress, nor that this is a
de jure Government created by this Congress:
but I recognize it as a de facto Congress,_ if
not de jure, and therefore 1 obey its authority
as I would the authority of a de facto Govern-
ment if I were under the dominion of the Turk,
the Tartar, the Camanche. the Ojibbeway, or
the Potawatomie. [Laughter.] I respect au-
thority wherever it may be presented. I bow
to the omnipotence of force, and entertaining
these views, which are concurred in by those
■who act with me on party questions, we bow,
but while we bow we have prepared a solemn
protest against any further revolutionary action
unon the part of this House until a full Con-
gress is assembled.
B Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
o-entlenian allow me a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
the gentleman from New Yoik to stale whether
it is not the fact that the most important Con-
•n-ess that ever assembled in this nation, both
in its action and its results, was convened by
proclamation upon sixty days notice, and that,
too, in the absence of some of the States of
this Union ?
Mr. BROOKS. As to the right and power
of the President by proclamation to convoke
Congress, no one disputes that, but there are
those who dispute—I do not—the right of one
Congress thus to assemble another without the
intervention of a proclamation from the Presi-
dent; but I do say that in all our history no
act like this, so utterly unprecedented has
been done; a spectacle like that exhibited
here this houf has never before been seen in
this country, the spectacle of a Speaker retiring
from his seat, and amid the confusion of his
exit another Congress in which sixteen States
are unrepresented appearing on the floor of
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
from New York if ho has any recollection that
President Pierce called together an extra ses-
sion of Congress by proclamation on three days'
notice ?
Mr. BROOKS. I repeat what I said before,
that the right and power of the President by
proclamation to call Congress together is in-
disputable ; but. it was then in the power of the
States, by previous notice on the part of the
President, to be prepared, and although I
have not looked into the facts, yet I am not
certain that every State could not then have had
Representatives upon the floor of this House.
Nearly all the members of Congress were here.
I am told by one of my associates that it was
only the reassembling of a Congress that had
been previously organized, so that whatever
argument can be drawn from that interrogatory
is altogether without application to this case.
Mr. 'BROMWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly I will if the gen-
tleman insists, but I wish I could be permitted
to proceed with my remarks. I do not wish
to be discourteous on so solemn an occasion
as this.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would suggest, byway
of interrogatory, that inasmuch as the law lias
ordained the assembling of Congress on this
day, if there is anything wrong in it would it
not be better to organize-for the purpose of
applying the remedy? For if it be wrong for
Congress to meet here, six States being with-
out representation, then this body, without
organization, can do nothing to remedy that
state of things; and could not this body, if
organized, remedy it by changing the law, if
necessary? It seems to me that finding fault
with the law can in no way remedy the evil of
which the gentleman speaks.
Mr. BROOKS. I will reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, but T hope that gentleman
will allow me to proceed without further inter-
ruption.
In the first place, the gentleman is in error
in saying that there are but six States unrepre-
sented on this floor. There are sixteen States
unrepresented on this floor.
Mr. WOOD. There are seventeen. Ne-
braska is unrepresented.
Mr. BROOKS. Is there no Representative
of Nebraska here?
The CLERK. No representative from the
State of Nebraska has responded.
Mr. BROOKS. Then there are seventeen
States—one more than I named—absent from
the floor of the House, and there are here the
Representatives from twenty States attempting
to do the business of this Congress in the
absence of seventeen Slates.
And now a word as to the suggestion made by
my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr. Bko.m-
well.j that we should proceed to organize and
then correct whatever eiror I here may be in the
law hereafter. Why. Mr. Clerk, the organiza-
tion of this House is the possession and control
of and government of this House and of the
whole country. Upon the organization of this
House depends the selection of the committees
and the direction of public affairs : in fact the
whole government of the House is the organi-
zation of the House, to which we are called
upon to proceed so suddenly ; and if the hints
and indications which I hear or see in the
public press are to be realized, or, to speak
plainly, if the process of impeachment of the
President is to go on, or, what is more revo-
lutionary, a suspension of the President of the
United States by the action of this House, that
revolution—for it is a revolution, call it what
name you please—will be carried on by a com-
mittee of this House, who will have the whole
direction and conduct of that process of im-
peachment through this House.
I say, therefore, that the most serious of all
the steps we can take is the organization of the
House; and sir, in certain contingencies, in
case the President should be deposed, or in
case of his death, the Speaker of this House
might become President of the United States ;
so that in point of fact here, by our solemn
action to-day, we may be creating a President
of the United States. I protest, therefore,
under the full solemnities of the occasion, 1
protest before this Congress and before my
country, and in the presence of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] -who is to be the
leader in tins revolution, 1 protest most sol-
emnly against taking one further step until all
the States are fully represented upon the floor
of this House.
And now, Mr. Clerk, I will proceed to read
the protest, which, in due time, I shall as&T to
have entered upon the Journal of the House,
against any further action of this House of
Representatives until an organization can be
properly and legally effected :
Whereas it appears by the record just road that
the following States, seventeen in number, are not
now represented upon the iloor of this House: the
States of Now Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connec-
ticut, Virginia, Norrh Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, Tennessee, Kcntueky, California, Arkansas,
and Nebraska—States entitled by tha act of Congress
of March 4,1SG2, and subsequent acts, to a represent-
ation in Congress as tollor/s, namely: New Hamp-
shire, three Representatives; Rhode Island, two
Representatives; Connecticut,four Representatives;
Virginia, eisht Representatives; North Carolina,
coven Representatives; South Carolina, four Repre-
sentatives; Georgia,seven Representatives; Florida,
one Representative; Alabama, six Representatives;
Mississippi, five Representatives; Louisiana, five
Representatives; Texas, four Representatives; Ten-
nessee, eight Representatives; Kentucky, nine Rep-
resentatives; California, three Representatives;
Arkansas, three Representatives; and Nebraska,
one Representative: in all, eighty congressional dis-
tricts now unrepresented on the floor of this House;
and whereas of these unrepresented States, seven
are of the original thirteen that in 1787 met in Con-
vention and created the Constitution of the United
States, namely: New Hampshire, Rhode Island,
Connecticut. Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, and Georgia, a majority of the original thir-
teen : Therefore,
We, members-elect of the Fortieth Congress, do
now enter our most solemn protest against any and
every action tending to the organization of this
House until the absent States be more fully repre-
sented: _ ,
JAMES BROOKS, New York;
A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, Pennsylvania;
WILLIAM S. HOLMAN, Indiana:
W. E. NIBLACK, Indiana;
J. M. IIUMPRT1KY, New York;
JOHN A. NICHOLSON, Delaware;
CHARLES A. ELDRIDGE, Wisconsin;
>1. C. KERR, Indiana;
i'. TAX TROMP. Ohio ;
STEPHEN TABER. New York;
D. M. VAN AUKEX, Pennsylvania;
B. M. BOYER, Pennsylvania;
LEWIS W. ROSS, Illinois;
S. S. MARSHALL, Illinois;
CHARLES DENISON. Pennsylvania:
FCRNTANDO WOOD, New York;
STEVENSON ARCHER. Maryland;
J. LAWRENCiS GETZ, Pennsylvania:
T. E. NOELL, Missouri;
W. MUNGEN, Ohio:
W. E. ROBINSON, New York;
DBMAS BARNES, New York;
JOHN FOX, Now Y'ork;
ALBERT ft. BURR. Illinois:
JOHN MORRISSEY. New York;
F. STONE, Maryland;
GEORGE W.MORGAN. Ohio; .
CHARLES SITGREAVES, New Jersey;
CHARLES IIAIGHT, New Jersey ;
JOHN W. CHANLER, New York;
JOHN V. L. PRUYN, New Y ork.
I now ask that this he entered upon the
Journal as the protest of the minority of this
House.
The CLERK. The Clerk declines to enter-
tain any paper of the character of that indi-
cated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] or any other matterpendingtheactioh
of the House. The Clerk is now acting under
the law; his duties sre clearly prescribed ; and
