THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
it is impossible for him to entertain any mo-
tion or any business not consistent with the
organization of this House.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I do not propose
to submit any extended remarks in reply to
what has just been said by by the gentleman
from New Tork, [Mr. Brooks.] This body
is assembled in pursuance of law. That such
is the case is recognized by the gentleman from
New York and his associates from his and their
presence here. lie seems to have forgotten
that for more than four years ten of the States
enumerated by him, in the paper which he has
just read, waged a fearful war against this
Government. But that fact has not been for-
gotten by the people, nor is it forgotten by the
Representatives of the people here assembled.
I will not attempt to review the precedents he
has cited in connection with former extra ses-
sions of Congress. This is not an extra ses-
sion ; it is the first regular session of the For-
tieth Congress, convened in pursuance of law.
I now call the previous question on the reso-
lution I have submitted.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, to proceed to the election of
Speaker; and it was agreed to.
The CLERK. Nominations are now in order
for the office of Speaker.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now desire to
place in nomination for the office of Speaker
of this House of Representatives the name of
Sciiuyler Colfax, of Indiana. [Great ap-
plause on the floor and in the galleries.] In
doing so, Mr. Clerk, I may say that I believe
this nomination is concurred in by every mem-
ber of the political organization with which I
act. It is so heartily concurred in and be-
lieved to be a fit and proper nomination by
that organization that it has not been neces-
sary 1'or the party to hold any caucus whatever
on the subject. I submit the name I have
mentioned as a candidate for Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
.Mr. NICHOLSON. As it is the determi-
nation of this llonse to proceed to the election
of Speaker at this time, I place in nomina-
tion the name of Samuel S. Marshall, of Illi-
nois. [Applause from Democratic members.]
The CLERIC appointed to act as tellers,
Messrs. Banks, of Massachusetts, Eldbidge,
of Wisconsin, Paine, of Wisconsin, „ and
Boyek, of Pennsylvania.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
Speaker, with the following result, which was
announced by Mr. Banks on behalf of the
tellers:
Whole number of votes cast 157 ; necessary
to a choice 79 ; of which—
Mr. Colfax received 127
Mi'. Marshall  30
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Colfax—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks Beainnn. Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwcll, Bromwell, JSroomall. Bucldand, But-
ler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dinves, Dodge, Donnelly,Driggs, Ecklcy. Egsle-
ston, ISliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fin-
ney, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Ilalsey, Hamilton,
Hardin?, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asnhel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Ivelley, Kelsey, Xvetcham,
Kttehon, Koontz. Lailin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch. .Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Mooie, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb,
O'NYill. Orth, Paine, Polsley, Perham, Peters,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price,
Itaum. Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Sehenek, Sco-
field, Scly.e, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Stevens, Stewuit, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert!1. Van Horn, Van Wyek, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wclker, Tliotnas Williams, William Williams,
Jame* F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wmdom, and Woodbridge.
for 3 Jr. Marshall—Messr-:. Archer, Barnes, Boy or,
Brooks, Burr, Ohanler, Denison, Eldridgc, Fox, Getz,
Glo-,sbrennei, Haight, Holman, Humphrey, Kerr,
MeOiillough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungcn, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Taber, Van Auken, Van Troinp, and Wood.
The CLERK announced that Schuyler
Colfax, one of the Representatives froni the
State of Indiana, having received a majority
of all the votes given, was duly elected Speaker
of the House of Representatives for the For-
tieth Congress. [Applause.]
At the suggestion of the Clerk, Mr. Mar-
shall and Mr. Pomekoy conducted Mr, Col-
fax to the Chair, when he addressed the
House as follows :
Gentlemen : Elected for the third time to
this responsible and trying position, I appre-
ciate more than ever before the importance
of this trust, and realize more than when first
entering on its difficult duties the absolute
necessity of your confidence and support.
Nor do I overrate the gravity of our position
as American legislators.
" The years have never dropped their sand
Oil mortal issue vast and grand
As our's to-day."
A nation decimated by the conflicts of fra-
ternal strife, a land desolated by the destruct-
ive marches of hostile armies, a people with
the fruits of prolonged war ripened with the
gloomy harvest of hearts dead with the bullet,
as well as hearts heavy with bereavements and
broken with anguish, look anxiously, from
North and South alike, to this Capitol of our
continental domain.
But there is a pathway of duty, luminous
with light, and by that light should we walk.
It is to guide our steps by the justice of God
and the rights of man. It is to anchor our
legislation on what the great commoner of
England, John Bright, declares to be the sim-
ple but sublime principles on which great
national questions should be settled, the basis
of eternal right. It is to write on our banner
those words that will shine brighter than the
stars that gem the firmament—liberty, loyalty,
and law. It is to so make history that poster-
ity shall rise up and call us blessed.
Tins Congress which has just passed away
has written a record that will be long remem-
bered by the poor and the friendless, whom it
did not forget. Misrepresented or misunder-
stood by those who denounced it as enemies,
harshly and unjustly criticised by some who
should have been its friends, it proved itself
more faithful to human progress and libeity
than any of its predecessors. The outraged
and the oppressed found in these congressional
Halls champions and friends. Its key-note
of policy was protection to the downtrodden.
It quailed not before the mightiest and neg-
lected not the obscurest. It lifted the slave
whom the nation had freed up to the full
stature of manhood. It placed on our statute-
book the civil rights bill as our national Magna
Charta, grander than all the enactments that
honor the American code. And in all the
region whose civil governments had been de-
stroyed by a vanquished rebellion it declared
as a guarantee of defense to the weakest that
the freeman's hand should wield the freeman's
ballot, and that none but loyal men should
govern a land which loyal sacrifices had saved.
Taught, too, by inspiration that new wine could
not be safely put in old bottles, it proclaimed
that there could be no safe or loyal reconstruc-
tion on a foundation of unrepentant treason or
disloyalty.
Fortunate will it be for us if, when we sur-
render these seats to our successors, we can
point to a record which will shine on our his-
toric page like that of the Congress which has
just expired. Thrice fortunate if, when we
leave this Capitol, our whole national struc-
ture shall be permanently restored, resting on
the same foundation-stones of loyalty, unity,
liberty, and right.
With such convictions of duty, I come to
this chair to administer your rules, but not as
a partisan. I appeal to you for that generous
support by which alone a Presiding Officer can
be sustained, pledging you in return an inflex-
ible impartiality which shall be proved by my
deeds. And, invoking on your deliberations
the favor of Him who holds the destinies of
nations in the hollow of His hand,. I am now
ready to take the oath of office prescribed by
law.
Mr. DAWES, having served longest" contin-
uously as a member of the House, was desig-
nated by the Clerk to administer to the Speaker-
elect the oath prescribed by law; which was
done in the following" form :
"I, Schuyler Colfax, do solemnly swear that I
havo never voluntarily borne arms against the United
States since I have been a citizen thereof; that I have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or
encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; that I have neither sought nor ac-
cepted, nor attempted to exercise the functions
of any office whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within tho United States hostile or inimical
thereto.
" And X do further swear that, to the best of my
knowledge and ability, I will support and defend the
Constitution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I tako this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of
evasion; and that I will faithfully discharge the
duties of the office on which I am about to enter.
So help me God."
The SPEAKER then administered to the
members present the oath prescribed by law.
message from the senate.
The following message from the Senate was
delivered by Mr. Forney, its Secretary :
In Senate op the United States. March 4,186".
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two
members, be appointed, to join such committee as
may be appointed by tho House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the United .States and
inform him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and that the Senate is ready to receivo any
communication he may be pleased to make.
Ordered, That Mr. Trumbull and Mr. Buckalew
be the committee on the part of the Senate.
Attest: J.W.FORNEY,
Secretary.
notification op organization.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed
on the part of the House, to join such committee as
may be appointed on the part of tho Seriate, to wait
upon the President of the United States, to inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses ot Congress has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any-,
communication he may make.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Marshall, and Mr. Wil-
son. of Iowa, as the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As I have an en-
gagement this afternoon in regard to the case
of a gentleman claiming a seat here as a Del-
egate, I beg to decline the appointment just
announced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
excused, and in his stead the Chair appoints
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer not to serve on
that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make
another appointment.
Subsequently the Speaker announced the
appointment of Mr. Pomeroy.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following res-
olution, which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate
informing that body that a quorum of the House
has assembled and elected Schuyler Colfax, one
of the Representatives from the State of Indiana,
Speaker, and is now ready to proceed to business.
rules of the house.
Mr. BANKS submitted the following reso-
lution; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the rules of theliouse of Represent-
atives of the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall be the rules
of the House of Representatives until otherwise
ordered.
Resolved further, That a committee of five, to con-
sist of the Speaker and four members to be named
by him, be appointed, to whom shall be referred the
rules of the House, who shall be authorized to report
at any time such amendments on the revision of the
same as they may think proper.
Mr. BROOKS, Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me one word ?
Mr. BANKS. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. BROOKS. Probably this is the only
opportunity that I shall have to make a sug-
gestion to those who may frame the rales, and
I desire to avail myself of it.
