1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We on this side of the House feel it to be
of the highest importance to us and to the
cause of free discussion and of human liberty
that the rules of the House should be some-
what more liberalized, to allow the minority
more freedom of expression. We do not feel
that we have had freedom of expression here-
tofore in the discussion of the various questions
arising here; and what is precedent to-day
may become law to-morrow. I take the liberty,
therefore, of suggesting to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and through him to the House,
the propriety of so framing the rules as to allow
the minority, as far as may be consistent with
the transaction of the public business, oppor-
tunities to express their opinions upon the
great subjects of the day; for it must be obvious
to the gentleman as a reader of history that
there is less freedom of discussion now in this
House of Representatives than there is in the
Legislative Assembly of Prance, in the British
House of Commons, or in the Assembly of
Switzerland—less than in any other country
having a constitutional Government—less than
is allowed under the monarchical Governments
of Europe.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
New York if he refers to the action of the
House this morning as the precedent in which
three fourths of the time occupied in discus-
sion in the Fortieth Congress have been used
by gentlemen on the other side, and particu-
larly by the gentleman himself? [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. The object of the resolution
which I move is to effect a temporary organi-
zation. The gentleman from New York or any
of the members of the House will have ample
opportunity hereafter to present such changes
as they may desire for the consideration of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him with a single remark. We
are now bound by the old rules until the new
ones are adopted, and I believe it has hitherto
been the practice to defer their adoption until
a later period of the session. It is important
that the rules should be adopted at this time,
and I therefore demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say one word, with
the permission of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. In regard to calling the yeas and
nays there is 110 doubt. It is all fixed by the
Constitution, and therefore unless the Consti-
tution is amended it must remain as it is.
Mr. BANKS. I now insist 011 my demand
for the previous question. '
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the op-
eration thereof the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF TIIE RULES.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Jtesohed, The rules bo so amended that it will bo in
order during the remainder of this week to suspend
the rules by a vote of two thirds.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing the
resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
na\s.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 31, not voting
'J ; as follows :
Yl'l \S—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Belos It.
Ashley James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
lSe.imliii, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine. Blair, Bout-
well, liroomall, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader .
C! M'ke Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Cornell
„nt' Hardin!;, 'Hayes, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins, Asaliel
\V. Hubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard. Hunter, Ingcrsoll,
Judd. Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketehiuu, Kilehon,
KoonU, Laflin, Ueorge V, Lawrence. Wlliam Law-
rence. Lincoln, Loan, began, Lougliru ge. Ly nch,
Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg,Mcrcur. Miller,Mooie,
Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Ortb,
Paino, Polsley, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Pomeroy, Pricc, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehenek,
Scofield, Selye. Shanks, .Shellabarger, Smith, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Stewart, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twitehell, Upson, Van Aerua.ru, Burt \ an Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwnlader
C. Washburn, Henry D.Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James P. Wilson. John T. Wilson,Stephen P. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—1.20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Denison, BIdridge, lfox, Cretz,
Glossbrenner, Haight, Holman, Humphrey, Kerr,
Marshall, MeCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stone, Taber, Van Auken, and Wood—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Buckland,Colfax, Hasley,
Hulburd, Phelps, Poland, Robinson, Van Trump, and
Jilihu B. Washburne—9.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CLERK.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That Edward McPherson, of Pennsyl-
vania, be, and is hereby, elected Clerk of the House
of Representatives of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object. I believe it is
the understanding that there is to be this even-
ing a caucus of the Republican members of
the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that we had
understood that no other officer than Speaker
would be elected until after the caucus this
evening, but upon turning to the law I find
that it is imperative that no business can be
done until both a Speaker and Clerk have
been elected. Therefore it is deemed neces-
sary to elect a Clerk before we adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely wished to call
attention to the fact that such was the general
understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ascertained
that there are precedents on this subject. In
the Thirty-First Congress, when the Clerk
died, the Speaker said that no business could
be transacted until another Clerk was elected,
because there was no officer to carry messages
to the Senate. Is there objection to electing a
Clerk by resolution?
No objection was made, and the resolution
was accordingly agreed to.
Hon. Edward McPherson, the Clerk-elect,
then appeared and qualified by taking tlie oath
prescribed by the act of July 2, 1802.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to present the
memorial of Columbus Delano, of Ohio, who
contests the seat in this House of George W.
Morgau, returned as Representative from the
thirteenth district of that State. I move that
it be referred to the Committee of Elections
when that committee shall be appointed.
The memorial was ordered to be so referred.
TARIFF ON WOOL ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House that during the last moments of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, before twelve o'clock
to-day, the President of the United States
signed in the room occupied by him in the
Capitol, the bill in regard to the tariff on wool
aud woolens; and as it was not deemed proper
to interrupt the Presiding Officer in the deliv-
ery of his valedictory remarks, it was handed
to the Clerk who entered it upon the Journal.
And the same was done with reference to the
Army appropriation bill, which the President s
Private Secretary has handed to the Speaker,
accompanied by a message giving his reasons,
under protest, why he signed that bill. It
there is no objection, the message will be read.
No objection being made, the Clerk read the
following
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
To the House of Representatives:
The act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1868, and for other purposes,"
cont^ps provisions to which I must call at-
tention. Those provisions are contained in
the second section, which in certain cases vir-
tually deprives the President of his constitu-
tional functions as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, and in the sixth section which de-
nies to ten States of this Union their consti-
tutional right to protect themselves in any emer-
gency by means of their own militia. Those
provisions are out of place in an appropriation
act. I am compelled to defeat these necessary
appropriations if I withhold my signature to
the act. Pressed by these considerations I
feel constrained to return the bill with my sig-
nature, but to accompany it with my protest
against the sections wliieh I have indicated.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
March 2, 1867.
The message was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL DELEGATES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by the law, the Clerk of the House cannot put
on the roll as formerly the names of the Dele-
gates from the various Territories. He can only
place there the names of the Representatives of
the States. The Chair holds in his hand the cre-
dentials of Delegates, and asks the House to
take such action on the subject as it may see fit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will send to the
Clerk's desk a resolution providing for placing
on the roll the names of the Delegates.
The SPEAKER. The House is aware there
is a contested election for Colorado.
The Clerk read the resolution offered by Mr.
Fakxswoktii, as follows:
Eeiohed, That the Clerk of the House place upon
the 1 oil the names of Delegates from the several Ter-
ritories whose credentials show prima facie that they
were duly elected as such Delegates.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire the gen-
tleman from Illinois to amend the resolution so
as to provide that the contested case of the
Delegate from Colorado be sent to the Com-
mittee of Elections for that committee to deter-
mine upon the question, and report to the House
which claimant is entitled to a seat.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This resolution only
provides for admitting such Delegates as show
prima facie that they were duly elected. I
recollect some instances in which there were
contested-election cases from the Territories.
There was a case from Dakota a few years
ago, I recollect, in which the House ordered
the name of Mr. Jaynes to be placed on the
roll. The case was afterward examined by the
Committee of Elections and on their report
the House unseated Mr. Jaynes, and seatedthe
other claimant, General Todd. I suppose that
the same rule should apply to Delegates that
applies to members, and that whoever has the
certificate showing prima facie that he was
elected should be admitted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman the propriety of having these cases
presented individually in order that they may
i be disposed of upon the merits of each case,
i There is, I believe, but one case where diffi-
I cultv occurs in regard to the right to the seat,
| and" that is the case of Colorado. I suggest
' that the usual course be pursued, and that the
credentials of the Delegates be presented in
their order so that we may have the sense ot
the House taken in the Colorado case on a
motion to refer it to the Committee of Elec-
tions when appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better
postpone this matter and adjourn.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from James H. Birch, con-
testing the seat of Hon. Robert T. \ an Horn,
from the sixth congressional district of Mis-
souri ; which was referred to the Committee of
Elections when appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House ao
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at two o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
