10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
of government in Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas,
and to provide for the restoration of these
States to practical relations with the Union;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. In introducing this bill, I
desire to say that I do not forget that Congress
has already passed what is known as the mili-
tary bill, and which has in it certain elements
of reconstruction ;* but at the time of the pas-
sage of that bill I did not disguise my sense of
its incompleteness. It is not enough; it is not
what the loyal people of the South have aright
to expect from Congress. It contemplates
reconstruction, but it docs not supply proper
machinery. Then again, such machinery as is
to be employed is loft in the hands of the exist-
ing governments, which the bill declares to be
illegal. There seems to be a vital defect in the
whole bill. I hesitate very much to criticize a
measure which has in it so much of good, which
asserts the complete jurisdiction of Congress
over that whole region, and which ordains
universal suffrage without distinction of color.
But I am obliged to add my conviction that
something more is needed in order to give to
the loyal people of those States the protection
which they have a right to expect. I have in
my hands now a letter from Alabama, which
was received yesterday, from one of the true
loyalists there, in which he gives expression to
his sentiments with regard to that bill. I will
read only a brief extract; the letter is dated in
Alabama, March 1, 1SG7:
"The military and reorganization bill passed by
Congress will not do. It wijl result m again passing
Alabama into rebel hands. The persons exemptfrom
lioidiuK office and voting will effect nothing; the per-
sons not exempted will control the State; so you may
put down another failure. Negio votes under the bill
will be used by rebels. The convention, if oneis held,
wjll be turned to rebel purposes."
And the letter concludes;
"I have no hope in the future of Alabama. The
rebels have it, and will hold it under this bill."
Mr. JOHNSON. Who is the writer?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very determined
Unionist in the State of Alabama, surrounded
at this moment by political foes. The Senate,
therefore, will pardon me if I do not betray
hio name. Suffice it to say that it is a person
well known to the Unionists here in Washing-
ton.
I do not now, however, propose to follow
this subject any further. At some future day
[ may deem it my duty to call the attention of
the Senate to it. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 8) to prescribe an oath to main-
tain a republican form of government in the
rebel States; which was read the first time by
its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to more than
one reading of (he bill to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 9) to amend an act entitled " An act to
regulate the fees and costs to bo allowed clerks,
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States, and for other
purposes,'' approved February26, 1853 ; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 0) construing and giving
effect to the joint resolution for the relief of
the State of Wisconsin, approved July 1, 1804;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to he on the table.
ilr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 101 granting jurisdiction to the Court of
Claims in a certain cause involving the right
to the use of a patent; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. IIARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 11) to admit the State of Colorado into
the Union ; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 12) to consolidate the southern and cen-
tral superintendences and certain Indian agen-
cies, and to create an Indian superintendency
for the Territory of Dakota; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 4) for
the relief of Daniel Ellis ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 5) declaring the muni-
cipal offices of Alexandria, Virginia, to be
vacated ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I desire
leave to introduce a bill of which notice has
not been given, and I wish to say that it is a
copy of a bill that was before the House of
Representatives at the last session.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
introduce the bill (S. No. 13) granting pen-
sions to the soldiers of the war of 1812 with
Great Britain ; and it was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table.
PAY CF CONGRESSIONAL EMPLOYES.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiielisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following res-
olution, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested;
Resolved by the ITouio of Representative1!, (tho Sen-
ate concurring.) That a selcct committee of six be
appointed, consisting of three from tho Senate and
tlirceirom the House, whose duty it shall be to revise
and equalize the pay of the employes of each House,
and report a bill to carry out the provisions of this
resolution.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN the resolu-
tion was taken up and concurred in.
COMMITTEE OX .RETRENCHMENT,
Mr. ANTHONY submitted thefollowing con-
current resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represenfn-
tivesconcumng,) That the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, raised by a concurrent resolution of
the two Houses at tho first session of tho Thirty-Ninth
Congress, be, and tho same is hereby, revived and
continued for and during the Fortieth Congress, with
all and the same poweis and duties appertaining
thereto in said Thirty-Ninth Congress, and with power
to appoint a clerk, and with power in its members to
administer oaths; and that any vacancies m said
committee be tilled by the Presiding Officer of each
House respectively.
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved., That_ the 31th rule of tho Senate be
amended by adding thereto, after the words " a
Committee on Einanco," tho words "a Committee
on Appropriations, to consist of seven members."
The purpose is to divide the onerous labors
of the Finance Committee with another com-
mittee.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, on Mon-
day evening a newspaper was placed in my hand,
in which I find a report of a committee of the
last House of Representatives, submitted by
Mr. Hulburd, of New York, which defnands
notice at my hands. It fills me with surprise
and indignation. Without any notice to me,
without calling upon me for any explanation,
this report, by inference, and not by direct
charge, by innuendo, not by positive averment,
endeavors to create the impression that I re-
ceived or agreed to l-eceive $5,000 or some
other pecuniary or other benefit from Mr.
Smythe, the collector of the port of New York.
This charge, whether made directly or by
implication, whether sought to be sustained by
proof or innuendo, is absolutely and unquali-
fiedly false, and from whatever source it comes
I pronounce it a base falsehood, a vile and cow-
ardly slander.
I go further, sir, and say, that in the hun-
dreds. and perhaps thousands of cases in which,
during the ten years I have been in this body,
my recommendation has been sought and ob-
tained, there is not a single instance in which
any kind of pecuniary consideration of the
value of one cent was ever expected or re-
ceived directly or indirectly by me ; and I have
yet to see that man upon this earth who would
dare to look me in the face and make such an
offer. Upon this and all other matters I am
ready to meet the most searching scrutiny. So
much for myself. But my duty is not yet done.
The good name of my son has also been called
in question. Upon this subject yesterday
(Tuesday) morning, I prepared a statement to
submit to the Senate, but I am told the testi-
mony is not all published; 1 shall therefore
withhold that statement. Meantime I will only
say that when the truth is fully known there
will be found nothing on his part dishonorable
to his character as a soldier or as a citizen.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I see by
the newspapers that 1 am involved in the same
charge that is made against the Senator from
Wisconsin, of having received $5,000 from Mr.
Smythe. I will dispose of that in a very few
words. There is no direct charge, but there is
an innuendo that I was to receive ยง5,000 from
the same person referred to by the Senator
from Wisconsin. All 1 have to say that the
document alluded to by him is false in its
charges, false in its insinuations, and false in
its innuendoes. I never received a copper
from Mr. Smythe; and, if it were senatorial to
say so, I would say that the insinuation is as
false as licll. That is all I have to say.
PARIS EXHIBITION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 2) supplementary to other
joint resolutions, to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in 1SG7;
which was introduced by me yesterday. It is
the same resolution that during the last minutes
of the late session failed to receive the signa-
tures of the presiding officers of the two Houses.
1 f it be taken up I will make a brief explana-
tion in regard to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Secretary
commcnced to read the joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. Let us finish
this business.
Mr. GRIMES. This business ought to go
to a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois.
.The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 6, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Chaplain-elect, Rev. C. B. Boynton,
prayed as follows;
Almighty and eternal God, wo thank Thee
that through tho night watches once more,
Thou, O Shepherd of Israel! wert the keeper
of us all. We come not only to offer thanks-
giving for Thy preserving love, but to worship
Thee as God over all, to extol Thee as King
of Nations, to adore Thee as the God of prog-
ress, and to thank Thee that Thou hast so
arranged the events connected with this nation,
and the lives of these men now before Thee, as
to make it possib.le that such a body of men
should be assembled here, the latest expression
of the wishes and sentiments of tho American
people.
And we bless Theo, O God, that on the
