1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
• PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND RBEERKED.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That, the papers in the case of the officers
of company D, ninety-ninth regiment Now York
volunteers, praying to be compensated for loss of
personal effects while they served on board the frig-
ate Congress when attacked and destroyed by the
rebel ram Merrimac, be tak^n from the files and
refeiredto the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Commercial
. Navigation Company, of New York, praying aid in
the establishment of a regular line of American
steamships between New Yoik and Bremen, touch-
ing at Southampton, be withdrawn from the lileu.
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
That the petition and papers of John
11. Ellis, praying to be reimbursed for Government
moneys stolen from him at Fort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas, he withdrawn from the files and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Ethan A.
Jcnks, late captain and brevet major seventh regi-
ment Rhode Island volunteers, praj'mg for pay and
allowances from May 4 to September 9, 1863, while
under sentence of dismissal from the service, to
which he was afterward reinstated, be taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Air. PATTERSON, of Ten-
nessee. it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Daniel
Ellis be taken fromthofiles and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PATTERSON, of r l?ennessee. I move
that the petition of Captain Daniel Ellis be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will, under the rules, go to the Committee
on Printing.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Anilie E.
Dixon be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That George D. C. Hibbs have l&sve to
withdiaw bia petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN,'it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of Henry
Clay Wood bo taken from the files and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mrs.
Cianbton Lauue be taken from the files and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the owners of the brig "William
Carleton have leave to withdraw their petition and
papeis.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
L. Adams be withdrawn from the files and referred
to the Committee on Claim?.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. HENDERSON. I give notice that on
to-morrow or some future day I will ask leave
to bring in a bill having provisions designed
"to organize civil governments in the ten
seccding States, now unrepresented in Con-
gress. with a view and for the purpose of
restoring at the earliest practicable moment
the constitutional relations of said States to
the Union."
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 14) to aid in tho conslruction of certain
railroads in the State of California; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous content
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 10)
to provide forgiving the right to purchase to'
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kan- ■
sas, and for other purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1G) donating a portion of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reserve for the exclusive use
of a public road; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 17) to establish a mail route in the State
of Minnesota; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 18) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States.'' and to facilitate
restoration ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the 3 udiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 19) declaring a bridge to be con-
structed over the Missouri river at or near the
town of St. Charles, and a bridge to be con-
structed over the Mississippi river at or near
the city of Louisiana, in the State of Mis-
souri, to be legal structures and post roads ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 20) to pay bounty to certain Missouri troops
who served for three years during the late war;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to tho Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 21) to provide for the construction of a
military and postal railroad from Galveston, in
the State of Texas, to Fort Gibson, in the Indian
Territory, with a branch to Little Rock, in Ar-
kansas; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
22) in relation to a certain tract of land in Bur-
lington, Iowa; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
23) granting lands t.o the States of Wisconsin
and Michigan to aid in the construction of the
Wisconsin and Lake Superior railroad and its
branch ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
24) to regulate the selection of grand and
petit jurors in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. DfeAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
25) for the relief of John H. Ellis, paymaster
United States Army; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. "WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 26) authorizing and directing the sale of
the property of the United StatesHarper's
Ferry, West Virginia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 7) to prevent the sale or
use of liquors in the Capitol building: which
wasjread twice, and ordered to lie on the table.
MrTHENDERSON asked and obtainecUeave
to introduce a joint resolution (R. R. No. 8)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to hear that
proposition read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
The article proposed to be added to the Con-
stitution is, " That no State shall deny or
abridge tlie right of its citizens to vote and
hold office on account of race, color or pre-
vious condition," and giving Congress power
to enforce the provision by appropriate legis-
lation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise to a point of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair'
will hear the point of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is that it is not in
order now to attempt to amend the Constitu-
tion, that instrument having been blotted oat
of existence long ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) in
favor of A. W. Walker; which -was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 10) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, of Ten-
nessee, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 4) for
the relief of Daniel Ellis, was taken from the
table, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Oii^ motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the bill
(8. No. 10) granting jurisdiction to the Court
of Claims in a certain cause involving the
right to the use of a patent, was taken from
the table, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the bill (S.
No. 11) to admit the State of Colorado into
the Union, was taken from the table, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the hill (S.
No. 12) to consolidate the southern and cen-
tral superintendencies and certain Indian agen-
cies, and to create an Indian superintendeney
for the Territory of Dakota, was taken from
the table, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 6) extending the time forthe
completion of the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers,
Mr. HOWE.. This resolution simply pro-
poses to extend the time for completing the
improvement of these rivers, the money for
which is already deposited with the treasurer
of Wisconsin. A similar resolution was re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands just
before the adjournment of the late Congress,
but too late to act upon it. It is very desirable
that action should be had promptly. I ask the
unanimous consent of ihe Senate to consider
the resolution at the present time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has it been investi-
gated by any committee?
Mr. HOWE. I stated that it was reported
from the Committee on Public Lands just be-
fore the adjournment of the late Congress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In this form?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. The resolution as
reported by the committee proposed to allow
the improvement, to lie completed within such
time and in such manner as the Legislature, of
Wisconsin might fix. This simply proposes
to extend the time five years. The money
required to complete the work has been ascer-
tained by the judgment of a court, amounting
to some sixty or seventy thousand dollars, and
is on deposit with the treasurer of the State.
The joint resolution was read three times,
and passed. It extends for five years from its
approval the time provided for the completion
of the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers and the canal connecting the same, by
section three of an act of Congress, approved
August 8, 1846, entitled "An act to grant a
certain quantity of land to aid in the improve-
