14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
merit of the Pox and Wisconsin rivers, and to
connect the same by a canal in the Territory
of Wisconsin."
INTERNAL EEYENTJE LAWS.
Mr. VAN" WINKLE submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the laws
now in force relating to the internal revenue be
printed tor the use of the Senate, the same (o be
compiled under the direction and superintendence
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibbsos, its Clerk, announced
that the House hud passed a bill (H. 11. No. X)
making appropriations for the expenses of
commissioners sent by the President to the
Indian country, and a resolution for the ad-
journment of the House from Monday next to
Wednesday the 8th of May, in both of which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
SENATE REPORTING.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
submit a resolution:
Resolved, That, the Committee on. Printing be
directed to inquire whether any new or different
arrangements from those now existing are necessary
or expedient with regard to the reporting of the Pen-
ate proceedings and debates, and particularly as to
the propriety of having the reporters under the direct
control of and responsible immediately to the Senato.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask to have the resolu-
tion reported again.
The Secretary read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know
from the author of that resolution—I cannot
tell by the mere reading, though it does not
appear to me to cover the case—whether he
intends this inquiry to apply to the publishing
also of the reports of all the proceedings of a
given day 011 the following day. The publica-
tion of the proceedings of Congress in the
Globe now, to my mind, is simply insufficient,
badly done. The proceedingsof different days
are mixed together. Many days transpired at
the end of the session before the proceedings
of a given day were published in the Globe. I
want to know whether the Senator who has
offered this resolution proposes to require and
have the committee investigate to that end,
the publication of every day's proceedings on
the morning of the following day. I think it
is a necessity. 1 think it ought to be done.
I think the present publication entirely insuf-
ficient and unsatisfactory, and I hope that the
resolution will be modified if it is not now
.sufficient to cover that point. There is suffi-
cient money paid in all probability by the Gov-
ernment to secure the prompt and full pub-
lication of the debates of this body, and of the
other House also, promptly on each succeed-
ing day; and I hope that hereafter it will be
required to be done by the publishers of the
Globe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offered the
resolution in view of what took place in re-
gard to the subject-matter on a former occasion,
and the resolution is general in its terms, and
I do not doubt that it is broad enough to cover
the question referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from California, although my attention
had not been called particularly to that point.
I should say that the resolution is broad
enough in its terms to comprehend that, and,
so far as I had any intention in regard to it, it
was to send the whole question of the publica-
tion of the reports of the Senate to the com-
mittee for consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I hold in my hand the
Globe of this morning, March 7. It contains
on the first page the report of yesterday's pro-
ceedings, March G. On the fifth column on
the same page is the commencement of the
proceedingsof the Senate of Saturday, Febru-
ary 23 ; and still further on, in the third page
of the same paper, are proceedings of the
House of Representatives of Saturday, March
2. Such a conglomeration of the proceedings
of Congress is not creditable to the Govern-
ment. It is certainly nofso to the publish-
ers of the Globe. It shows, to my mind, con-
clusively that we do not get what we pay for,
which is a prompt and certain publication of
the proceedings of Congress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
the inquiry suggested by the resolution of the
Senator from Maine. If we can, without dis-
turbing the present system, place the reporters
under the immediate control of the Senate,
make them officers of the Senate, their com-
pensation to be paid by Congress, I have no
objection to that; hut I do not agree with the
Senator from California that the Globe is not
well conducted, and that it is not a success. I
say, from my knowledge of the continuous ses-
sions toward the close of the last session of
Congress, it was physically impossible to keep
the reports up from day to day; and I do not
care what change you may make about it, if
Congress will sit day and night that thing can-
not be done. The reporters may report what
we say, but they cannot translate so as to throw
into print on the next morning what we say
all day and ail night and until the hour of the
publication of the paper.
I had observed what the Senator from Cali-
fornia has called the attention of the Senate
to. 1 suppose that was a matter of conven-
ience, so as to let the country at once know
what was done at the commencement of this
session of Congress. We all know that it was
impossible to have completed the publication
of the proceedings of the last days of the last
session, because we sat almost continuously,
and much of the time there was continuous
debate. That could not be completed at the
close of the session, and never has been, and
I suppose never will be. Night sessions make
that impossible.
Now, where the fault is, if there is any fault,
that the Senate proceedings are so far behind
the House proceedings 1 will not undertake
to say. The Senator has called attention to
the fact that the proceedings of the House are
published to-day up to the 2d of March ; and
the proceedings of the Senate are behind that.
I do not believe it is with the reporters; I do
not suppose it is with the translators; I do not
suppose there is any fault in the type-setters.
With night sessions nearly all the while, I
think there is no fault anywhere in all proba-
bility ; but they have all diligently done their
duty. Some things cannot be accomplished. To
report the proceedingsof a body that is talking
night and day is a very difficult work, and it is
undertaking an impossibility to ask that their
proceedings shall appear in print ten minutes
after we stop speaking. It cannot be done ; and
the matter the Senator complains of is of no sort
of consequence, for the debates will fall into
their proper position and shape in the Con-
gressional Globe as published and bound.
This is the Daily Globe furnished to us for our
convenience and to the country. The Con-
gressional Globe, as I understand, has the
proceedings regularly from day to day, without
interruption, just as they take place; except in
the eases where members hold their speeches
out for the purpose of correction, and those
speeches fall out of their natural position be-
cause the members themselves withhold them
and they go into the Appendix. That is no
fault of the reporters or the Globe or anybody
else, except the member that sees fit to have
his speech so published. I believe that the
Globe is a success. The reports are remarka-
bly accurate. When published in book form
the whole proceedings of Congress appear in
their regular order.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not say that the
Globe was not a success. I think perhaps it
is to the publishers. But I said that the pub-
lication of the reports of Congress was not a
success, and that is palpable upon the face of
the pages of this morning's issue. I did not
intend to,'and I did not while up, blame the
reporters. I rather think the blame is in the
present system. I do not agree with the hon-
orable Senator when he says that a certain
thing cannot be done. I think all that may be
done can be done by an increase of the force
at the end of a Congress, which in all prob-
ability it will be found, upon due investigation
by the committee, the Globe pioprietois are
fully able to do.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator has touched
another point, and I think that ought to come
under investigation, namely, this habit of with-
holding speeches that are made here to be
dressed up, to be made presentable, to be pub-
lished as they were not made ; and thus they
fall, as the Senator says, into the Appendix.
But he says the debates are published m proper
order in the regular issues of the Congressional
Globe,- and that is not this Daily Globe. Yes,
sir, those speeches go to the bourn in the
Congressional Globe from whence no news re-
turns to the people. That is precisely what I
think ought not to be. I think as near as it
can be done, and it can be done almost com-
pletely, the publication of each day's proceed-
ings should appear the next day ; and this
habit of withholding speeches, suppressing mat-
ter uttered here, interpolating or interjecting
matter never uttered here, reorganizing and
reconstructing sentences 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
will allow me to finish my sentence I will do so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Reconstructing sentences,
presenting speeches to constituencies as they
were not made here, ought to eease. It I
had the power I would have every utterance
taken down by the reporter and make it impos-
sible that any of those utterances should be
changed, so that we should all and every
person who speaks should bo published to his
constituency precisely as he utters words here.
Mr. IIEND HICKS. I would not wish the
Senator to extend my suggestion any further
than it naturally goes. I made no fault with
any Senator for any change of his speech. Tf
any Senator is dissatisfied with his speech and
wants to make it better afterwards, 1 have no
objection if it docs not interfere with me in
any way. It is a matter of taste between him
and his constituents. I do not think there 13
much of that thing done in the Senate. I have
not observed it in any case, I believe. The
debates in the Senate are upon the questions
before the body, and are very seldom reduced
to writing before their delivery. In the House
I have heard something of the sort talked of
that the Senator now suggests; but it is not
my business to comment upon the character
of the debates of the House. The duties of
the reporters in the House are less than they
are in the Senate, because of the fact, as I have
understood, that manj' of the speeches in the
House are written out in advance, while the
debates in the Senate are almost purely extem-
pore; and that makes it harder on our reporters
than upon the reporters of the House.
But I do not care if a Senator chooses to
change his speech if he does not interfere with
the running debate, so as to place some other
Senator in the wrong. For myself I do not
choose to do that, because it forces a labor on
me that I do not want to go through with, to
look over the notes.
Mr. ANTHONY. There has been an unfor-
tunate difference between the reporter of the
Senate and the publishers of the Globe, about
the merits of which I do not presume to speak ;
I am not sufficiently informed ; but there has
been a delay in the publication of the proceed-
ings of the Senate that shows there is blame
somewhere, because the Senate debates are a
week behind the Plouse : and although at this
period of the session ic is very difficult—not
impossible, not impracticable, but very diffi-
cult—to keep the debates up in full, I do not
see why there should be so great a difference
between the reports of the House and of the
Senate. Undoubtedly the speeches in the
House are to a much greater extent written
than those in the Senate; it does not require
the translating of the stenographic notes to
