1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. My remarks apply to the
latter committee.
The resolution was concurred in.
reorganization of rebel states.
Mr. KELLEY. I submit the following res-
olution, and if objection be made I shall move
to suspend the rules:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report a bill declaring who shall call
conventions for the reorganization of the rebel States,
and providing for the registration of voters within
said rebel States; and all elections for members of
said "conventions, or for the adoption or rejection of
constitutions formed by said conventions, or for the
choice of public officers, State and municipal, until
the constitutions of said States shall hare been ap-
proved by Congress, shall be by ballot.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The resolution proposes to instruct the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I submit that there
is no Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KELLEY. I modify the resolution so
as to say ''the Committee on the Judiciary,
when appointed."
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. K-blletJ modifies the resolu-
tion. But the Chair would, at-any rate, overrule
the point of order; because the rules specify
that there shall be a Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and it is only a question of time as to
the appointment of the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order:
that debate arising on the resolution, it must
go over.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman fromPenn-
sylvania has announced his intention to move
to suspend the rules, including of course the
rule which would require the resolution to go
over.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to suspend the
rules so as to allow the introduction of the res-
olution for consideration at this time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 111, nays 31, not voting 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Brouma.il, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Culloin, Dawes, Bodge, Donnelly,
Dikgs, Eckley.Eggleston, Eliot, Earnsworth.Fcrriss,
Ferry, Isolds, Finney, Garfield, (xravely, Griswold,
HiiUey, Hamilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, A^ahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kitchen. Koontz, Laf-
lin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy. McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead.Morrcll,Myers,Newcomb,
O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Perham, Peters, Plants,Polsley,
Pomeioy, Price. Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Taffe. Taylor, Trowbridge, Twitchcll, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wvck, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridgo—111. _ ^ „
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Chanter, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Haight, Holman, Marshall, McCnllough. Morgan.
Morrissev, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Aoell,
Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, lloss, Sitgreaves,
Stone, Taber.Van Aukon, Van Tromp,and Wood—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Blaine, Demson.
Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kclsev, iverr,
Ketcham, William Lawrence, Loan, Pike, 1 lie,
Poland, Schenck, Selye, Stewart, and Thomas—18.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now
before the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. NIBLACK called for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
The "question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 33, not vot-
ing 13; as follows :
YE\S—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Biom
well, Broomall, Buckland, Butler Cake, Church:illI,
Reader W: Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. took,
40xii CONG. 1ST HKSH. -NO. 2.
Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, I^arnswuith,Eerriss,
Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Asahel W. .Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laf-
lin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur,
Miller,Moore, Moor-head, Morrell, Myers,Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Denison, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gloss-
brenner, Haight, Holman, Humphrey, Kerr, Mar-
shall, McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Van Auken, Van
Trump, and Wood—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Griswold, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Kelsey, Loan, Lynch. Marvin, Phelps, Pike,
Selye, Stewart, and Thomas—13.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards the
resolution just adopted as instruction to him
to appoint a Committee on the Judiciary at
this session.
tenure of office.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer a resolution of inquiry?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That thePresidentberequestedtoinform
this House, if not inconsistent with the public inter-
est, of the condition of the public fund as affected by
the tenure-of-office act, so called, and the numerous
vacancies in the subordinate offices of the Treasury
Department and of the Post Office Department.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to move to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor, and unless he surrenders it for
that purpose the motion cannot be made.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield to my col-
league, [Mr. sliellabarger.]
reconstruction.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hold in my
hand the petition of loyal men of Virginia, ask-
ing Congress to pass certain laws providing for
carrying out the recent act of Congress for the
better government of the rebel States. I ask
that it may be printed and read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to hav-
ing the petition read ?
Mr. CHANLER. Better have it read first
and printed afterward. [Laughter.]^
No objection being made the petition was
read, as follows:
To the Members of the Senate and Hon se of Representa-
tive of the United States in Congress assembled:
gentlemen : The undersigned, citizens of Alexan-
dria., Virginia, desire to make known to your honors
that the military reconstruction bill, passed by Con-
gress on the 2d of March, has been openly defied by
the authorities of this city in the election just held
for municipal officers.
That bill distinctly and positively enfranchised the
colored citizens of the " rebel States," yet the men
controlling the government of Alexandria utterly
refused to receive and count their votes, or even to
record the names of such as endeavored to exercise
this right, and they based their refusal upon the
ground that the laws of Virginia are paramount to
tho«e of the United States. .
Although one thousand five hundred and nineteen
votes were east for the Union candidates—a large
number of them by discharged Union soldiers and
only one thousand one hundred and one votes for
both the disloyal tickets—many of these being east by
returned rebel soldiers—yet the existing provisional
government insists upon ignoring the Union vote
and declaring the candidate of the opposite party
clected mavor, although he received only five hun-
dred and eighty-two votes, and is, moreover, dis-
qualified by the law above referred to from holding
* Befor^'it was fully determined to boldly violate the
law, disloyal employers threatened to discharge their
employes if they dared to vote the Republican ticket.
Moreover, it was openly asserted upon the streets
that blood would be spilt if the colored people at-
tempted to vote, and your memorialists are fully
satisfied that nothing but the known presence of
troops sent from Washington prevented a riot.
However, being protected by the military,theJJnion
men of the city opened polls of their own, at which
over fourteen hundred votes were oast by white and
coloredinen. We have taken thisstep so astoprove
to members of your honorable bodies and to the
world that the Union men of the South are numerous
enough and determined enough to do their duty if
Congress will only pass such laws as are needed to
secure safe and fair elections.
It must be evident to every man that when the
] aw is contemptuously defied within actual sight of the
Capitol, where nothing but the presence of a military
force prevented the murder of good and true men for
simply attempting to exercise the franchise with
which the nation had invested them, that it is folly
to expect a faithful observance of the law throughout
the rebel States generally.
Longing for a speedy loyal reconstruction of the
Union, and knowing that it will be impossible to
secure it under the provisions of the "military re-
construction bill," we desire to bring to yuur notice
the following important defects in that measure: '
1. Although there are not soldiers enough in the
country (who can be spared for the purpose) to guard
one fiftieth of the polls, the bill makes no provision
for organizing a loyal militia force.
2. The disloyalists, whose apparent interest it is to
nullify the law, fill every office, from the highest to
the lowest. They are the judges and clerks of elec-
tions; they receive and count the votes; they make
and receive the returns, and they decide who are
elected. The history of the last thiity years has
proved that these men wrU commit any and every
outrage and crime which seems to be necessary to
carry their- points, and we distinctly say to you and
the country that, even if they should pretend to ac-
quiesce in the law, it is certain that they will brow-
beat and swindle enough to carry every election. A
loyal reconstruction isf possible only through th©
assistance of loyal election officers.
3. It is known by everybody that the disloyalists
hate the Unionists of both races with aperfect hatred,
are continually hunting them down and murdering
them without even a pretense of provocation, and
yet these unarmed and unorganized Union men are
expected to meet all their foes at the polls and voto
them out of power. If this is attempted there will
be riots all over the South, and the responsibility for
them and for the blood which will be shed will rest
upon the souls of those members of Congress who
insist upon bringing gunpowder and fire together.
Distinctly and solemnly we say to you, gentlemen,
that peaceful elections cannot be secured unless the
arrogant, domineering, blood-thirsty disloyal ele-
ment is kept from the polls entirely, until such time
as it shall have become at least partially purified,
or the loyal element organized and thoroughly en-
trenched in power.
4. It is also absolutely necessary that there should
be a registration of voters, so that all disfranchised
individuals may have due notice not only that they
are disqualified, but that that fact is known. They
would be apt then to stay away from the polls.
We feel ourselves impelled to say here that the
bill known as the Louisiana bill would, if mado
applicable to all the non-reconstructed States, secure
a peaceful loyal reorganization of the South, and we
respectfully, but earnestly, urge that it, or something
akin to it, be immediately passed into a law. There
are two amendments, however, which we suggest
even to that bill, namely:
1. That no person having an honorable discharge
from the Army or Navy of the United States shall be
disqualified from voting or holding office on account
of previous complicity in the rebellion; and,
2. That.it, should be made the duty of the Governor
and council, from time to time, to prepare lists of
all, except certain classes of the disfranchised per-
sons, who are now truly loyal, and send them to Con-
gress to have their disabilities removed.
The apparent harshness of the sweeping disfran-
chisements of that bill would thus be removed with-
out endangering its successful working. If the Gov-
ernor and council are good men they will not present
the names of disloyal persons, and if they prove to
be bad men Congress can refuse to regard their recom-
mendation. And if they fail to carry out this pro-
vision in a liberal spirit,. Congress can*take such
further action as it sees fit in the premises.
We are unalterably opposed to the perpetual dis-
franchisement of any considerable class m the com-
munity, but we do ask that all rebels should be com-
pelled to climb upon the Union platform before their
forfeited political rights are restored to them.
Thanking Congress for the enfranchisement ot our
colored people, and hoping that it will not wait be-
fore passing the yet needed laws until the blooa oi
hundreds more murdered Union men cries out trom
the ground against its members for their delay, we
remain, very respectfully,
JOIIN C. UNDERWOOD,
GEORGE TliCKER,
JOHN HARRY WORST,
JOSIAH MILLARD.
F A STOUTKNBITRGH,
JOHN BIRRELL,
JAMES T. BURNETT,
THOMAS DAVY, „
WILLIAM BUSHBY.
WILLIAM N. BERKLEY,
WALTER L. PENN,
LARKIN PATTON,
THEODORE TEED,
JOHN MOORE.
THOMAS J. EDELI2*.
