1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
this question of privilege is ? I have been
unable to find out what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
the resolution as a question of privilege, as it
has reference to proceedings for the impeach-
ment of the President of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What question has the
gentleman offering the resolution the right to
discuss?
The SPEAKER. The whole scope of the
resolution.
Mr. WOOD. Has the gentleman the right
to go into the merits of the question of im-
peachment?
The SPEAKER. By parliamentary law the
question of referring a resolution or bill always
opens the entire subject for discussion.
Mr. WTOOD. Then*I understand the Chair
to say that it is entirely in order on this prop-
osition to discuss the whole question involved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
that there is any limit.
Mr. WOOD. I only desire it shall be under-
stood. That is all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] will proceed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
was saying when interrupted that the people
of this country will never permit any man—
certainly no man who came into the Presidency
through the door of assassination—to use the
vast powers with which the Executive of this
country is clothed in defiance of Congress and
the people. That the acting President has
done all this and more will not he seriously
denied. His usurpations of power have been
in clear violation of the Constitution, and
many of his acts tend directly to revolution.
In fact, the message to which we were all com-
pelled to listen on last Saturday, letuiuing
with his objections the reconstruction bill, was
but an invitation to revolution and civil war.
If any loyal man had doubted before, he could
doubt no longer, that while this nian remains
in the presidential office there can be no
tranquillity in this country, no security for
property, liberty, and life to loyal citizens in
the South, no such restoration of this Govern-
ment as the Union Army and the Union citi-
zens of this nation have decreed, no safety for
a single hour from rebellion or revolution.
Sir, a man of Mr. Johnson's antecedents, of
his mental and moral caliber, coming into the
Presidency as he came into it—and I say noth-
ing now of the dark suspicion which crept over
the minds of men as to his complicity in the
assassination plot, nor of the fact, that I cannot
banish from my mind, the mysterious connec-
tion between death and treachery which this
ease presents—I say such a man, in view ot
all that has happened, coming into the presi-
dential office as he came into it. ought to have
walked with uncovered head and very humbly
before the loyal men of this nation and their
Representatives in the American Congress.
Mr. Speaker, if this nation does not stamp
with the broad seal of its condemnation the
usurpations and crimes and misdemeanors of
this man it will be but an invitation in the future
for a repetition of these usurpations, crimes,
and misdemeanors.
Self-protection and a proper respect for the
honor of the nation demand that the Repre-
sentatives of the people shall declare, in a
manner not to be misunderstood, that no man
hereafter elected President or Vice President
shall present himself at his inauguration drunk ;
that 110 man discharging the duties of the office
of President of the United States shall be
permitted to turn the White House into a den
of thieves and pardon-brokers, nor shall he be
permitted with impunity to address in vulgar,
seditious language a drunken, howling mob
from the steps of the Executive Mansion.
Sir, unless this committee take charge of this
matter and proceed with it, this Congress might
as well lay down its powers. If, however, noth-
ing more should be done. I am sure that, when
the evidence which has been already taken is
published, it will operate as a deliberate and
solemn protest against a repetition in the fu-
ture of another drunken electioneering tour
such as last year mantled the cheek of this
nation with shame; that it will be a protest
against the unpardonable attacks which the
acting Executive made upon the national
Congress, a protest against his usurpations and
crimes and misdemeanors.
Sir, his crime is not, as many suppose, the
mere perfidy of which he has been gailty to
the men who in an evil hour elected him Vice
President of the United States, black and in-
famous as it is ; his crime is the highest known
in our country, a crime against the Republic
itself.
If the investigation go no further, it will
establish beyond question that the people of
this country will not permit any man with im-
punity to be guilty of acts of which he has
been guilty ; and if so, the investigation will
not have been in vain. Mr. Speaker, the
United States is not the only nation which has
been disgraced by such an executive head.
Fortunately, however, for mankind such men
are born into the world to curse the human
race but once in centuries. The nation cries
out in its agony and calls upon the Congress
of the United States to deliver them from the
shame and disgrace which the acting President
has brought upon them. They demand that
the loathing incubus which has blotted our
country's history with its foulest blot shall be
removed. In the name of loyalty betrayed,
of law violated, of the Constitution trampled
upon, the nation demands the impeachment
and removal of Andrew Johnson.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
knows there is a large license allowed in de-
bate in regard to impeachment, but the Chair
is of opinion the gentleman is proceeding be-
yond that.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any insane asylum
near here? [Laughter.]
The SPEA KER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will be
permitted to go on in his own way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must ab-
stain from language which will be regarded as
personally offensive. He has the right under
the Constitution to charge crimes and misde-
meanors.
Mr. NIBLACK. Ifthegentleman will permit
me, I wish to call his attention to a matter some-
what personal to himself.
Mr. AS1ILEY, of Ohio. Not now. Well,
Mr. President, I know how tender these men
are who are in sympathy with the President  
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call the gentleman to
order ; he is addressing the President of the
United States. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must ad-
dress the Chair.
Mr. BOYER. He is doing the President
good service. We enjoy it very much on this
side, and I hope he will not be interrupted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. What does the
gentleman say ?
The SPEAKER. That the gentleman shall
be allowed to proceed in his own way.
Mr. BOYER. On account of the service he
is doing to the Piesident of the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am glad the gen-
tleman so regards it. Well, Mr. President 
[Laughter. ]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has the
President '' on the brain.'' [Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
know, on this question, that the timid among
the loyal hesitate, that the late rebel' and their
northern allies are detiant, and that the camp-
followers of the President alternately threaten
and supplicate, and that all unite in prophesy-
ing war and revolution, and in any event finan-
cial ruin to the country, if Congress shall un-
dertake to arraign and depose the President
as provided by the Constitution. Su\ 1 hope
this Congress will not hesitate to do its duty
because the timid in our own ranks hesitate
or because of the threats of the Piesident's
satraps and rebel allies, but that it will proceed
with dignity and deliberation to the discharge
of the high andimportant duty imposed upon if,
uninfluenced by passion and unawed by fear.
If, as has been happily suggested by one of our
able and true men, the nation could stand the
shock occasioned by the'assassination of a
beloved President by the hand' of an assassin,
it surely can stand the shock caused by the
removal of one so detested as the acting Presi-
dent, if done in pursuance of law.
And, sir, has he not done enough? Before
he had been one month in the Presidency he
entered into a combination with the enemies
of the nation to usurp in their interest the pre-
rogatives of Congress, and sought to bind hand
and foot the loyal men of the South, who had
aided us in putting down the rebellion, by put-
ting the governments of the South in the hands
of their mortal enemies and ours. This with
me is enough. When you add to this his other
acts, which have become public history, the ease
for me is complete.
The duty of the President of the United
States is to execute, not to make laws. His
oath requires him to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed. That the President has neg-
lected or refused to execute many of the laws
of Congress no man questions. That he has
failed to execute the civil rights bill, nay, that
he lias not even attempted to execute it the
whole country knows. On the other hand, he
has not only failed to execute it, but in most
indecent and offensive language he has assailed
and denounced the law as unconstitutional.
Sir, in his failure to execute this just and most
necessary law the crime of the President be-
comes perfectly colossal. Since the surrender
of Lee and Johnston more than five thousand
American citizens, guilty of no crime but love
of country, have been murdered by men who
were lately in arms against this country. Thou-
sands more have been driven from their homes
into exile, while no effort has been made on
the part of the executive department of the
Government to give them the protection whieli
the law demands and which humanity and
justice demand. So far as I know, in no
single instance has one murderer or rioter-
been arrested and punished for his crimes,
while loyal men who served in the Union
Army are arrested and tried before rebel tri-
bunals and punished with unusual and severe
punishments for doing acts when in the per-
formance of military duty and obeying the
orders of their superior officers, and no effort
is made by the executive department of the
Government to protect them. Sir, there never
was a nation on this earth guilty of the infamy
of treating its loyal citizens as the President
of the United States has treated the loyal men
of the South.
I know how easy it is for the President and
his co-conspirators to deny his guilty knowl-
edge. I know also how difficult it is to prove
by technical rules the guilt of a inau occupy-
ing his portion, although the whole country
1 may know him to be guilty.
j Why, sir. when the rebellion broke out in
| the winter and spring of 18G1, and for several
i months afterward, no man could have beeu
arrested, tried, and convicted before a court and
; jury in this District who was engaged in con-
i spiraey against this Government, although no
i sane man ever doubted their guilt. It is much
I more difficult in a ease of this kind, where the
] rebellion is not an open, armed rebellion, but
! a negative rebellion. In this rebellion the Pres-
j idetit is the recognized leader, and it is well
i known that he has cooperating with him nearly
i all the late rebels of the South.
! Mr. CHAXLER. I ask_ the gentleman for
' a definition of the expression "negative re-
bellion" which he has used several times in
debate. It appears to be an expression of
1 serious import; and if the gentleman cannot
answer it, I do not know that anybody can.
: Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I decline to yield.
, 1 know how difficult it is by technical rules to
j prove the guilty knowledge of men who refuse
i to cxecute the lav/ while professing to do so.
■ It is well known that the civil rights bill has
not only not been enforced, but the vast mili-
taiy power at the disposal of the President, ^
