20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
instead of being used to protect loyal men, has
been used either by his guilty knowledge or by
his indifference to crush the loyal men of the
South.
Mr. ELD-RIDGE. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman. I understood him to
make a remark censuring the President be-
cause certain parties were not brought to trial.
I wish to ask him if he thinks the President is
to blame because Jefferson Davis has not been
brought to trial?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am unable to
answer that question. I know that in those
military departments under his command where
he does interfere he has used the military
power to crush the loyal men instead of pro-
tecting them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman give
us one single instance where the President has
neglected his duty in regard to, the trial of any
person?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir; in New
Orleans, in Memphis, and in every rebel State.
Mr. ELDRID&E. Could the President in-
stitute courts and try these parties?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not claim that
he can, but he could give loyal men at least
the same protection he has given rebels. He
never hesitates to interfere in favor of rebels.
I refer the gentleman to the case "of Mr. Wat-
eon, of Virginia, and others; but it is not neces-
sary that I should go into this.
Mr. Speaker, I do not hesitate to say that,
in view of all the facts before us, if this invest-
igation is not proceeded with, and this man is
not put on trial, the provision of the Constitu-
tion providing for the impeachment of the
President is valueless. Sir, if this man is not
impeached, if he is not tried and deposed from
the high place which he has disgraced, then
no man who may succeed him need ever fear
trial and conviction, no matter what his crime.
Sir, if this Congress will but do its duty and
meet the just expectations of the loyal people
of this country by empowering its Judiciary
Committee to proceed with this investigation,
and thecommittee do so with that energy which
attends the proceedings in an ordinary criminal
case, I believe the impeachment and conviction
of the President is as inevitable as death.
Mr. Speaker, I should not have trespassed
so long upon the time of the House as I have
done but for interruptions. But I desire to
make one. suggestion which has just occurred
to me. It is this: that all persons, whether
citizens or foreigners, who have any documents
in their possession which would be evidence in
this case, or who are in the possession of any
facts tending to show technically the guilt of
this man, ought as a matter of duty to bring
them to the knowledge of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Any person in the possession of such facts
or documents refusing or neglecting to do so
becomes an accessory in the crime of this man,
and will he held responsible before the country
and in the great tribunal of human history as
a copartner in his guilt.
I now yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I object to the gentleman's yielding..
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Clerk will read the rule
upon this subject.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"While a member is occupying the floor he may
yield it to another for explanation of the pending
measure as well as for personal explanation."
Mr. HOLMAN. If it is for the purpose
of personal explanation I certainly do not
object.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I do not
boast of possessing any extraordinary degree
of courage, either moral or physical, but I thank
my_ Creator that He has so constituted me that
I can rise upon the floor of this House and de-
clare my convictions, even though they differ
from those of the majority of the party with
whom I act.
Sir, I differ toto ccelo from my colleague
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] who has just taken
his seat; and standing here in the very place
from which, less than two months ago, he
charged the Executive of the nation with high
crimes and misdemeanors, I denounce the
whole scheme of impeachment as one of con-
summate folly. I say, sir, that no one act
amounting to a crime or a misdemeanor has
as yet been proved against the Executive of
this nation, and I challenge any one to reply to
me when I make that averment.
And I say more than that. It is not expected
by some of those who charge the Executive
with high crimes and misdemeanors that proof
will be obtained. It is only necessary, as has
been said in high places within the last week
or ten days, that it should bo known that the
President is an "obstruction" in the way of
what my friend from Ohio calls "progress,"
and the Radical party of the country will feel
it to be their duty to remove him from office.
Sir, I hold to no such doctrine, and I say to
my associates of the great Union party that
they are mistaken if they suppose that the
intelligent people of the United States are going
to uphold them in a practice based upon any
such principle.
I had the utmost confidence in the Judiciary
Committee as constituted in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. I doubt not I shall repose an equal
degree of confidence in any committee that
shall be constituted by our present Speaker.
I have no objections to this investigation be-
ing pursued through the channel of the Judi-
ciary Committee ; I know in fact that it will
take that course. But at the same time, in or-
der to be consistent, I must say that I do op-
pose it and shall oppose it, until I have some
satisfactory evidence presented to my mind
to show that we can make an appeal to the con-
science of this great nation when we seek to
deprive it of its executive head.
Sir, we are bringing our republican institu-
tions, our popular form of government, to a test
such as no free nation ever yet imposed upon
its Government with impunity. I trust we are
not yet called to exhibit the same temper with
those'who lived in the days of Oliver Cromwell
in England, or with Robespierre and Marat in
France, when men who one day advocated the
most extreme measures of the Radicals were
the next day brought to the block or the guil-
lotine because they were not far enough in the
advance in the line of progress. Is that to be
our condition in this country ?
Mr. ROSS, (in his seat.) That is the road
we are traveling.
Mr. SPALDING. I have in my place voted
for every radical measure of reconstruction pro-
posed in this House, and yet we have not
adopted measures radical enough to suit the
purposes of some gentlemen who are around
me. They now cry for the head of the Execu-
tive.
Mr. WOOD, (in his seat.) They want more
blood.
Mr. SPALDING. And for what good pur-
pose? Is it to make way for some other man
or set of men ? Is this whole nation to be con-
vulsed ; is our public credit to be trifled with;
are our stocks to be brought down to forty,
thirty, twenty, or perhaps ten cents on the dol-
lar, just to gratify this eagerness to remove the
executive head of the nation? I can, in con-
science, support no such policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. How much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has thirty-
one minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I propose to yield
a portion of my time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. N1BLACK. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. NI BLACK. The matter now under
consideration is one of very serious character.
If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] is
in the possession of facts which will authorize
the step he proposes to take, then he is justi-
fied in bringing it before the House. But
there is a charge going the rounds of the press
of the country tending to show that the gentle-
man from Ohio is not the proper person to ini-
tiate the movement in this matter; and as a
reason for that charge against the gentleman
from Ohio certain letters are published which
purport to have been written some years ago
by the gentleman, then a member of Congress,
to a gentleman by the name of Case. The letters
are of rather queer import, and I desire to ask
that they be read, and that the gentleman from
Ohio have an opportunity to explain them. I
have no desire to do this out of any feeling of
unkindness toward the gentleman; but I think
he should have an opportunity to explain them.
Mr. ASHLEY, of O|iio. I do not yield to
have the gentleman come in here with any such
impertinence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] that
while he has the right to say of the remarks of
any member that they are not pertinent, he is
not in order when he says a gentleman is im-
pertinent.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] shall take
his seat until the House grant him permission
to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] did hot himself call the
gentleman from Ohio to order.
Mr. CHANLER. He was called to order
by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. There are two classes of
objections: one class is where the Speaker
rules that a member must confine himself to
the subject under consideration; the other is
where some gentleman rises in his place and
says, or the Speaker reminds the member
speaking, that in his remarks he is violating
the rules of order. In the present case, no
gentleman rising to make the point of order,
the Chair intimated to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] that there was a nice line
of distinction between the word "pertinent"
and the word "impertinent." The Chair does
not think it is one of those cases where a mem-
ber can demand that the other shall take his
seat.
Mr. CHANLER. I beg leave to state that
on a similar occasion in the last Congress,
when one of the members on the other side of
the House was called to order for improper
language, called to order by the Chair, he was
permitted to proceed because, as the Chair
stated, no member arose in his place and
objected to his proceeding. On this occasion
I rose immediately and objected to the gen-
tleman proceeding, and the Chair rules that
objection out of order. I hope the Chair will
explain so that I may understand the logic of
his ruling.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chan-
ler] with very great pleasure. The language
used by a gentleman in the last Congress, now
alluded to, as the Chairunderstands, by thegen-
tleman from New York, was language directly
and personally insulting to a member of the
House, apparently so intended. The Chair
ruled that that language was out of order. No
member followed up the ruling of the Chair by
insisting that the gentleman who had used such
language should take his seat until permitted by
a vote of the House to proceed; and afterward,
when the point was raised, the Chair ruled that
it was made too late. In this case the Chair
intimated to the gentleman from Ohio that his
remark, in the language in which he put it,
was not strictly within the bounds of parlia-
mentary decorum. The gentleman probably
intended to use language which was parlia-
mentary. Neither the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] to whom the remark was ad-
dressed, nor any other gentleman raised any
point; and hence it may be presumed the re-
mark was not regarded as personally offensive.
Mr. NIBLACK. I never make points of-
order on personal matters. I do not settle my
personal grievances in that way.
