1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decline
further argumenton the point. The gentle-
man from. Ohio is entitled to the floor, and
must proceed, unless the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. ChAnler,] or some other gentle-
man, appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 certainly do not take
any appeal; but I desire to renew my request
to the gentleman from Ohio, without meaning
any impertinenee to him, that he will give us
his definition of a "negative rebellion." I
hope he_ will not leave the House and the
country in ignorance on that point. The term
is one which, so far as I know, has been in-
vented by the gentleman himself; and I trust
he will give the country and the world a defi-
nition of it.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio. I must decline to
allow myself to be further interrupted by the
gentleman from New York. I will say to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] that
perhaps I ought not to have used the language
which I did, but I say that the gentleman's
suggestion is not pertinent to the question be-
fore the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does the, gentleman with-
draw the expression that he used?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I want to say to the gentleman
that the point which he raises has no possible
connection with this question, and is not at all
pertinent to it. When those letters were orig-
inally published, some< five or six years ago,
I came into this House and asked for an in-
vestigation. A committee was appointed, Mr.
Speaker, by your predecessor, two of the com-
mittee being Democrats and three Republicans.
I never went before that committee except when
they sent for me to give my evidence, which I
think was altogether unnecessary. The com-
mittee, after examining the whole matter, unan-
imously exonerated me from doing or intending
to do an improper act. I undertake to say fur-
ther, Mr. Speaker, that if the private letters of
any gentleman in this House were purloined and
published they might often on their face appear
very difficult of explanation. But, sir, as they
have nothing to do with this question I declined
to yield to permit the gentleman to spread those
letters upon the records.
Mr. NIBLACK. I simply desired to say to
the gentleman that the papers throughout the
country arc using these letters in connection
with this matter of impeachment. I had never
heard of the vindication to which the gentle-
man refers, and I desired to bring the matter
to the gentleman's attention, so that he might
state publicly whether the letters are genuine,
and so that he might present his vindication, if
he had any to present.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not require
any vindication. The gentleman understands
very well that since this matter has been intro-
duced here I have been assailed—and among
others by papers in his own district—in the
most offensive manner; assailed as he knows,
falsely. I do not propose to reply to any of
those assaults upon me. The constituency
whom for ten years I have represented on this
floor will take care of me and my character;
and I do not ask the gentleman from Indiana,
nor any member on this floor, to take care of it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the gentleman whether
I did not take some pains to have a correction
made in a paper in my district.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman
did so.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am not assailing the
gentleman's character.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. How long?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Eight minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I assume that
the action of the Thirty-Ninth Congress upon
the report of their committee, that there is
reasonable cause for the investigation of the
grave charges made against the President of
the United^States by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley,] forecloses the question on the I
main issue. I hold this Congress would be
false to itself, false to the country, false to the
principles of the American Government did
they shrink from the investigation.
,1 would not have troubled the House with a
single observation but for the new points which
have been thrown into the case by the condi-
tion of public affairs. One was made by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
when this House was organizing, that this was
not a constitutional body for the purpose of
legitimate business because a portion of the
States that had not destroyed themselves was
not represented. Sir, I wish to answer that
the First Congress of the United States, which
counted the votes and declared George Wash-
ington President of the United States, assem-
bled with only a quorum of each body; there
being at that time but eleven States in the
Union, and only a bare' majority of the mem-
bers, both in the House and Senate, was pres-
ent. Both Houses adjourned from day to day
until a majority appeared, and the moment
they thus obtained a quorum, that moment
they proceeded to the great business of organ-
izing this Government by making George
Washington President and going into general
legislation. Therefore we stand by the fathers,
for if a bare quorum of the Representatives
elected to the First Congress of the United
States, and only a majority of the States com-
posing the Union, could make George Wash-
ington President, cannot this House unmake
Andrew Johnson ? [Laughter. ]
Sir, this proceeding is likened to an inquest;
a grand jury consists of twenty-three men, in
which thirteen men only need be present, and
a bill is properly found if twelve vote for it;
and I assume if the report of the learned Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the last House is to
be trusted—and who doubts it?—whenever this
House does act on a final report declaring
an impeachment there will be an absolute
majority of the whole House in favor of such
impeachment of Andrew Johnson for high
crimes and misdemeanors.
Another point to which I wish to call the
attention of the House is the misconception I
have of the report of the committee of the last
House as it is popularly understood. That
committee reported there were grave charges
and evidence to sustain them, yet we have been
tauntingly asked why did it take two months
to find that out, and why did not the commit-
tee report charges if the facts are as well known
as they are claimed to be by the friends of the
measure? The propriety of withholding any
report of the facts in the manner they did,
whether the matter has to be further investi-
gated, or whether it was not to be further in-
vestigated, no man will question. I think we
may assume they were referring to evidence
which the public knows not of. They were
referring to subjects which require investiga-
tion ; careful, discreet, cool, and I may say in
view of public affairs, but decent in view of
the great consequences which may ensue from
their investigations. Therefore they did not
desire to make two reports, although they might
have reported upon the grave charges which
all men know, usurpation of executive and
legislative power, misuse of the pardoning
and appointing power, the return of immense
amounts of material which belonged to rebel
communities to the men composing these com-
munities, without authority of law.
Those are open and known to all men ; ay,
even the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaid-
ixg] must have heard of them, however much
he may have slept through the events of the
last year. Upon these, in my judgment, suffi-
cient articles might be found, and they are the
great charges upon which the House will be
called to vote.
We are called upon to find evidence upon
this question. The custom of Parliaments has
ever been to find evidence upon such questions,
and to find impeachment upon well-grounded
common fame, common report of the miscon-
duct of any high officer whenever any commit-
tee of the popular branch ©f the Legislature
can be found to entertain that common fame
and common report. So that current history,
which is the evidences upon which all govern-
mental action is based, is the evidence upon
which impeachment may be based so far as the
facts are concerned, which appear upon the
judicial, legislative, and executive records of
the country.
But, as regards secret crimes, if any there
be, I think it of very little consequence whether
there are any or not, because 1 am willing to
take the gauntlet thrown down by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] and I say that if
any man stands in the way of the great march of
this country to honor, glory, peace, unity, hap-
piness, liberty, and law he must be taken out
of the way by the constitutional, conservative,
and radical method.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's eight
minutes have expired.
Mr. BROOKS, Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. How long?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want the floor until
he is done.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I intend to call the
previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman intend
to call it?
Mr. ASBtLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. And to sustain it after the
charges he has made ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has fifteen minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will yield' that
time to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Silence will be the most
eloquent answer to the gentleman if he moves
the previous question. I will not make any
remarks under such a restriction as to time
upon such a solemn charge.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman allow
me five minutes?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, this question
of impeachment is a very grave one, and we
ought to undertake it with great delibera-
tion. I think we ought not at this time to al-
lege that any evidence that we have is sufficieat
to impeach the President. It is time enough
to decide that question after the Committee
on the Judiciary shall have given the subject a
fair and impartial investigation. We ought to
consider the matter coolly and deliberately,
and ought not to prejudge the case. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary are to be appointed
by the honorable Speaker of this House. I am
satisfied he will select men of legal ability, and
gentlemen who will give the subject careful and
thorough consideration. It is proper that the
matter should first be considered by men of
eminent legal ability and reported upon to the
House. If the evidence is sufficient to put the
President of the United States upon his trial,
let him have a fair and impartial hearing. He
should not be screened because he holds the
highest office in the nation, but should be
treated like any other citizen of this Govern-
ment, however humble.
But, sir, I am opposed to prejudging this
or any other case. I am not in favor of pro-
nouncing upon this floor that he is guilty before
we have an investigation and the evidence laid
before the House. If when the committee in
charge have given the subject a fair and full
investigation they shall find that he has been
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, I for
one would be ready to say, impeach him, and
remove him from the presidential chair with as
little delay as practicable, and not prolong the
trial in imitation to the great Hastings case
before Parliament. But until that committee
shall report, it is improper for us to pass on his
guilt or innocence.
I admit that the great Republican party
which promoted Andrew Johnson to his pres-
ent high position have been badly treated.
We elected him to that position, and he has
turned his back against.us and has joined hand
