1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
but throughout all parts of the country. Tet
every crime of less or greater enormity oc-
curring, or alleged to have occurred, through-
out the southern country, has been garnered up
here and spread before the people to inflame
the popular mind and induce the people to sanc-
tion the passage of the military bill and the
impeachment of the President of the United
States.
'; hive thousand killed!" I again declare
there is no proof of it upon the record. On
the contrary, it is on record before one of the
committees of this House that with regard to
the remote State of Texas, where it is allefed
three hundred Union men have been murdered,
the opinion of General Sheridan, in command
there, is that martial-law is unnecessary, and
that the civil law can be maintained and prop-
erly executed.
Mr: Speaker, I pass with pleasure from this
mere declamation of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to the specifications
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] who, with more care and more mi-
nuteness, recites some of the high crimes and
misdemeanors of which the President is alleged
to, have been guilty. But before I proceed to
comment upon those specifications, let me tell
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] who stands here in the way tempo-
rarily of this impeachment, that in this revo-
lution the character which he is personating—
with perfect sincerity I doubt not—is that of a
Girondist attempting to oppose the Jacobins
in their mad determination to push on further
and still further in their revolution. In all
probability the history of the Jacobins isj.0 be
rewritten and reacted here in these United
States. The gentleman from Ohio, an early
upholder and defender of the Radical party,
a man who almost from his youth has sus-
tained its principles, and when they were very
unpopular, is now attempting to resist this
great current of revolution. I do not shut
my eyes to facts ; I endeavor to comprehend
them truly, however much I dislike them ; and
looking at the facts as they present themselves,
I say that I do not think this revolution is yet
to stop. I do not think its history is yet half
written, yet half acted out. Unless the record
of all like revolutions is a lie, unless the stories
of Augustus and Julius Csesar, of Cromwell,
of Napoleon are fictions, the revolution which
has been begun in this country is to go on.
The President of the United States, though
his head may not be brought to the block, is
to be by force deposed and driven from the
"White House. Such is the history of revolu-
tions. The Girondists of the era of the French
Revolution were obliged to succumb; and the
Conservatives of this day will be temporarily
overcome by the Jacobins of our time, 'who
will run riot in their revolutionary projects
until some future Napoleon, not yet budded
and blown, shall assume military command in
this country, and out of chaos bring back
order, and be the means of arousing the peo-
ple to the defense of their liberties and of the
Constitution of the United States.
Hence, while I admire the resistance of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, and the par-
tial resistance of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Miller] to the present revolution-
ary programme, I see that all such eflorts must
be unavailing. History tells me that the de-
structive work of the revolutionists—the archi-
tects of ruin—must go on. And I appreciate
also the fact that I and those who are polit-
ically associated with me must be prei>ared to i
endure our share of the disastrous future now I
opening on the country. I apprehend that we j
on this' side of the House will soon be no sater j
hi the enjoyment of our rights here than it' we ;
were to-day subject to the despotic rule which !
ha« already spread itself over the sacred pre- j
eiiieN of Mount Vernon, where repose the 1
remains of Washington—no longer the sod of ;
]ibert\ : no longer the dwelling-place of tree- :
Join and of freemen: no longer the pilgi image ,
for the free and the brave, but in the land ot :
the despot, who exercises there the tyrannical
sway of the Turk, the Tartar, the Asiatic—in
a region of country where some mere brigadier,
without reason or the pretense of reason, can
recklessly incarcerate any American citizen and
doom him to imprisonment, without remedy or
redress. Alas, sir, no American citizen can
now boast on the sacred soil of Mount Vernon,
when bending or weeping over the remains of
the great Father of this once Republic, that he
is in the land of the free; for despotism, the
vilest of despotisms, a lawless military des-
potism, has seized upon and trampled upon the
consecrated Mount, as Turk upon Marathon,
as Arab over the hills and plains of the Jordan.
All, all, is despotism from the Potomac to the
Rio Grande.
One half, ay more than one half, of the
original territory of the Republic is no longer
a Republic ; no longer the home for a freeman ;
no longer the proper dwelling-place of an
American citizen ; no more a place to emigrate
to than Egypt or Algeria ; where there is now
no more liberty than in Turkey or Tartary.
The despotism which has been carried into the
southern country, as I have before remarked,
is in the progress of revolution to be extended
over the northern people before it is finished.
In the midst of this revolution we hear the
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] and the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Miller] calmly expostulating,
too late, sir, I fear too late. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] and hisvassociates
must triumph ovefthem in the end, for they
are the extremes, the Dantons of this revo-
lution. the arbiters of the land, and their sub-
jects here and elsewhere must obey. Whence
once the Girond trusted himself to the stormy
sea of revolution, the rudder was lost, and he
drifts where the Jacobin commands.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Butler,] in the enumeration of
his articles of impeachment, goes_ on in tlie
spirit of the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley,] and says that this House will
be false if it shrinks from the impeachment
now. Perhaps he is right: haying gone as far as
they have, they must go on with the revolution.
The ball which has been set. in motion is not
to be stopped ; it is irresistible, and will go on
until it. rolls all over this House, and the
country, too. But I respect the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
for the frankness with which he has addressed
the House.
Before, however, I proceed to enumerate his
specifications of impeachment, let me say,_ in
reply to a remark which he made concerning
a few observations submitted by me at the
organization of the House, that the first House
of Congress proceeded to its organization v,with-
out all the States being represented, and that
when the President of the United States,
George Washington, was declared elected, there j |
was not a full House present._ in reply to all ;
that, sir, let me refer him to the^record I have i
before me in the Journal of the First Congress. ;
There were but eleven States in the Union •
then. Rhode Island, one of the original thir- ;
teen, was not then a State in the Union. She '
refused to couie in. Norm Carolina was not j
a Slate in the Union. There were only eleven |
but ten
sented? Ten Senators and twenty-eight Rep-
resentatives out of twenty-two Senators and
sixty Representatives.
Mr. BROOKS. Several were absent from
the floor of this House at the first .day of the
session from the nineteen States present. I
did not enumerate the members; I counted
the States. The record shows that in the First
Congress there were ten States represented
out of the eleven.
We are told by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that the President is to be impeached
for executive and legislative usurpation. Well,
this is a late day to proceed to impeach-for
what has been done over a year and a half
ago! Why was it not thought of before? Why
this long sleepiness over so great a crime ? How
happens it that the Thirty-Ninth Congress
slumbered, slept over this awful enormity, and
that the gentleman fresh from Massachusetts
has just found it out ? Where were the guard-
ians of the Republic before the arrival of the
honorable gentleman here? But if there has
been a great crime it can be resisted now by the
judiciary alone, without involving the two
Houses of Congress in the tedious process
of impeachment. There are courts of law.
The instruments of these usurpations can all
be arrested, estopped, and condemned before
the recognized tribunals of the land. Sir, all
this is an after-thought, a year and a half be-
hind the time, and the discovery of it now is
too late even to take out the patent-right there-
for. Hence I do not attach any importance to
that specification, and I do not think more can
be made out of it than the more wordy, windy
charge of the gentleman from Ohio.
The gentleman from Massachusetts next
goes a little further and specifies one other
enumeration, namely, that the President of the
United States has surrendered war materials
to the rebels. I suppose he refers to the sur-
render of railroads and other materials after
the war; and therefore he says the President
ought to be impeached. I am quite sure the
records of the Department will show that
whatever surrender of such material the Presi-
dent has made has been made upon consulta-
tion with his Cabinet, and by the advice and
sanction of the Secretary of War and of the
Lieutenant General of the Army of the United
States. But I put it to the gentleman from
t Massachusetts, if that is a fair matter tor lm-
j peaclrment V 1 ask him if the tact ot the sur-
1 render by the President in the conflict of the
! war or at its close of war materials, for the
i public advantage or good, is any matter for
; impeachment at all, or even for denunciation j
S and I am quite sure I shall have the response
| of '' no." If I have read aright the history of
I the war, for every dollar of material surren-
i dercd by the President to the rebels the geu-
[ tleman from Massachusetts, as a commander
1 in the field, has surieudeied to those rebels
i ten dollars' worth of material where the Presi-
dent has surrendered oue.
1, General Grant himself, on the Appomattox,
>1 when the conflict of war was over, surrendered
'•! to the mounted rebels all their horses, and Ge_n-
!l eral Lee himself rode off on a horse the gift
1, OV grant of the ^ ictor. If, then, the surrender
of war material is an impeachable crime, when
General Grant is deposed, when the Caojnet
iTll are "impeached, when the President him-
self is deprived forever of all office ^for lite
therefor, we shall
then be looking after the
States of the Union then, but ten oi^ taem
were upon the floor ot the House when Geoige
iiil
other dav there were seventeen States absent
now: I should have had added Oregon, there
were' sir. eighteen States absent wnen we pro-
ceeded to organize this House.: eighteen States
out. leaving nineteen to conduct the business
of the country in the absence of eighteen.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman aaow
me a oeestion
Mr. "BROOKS.
Mr. BUTLEK.
Yes, sir.
Bv how many Senators and
Representatives were those ten States repre- ii
ten where the President tos surrendered one.
I admire, however, the frankness ot the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. He speaks plain
Anglo-Saxon English, and I admire this di-
rectness and frankness of speech as I do the
freedom of speech which we so often find
in the old State of Massachusetts, where there
is no disguise in words ideas, or intents^in
revolutionary times. The Presiden , he ted*
us. is in the v,-ay of the glorious inarch 01 prog-
ress ; is hi the way of ideas ami of legislation.
