24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
The gentleman's words, as I have them, were
that "He who stands in the way of progress
must be taken out of the way." This is free-
dom and frankness of expression; this is speak-
ing out loud what is spoken from the inner
circles of the caucus. The President of the
United States is in the way and must be re-
moved. This is revolutionary talk in Crom-
wellian English, and I like it. No matter what
says the Constitution of the United States; no
matter what may be the once necessary form
of election; no matter what may be the pre-
cedents of British or American law; no matter
whether those precedents are right or wrong,
the Executive stands in the way of our party
and he must be removed and stricken down.
This is the whole secret of this process of im-
peachment, and here on this floor it is candidly
avowed. I like it. I like to hear it. The
truth is sometimes pleasant, however harsh.
Let me appeal to my Republican friends on
the other side to consider what a precedent
this is that they are called upon to establish as
law. At some future time they will be in the
minority; another party will be in the major-
ity; and if the President of the minority
stands in the way of the party of the majority
that majority can suspend, impeach, and if
he stands in their way remove him. If such a
precedent, therefore, is established, this is no
longer a constitutional Government. We are
no longer a people living under a Constitution
if such principles can be carried out. Let it go to
the country, then, here from this Hall, that the
chief leader of impeachment here has avowed,
in substance, that no matter as to " the crimes
or misdemeanors" of the President, whether
he be guilty or not, so long as he stands in
their way that is enough—he must be taken
off and stricken down.
And now, Mr. Speaker, without going into
political details, let me ask what are to be the,
consequences if we execute the revolutionary
dccrccs of the honorable gentlemen from Mas-
sachusetts and Ohio. I am not going to por-
tray what effect such an abrogation of all con-
stitutional law is likely to have upon the mor-
als or the politics of the country. All of us
know that the Government is founded, not only
upon the people, but upon constitutional forms
and obligations, and if you once cut loose from
all these obligations, with all the accumulation
of debt which you have on hand, what are to
be the consequences only upon the debt, the
property, and the finances of the country? I
hesitate not to say that I know, as the Repre-
sentative of a very largo commercial district,
and as the Representative through that com-
mercial district more or less of the commerce
and trade of the country, that the first move-
ment of the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Asiiley] has already cost the merchants,
capitalists, manufacturers, and farmers of this
country over a hundred million dollars. Al-
ready by his action and his course over a
hundred million dollars have been sacrificed
in the stocks, obligations, and property of
this country. And now he proposes to keep
up this agitation for months and months longer.
Sir, if the bears of Wall street, who have prof-
ited by the calamities which have recently
occurred there to the amount of millions, if
those men, laden down by the profits of the
gambling operations which have damaged the
bonds of the States of Missouri, Iowa, Illinois,
and other northwestern States, were to give
him $1,000,000 for the mischief he has al-
ready created, they would but feebly discharge
their high obligations to him for the enormous
sums of money they have gained in conse-
quence of his action.
And yet it is now proposed that for two or
three or perhaps six months longer this alarm-
ing agitation shall be continued. What is the
proposition presented to us in the resolution be-
fore the House, and which we are called upon
to adopt? It is to provide the Committee on
the Judiciary with an unlimited amount of
money and means to enable them to go about
the country hunting up scandals, drumming
up witnesses, employing detectives, informers,
spies, and the like to suborn perjury, informers
of all classes and kinds, in order to recreate
this agitation and reexcite the people. Sir, we
have already approached, if we are not in the
midst of a financial crisis. The wages of labor
are already being cut down in the State of Rhode
Island; hundreds of operatives are being dis-
charged from the factories of Massachusetts
and Connecticut; thousands of laborers are
stalking unemployed through the streets of
New York ; and elsewhere throughout the
country the demand for labor is made by
thousands who are dependent upon it for their
daily subsistence.
Like operations will extend from the great
heart of New York through all the country
if this agitation is encouraged to go on. No
more railroads can be built in the West, no
more bonds of western States can be sold, 110
more capital can be profitably employed in
those States.
It is proper, therefore, I again repeat, that
this impeachment should go on this very day,
or it should stop this very day. Agitation,
revolutionary agitation, financial agitation, is
death to the commerce, the trade, the agricult-
ure, the capital of this country. If the Pres-
ident of the United States is to be removed or
deposed, take him now from the White House,
and install there your .newly-elected President
of the Senate. Do it forthwith, immediately;
and then go on with no longer delay in this
work of destruction and death. I now yield
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
The SPEAKER. IIow long a time does the
gentleman propose to yield to his colleague,
[Mr. Wood?]
Mr. BROOKS. What time does he want?
Mr. WOOD. Not many minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Iyield to him for such time
as he may want. When he has concluded, if I
have time left I will yield it to others.
Mr. WOOD. I do not propose, Mr. Speaker,
upon the mere question of reference to discuss
the subject of impeachment. Whatever may
be the merits or demerits of the President of
the United States, I suggest that upon a pre-
liminary question of this kind such a discussion
would be not only out of place, but calculated
to do irreparable injury to the great subject
involved.
Therefore, in the few remarks that I propose
to submit to the House, I shall not follow the
example of thehonorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley,] who introduced these resolu-
tions. I certainly shall not follow his example
of vituperation and wholesale slanders, already
refuted by the report made to the Thirty-Ninth
Congress by this same Committee on the Judi-
ciary. That committee, composed of the ablest
and most distinguished men of the last House,
after sitting for two months, every day and
almost every hour engaged in this investigation,
made a lame and impotent conclusion in the
report, which they submitted to that House,
which refuted every allegation of slander the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] originally
made upon this floor.
Therefore, at this time I shall not attempt to
defend the President of the United States.
When that committee shall have made its
report, and when there is exhibited to the
country and to the world an accusation of suffi-
cient consequence to warrant the action of this
House upon the question of impeachment, then
I shall be prepared to discuss the subject, and
to startle this House and the country with
reference to the secret motives and acts of those
who have instituted this proceeding.
But I have risen now for no such purpose.
I have risen merely to express my regret that
at the very threshold of this Fortieth Con-
gress we shall distinguish our proceedings by
reviving an agitation and an excitement which
is calculated to do great injury to all the indus-
trial pursuits of our land. I have risen to pro-
test against the continued agitation of a ques-
tion of this magnitude and importance. I ask
this House to give this country rest; to allow
the people of the United States to have a few
months of quiet that they may look after their
individual interests and pursuits. Instead of
continuing an agitation of this character, let
us do something toward relieving the people ;
let us recognize the duties that are imposed
upon us as legislators, and attempt to develop
the material resources of the country ; let us do
something to reduce the enormous public debt
that now hangs over our land ; to lessen this
grievous burden of taxation which is now op-
pressing the people ; to develop our mineral,
our agricultural, our manufacturing resources.
In short, I ask that the Congress of the United
States may proceed with calmness, with states-
manship, with a cool, careful examination, to
legislate for the real wauts of the land, and not
continue an excitement and an agitation of the
public mind which is a terror to the capital of
the country, which is preventing the industry
of the country froth expanding, and which is
retarding the process of pacification in the
land. I ask that we rise to a full appreciation
of the duties and responsibilities imposed upon
us by our constituencies.
I have, therefore, risen to protest against
the revival of this question of impeachment at
all. The report of the late Judiciary Commit-
tee is of itself a sufficient argument why the
proposition should not now be renewed. What
a spectacle have we had exhibited hereto-day!
An unprecedented course of action on the part
of the mover of this resolution; upon a mere
motion of reference he has discussed the whole
question of impeachment. He has gone into
an argument, if his declaration can be called
an argument, to convict in advance the man
whose conduct he proposes to have investi-
gated. He has assumed to stand up here and
pronounce judicially upon the question of im-
peachment, and that, too, in such a way as to
convince the House and the country in advance
that he is incapable of giving a disinterested
and unprejudiced vote upon the subject.
Sir, in every deliberative body, whether in
this country or in Europe, where an attempt
has been made to impeach a high executive
officer, mere self-respect, if nothing else, has
prevented any member from exhibiting him-
self in advance in the attitude and position
which the gentleman from Ohio has assumed
here to-day.
But I will not discuss the merits involved in
this question of impeachment. I have risen
merely to make my protest and to express my
regret at the proposed action; to implore the
Congress of the United States to discharge its
legislative duties, to do something to relieve
the oppressed people of our land, something to
encourage the industrial interest now suffering
so long in consequence of this agitation. The
war is over, but peace is not yet restored; one
third of the country is still paralyzed for want
of action on the part of the Government. The
people are yearning to be allowed by the Con-
gress of the United States to again make their
bread by the sweat of their brows.
And yet we here, clothed with high official
power, professing to represent this whole land,
propose to put an impediment in their way, to
adopt measures that must be destructive to
their welfare.
Therefore, sir, I hope that we may hear no
more of this question of impeachment. If the
subject is to be referred, let it be referred; let
the committee after full and fair examination
make their report; and if that committee shall,
upon sufficient evidence, report that the Presi-
dent of the United States has been guilty of
any of the crimes with which he is charged,
if the committee can sustain any of these grave
accusations by testimony, I will go with the
gentleman from Ohio and the other gentlemen
on that side of the House in favor of the im-
peachment and removal of the President of the
United States.
Mr. BROOKS. I now yield six minutes to
my colleague, [Mr. Pkuyn.]
Mr. PRDYN. Mr. Speaker, T differed from
some of my associates, though I assented to
