28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
tied "An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ported wool, and for other purposes," be printed for
the use of the Senate.
EXPEDITION AGAINST INDIANS.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate whether an armed
expedition has been ordered by the WarDepartment
or other.authority against thelndiansof the western
Territories; and, if so, that he communicate the
instructions under which it was organized, as well as
those which are to govern its operations; and that
he further inform the Senate, in case such expedition
has been ordered, against what tribe or tribes of
Indians it is designed to wage war.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 27) author-
izing the corporation^ of Washington city to
make a loan and issue stock for building a
market-house; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-'
trict of Columbia.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent-obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
28) to grant to the American Atlantic Cable
Telegraph Company of New York the right
of way and privilege to lay, land, and operate
a, submarine telegraph cable on the Atlantic
coast of the United States, and establish tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and Europe, via the Bermudas and
Azore Islands; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions; which were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (S. No. 29) for the relief of Hugh
Leddy;
A bill (S. No. 35) for the relief of John F.
Stewart; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) for the
relief of Walter C. Whitaker.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 12) fixing the pay of the
.clerks at the Springfield armory; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 80) to grant one million acres of public
lands for the benefit of public schools in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 13) conferring upon
territorial courts jurisdiction under the act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 14) to provide for
the payment of the claim of Martha A. Estill,
tuiministratrix of the estate of James M. Estill,
deceased, Redrick McKee, and Pablo del a
Pobla, deceased; which was read twice by its
title, anfl referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 32) to amend and simplify
the acts relating to the Metropolitan police of
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 33) for the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, ancl by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 34) authorizing the purchase of lands in
Alabama under certain circumstances; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S.
No. 9) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the fees and costs to be allowed clerks,
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved February 26, 1853, was
taken from the table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. STEWART the following
bills heretofore introduced by him were taken
from the table, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
. A bill (S. No. 1) to reorganize the judiciary
of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 2) to regulate certain pro-
ceedings in criminal cases; and
A bill (S. No. 3) concerning injunctions and
proceedings in civil cases.
NATIONAL MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
31) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to incorporate a Na-
tional Military and Naval Asylum for the relief
of the totally disabled officers and men of
the volunteer forces of the United States,'"
approved March 21,1866.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of it?
Mr. WILSON. It is .important to pass the
bill to- day for a reason whifch I will state. By law
the management of this Asylum is committed to
aboard of twelve members—the Chief Justice,
the President, the Secretary of War, and nine
other persons. They are compelled by law to
meet four times a year. Their quarterly meet-
ing is at this time: they have business of great
importance to attend to. Some of the gentle-
men, as the Governor of New Hampshire and
the Attorney General of New York, have left
Other important business to come here to this
meeting. They have been unable thus far to
get a quorum of the board ; there are only six
present. One member, who would make a
quorum, cannot act, because he has been elected
a member of Congress. The board have unani-
mously asked to have the law changed in that
respect which excludes members of Congress
from being members of the board. Tf we pass
the bill promptly to-day the board can proceed
to act and dispose of their business; if not,
there is no telling when they will be able to get
a quorum.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is this bill to repeal the
provision that excludes members of Congress'?
Mr. WILSON. This bill simply strikes out
of the law of last year the words "not mem-
bers of Congress," one of the board having
been elected to Congress.
The bill was read three times, and passed.
MESSAGE FR01I TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that Mr. Frederick E. Woodbridge of Ver-
mont, Mr. Epiiraim R. Ecklez of Ohio, and
Mr. IIiram McCullougu of Maryland, had been
appointed members of the joint select Commit-
tee on Equalizing the Salaries of Officers of
Congress on the part of the House, under the
concurrent resolution of the House authorizing
that committee.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
Senate to renew and continue the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment during the Fortieth
Congress.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2) to
repeal an act entitled "An act to retrocede
the county of Alexandria, in the District of
Columbia, to the State of Virginia, and for
other purposes," in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed without amendment the joint reso-
lution, (S. R. No. 2,) supplementary to other
joint resolutions, to enable the*people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in 1867;
and the joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the improve-
ment of Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
RELIEF OF FREEDMEN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) for the relief
of freedmen or destitute colored people in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose to
have this joint resolution referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and with
the indulgence of the Chair I desire to invite
the attention of the chairman of th#t committee
to the early consideration of the subject. On
a former day, near the close of the late session,
a similar resolution for a larger sum, $20,000
I believe, was passed by the Senate, but it
failed to receive the consideration of the House
of Representatives. I then had occasion to
state to the Senate what I understood to be
the necessities of this class of people in this
District, and I think the honorable chairman
will find that they commend themselves very
strongly to his sense of humanity and charity.
I hope the resolution will receive the early
attention of the chairman of that committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that this sub-
ject was examined thoroughly by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia at the last Con-
gress, and was acted on favorably by the Senate.
I perceive, therefore, no necessity for referring
it to the committee as now organized; and
henee I move that it be taken up for consider-
ation now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at this time. Is there objection? No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask,for the reading
of the resolution.
The resolution was read. It proposes to
appropriate $15,000 for the relief of freedmen
or destitute colored people in the District of
Columbia, to be expended under the direction
of the Commissioner of the Bureau of Freed-
men and Refugees.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
THANKS TO GEORGE PEABODY. •
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of joint resolution
(S. R. No. 1) which is now printed and on the
table of the Senators. I submit a motion to
that effect.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 1) presenting the thanks
of Congress to George Peabody was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hope sin-
cerely that there can be no question on this
resolution. It expresses the thanks of Con-
gress for an act which is great in itself and
also great as an example. I can recall no in-
stance in history where a private person during
life has bestowed so large a sum in charity.
Few after death have done so much. The
bequest of Smithson, which Congress accepted
with honor, and which is the foundation of the
institution which receives our annual care, was
much less than the donation of Mr. Peabody
for purposes of education in the South and
southwestern States, to be distributed amongthe
whole populace without any distinction other
than in the needs and the opportunities of use-
fulness to them. I hail this benefaction as of
espccial value now, first as a contribution to
education, which is a sacred cause never to be
forgotten in a Republic; secondly, as a charity
to a distressed part of our country which
