1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
needs the help of education; and thirdly, as an
endowment for the equal benefit of all without
any distinction of caste. As it is much in itself,
so I cannot but think that it will be most fruit-
ful as an example. Individuals and communi-
ties will be moved to do more in the same
direction, and impartial education may be
added to recent triumphs.
I shall not be led to consider the difference
between the widow's mite and the rich man's
endowment, except to remark that when a
charity is so large as to become historic it is
necessarily taken out of the category of com-
mon life. Standing apart by itself it chal-
lenges attention and fills the mind. It receives
homage and gratitude. Such, I am sure, has
been the prevailing sentiment of our country
toward Mr. Peabody. In voting this resolution
Congress will only give expression to the pop-
ular voice.
I should be sorry to have it understood that
the thanks of Congress could be won only in
war. Peace has victories which deserve honor
also. A public benefactor is a conqucror in
the perpetual conflict with evil. He, too, meets
the enemy face to face. Let him have some-
thing of the rewards of victory.
Already in England our benefactor has sig-
nalized himself by a generous endowment of
the poor. The sum he gave was large, but not
so large as he has now given for education in
our country. The sentiments of the British
people found expression through the Queen,
who honored him with a present and with an
autograph letter declaring her grateful sense
of his beneficence. Kindred sentiments may
justly find expression through Congress, which
is empowered to write the autograph of the
American people.
If it be said that this vote is without prece-
dent, I reply that this is a mistake. You voted
thanks to Mr. Vanderbilt for the present of a
steamer, and to Mr. Field for generous enter-
prise in establishing the telegraphic cable
between the two continents. But even if
there were ho precedent, then do I say make
a precedent. Your vote will be less unpre-
cedented than his generosity.
At this moment, when we are engaged in the
work of reconstruction, 'this endowment for
purposes of education in the southern and
southwestern States is most timely. Educa-
tion is one of the foundation-stones of that
republican government which we seek to estab-
lish. On this account again let us honor the
benefactor.
I have not asked a reference to a committee,
because it seemed to me that the resolution
was of such a character that the Senate would
be glad to act upon it directly. The thanks
we offer will be of more value if promptly
offered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not
know that any objection will be made to the
adoption of this resolution ; and I rise only
because my intimacy, which dates back further
than 1820, with the gentleman whom it is pro-
posed to honor, has been such that it is perhaps
proper that I should say a word before the
resolution is adopted.
Mr. Peabody, I believe, is a native of Massa-
chusetts by birth; but he came to Baltimore
very early. I found him there in 1817 when I
moved to the city, and was associated with him
at that time in the relation of attorney to client,
and have ever since watched his progress in
life. I had the pleasure of meeting him in
London in 1845, and again in 1854, and had
an opportunity of knowing the manner in which
he conducted himself there, and the very de-
cided influence in favor of the United States
which his conduct caused. He sustained the
credit of the States when it was at a very low
ebb, and he did that particularly in relation to
the public debt of Maryland. For Maryland
he had an attachment just as great as he had
for his native State of Massachusetts, and he
evinced it on all occasions. On every returning
anniversary of our national independence ho
selected around him all the Americans of re-
spectability whom he could find in London,
with many members of the British Parliament
and other distinguished men of that nation;
and those entertainments were so conducted
that they served very much to preserve the
good relations which have so long subsisted,
or at least which did subsist up to the breaking
out of the late civil war in Which we have been
engaged, between that country and the United
States. And I have every reason to believe
that during the pendency of the rebellion he
was always a firm and consistent friend of the
IJnion, never hesitating to express his opinion
as to what would be the probable result, and
always cautioning his friends in the South, for
he had many there, against what he deemed
not only an unjustifiable, but an insane effort;
and since the termination of the war he has
taken a course which I think entitles him
to the honor of the nation and to the honor
of the world. He has tried by all the means
in his power to bring about in feeling as well
as in fact a restoration of the relations which
at one time so happily subsisted between the
citizens of the rebellious States and those of
the other States.
The gift which he has made, which has
properly been stated by the honorable member
from Massachusetts to be almost without pre-
cedent, is calculated—and I know is so es-
teemed by the southern mind—to fix in their
mind an opinion that there is, in the judgment
of the respectable portion of the loyal States,
(they believing that what he says reflects but
the real sentiment of that portion of the loyal
States,) an anxious desire to see them again in
our midst, with all their original rights, just as
they Tvere before the rebellion. I should hope,
therefore—and I cannot doubt that such will
be the result—that the thanks of Congress
would be at once, and with unanimity, ten-
dered for this extraordinary, in point of ex-
ample, endowment, looking to the accomplish-
ment of an end in which not only the southern,
but all the other States are so deeply interested,
general education.
Mr. TIPTON. It is not astonishing, Mr.
President, that I should be solicitous in regard
to the manner in which I should cast my first
vote in this body. I acknowledge that solici-
tude on this occasion, and regret exceedingly
that I feel impelled to say anything on this
question at this time. Before I could vote for
this resolution I should desire to understand
most emphatically the position that was occu-
pied by the donor during the time of our recent
struggle for national existence. I am inclined,
however, because of the source whence this
resolution comes, to infer that all was right in
that behalf; bnt I ask for no enlightenment on
that point, because I am against the adoption
of this resolution, not on account of any con-
sultation with any member of this body, but
from principle. If I need any justification for
my course on this occasion I desire it to be
understood that, if I am the representative of
anybody on the floor of this Senate, I am the
representative of an humble constituency; with
such a constituency on the frontier I have been
and shall hereafter be identified: and when I
know positively that I have constituents of as
pure intentions in behalf of education and
science and art as the grantor of this charity
can be, and when I remember that some of
them have done all that men could do in a pri-
vate capacity, and when I see this gentleman
making a munificent grant in a private capa-
city, I cannot consent to shower on him the
thanks and the honors of the Senate when I am
not able to vote them to the humblest of my
constituency who have done equally well, hav-
ing done what they were able to do ; and he
has done no more. I hope now that on that
subject 1 am understood, and will be under-
stood hereafter in all my future action as a
member of this body.
So far as the munificence of this grant as
regards the amount is concerned, I concede it.
Other wealthy men of our country have granted
by thousands and tens of thousands for educa-
tional purposes; and they have received the
thanks of corporations and the thanks of States,
and they will receive them again. If this grant
had been for educational purposes in Nebraska
I should not have come here for a national
indorsement for the grantor, but should have
secured that indorsement from the recipients of
the charity from my own constituency in Ne-
braska. It is legitimate, it is proper, for the
people who are to be benefited by this grant
to show their gratitude by gold medals or in
any other manner that they choose to express
it. They have in Louisiana, as I discover,
already indicated their gratitude by a resolu-
tion, perhaps, of their legislative body. This'
is but a private grant, munificent as it may be;
and when millions were at the disposal of the
donor it was easier for him to contribute mil-
lions than for many men to contribute a hun-
dred or a thousand.
If this were a national gift, if it stood on the
basis of the Smithson grant, I would, as a mat-
ter of course, be willing to vote the thanks of
the Congress of the United States; but it stands
in no national position whatever, and therefore
that cannot be claimed for it. In making this
grant the donor, I understand, declared that he
did it as a duty. If it is done as a Christian
charity, as a Christian duty, he has his reward
hereafter and the consciousness of it here, and
I am not disposed to doubt the ability of the
Almighty to reward him to the utmost, and I
do not suppose it is necessary for me to help
the Deity out by granting a gold medal here.
I prefer to leave him to his golden reward here-
after. I think he also says that he regards it as
a privilege to make this gift. Sir, it is a privi-
lege, a privilege that few men will ever have ;
and the benefits of the privilege are great—dis-
tinction among men here, honor after death—
for having granted so much for so great a char-
ity. I say, therefore, that if it had all been for
the benefit of my own constituency I should
not have voted a national medal for him, but
would be lavish of the honors of Nebraska indi-
vidually upon him for the munificence of the
grant. With this view of the question, impelled
to it from a sense of duty, I cannot and will
not make any distinction between the giver of
a dollar and the giver of a thousand and the
giver of a million, when each in his sphere and
in his capacity has done all that it was possible
for him to do in behalf of education and sci-
ence and general literature.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I pro-
pose calling for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of this resolution in order that the
record may be made up. I confess I do not
see any analogy between this great donation for
public, I may almost say national, objects and
ordinary charitable contributions made by our
citizens. I do not see that in expressing the
sense of our people on this occasion we make
an invidious distinction among persons who
are disposed to acts of charity and beneficence.
This gentleman, although a native of the Uni-
ted States, has been in point of fact a British
merchant; he has resided in a foreign country
during the greater portion of his life; and he
has acquired his wealth, his property, by being
concerned in foreign commerce. He now
comes to this country and bestows these dona-
tions upon a charitable object, to be expended
within our own limits. I think the case stands
upon very different grounds from a case of
donation by one of our own people, of prop-
erty acquired in the pursuits of life among us,
to an object of local, of State, or of general
beneficence. Whatever may have been the con-
siderations legitimate upon the introduction
of a measure of this kind, whatever question
there may have been as to the_ propriety of .
introducing it, I should think it very unfor-
tunate, to say the least, if, having been intro-
duced, it should not be adopted, and adopted
by a pretty unanimous vote of the Senate and
of the House of Representatives. I ask that
the question on the passage of the resolution,
when taken, be taken by the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. STEWART. Before the resolution is
passed I merely wish to remark that I think it
was a little unfortunate that the Senator from
