30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Massachusetts cited Vanderbilt's case as a pre-
cedent for this. If I thought this resolution
rested upon any such grounds as the vote of
thanks to Vanderbilt I should certainly vote
against it, whereas I expect to vote for it. The
resolution for Mr. Vanderbilt was passed with-
out any investigation of how much money he
had made out of the Government, with which
he had large transactions. It has unfortunately
happened to me to have been a passenger on
some of Mr. Vanderbilt's steamers. A resolu-
tion of this kind ought to imply that the person
who is honored is a good man, deserving the
thanks of the nation. I do not believe anybody
who is acquainted with Vanderbilt's transac-
tions or who ever traveled on his steamers will
pronounce him to be a humane man. Any one
who witnessed the suffering of one trip would
be shocked at a proposition to give him a vote
of thanks for any purpose. I regret that that
name has been mentioned on an occasion like
this. I hope that in the case now before us
the thanks of the nation will be tendered to this
gentleman, who has been so liberal and who
has acquired so much reputation by his liberal
donations. I hope his private charities, which
we do not know and do not hear of, will cor-
respond with his public charities, which have
filled the world, and I hope this resolution will
do much good toward the object which it is
designed to further, the cause of general edu-
cation.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was read the
third time.
The question on the passage of the resolution
being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 06,
nays 2 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bucltalew, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, ConkliDor, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Frelinghuysen. Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Moiton,Patterson of
I^ew Hampshire, Ramsey, Ross. SauUbury,Sherman,
Spra^ue, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Van Winkle,
Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—3U.
NAYS—Messrs. Grimes and Tipton—2.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Conner, Edmunds,
Fessenden. Foivler, Guthrie, Harlan, Howard, Nor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of Tennnessee, Pomeroy, Kiddle,
Tiumbull, and Willcy—15.
So the joint resolution was passed.
LIQUOIt IN THE CAPITOL.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
reconsider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) to
prevent the sale or use of liquors iu the Capitol
building.
The resolution declares it unlawful for any
person to bring or, directly or indirectly, to
cause to be brought, into the Capitol building,
or into any building pertaining thereto, any
spirituous or malt liquors, wine or cider, for sale
or use, or for any other purpose; and any officer
or employe of the Government who shall in any
manner violate or connive at or countenance the
violation of this resolution is to be summarily
dismissed from office; and it is to be the duty of
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and House
of Representatives, under the supervision ofthe
Presiding Officers of their respective Houses, to
enforce the provisions of the resolution under
the same penalties for neglect or refusal to
do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps nobody is more
opposed to the use of drinks of that sort in the
Capitol than I am, but it seems to me this reso-
lution is carrying the thing to an extreme. It
prohibits anything of that sort from coming
into the Capitol in any way. Suppose a mem-
ber of Congress who has been in the habit of
'taking a drink in the course of the day brings
liquor into the Capitol himself, is he to be pun-
ished, is he to be dismissed, or is an employ^
whom he may ask to supply him in that par-
ticular to be dismissed for obeying the request,
almost in the nature of an order, of a member
of Congress ? I doubt very much the propriety
of passing a resolution like this. I think it is
rather an impeachment of Congress, which I
am very unwilling to make unless it be abso-
lutely necessary.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me to be a plain
duty to pass the resolution. This Capitol
ought to be free from the use of intoxicating
drinks. We have had exhibitions, enough of
that kind, and if there are any honors in it they
cluster around us thick enough now. Officers
and employes of the Senate ought not to con-
vert their rooms into drinking-saloons or bar-
rooms. It is time to put a stop to such action;
and to speak plainly, I think the time has
come when no committee-room of this body
shall be converted into a bar-room. I pro;
pose on that question to take the judgment of
the Senate. There are buildings away from
this Capitol where drinking can be carried on.
I propose, therefore, to clean intoxicating
drinks out of this Capitol, out ofthe committee-
rooms, out of the rooms of the officers of the
Senate, out of the rooms below. I hope that
every Senator and every member of the House
of Representatives will vote for this resolution,
and that we shall clear this Capitol of intoxi-
cating drinks, and that they will come back to
torment us no more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I myself am as much
in favor of temperance as the Senator from
Massachusetts, 1 think ; I have not been in the
habit, as most of the Senators know, of drink-
ing ; but I think that the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts are calculated to mis-
lead the public in regard to drinking in this
Capitol. He talks of committee-rooms being
made liquor-shops. Sir, I have served here
for many years, not quite as long as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, but I never saw a
particle of liquor in any committee-room.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nor I.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I recollect that a few
years ago a Senator from New Hampshire, not
now a member, made some remarks in regard
to drinking in the Capitol; and I remember,
after a I returned home to Illinois, being ques-
tioned in regard to intoxication about the build-
ing, and I was inquired of if it was true that
liquor was furnished to the little pages, boys
a dozen years old, who were said to be intoxi-
cated. I had forgotten the remarks of the
Senator from New Hampshire ; but they mis-
led the country. I never knew and never heard
of. a page being intoxicated. I have never seen
liquor for sale about this Capitol; and if the
Senator from Massachusetts finds it he goes
to places that I do not know of.
1'am in favor of keeping liquor out of the
Capitol; but this is no new proposition. A
joint rule of the two Houses of Congress
adopted years and years ago prohibits the sale
of liquors within the Capitol. The 19th joint
rule adopted thirty years ago reads as follows:
"No intoxicating liciuors shall be offered for sale,
or exhibited within the Capitol, or on the public
grounds adjacent thereto."
If liquors are kept for sale in this Capitol,
the remedy is to enforce the rule. If any
officer has had liquors for sale here it has been
in violation of the rule. If the rooms of offi-
cers about this Capitol are filled with liquor,
let them be .expelled. But I think the coun-
try will be misled by the statement of my friend
from Massachusetts. It is that to which I ob-
ject, not to the removal of the liquor. I desire
that there should be none about the Capitol;
but I am sure that if the Senator's remarks go
out without any comment the country will draw
an erroneous impression in regard to drinking
about this building. If there be about this
building liquors for sale I do not know it; it
has never come under my observation. I
know of no place in the Capitol where you can
purchase liquors, and I know of no person
that has them for sale. And so far as the
committee-rooms are concerned, I have served
upon different committees during the time I
have been a member of this body, and I have
never seen in the room of any committee of
which I have been a member intoxicating
liquors, and have never known of it. I am
quite sure there are none in the room of the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia;
1 do not believe the Committee on Naval
Affairs have liquors in their room, or that the
chairman of the Committee of Finance keeps
them in his room. Where are they?
All I desired was to correct the impression
that I thought would be drawn from the Sen-
ator's remarks. That members of the Senate
and officers of the Senate drink liquor some-
times, is doubtless true; unfortunately per-
haps, some of them drink more than they
ought to; but it is not true that the committee-
rooms are liquor shops so far as I know, and
I do not know that the measure which the
Senator from Massachusetts now has in hand
will correct the evil. I suppose if men are
determined to drink they will get liquor in
some way. They will perhaps carry the whis-
ky in their pockets or manage in some way to
obtain it. I am willing to unite with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and make it as incon-
venient to.them as we can. All I desired was
that an erroneous impression shall not go
abroad as to the condition of things in the
Capitol.
Mr. WILSON. I have no disposition to
magnify the evil of bringing liquors into this
Capitol; in fact it would take more powers than
I have to magnify it. The Senator tells us
he has never seen liquor sold here. Never saw
liquor sold here! Was he never in "the-hole-
in-the-wall'.'"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not know there
was onfi.
Mr. WILSON. When I first came here we
had what was called "the-hole-in-the-wall,''
and it was only closed up three or four years
ago. I never saw the Senator there, but I have
|_)66H tllGFG 
Mr. TR UMBULL. Has not that been closed
up for years ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; for three or four
years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it was abolished
several years ago.
Mr. WILSON. A few years ago. It was
impossible to go into that place to get a cup
of tea when we were sitting here at night with-
out witnessing the sale of liquors. It is but a
very short time ago when an officer in this
Capitol kept his whisky-jug here, and it wa3
visited by persons in our employment, and by
officers of the Government. There is a room
now that has been a drinking-place this winter;
a room under the care of an«efticer of the Sen-
ate. I do not say that the committee-rooms
generally are used for such purposes, but there
are rooms that are so used, and if the Senator
does not know it he ought not to question the
word of those who do know it. I suggest to
the Senator that it is not prudent for him to
push that matter too far.
In my judgment, since the foundation of the
Government, there has never been a Congress
so free from the use of intoxicating liquors as
the Thirty-Ninth Congress. It was better than
the Thirty-Eighth, and the Thirty-Eighth was
better than the Thirty-Seventh, and the Thirty-
Seventh was better than its predecessor. There
has been a steady and marked improvement
during the fourteen sessions I have been here
in that respect. The House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, was a most re-
markable body in this respect. I think there
is a great improvement in the Senate, and I
hope there will be an improvement in the
Fortieth Congress over the Thirty-Ninth iu
both Houses. This proposition simply makes
it illegal to bring liquors here for sale or for
use, forbids their sale, and authorizes the Ser-
geants-at-Arms of the two Houses to see that
they are not brought here. I hope we shall all
concur in passing this resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not hear the reso-
lution read; but I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts to say that it merely makes the
bringing of liquor into the Capitol building
illegal. If that is all, it is entirely too tame,
because it has always been illegal; it should
be made criminal, and the party guilty of the
crime should be arrested. If we mean any-
thing, lot us be thorough about it. Declaring
a thing illegal, without providing further than
that, does not mean anything. [ do not know
