1867,.
Tip.; %H>m,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The embarrassment
spoken of by the . Senator from" Rhode Island
does "not lie at "the door of Congress. It will
be _*emembere'd that most of the nominations
which hespeaks of as being'rejected were sent
to-up during'the last twenty-four" hours of the
Session; some_ of- them within "twelve hours.
Nominations in the Post Office Department,'
where the' appointments had been maae before
Congress convened in December, were withheld:
from the Senate till within twelve hours of its'
adjournment in.many instances. How it was
possible for_the_ Senate to examine these nu-
merous nominations sent in at that late hour
I do not know. If there is any embarrassment
in the Post Office Departrnenfc,iri'thc Treasury
Department, or in any other Department of
this Government, the fault lies somewhere else
than with the Senate for rejecting nominations.
We had no opportunity to reject or confirm
most of these nominations till within twenty-
four hours of onr adjournment under the Con-
stitution. I do not think that affords any rea-
son why the Senate should meet to-morrow to
receive nominations which were withheld from
us for three months, while we were in session
here and prepared to act; upon'them, and sent
to us in the hurry of the expiring hours of the
session.
Mr. SPRAG-UE. It is not a question as to
who is to blame at all. I did "not rffise that
question. Whether the President is to blame
or the Secretaries are to blame is'a question
not introduced into the remarks that I sug-
gested. The question is as to the embarrass-
ment of the Department, and from what is
known to the Senate it is evident that the De-
partments and the President are making efforts
to relieve the Senate of its embarrassment as
regards confirming or rejecting nominations ;
in other words, that there are nominations now
that will probably be sent that will- be made
acceptable to the Senate ; and in that regard it
is important that the Senate should be in session
to meet that condition of things to-day and to-
morrow. Otherwise, you will be kept in session
a week or ten days later than you otherwise
would be kept if you do not now retain your
seats and act upon acceptable nominations that
will be sent to you. I think there is no doubt
of that proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. This discussion whether we
shall adjourn over has taken a wide range.
Nobody ean doubt that the President failed in
his duty when he postponed sending in those
nominations to the last, hours of the session ;
but because the President failed in his duty
that is no reason why the Senate should fail in
theirs. We must acton the nominations when
they are sent to us. That is our constitutional
duty. We must act on them at least so far as
we can, as is consistent with our ability and,
if I may so say, our physical powers. I be-
lieve all will agree that the Senate did all that
it could do before the clock sounded its last
moment. It seems to me, therefore, that
should not be introduced at this moment as
any reason why we should adjourn over or
should not adjourn over. That question is to
be met with reference to existing business.
I should say nothing more on this head but
for the remark that fell from the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony.] I am sorry
that he made that remark, because I think it
will go forth to the country and give an idea
that we are about to adjourn at once, Monday,
if you please, or immediately, leaving the vast
concerns of this Republic which now crave
your attention unattended to. There are in-
terests on which we must act—so I humbly
submit to the Senate—before we go home;
and I hope that the Senator from Rhode Island
will join with us and press action upon those
great interests.
Mr. ANTHONY. The House has voted to
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. He says the House has
voted to adjourn. When?
Mr. ANTHONY. Prom Monday until next
May,
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that resolution lying
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. ?>.
on our table? There ha? been ho action on if
oh out part, and I do not understand there is
any "purpose t6 act u'poh it.
Mr.' ANTHONY. The Senator must admit
there is a reasonable probability of; our acT-
journing pretty soonivheii the House has vp_ted
to adjourn and the resolution is now before us;
at least a reasonable possibility." "
Mr. SUMNER. I aminblined to thinkthat
the House is reconsidering" its" course 'oft that
now, though perhaps the Senator has informa-
tion that' l.have not. '
Mr. ANTHONY. I have understood it is
reconsidering its coarse with a view to extend-
ing the time of adjournment until late in the
fall. ' ' .
Mr. SUMNER. I have not understood it
so. The Senator has information that has not
reached^me. I should regret any adjournment
at this time until we have "acted on the busi-
ness before us. It seems'to me that we must
give protection to our fellow-citizens in the
South before we go home.' But I will riot go
into that,question 'now merely oft a motion to
adjourn over-.1 At some other time perhaps it
will be more proper to consider it. ;
The PRESIDE'NTpro tempwe. The ques-
tion is 'on the motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next; and on this question a division has been
Called. "
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 10, nays 21. '
Mr. RAMSEY. I voted under a mistake.
I am desirous of adjourning over.
Mr. CON.NESS, No matter; it will, not
change the result. " ' ' .
printing of veto of reconstruction bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that by
an error probably, or an oversight, there was
no order made to printthe message of the Presi-
dent of the United States giving his reasons
for not approving the military government bill.
I will ask that an order be made that it be
printed for the use of the Senate. I wish a
copy myself. ■ •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made unless objected to. The Chair
hears no objection.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 1) relative to claims of certain
northern creditors, in whieh it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 31) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled ' An act to incorporate a National Mili-
tary and Naval Asylum for the relief of totally
disabled officers and men of the volunteer forces
of the United States,' " approved March 21,
ii0usb resolution referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) relative
to claims of certain northern creditors was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 8, 1867. _
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. 1
order op business.
The SPEAKER, The first business in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] pending at tlie adjournment yesterday,
to suspend We rules to permit tSe introduction
of a joint resoljittdtt autboli^irig ^r'appH^a- •
tion" of part of Aefqp'dsnow in'.the Treasury
to .the redemption of compound-irttereit notes-
now outstanding.- :
harbor' improvement jn michigan.
Mr. UPSON, iby unanimous consent; intro-
duced joint resolutions' of- the Legislature of
the State of Michigan, asking Congress for, an
appropriation of money to improve the harbor
at the mouth of the Kalamazoo river }i£ that
State; which were ordered, to be referred to
the Committee on Commerce when appointed,
and also ordered to be printed.
election contest—delano "vs. morgan.
Mr. 'DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Committee of Elections, to whom
was referred the memorial of Columbus Delano,
who contests the right of Hon.- George W.
Morgan to a- seat in this House as a Repre-
sentative ffom the thirteenth congressional dis-
trict of Ohio, praying for an extension of time'
for taking testimony, submit a report accom-
panied with a resolution.
The* report and resolution were read, as fol-.
lows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred
the memorial of OolumbJfeDelfi.no, who eontests the
right .of JEIon. George -Morgan to a-seat in this
House; as 'a Reprm-ntativq'fxom. the thirteeilth con-
gressional district of Ohio, praying- for an extension'
of time for taking testimony, submit the fallowing
report: , -
That they have heard the parties, and for the rea-
sons set forth in the memorial, which is herewithsub-
Juittcfi, and for ttue. further rc;usuii that 5hf! sitting
mqmJber.eonsentsthereto, they recommend the adop-
tion Of the following resolution: '' '" " . '
Resolved, That in the matter of the contested elec-
tion in the thirteeth congressional district of Ohio,
the time for taking testimony is hereby extended to
each party for the period of seventy-five days from
and after the passage of this resolution, said testi-
mony to be taken in all other respects in conformity
with existing law.
The resolution was agreed to, and the. report
was ordered to be printed?
election contest stewar| vs. phelps.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom w(5re referred the memorial and ac-
companying papers of Joseph J. Stewart, who
contests the right of Hon. Charles E. Phelps
to a seat in this House, as a" Representative
from the third congressional district of Mary-
land, have instructed me to submit a report,
accompanied with the following resolution :
Resolved, That in the matter of the contested elec-
tion in the third congresional district of Maryland, the
time for taking testimony is hereby extended to each
party for the period of sixty days from and after the
passage of this resolution, said testimony to be taken
m all respects in conformity with existing law, except
that the same may bo taken before a justice of the
peace in said district..
The 'resolution was agreed to, and the re-
port ordered to be printed.
sympathy eor ireland.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House extends its sympathy to
the people of Ireland in their pending struggle for
constitutional liberty. If the despotic Governments
of Europe shall be allowed to establish monarchical
institutions in America, so should the United States
foster and promote the extension of republican insti-
tutions to Europe.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. WOOD. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. A motion is already pend-
ing to suspend the rules, being made at the
adjournment last evening; and there cannot be
two pending at the same time.
Mr. WOOD. Then I give notice that I shall
introduce the resolution hereafter.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the regular
order, being the motion pending at the adjourn-
ment yesterday to suspend the rules to allow
the introduction of a joint resolution for the
application of part of the fund in the Treasury
for the redemption of compound-interest notes.
Mr. PRICE. I presume there is no. objec-
tion to the introduction of this resolution this
