m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
report to this House all information m the War De-
partment, and particularly such as may-be m the
possession of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands, relative to property seized or
taken possession of by the Government or its agents
in theStateofLouisiana; andthat there be.embraced
in said report the kind of property, whether aban-
doned or confiscated, names of the reputed owners,
date of seizure, assessment-, value, amount of profits
received from rents or otherwise, what amount of
such property has been - restored to said reputed
owners, when the same was restored, by whom, and
upon whose orders and also all the papers in thecase
of Duncan E. Kenner and J. W. Zachary.
The resolution, being a call for executive in-
formation, was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
LOWER CALIFORNIA COMPANY.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask leave to submit
the following preamble and'resolution:
Whereas a number of American citizens associated
together under the title of the Lower California Com-
pany have acquired from the republican Government
of Mexico a grant of land and privileges in Lower
California, embracing nearly the whole of said penin-
sula; and whereas said company has recently em-
ployed at great expense a large party of scientific
and competent persons to make a complete survey of*
the interior of the territory so granted: and whereas
such survey, though made by the said company in
their own interest, springs from a large public spirit
and is made likewise in the interest of general civili-
zation, and largely in the interest of the United States;
and whereas we have no reliable information on tho
authority of any public survey that has ever been
obtained by the Government of the United' States,
of the coast and islands of that important conterm-
inous territory: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
&c., That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to detach some suit-
able vessel now in the Pacific for the purpose of
making a conterminous marinesurvey of the coast of
Lower California and adjacent islands, and report the
information so obtained to the Navy Department.
Mr. BOTTTWELL. I object.
surplus gold.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask leave to offer a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell the surplus gold and re-
ceive legal-tenders at par for duties, &c.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. T object.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not propose to have
it considered now, but I desire to have it
printed.
No objection being made, it was ordered to
be printed.
resolutions of wisconsin.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, instructing their Senators and requesting
their Representatives to vote for a measure to
aid in the construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad ; which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
sympathy for ireland.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House extends its sympathy to
the people of Ireland in their pending struggle for
constitutional liberty. If the despotic Governments
of Europe shall be allowed to establish monarchical
institutions in America so should the United States
foster and promoto the extension of republican insti-
tutions to Europe.
Mr. BROOJfALL. I object.
Mr. "WOOD. I move to suspend tho rules to
enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it be in order to
move to rdfer this resolution to a committee.
The SPEAKER. It would not. The motion
is to suspend the rules to enable the resolution
to be considered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 104, nays 14, not voting 42 ; as follows:
5TEA.S—Messrs. Allison, Archer, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Seaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boy er, Cromwell, Brooks, Buck-
land, Burr, Chanler, Churchill, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Dawes, Donnelly, Eck-
ley, Bggleston,Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenncr, Gravely, Haight,
Halsey, Harding. Hayes. Hopkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hun ter, Ingor-
soll, Judd, Julian, Kolsey,Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy,
MoClurg MeCuUough, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Raum, Robertson, Robin-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Spalding, Stew-
art, Stone, Taber, Twitchell, Upson, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, William
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
'"nays—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Blair; Broomall,
Cake, Covode, Cullom, Driggs, Garfield, Laflin,$Toell,
Sheila bargor, Trowbridge,Cadwalader C. Washburn,
and Windom—14^
NOT VOTING—Messrs.- Ames, Anderson, Barnes.
Blaine, Butler, Cook, Cornell, Denison,Dodge, Eliot,
IHnney, Griswold, Hamilton, Hill, Holman, Hooper,
Hulburd. Kelley, Lincoln, Loughridge, Morrell,
Newcomb, Nicholson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Randall, Sehenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stevens;
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas. Van Aernam, Van Wyck,
Henry D. Washburn. Thomas Williams, James E.
Wilson, and John T.Wilson—42.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the,
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
received.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the adoption of the reso-
lution.
Mr. BANKS. I would ask the gentleman
from New York to allow me' to make a motion
to refer tliis resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs when appointed, and I give
him notice that, if he will do so, I will submit
a resolution for the immediate appointment of
that committee as soon as I can obtain-thefloor-
for that purpose.
Mr. WOOD'. I regret that I cannot assent
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. This is a resolution expressive of
a single sentiment, and -I think the House is
in a condition to adopt it now, and I therefore
ask for its adoption.
Mr. BANKS. Let me say a word.
Mr. WOOD. I wish the gentleman would
make his proposition a little more distinctly.
Mr. BANKS. I will send to the Chair to
be read for the information of the House, with
the leave of the gentleman from New York, a
resolution which I propose to offer for adop-
tion when I'get an opportunity.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in view of eventstranspiring on the
northern frontier of the United States, it is expe-
dient that the standing Committee of foreign Affairs
should be now appointed by the Speaker for the pur-
pose of considering the foreign relations of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. WOOD. I cannot see the connection
of that resolution with the one I have offered,
I will vote with a great deal of pleasure for
the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bakes] when it shall be properly
before the House for consideration; but I
desire a vote on my resolution, and therefore
I call the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. The latter part of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] refers expressly to the movements for
a confederation on the northern frontier of the
United States. It is proper that in reference
to that matter the' subject should at least be
considered by a committee. Inasmuch as there
can be no delay upon this question, I trust the
gentleman will allow his resolution to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Or if he insists upon the call for the previous
question, I trust the House will not second it,
but that the resolution will be referred.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to inquire
of the Chair whether this resolution is divis-
ible, so that we may take a vote upon the first
part of it in regard to extending sympathy to
Ireland"?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is divis-
ible. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] has so written his resolution that each
proposition contained in it can be voted upon
separately, and each may stand by itself if the
other is voted down.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I give notice that
if it shall come to a vote upon adopting this
resolution I shall ask for a division of the res-
olution.
Mr. WOOD. I shall not object to that.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 33, nays 86.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] be referred to the Committee on For-"
eign Affairs when appointed.
Mr. WOOD. I would have no objection to
referring the latter clause of my resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs- when
appointed; but I desire to have a direct vote
of the House upon the first proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the whole be referred.
Mr. BANKS. I do not suppose there is a
member in this House who does not feel the
same sympathy with Ireland that the gentleman
from New York does. But inasmuch as he
has coupled that expression of sympathy with
another question affecting all the interests of
this country, I think the whole matter should
be fully considered by a committee; and if my
motion to refer shall be agreed to by the
House, I will then ask tho adoption of a reso-
lution for the immediate appointment of the
Committee of Foreign Affairs. I now call the
previous question on my motion to refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. -
Mr. JDDD. Is it in order now to call for
the regular order?
The SPEAKER. It is not during the opera-
tion of the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to refer.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and there were—ayes twenty-two.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. CHANLER called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Banks
and Wood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes twenty-seven.
So (one-fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 40, not vot-
ing 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Delos R,.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Beaman, Benjamin,
Bingham. Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell,Broom-
all, Buckland, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Julian, Ketcham, Kit-
chen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan. Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum, Robertson, Schenck, Seo-
field, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell. Upson. Burt
Van Horn. Van Wyck. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn. Welker,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, But-
ler, Chanler, Denison, Donnelly. Eldridgc, Fox, Getst,
Glossbrenner, Haight, Harding, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Judd, Kerr, William Lawrence, Logan, Marshall,
MeCullough, Morgan Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Ward, Stephen J?. Wilson, and Wood—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Barnes,
Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill, Holman, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Kellev, Kelsey, Loughridge,
Newcomb, Pike, Pile, Prioe, Randall, Sawyer, Selye,
Sitgreaves, Taylor, Van Aernam, and Thomas Wil-
liams—23.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask leave to introduce
a resolution, the purport of which I have al-
ready indicated.
Mr. STEVENS. ' I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to yield to me for
a moment that I may offer a resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I will do so.
message fkoji the sejtate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr.- McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled ' An act to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporatea National Military and
Naval Asylum for the relief of the totally dis
abled officers and men of the volunteer forces
