1867.
TSE OOM0BEBSIOTiX GLOBE.
of thfe United States,' " approved March 21,
1866, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had appointed Messrs. Fessentobk, Sherman,
and Buckalew the members on its part of the
joint select .Committee to Revise and Equalize
the Pay of the Employes of both> Houses of
Congress. . .
The message further announced that .the
Senate had appointed Messrs.-Edmunds, Wil-
liams, and Buckalew the members on its part
of the, joint select Committee on Retrenchment.
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to introduce a
concurrent resolution for the purpose of con-
tinuing the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and others objected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rules to permit the introduction of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. NICHOLSON. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 87, nays 50, not voting 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames* Anderson, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwcll, Bromwell, Brooma.ll, Buckland, Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb,Coburn,Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom.Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, J ulian, Kitchen,
Koontz. William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, McCarthy, Mercur, Miller,' Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Plants, ' Poland, Polsley, Price, Sawyer,
Schenck, Seofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Taffe, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, "Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Barnes, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Dawes, Denison, Eld-
ridge, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Haight,
Harding, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Marshall. Marvin. McCullough.Mor-
fan, Morrissey, Mungen,'Niblack. Nicholson, Noell,
helps. Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Kaum, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart, Taber,
Bobert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, and Wood—50.
NOT V OTIN G—Messrs. J ames M. Ashley, Chanler,
Eggleston, Finney, Hayes, Hill, Holman, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Kelley, Kelsey, McClurg, Newcomb, Pike,
Randall, Selye, Stevens, Stone, Taylor, Thomas,
Twitchell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, and Henry D.
Washburn—23.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BANKS resumed the floor.
national military and naval asylum.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a few mo-
ments. There has just come over from the
Senate a bill requiring immediate action.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield if it will not con-
sume much time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to make a brief explanation in reference to
this bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Ohio making a brief expla-
nation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker,thebiU which
I desire the House to consider at this time is
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to incorporate a
National Military and Naval Asylum for the re-
lief of the totally disabled officers and men of the
volunteer forces of the United States, approved
March 21, 1866.' " In the present organization
of this national asylum, the board of managers
consists of twelve persons, the President of the
United States, the Chief Justice of the United
States, and the Secretary of War being mem-
bers ex officio of this board. The nine others
are divided into three classes, one third being
elected every three years by the Senate and
House of Representatives. Seven members of
the board are required to constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business. Now, there is
in the law a provision that no member ot Con-
gress shall be eligible to election as a member
of this board. This was found inconvenient in
practice; and in consequence of the president
of the -board, General Btoleb, having been
electeda member of Congress, the House, some
three or four weeks ago, passed a bill removing
this disqualification! of members of Congress.
The Senate at that time refused, to pass the
bill, which metwithno opposition in this House.
But now the Senate-has sesnt to the House a
similar bill taking away that disqualifi eatio n of
members of Congress. . -The occasion of it-is
one of great emergency. The board are-now
assembled here in Washington, pursuant to
notice. Many members of it are present for
the purpose of holding their regular meetings
and .transacting business of * great importance.
The President of the United States cannot be
expected to attend. The Chief Justice and
Secretary of War are in-attendance at some
inconvenience. There are four other members
of the board. A quorum cannot be obtained
as long as GeneralBcTLER, who is a memberof
the board, is disqualified. The consequence is,
no business can be done, and the board is
brought to a dead lock. The Senate has passed
this bill to remedy the difficulty by removing
this disqualification.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire if the gentle-
man does not think we can procure competent
men outside of Congress for the duties ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Beyond all question. But
the difficulty is the boarjl is brought to a stand-
still, and I suppose it is not in any proper
sense a disqualification to be a member of Con-
gress. I think my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] would be a most excellent member of
this board, notwithstanding his occupying, a,
seat here. It is provided in the law—and that
is not interfered with by this bill—that no two
members shall be from the same State. Three
members are elected every three years, and
the term of service is nine years.
Without detaining the House any longer I
ask that the bill may be now put on its passage,
because without this action of Congress the
board cannot get along with their business,
being only able to get six members together,
whereas it takes seven to constitute a quorum.
The SPEAKER. -The Clerk will report the
bill for information, afterwhich the Chair will
ask for objections, if any.
The bill was read. It simply amends the
act of March 21, 1866, by striking out the
words "not members of Congress."
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on foreign affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the House will now
act on the resolution which I have sent to the
Chair.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That in view of events transpiring on the
northern frontier of the United States, it is expedi-
ent that the standing Committee on Foreign Affairs
should be now appointed by the Speaker, for tliopur-
pose of considering the foreign relations of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. BANKS. The reason I assign for offer-
ing this resolution at the present time is the
fact that during the month of February a bill
passed to a second reading in the House of
Lords providing for a confederation' of the
British Provinces, and contemplating the foun-
dation of a State or an empire that may here-
after surpass in power that of England, and
equal that of the United States, or, as was said
by its mover u be second only to that of Rus-
sia."
The Legislature of Maine, most interested in
this movement, has, through its Committee on
Federal Relations, made a report adversely to
this project and presented resolutions on the
subject, which 1 shall ask the Clerk to road.
The stage through which the bill justr alluded
to has .passed in thoHouse of Lords is the moist
important of any parliamentary .stage th&tjit
Ms to -encounter, .inasmuch, as all its funda-
mental principles are .under consideration, jl
cannot ,doubt that the peo.ple' of this country
will look withintense,so;licitud.e upon, the ^prog-
ress of this movement on the part of the
British Provinces contemplating as it dogs the'
establishment of an empire founded, upon mo-
narchical principles so near to us.as to influence
public opinion, and which cannot but h ve_in
the future.a material if not a controlling in-
fluence over the affairs of the American Gov-
ernment.
I send to the Chair the concluding paragraph
of the report and resolutions submitted to the
Legislature of Maine.
The Clerk read as follows:
" We would do nothing to accelerate the progress
of political opinion throughout British North .Amer-
ica. Republican institutions should never be as-
sumed by any people until the whole population
has been inured to habits of self-government and
thoroughly imbued with the principle of implicit
obedience to law, whenever that law is the declared
will of a majority. Hence we discard all thoughts of
the annexation of the North American Provinces to
this Republic, and cheerfully await the matured
wishes of our neighbors. If the advantages, com-
mercial and social, which shall follow their union
with the Republic are less in their estimation than
the corresponding burdens of greatly increased lux-
ation and the instability, of Administrations, they
must enjoy without interference on our part that
form of government most congenial to the tastes,
habits, and interests of their people, in tho assurance
that nothing but friendly relations can grow out of
the existing state of things. They can never be in-
volved in a war with us unless it is forced upon them
by the circumstances of their political condition.
"In view of these facts the committee repprt the
following resolutions:
"Btsaolved, That any attempt on the part of .the.
Imperial Government of Great Britain to establish
monarchical government in North America, or to
place a vice royalty by act of Parliament over her
several North American Provinces, would be an im-
plied infraction of those principles of government
which this nation has assumed to maintain upon this
continent.   
"Resolved, Thatthe people of Maine: deeply .inter-
ested in the preservation of peace and of friendly
relations with the people of British North America*
respectfully appeal to the United States Governm.out
to interpose its legitimate influence in friendly and
earnest remonstrance with the British Government
against establishing any system of government m
In orth America the influence of which would en-
danger the friendly relations of the people of the
British Provinces with the people of the United
StfttGS.
' Resolved, Thatthe Sovernorberequested to trans-
mit copies of the foregoing report and resolves to the
President of tho United States and to oaeh House of
Congress."
to the
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to i 
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
that this seems to me to be rather an inop-
portune time for us to be protesting against the
establishment of an empire upon this conti-
nent after we have just placed under military
rule and under despotism ten of our own States.
It seems to me, sir, that our remonstrance
would have much more force and effect if we
should wait to make it until the Republic is
restored and until the States are relieved from
the despotic rule which the last Congress im-
posed upon them.
I think, sir, that it would have more moral
power and influence if we wait for the time
when these States can be relieved from the
operation of the despotic rule which we have
established over them.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to say that the
object of the motion of the gentleman- from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] for which the
gentleman from Wisconsin voted, was to ac-
complish the purposes which he now desires,
and that is the early restoration of the States
of the Union to their full privileges, so far as
consistent with the safety of the Government.
But, sir, it is not intended to present p,t this
time any protest against the confederation of
the British Provinces. The resolutions which
I have had read from the State of Maine were
read merely for information. All I ask is that
a committee shall be appointed to which any
instructions in reference to this matter may be
given by the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman, as the former chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, whether the -only
