38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
action which is at all possible to be contem-
plated, if this committee is appointed, will' not
be merely a protest. Does the gentleman con-
template as within the realms ofpossibility that
this Congress at this session can do anything
more than that, even if as much?
Mr. BANKS. I do not contemplate any
positive action; all I ask is the appointment
of the committee, so that there may be some
agency through which the House can act upon
this question.
Mr. BLAINE. It must be apparent to the
members of this House that there is no greater
exigency for the appointment of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs than there is for the appoint-
ment of any other committee, and it seems to
.me that if the House votes now to appoint the
Committee on Foreign Affairs we might just
as well adopt a resolution to appoint all the
standing committees. I am not aware that the
gentleman contemplates any such decisive ac-
tion as would engage the attention of a stand-
ing committee of the House. This matter
certainly cannot go beyond a mere protest, and
if we are to appoint this committee it seems to
me we might as well appoint all the standing
committees of the House.
The resolutions of the State of Maine which
have been read, and to which the attention of
the House lias been called, do not contem
plate any positive action. They contemplate
merely a respectful protest, and I see no reason
why we should appoint this committee now,
and I hope the motion of the gentleman will
not prevail.
Mr. BANKS. It is not impossible that
within a few weeks Congress may adjourn
until October or even until November. This
question of confederation affects not alone the
interests of the B ritisli Provinces, but ours also,
and it is certainly proper that its effect upon
the interests of this country should be con-
sidered, or at least that we should have an
organized committee that shall have power
to consider its bearing upon our interests,
whether it be for the purpose of making a pro-
test or for more decided action. It is neces-
sary that we should ascertain the full effect of
this measure when consummated and that it
should be understood- I ask the previous
question.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move to amend his resolution so
as to provide for the appointment of all the
committees.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof Mr. Baxks's resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion' was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R.No. 1) presenting the
thanks of Congress to George Peabody ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) for the
relief of the freedmen or destitute colored peo-
ple of the District of Columbia.
duties on hawaiian vessels.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to authorise the re-
funding of discriminating duties exacted upon
merchandise imported into the Hawaiian Isl-
ands ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit or refund all duties which have been
assessed since the 1st day of January, 1865, on
Hawaiian vessels and their cargoes, beyond
the amount which would have been payable on
Teasels of the United States and their cargoes.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tho third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] will
give the House some explanation of this joint
resolution, and the necessity for its passage at
this time.
Mr. ELIOT. In 1824 Congress passed a law
authorizing the President of the United States,
by proclamation, to permit the vessels of any
foreign country to enter into the ports of this
country with their cargoes without the payment
of any duties, whenever that foreign country
made the same provision in regard to vessels
and cargoes from the United States.
In 1828 Congress passed a law additional
to that of 1824, and enlarging somewhat its
provisions. ' The Hawaiian Government has
never discriminated at all against the vessels
of the United States. But no official notice
of that fact was given to the Government of
the United States until December, 1866; at
which time, by a proclamation of the Presi- i
dent, the laws which had been passed thereto-
fore were extended to cover the vessels and
cargoes from the Hawaiian Islands.
But there have been two or three cases where
duties have been assessed and exacted upon
Hawaiian vessels, because of the fact that the
Department had not official knowledge of the
exemption of American vessels and cargoes by
the Hawaiian Government. Application is
now made for the remission of those duties in
accordance with the previous law. I am in-
formed that there have been but two or three
such cases; and the whole extent of this joint
resolution is to permit the duties exacted in
those cases to be refunded. The amount in
one case is about five thousand dollars; in
another case it is about two thousand four
hundred ; at least such is the information given
to me by the Department.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
revision of tiie tariff.
Mr. JUDD. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
call of States for resolutions, beginning with
the State of Pennsylvania, where the call last
rested. The pending question is upon a reso-
lution submitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] upon which he has
called for the previous question. The Clerk
will read the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the tariff bill, being House bill No.
718 of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, together with the
pending amendments, be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means when appointed.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the call for the previous question should not
be seconded, and any member rises to debate
the resolution, it will go over under the rules.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moor-
head] if it is his intention to follow up this
resolution with another requiring the imme-
diate appointment of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is not. I would
say 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to debate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
weuld withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion and allow me to offer an amendment to
his resolution ?
Mr. I^ARNSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that the House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moorhead] is entitled to the
floor unless he surrenders it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Could not the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield to allow me to
introduce a bill for consideration at the present
time?
The SPEAKER. If no gentleman objects.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I object.
Mr. CHANLKR. I would inquire of the
Chair if there is any necessity for action upon
the bill to which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Moorhead] refers in his resolution,
now that we have passed a bill in relation to
the tariff on wool ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question for
thfe Chair to answer.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I insist upon my call
for the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH._ I now make the
motion that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the ques-
tion on the motion to adjourn, the Chair asks
consent to lay before the House some execu-
tive communications and other documents.
There was no objection.
election contest bircii vs. van horn.
The SPEAKER laid before the House pa-
pers in the contested-election case of Birch vs.
Van Horn, from tho sixth district of Mis-
souri ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
appropriations for shawnee indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting estimates of appropria-
tion for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
Shawnees; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
customs revenue law.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the draft of a general
customs revenue law, prepared in compliance
with the resolution of June 26, 1866 ; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Farnsworth that the House adjourn, there
were—yeas 70, noes 22.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at two o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) adjourned till Monday next.
petition.
The following petition was proscntcd under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of John Gra-
ham and50 others, citizens of the United States, pray-
ing for a charter to build a railroad from the city of
Washington to Cincinnati. Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 9, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, of Michigan,
appeared in his seat to-day.
academy of sciences.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the report of the proceedings of the
National Academy of Sciences during the vear
1866.
Mr. WILSON presented the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there bo printed of the report of the
National Academy of Sciences for 1866, in addition to
the usual number, one thousand extra copies for tho
use of the Acadcaiy.
alexandria election.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have been requested
to present a petition of officers and citizens of
Alexandria who were here yesterday, asking
that action may not be taken on the joint reso-
lution declaring the municipal offices vacant
until they can be heard in opposition to it. I
believe they design presenting a more extended
petition which will be ready on Monday. I
