1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<80
believe the resolution referred to is now on the
table. I ask, therefore, that this petition be
read and laid upon the table.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Smote and Bouse of Representatives in Congress
assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of Alexandria, Virginia,
bog leave to present as their request, on behalf of the
people ol their city, that your honorable bodies will
delay action upon the joint resolution concerning tho
election heldinthesaid city on March5,1867, untilyour
petitioners and tho citizens of Alexandria-generally
oanJni 0 fnown to your honorable bodies by ex-
tended petitions and other apt means, as shall to
your honorable bodies seem incet, that the consti-
tuted authorities of Alexandria did not desire or pre-
sumoto tleiy the laws oi'tbe United States, or mali-
ciously ana intentionally deprive any portion of our
population of anyright or franchise which they might
possess under the laws of the land, and that if errors
were committed they were unintentional and the
result oi improper construction rather than malicious
purpose. We ask your honorable bodies to take the
willingness of our people to correct any errors which
may hare been committed as the evidence of their
purpose and desire to conform to the laws which are
passed for their government.
HUGH LATHAM, Mayor;
GEORGE BRYAN,
President Board of Aldermen;
JOHN B. SMOOT,
President Common Council ;
GEOKGET. WHITTINGTON,
JOHN J. JAMIESOJST,
GILBERT S, MINER,
<J. It. JBLACKLOCK,
ALBERT STUART,
D. L. SMOOT.
Mr. WILSON. Before the petition goes
upon the table, I desire to say a word. When
the intelligence arrived here that the eity au-
thorities of Alexandria had refused to comply
with the law of the country, and had refused to
receive the votes of the colored portion of the
citizegs, I submitted the joint resolution to
which this petition refers. Yesterday a com-
mittee from Alexandria, headed by the mayor
and other persons of character and influence
there, called on me here in the Senate and
stated that they had no idea or intention of
setting aside the laws of the United States or
of disobeying those laws. The military govern-
ment law had not been officially published; the
appointment of a commanding general for the
district, under that law, had not been made;
and they did not think that law applied to
their recent election; but they said that at any
future election they would receive those votes
and treat them the same as any others; they
would certainly do so at the May election,
when it shall come off. Their action at the
last election they said was not with any inten-
tion of disobeying the law. After this expla-
nation I did not call up the joint resolution, as
I had intended to do.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I was called out
yesterday, and had about five minutes conver-
sation with these gentlemen, with only one or
two of whom had I any previous personal
acquaintance, and their remarks to me were
similar to those stated by the Senator from
Massachusetts as having been made to him. I
saw in the papers last evening that they had
called on the Attorney General of the United
States as to the course they should pursue, and
that officer had declined to give an opinion in
the short time allowed, but had incidentally
expressed tie opinion that they would not be
under the military bill until military possession
was taken of the State. They said they were
entirely willing the election should be set aside,
and another one held in conformity to the
principles of the military bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have been brought per-
haps more directly In communication with
these gentlemen than either of the honorable
members who hare spoken. Their statement
to me Was that they had consulted all the pro-
fessional gentlemen of Alexandria upon the
question as to the right of the blacks to vote,
and they had all given an opinion that they had
no such right; there was no law to authorize their
voting at that time. Not being satisfied with
that they came to Washington and applied to
the Attorney General to give an opinion, and
he stated that his engagements were suet that
it was impossible for him then to examine the
question. The exclusion of the blacks irom
voting was therefore, on their part, because
they were advised by persons in whom they had
every right to confide that they were not en-
titled to vote at that election. They expressed
to me, as they did to both the Senators who
Have spoken, their fixed determination to carry
out to the very letter the legislation which
Congress had adopted on the subject.
The petition was ordered to lie on the
table.
papeks withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and pipers in thecases
of Parker Quince, George Ashley, and Anna M. Ro-
baldo, be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That John Kirkwood have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to tho claim of
Norman Wiard be taken from the files and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
"On motion of Mr. GONNESS, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to commercial
reciprocity between the United States and the Sand-
wich Islands be taken from the files and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That "Walter 3?. Halleek have leave to
withdraw bis petition and papers.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred a memorial of officers of the twenty-first
regiment New York cavalry, a joint resolution
(S. B. No. 4) for the relief of Daniel Ellis, and
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) in favor of
A. W. Walker, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Claims, which
was agreed to.
indian commissioners.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. I) making appro-
priations for the expenses of commissioners
sent by the President to the Indian country, to
report it back and recommend its passage. I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate $20,000 to pay the ex-
penses of commissioners sent by the president
to the Indian country.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 2) to authorize the re-
funding of discriminating duties upon merchan-
dise imported in Hawaiian vessels, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
destitution is the south.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a communi-
cation from the War Department, transmitting
one from the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau respecting the want, and danger of
starvation, in several of the southern States,
have instructed me to report a joint resolution,
and I ask for its present consideration. It
ought to be voted on promptly, if at all.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) for the
relief of the destitute in the southern and south-
western States; was read twice by unanimous
consent, aud considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to empower and direct
the Secretary of War to issue supplies of food
sufficient to prevent starvation and extreme
want among all classes of the people in those
southern and southwestern States where a fail-
ure of the crops and other causes have occa-
sioned wide-spread destitution ; the issues are
to be made through the Freedmen's Bureau
under such regulations as the Secretary of War
shall prescribe. One million dollars is appro-
priated for the purpose, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I send to the desk the
letter of General Howard, and I ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Wak Department, Bckeau or
Refugees, Feebdxen, and Abandoned Lands,
Washinoton, March 8,1807.
Sib : In answer to the resolution of the Senate of
the Dnited States I have the honor to report as fol-
lows:
From official sources, and confirmed by gentlemen
from different sections of the South, my estimate is
thirty-two thousand six hundred and sixty-two
whites, and twenty-four thousand two hundred and
thirty-eight colored people, making in all fifty-six
thousand nine hundred who will need food from
some source before the next crop can relieve them.
The number of rations for all per month, one million
seven hundred and seven thousand. For five months,
the probable timerequired, eight million five hundred
and thirty-five thousand rations, attwenty-five cents
per ration, the estimated cost, will be $2,133,750. Of
this sum an appropriation'has already been made for
the five months to the amount of$625,000, leaving an
additional sum required of $1,508,750. This sum I
deem sufficient to meet the extreme want occasioned
by failure of the crop, and other causes referred to
in the resolution of inquiry. The present appropria-
tion is ample, provided the issues be confined to tbo
classes named in the Freedmen's Bureau aet; but the
additional sum named will be required should the
issue be extended as contemplated in the foregoing
estimate.
The following table affords the detail of the esti-
mate for the several States where want is reported
to exist.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. 0. HOWARD,
MaS. Gen., Commissioner Bureau of Refugees, &c.
Hon. B. F. Wade, President of the Senate.
P. S. Since my report was drawn up X received a
joint estimate from the assistant commissioner and
Governor of Georgia greatly exceeding the amount
in the table. I am, however, unwilling to recom-
mend a larger appropriation for Georgia before
another estimate shall be made based on a thorough
inspection. g
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. O. HOWARD,
Major General, Commissioner.
a©
8 O
• e.SgSP: : Sgf
; ; ; •—; ; j ; © o ;
i : : 1 : B'S":
p P :
cnco
020ooVoCJJ CfQOW
Soo>5qoqpqo
CC09000000
_ coi-
O'C'-IOOCJ'O'
bs 05 to oo to at -r
8S88S88 oSS
oooiCiCKtoa
bs
ffg
Mr. TRUMBULL. As one of the members
of the Judiciary Committee from whom this
joint resolution comes, I was very reluctant
indeed to agree to recommend any appropria-
tion of this kind, lest it should discourage
efforts on the part of worthless persons to make
a support and living for themselves. While I
was quite willing, and I am sure every member
of the Senate would be willing, to vote money
out of the Treasury of the United States to
save from actual suffering and starvation any
portion of our population, whether they may
have been loyal or disloyal, I was unwilling to
give any sort of encouragement to persons in
the rebel States, or to hold out any sort of hope
