40
THE ^MG-RESSIQNAL CxLOBE.
March 9,
to them that the Government of the United
States would supply their wants when'they had
within themselves the means, of obtaining a
livelihood. But General Howard came before
the committee this morning and bore testimony
to the fact that from the sources of information
which he had. through the agents in the employ
of the Freedmen's ;Bureau, there would be
actual starvation jn many portions of the South
among the disloyal, or those who had been
disloyal, unless relief was afforded.- He stated
that the appropriations already made were
sufficient to save from- starvation the loyal
refugees'and freedinen; and under the law he
is limited in affording relief to that class of
persons. None of us would be willing to see
even the' disloyal and those who have sought
to destroy the Government, now that the war
is over, suffer and perish for the want of the
necessaries of life; and on the testimony of
General Howard that such would bo the case
unless something was done, and having great
confidence in the judgment and discretion of
that officer, and that he would not improperly
make distribution under tl\e'provisions of this
resolution, the committee'came to the conclu-
sion to recommend to the Senate the appro-
priation of $1,000,000 for this purpose.
It will be observed that General Howard
estimated the amount at $1,508,750;. but as
the summer season is coming on, when the
class of persons now so destitute and suffering
will be able to do something to support them-
selves, the committee have struck down the
amount to $1,000,000, and they report the reso-
lution in the form that it has been read to the
Senate, and recommend its passage.
I shall be glad if this appropriation of money,
should it be made by the Congress of the Uni-
ted Slates, shall have a tendency to overcome
any of that disloyal feelmg which still lingers
in the South ; and I trust that, in addition to
the relief which it shall afford to the starving
and the destitute, it will carry, if passed by the
Congress of the United States, to the people
of the southern States the assurance that the
Government is disposed to deal kindly and
beneficently with them, and that there is no
disposition on the part of the Government to
deal cruelly or harshly; and we may in that
way, in bringing about a good state of feeling,
and by the exhibition of this generosity on
the part of the Federal Government, even to
those who are its enemies, receive a full re-
turn for the amount of money which shall be
voted, in addition to the relief which it will
afford to those who are actually suffering for
the want of the necessaries of life.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that no
one who has given this subject careful consid-
eration will doubt the fact that General Howard
is correct, that wide-spread destitution exists
in large portions of the southern country in
consequence of the ravages of the war and the
subsequent failure of the crops, and that there
must be extreme suffering. Although this
relief goes to the families of those who have
been disloyal, the women and children per-
haps are not guilty parties, and we believe
that the people of this country are unwilling
even to see the disloyal die of starvation, and
consequently the committee have reported this
resolution. It does not appropriate as much
as General Howard asked for; but we believe
that by his economical management and dis-
crimination he will be able to relieve the larger
portion of the suffering, the more extreme
cases, and accomplish great good. I hope
the resolution will pass.
Mr. POMEROY. I have had, and I suppose
every Senator has had his attention called to
the condition of some portions of the southern
States. I know that individuals have exerted
themselves to a considerable extent to relieve
the want and suffering which exist there; but
I believe that voluntary and individual effort
will be entirely inadequate. I know societies
have been formed, and men are contributing
liberally in many of our cities to aid in reliev-
ing this destitution. I should be glad if that
were sufficient; but the suffering is so wide-
spread, it.extends so deep and'sc? far, that I think
some action isrequired on the part of the.Gov-
ernment. I dq not'tfyink we can look upon the
'sufferings of our fellow-citizens, no matter what
may llave been their errors in the past, with
indifference, much less with neglect. I do no.t
.believe we can allow starvation a&a punishment
for anything. I shall vote for this resolution
in a spirit of kindness and charity, hoping that
the people whom it is to benefit will remember
and feel that they have not enemies, but friends,
-not only in the national Congress, but in the
North and throughoutthe country,
Mr. SPRAGUE. General Howard's, esti-
mate is §1,500-,000. The committee recom-
mend $1,000,000. It seems to me that (he rec-
ommendation of the General should be con-
sidered. He thinks $1,500,000 is the lowest
amount that will relieve the suffering and des-
titution there. I should be glad to vote to
add $500,000 to the amount recommended by
the committee. I know of no officer or man
in this country in whose hands I would so
freely place any amount that the Government
can give. I do not know* of any man who
would distribute these charities better than
General Howard, and I do not think there
will be any mistake on our part if we should
amend the resolution so as to comply with his
suggestion. I therefore propose to amend the
joint resolution by increasing the appropria-
tion to $1,500,000, and I trust the Senate will
agree to the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I for
one am disposed to favor this amendment of
the Senator from llhode Island. I not only
have received many letters bearing on this sub-
ject, but just before the commencement of the
last session of Congress I spent a month or
more in traveling through the States of the
South, and from information derived from per-
sons from all the States of the South I came
into possession of facts which satisfied me that
it would be utterly impossible for the people'of
some portions of those States to go through
until the next crop should be raised without
actual starvation, such as has never existed on
this continent. At the very best, throughout
the whole of the southern States there was not
to exceed one fourth of a crop of corn and
breadstuffs, not over a fourth of a crop of cot-
ton, and in Louisiana very little sugar was
raised. The State of Texas has, perhaps, a
third of a full crop of corn and a half crop of
cotton, and. is well enough, rich enough, per-
haps the richest of the States of the South at
the present time; for during the war the com-
munication across the State of Texas in the
transportation of cotton into Mexico, where it
was taken by the French, in payment for which
they gave gold and silver, was so great that even
at the present time in the State of'Texas the
currency of the people is gold and silver, as it
is in California, Nevada, and the mining States.
But when you get into the States cast of that,
into Alabama, into Georgia, into North and
South Carolina, the failure of the crops, the
breaking up of society, the change of the sys-
tem of labor have'led to the presentation of
such a spectacle as appeals' to the good sense
and the charity and the magnanimity of the
whole American people. I am, therefore, per-
fectly willing to join with the Senator from
Rhode Island and give this amount into the
hands of General Howard to meet these cases
of destitution. As a matter of course, General
Howard and the officers under him will render
an account as to the mode of expenditure.
Mr. .TOHNSON. Being a member of the
committee which reported this resolution, and
having agreed in committee to reduce- the ap-
propriation asked for by General Howard from
$1,500,000 to $1,000,000, I should not have
offered an amendment to enlarge the amount
suggested by the committee ; but the General
himself, although he may be able to accom-
plish the object of such an appropriation with
$1,000,000, is by no means certain that such
will be the case. He thinks that there may be
eases of starvation, and, in common with all
who have hearts within their bosoms, he is
exceedingly anxious himself personally, and
above all for the^ reputation of the country,
that such a condition of things as the star-
vation of our own people should not even be
put to hazard. Without having been South
since t,he rebellion further, than Virginia, I
have, owing to the factof my being a citizen of a
southern State, had perhaps more intercourse,
both personally and by correspondence, with
persons in those States than some Senators who
come from other States; and I think I am
warranted in saying that it is the received
opinion of the men of that section in whom all
confidence is to be placed that starvation to a
considerable extent is inevitable unless Coh-
gress extends a helping band to avoid it. The
march pf ouraimies—I find no fault with the
generals in command, for all things must neces-
sarily have .yielded to the exigencies in which
they were placed, to the duty in which'they
were engaged of putting down the rebellion—
the march of our armies through the South left
large portions of that territory in a state of
ntter desolation, and the men who constituted
the army of the confederacy were reduced to>
almost starvation before the surrender, having
been fed for months upon what no northern
man would consider to be food at all; and
they returned, therefore, to their homes in a
great measure physically unable to work, and
they all returned, even those who were phys-
ically able to work, finding their homes in such
a condition that it was impossible for them to
provide for the wants of themselves and their
families.
It is true, Mr. President, that during the war
I shared in the feeling which animated wll the1
loyal States, that at all hazards the Union was
to be restored by the suppression of the rebel-
lion ; but that having been accomplished, I
am satisfied I but participate in the feelings
which animate all the Senators from the loyal
States when I say that, without regard to their
past errors or their past crimes, we are boun3
to provide for them, not only as fellow-citizens,
but as fellow-men, to guard above all against
that worst of all deaths, starvation. I have
been told by some of our own generals, par-
ticularly those whose duty has been in the State-
of Alabama, that they have seen lying upors
the roadside men, women, and children in a
state of starvation, dying for want of food.
It is difb also, Mr. President, to the citizens-
of the South who were not entirely deprived
of their property by the war to say that they
have exerted themselves to the utmost, have
offered to pledge whatever property they had
left, for the purpose of raising means with
which to feed their starving fellow-citizens;
but they have done all that they can accom-
plish, and the South now is in a state of -des-
titution fully equal to that whieh led to the
starvation of the Irish, which the people of
the United States did all they could to arrest.
I should therefore be exceedingly glad to have
the appropriation increased to the amount
asked for by the officer in whose hands it is to
be placed; and I am sure I speak the senti-
ment of the entire country, North and South,
when I say that there was not during the war
an officer who more zealously and gallantly
performed his duty upon the field, or who has
since discharged with greater skill and fidelity
the trust confided to him by Congress; and he
tells us, what we must have known -before, that
no matter how large tjie appropriation, not a
dollar of it will be expended unless he finds it
absolutely necessary in order to save American
citizens from death by starvation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The committee
who had this resolution in charge, after careful
consideration and after having an interview
with the Commissioner, General Howard, came
to the conclusion that the best sum now to
appropriate was $1,000,000. The object of
this resolution is, according to its terms, to
prevent starvation, to prevent real want; and
I think General Howard agreed with the com-
mittee that the sum named, $1,000,000, would
be sufficient for that purpose.
This measure, while I am on my feet, I will
