42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
lion there, for this purpose and for that, is a
habit that must be arrested. The Government
of the United States has become accustomed
to dealing with large sums of money during
the war, and a million seems to be a very
small sum ; but I ain sufe there is nothing so
important to the Government and to the great
Union party as rigid retrenchment in expend-
itures. I am willing to vote this $1,000,000
if there be evidence that it is needed to pre-
vent starvation 5 but if there be no sufficient
proof on that subject, I am not willing to vote
the money, because, as I have before remarked,
whenever a charity is voted, there is no fail-
ure in its^ expenditure; persons will always
be found who are able to bring themselves
within the scope of it and receive the benefit
of it. I think there ought to be satisfac-
tory evidence before this Senate before this
$1,000,000 is voted.
Mr. STEWART. I think the evidence upon
that point is very conclusive. General Howard,
in the administration of the affairs of the
Freed men'g Bureau, has had unusual oppor-
tunities for ascertaining these facts in detail.
He has reports from every district. He is in
constant communication with them. If any
officer of the Government upon whom a diffi-
cult task has been imposed has discharged his
duty faithfully and discriminatingly itis General
Howard. When the Freedmen's Bureau was
established I had fearful apprehensions of the
execution of it in detail. I feared it would
become an establishment notunlike the Indian
Bureau, which is the great pool into which we
throw all our surplus money, and where it is
sunk, against which I have been protesting
ever since I have been in Congress. I feared
that this might be a similar institution, and
that there would not be proper discrimina-
tions, and consequently I have watched with
a great deal of vigilance the operations of this
bureau. I have inquired of persons from that
country who were hostile to the establishment
as to its practical operations, as to who re-
ceived the charities, who received the benefits
of the bureau, and the uniform testimony, so
far as I'have been able to ascertain it, has
been that it has been dealt out with great dis-
crimination.
The facts of this case are stated in brief in
this report of General Howard, which is before
us; and I think if any gentleman will consult
with him and with others connected with this
establishment who understand the exact facts,
he will have no doubt of the existence of this
extreme suffering for the want of food on ac-
count of the failure of the crops.
Mr. HOWARD. As the honorable Senator
from Nevada is upon that particular feature of
the case, let me ask him does General Howard
officially state in his report that any ease of
starvation has taken place in the insurrection-
ary States? Does he designate one single
instance in which a person capable of taking
care of himself, or herself, has perished by star-
vation in consequence of the shortness of the
crop or any other particular cause growing out
of the war'! We are asked here to appropriate
$1,000,000 to prevent starvation. If there be
such a state of things existing as requires this
charity at our hands we want the proof, at
least I do, and we have a reasonable ground
for demanding it. If there have been 110 cases
of starvation, and if it be not true that star-
vation is imminent at the present time, then
there is no occasion'for the appropriation.
Mr. STEWART. ' That is very true.
Mr. HOWARD. What I want is the proof.
Mr. STEWART. No Senator would desire
the appropriation if this state of destitution did
not exist. We did not call on General Howard
for an enumeration of those who had died of
starvation for individual cases. We do not
expect that this appropriation will aid those who
are already dead from starvation. That many
people have died from starvation during this
war and since the war in the South there can
be very little doubt. The inquiry which the
committee have been pursuing is to ascertain
whether there was such a want of food in this
region, and such difficulty in supplying that
food that the people must necessarily suffer.
In answer to that we get a reply from General
Howard that there is; and in conversation he
explains it, and other gentlemen explain it
thus: there are sections of that country over
which our armies marched and where they
swept everything away. Last year there was a
great effort made, and the charity of the North
was appealed to to supply these people with
seed and means to raise a crop ; in some sec-
tions of the South they did raise a crop of corn
and other necessaries; in other sections they
devoted themselves almost exclusively to cot-
ton, and the cotton failed and very little corn
or food was raised. In other places where they
attempted to raise corn, as in a large portion
of Georgia, some portion of South Carolina and
northern Alabama there was a drought at such
a time as cut off the crop. That is the report
of parties stationed there. General Howard
denies that it is in consequence of any lack of
energy on the part of the people, for he says in
those sections the whites and black3 ^ilike
worked ; they did the best they could; they
planted their crops, and they have failed.
Last year the northern people subscribed
very liberally for the relief of the suffering in
these sections of the country; and the people
living there having auy property have con-
tributed, and my information is that they have
contributed of their means as fir as it was
possible for them to do so. We inquired of
General Howard particularly with regard to
the disposition of the people who had property
in that country, whether they could supply the
relief necessary for this suffering, and the reply
was that they had done all in their power, and
unless there should be some aid for those par-
ticular sections until they could have an oppor-
tunity to raise another crop the people could
not be fed, and there must be extreme suf-
fering. We put the question to General How-
ard, if there must be starvation, and ho said in
his opinion it could not be avoided; that there
would be starvation and extreme suffering in
those sections of the country unless they could
have some relief from the Government.
This destitution has continued for so long a
period that those who have been engaged in
the philanthropic work of supplying the people
there haveexhausted their means; and it seems
to me that the Government could not do a
better thing, a more just thing, or one that
would meet the approbation of the American
people more than to vote this appropriation.
Although they have been heavily taxed, al-
though our appropriations have been large,
although sometimes they may have been ex-
travagant, still I believe the people of the
United States are unwilling, upon a fair case,
when the facts are reasonably ascertained, to
allow any persons .in this country to die of
starvation or to suffer extremely from starva-
tion. I do not think there has been an appro-
priation called for that is based upon a more
thorough knowledge of the facts than General
Howard has of the facts upon which he asks
this appropriation. After consultation with
him the committee cut down the appropria-
tion from $1,500,000, which he estimated, to
$1,000,000, believing that he can relieve the
extreme want with that sum. And I will state
here, that the South and the country may under-
stand it, that this is not to be regarded as a
precedent; that the South need not expect this
thing to be continued ; that they must look out
for themselves hereafter. But a case appeal-
ing to our charity in this form never will be
presented again ; certainly we hope it may not,
as growing out of this war.
Mr. CONK.LING. I voted against this prop-
osition in committee, and I did it because I
preferred another way of meeting whatever
requirement there might be. There was evi-
dence before the committee, in the form of a
conversational statement from General How-
ard, that in parts of the South, particularly in
northern Georgia, very considerable want and
destitution exist. General Howard stated that
he was satisfied that this did not come merely
from the fact that armies had swept over that
country, but that he was satisfied that other
causes, and chiefly drought, had put it out of
the power of these people, although they were
willing to work, to provide themselves with the
means of subsistence. The evidence was not
very satisfactory to my mind in the particulars
inquired of by the Senator from Indiana and
the Senator from Michigan to show that there
are now, or are likely very soon to be, instances
of actual suffering or starvation as a rule; and
yet I could very well see, from the statement
that he made, how there might be such instances
in considerable numbers.
But, Mr. President, this is rather a fearful
question upon which to make a mistake. It
were far better certainly that we should, do
something which is unnecessary than that we
should run a broad risk of the occurrence of
actual starvation, which we have it in our
power to prevent. Feeling this, I preferred
for one to rely for the present upon one of
the items of the Army appropriation bill, which
appropriates to the Freedmen's Bureau "for
commissary stores, §1,500,000," and, if ne-
cessary, by law extend to the present purpose
the application of that sum. I do not think
myself it would be necessary to extend it by
law, because it stands in the law " for com-
missary stores." But if it may be said that
that refers to commissary stores to be dispensed
under the Freedmen's Bureau law as it existed
then, I prefer to change the application, and to
leave to General Howard to judge when the
time comes whether to prevent actual starva-
tion it be necessary to make some inroad upon
this sum, and if so to let it be included in a
deficiency bill hereafter.
Mr. President, if I vote in the Senate for this
resolution I shall do it with some reluctance,
and I shall do it fully remembering what I
think was so well said by the Senator from In-
diana. I think we have become in both Houses
greatly accustomed to large sums, and that
appropriations which only a short time ago
were unheard of, and which,- if proposed,
would have excited universal comment, would
have invoked the most careful scrutiny, are
madenow,Idonotmeanto say without thought,-
but I mean to say with only that measure of
consideration which used to be applicable to
very small sums, to very unimportant appro-
priations.
Now, sir, if it be true that it is necessary that
any sum of money should be used to prevent
the death by starvation of human beings in this
country, so be it; there is no answer to that;
but although I did not intend until the ques-
tions were asked as to the evidence before us
to bring it up in the Senate, I insist—as I
thought in the committee—that it would be
quite as well to empower the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, if it needs to be so empowered, to devote,
when the time shall come that starvation pre-
sents i' 'elf, some part or parcel of the money
already appropriated to this purpose, and let
the sum so used bo included in a deficiency
bill hereafter.
Mr. HARLAN. This subject has been ex-
amined, as I understand, by one of the stand-
ing committees of the Senate, and they have
arrived at the conclusion that some money is
necessary to prevent extreme suffering and
probably starvation of citizens of the United
States. On the faith of the opinion of that
committee I am prepared to vote whatever
appropriation may be deemed to be necessary.
I have risen, however, to call the attention
of the Senate and of the country to the un-
justifiable remark made by the Senator from
Nevada, that in the administration of the affaira
of this Government it has regarded the Indian
department as the cesspool in which to pour
all the surplus funds of the Government. I
desire him to state to the Senate on what
authority he makes that statement.
Mr. STEWART. I believe I did not use
the term "cesspool." I think I said it was
a pool into which a large amount of the surplus
funds usually found their way. I will state
I upon what authority 1 think that institution is
