THI !COISFG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
tMt post, who treated as enemies Indian dele-
gates who came in from Indian bands for the
purpose of signing a treaty of peace Concluded
some months before with other bonds'of the
same tribe.
But I did not rise, Mr. President, to discuss
this "subject, but merely to state that, with the
limited knowledge I have on the subject, and
from my observation of their official conduct,
it is my deliberate judgment that the Indian
Bureau will compare favorably in its manage-
ment with any Other bureau of any Depart-
ment; and that the officers in its• employ are
in the aggregate as-honest, as capable, and as
patriotic 113 any equal number taken indis-
criminately from any other branch of the pub-
lic service. I will not make an exception in
favor of the Army. Take the officers of the
Army in the Indian country and they are no
mote capable or trustworthy than the officers
connected with the civil service. If some of
the latter commit frauds, so do the former com-
mit frauds of a more gigantic character, be-
cause their opportunities are greater. "Why
should it not be so? Doesitmakea man more
honest to wear straps, to wear a uniform?
Does it make a man any more honest to give
him a lease of office for life? Is the Army a
school of morals, more favorable to the devel-
opment of Christian perfection than civil life?
Why this wholesale denunciation of this branch
of the civil service? Nor is the Indian Bureau
worse managed than other bureaus connected
with the civil service. To illustrate, take the
important Bureau of Internal Revenue in
the Treasury Department, or the Bureau of
Customs.
During the last year, if we can believe a
report of a committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the last session, frauds have
been perpetrated in the Treasury Department
amounting to more millions of dollars than
have been expended in the Indian service since
the foundation of the Government. We are
told by that committee that we ought to have
received of internal revenue about ninety mil-
lion dollars from taxes on whisky alone, and
that the Government derived but about thirty
or forty million dollars, leaving a deficit on
account of frauds of the officers of the Treasury
Department amounting to fifty or sixty million
dollars in a single year on a single taxable
article ; and yet the Senator rises here in his
plrvce in the Senate and denounces the Indian
Bureau as the great conduit for corruption,
the great pool into which the surplus funds of
the Government are poured, when the dis-
bursementslhrough that Department, all told,
do not amount to more than four or five mil-
lion dollars—I think between four and five
million dollars per annum, including the an-
nuities and moneys derived from the proceeds
of the sale of Indian lands, and outside of those
funds which belong to the Indians the expend-
itures of that bureau will not amount prob-
ably on an average from year to year to much
more than three quarters of a million dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
it is the duty of the Chair to remind Senators
that this debate verges greatly from the ques-
tion under consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say, if my
friend from Iowa would permit me, that I do
not see any necessary connection between the
subject he is now debating, introduced, as I
understand, by the Senator from Nevada, and
the question before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from Maryland for his kind
admonition, and I will say for his information
that I have frequently thought he departed
quite as far from the immediate subject under
discussion before the Senate as I have on this
occasion, and probably has needed such ad-
monitions quite as frequently as I have.
Mr. JOHNSON. Iam not sure that I heard
the honorable Senator distinctly. Did he ap-
ply his remark to me ?
Mr. HENDERSON, [to Mr. Johnson.] He
said you wandered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I -have not the slightest
doubt about'that, arid I do not propose to stop
wandering; "because that would, perhaps, stop
debate in the body. All I meant to say was
that as the resolution'was one of great im-
portance, the "sooner we pass it the better.
I have listened tothe honorable member from
Iowa with interest and With instruction, rind I
am rather of the same opinion that he is in
relation tothe condition of-the Indians, ;ttnd
the reason we have had" such frequent conflicts
with them. I have voted always against in-
trusting the custody of the Indians'tothe Army,
and shall continue to do So.
Mr. HARLAN. I usually, in remarks I
make in the Senate, attempt to confine my-
self to the subject that is before the body.
Daring the years that I have served here,
however, I haveobserved that it is not a very
usual thing to call a gentleman to order for
taking a wide range in discussion, particularly
when, it is in reply to speeches that have been
previously delivered which seemed to call
for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to say that I did not call him
to order. I had riot the least idea of ealling
him to order. I-suggested that it was desirable
to have the resolution passed; "that is all. "I
know the gentleman is in order according to
the practice of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I announced at the outset
that I had risen to correct, as far as I could,
what I regarded as a false accusation against
a Department of the Government with which
I have been recently connected; and to cor-
rect a false impression being madeon the pub-
lic mind, which, I fear, may crystalize into a
policy derogatory to the national honor and in
conflict with the principles of humanity. Hav-
ing made the statements more or less perti-
nent to this purpose, I cheerfully yield the
floor that a vote may be taken on the pending
question.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator who has
just taken his seat has demonstrated all that
I have said. The very first thing he does is
to commcncc to defend the Indian depart-
ment, though I had not attacked it, and in
doing that he attacks the War Department.
So if there was a man here who was enthusi-
astic for the War Department who should un-
dertake to defend that, -he would attack the
Indian' department. It'was to this conflict
between the two Departments that I alluded,
each saying that the other manages badly.
Between them the poor Settler is murdered.
Every man who gets up here to defend the In-
dian department immediately attacks the War
Department; and any one who defends the
conduct of the War Department in the Indian
country attacks the Indian department. I did
not attack either Department; but I said the
system was so organized that it was producing
no good, and of that opinion is every one who
has lived, in that country.
I'am accused of 'sympathizing with the peo-
ple of that country. I do sympathize with
them; but I deny that they are desirous for
the extermination of the Indians. I deny that
the mass of the people in the new Territories
desire any such thing. There are bad men
there to be sure, but most of the people desire
to treat the Indians as kindly as possible. I
do sympathize with those people when they
fall victims to the cross purposes at Washing-
ton. It was unnecessary for the Senator to
defend the Indian department when I had not
attacked it. It was unnecessary for him to
attack the War Department when I had not
raised that question. I said bqth Departments
were operating in the Indian country, and the
result was that the money expended was a
loss. I say it still. I believe we should be
better off to-day if both Departments were re-
moved from there and not a dollar expended.
I believe the Indians would be happier and
better fed, and a less number of the whites
would be murdered. I believe that is |he
truth ; but I do not desire to be led off into a
discussion on that point. I am sorry that so
much time has been, occupied in regard to it;
but it has been occupied only because of the
misapprehension of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HENDERSON. Some Senators have
asked -whether there was any information be-
fore the Senate in regard to actual destitu-
tion and want in the South. I will read an
extract from a letter of James E. Yeatman,
who during the war occupied a Government
position at the city of Memphis, and since that
time has been in the South a great deal, in whom
I have entire confidence and trust. It is a let-
ter dated St. Louis, January 23,1867, addressed
to me, and which, by order of the Senate, was
printedand placed on the files of last session.
Mr. Yeatman says :
' "While Congress has been occupied with political
"questions which-agitate the country, the true condi-
tion of the South, and the near approach of its inhab-
itants to almost famine and ruin, have escaped its
attention.
" The high price of cotton stimulated the planting
of that staple, and caused tho planters to neglect
growing grain and other articles of food, believing,
as they did, tha t-with fair crops of cotton they would
be abletosupply themselves therewithfrom the gran-
aries of the West at a much cheaper rate than it could
be grown on their ownlands. The energies and labor
of the South, aided by northern capital, with the
entcrpriseof a large numberofadventurousmenfrom
the East and West, were all concentrated- on this one
"Various causes have arisen tending to prostrate
thepeople, leaving them nearly ruined, among which
X may more especially mention the following, which
could not have been foreseen or provided against:
the too great drought at one season, which destroyed
and blasted their corn; too much rain at- another,
which injured their cotton; and then the army worm,
which came out of the ground in vast numbers, de-
stroying what was left. JiYom these causes all the
well-matured plans, the toil and skill of the people,
were rendered unavailing."
Again:
"The same terrible scenes of distress from famine
are likelv to ensue in our own land as did in India
during the past season. Our Government, I doubt
not, would come to the rescue, when fully aroused to
the necessity, and feed the starving millions, but not,
I fear, before much suffering had ensued and many
had perished; and then it would bs as an act of
charity or as a gratuity."
The letter is quite a lengthy one, and I shall
not take up the time of the Senate by reading it
all. In another part of it Mr. Yeatman says :
"Famine is in the land, or soon willbe. The wolf
is at the door, and something must be done to pre-
vent it from entering in and destroying thousands
and tens of thousands of helpless women and chil-
dren. We can avert it, and it should be averted.
The laws of humanity and Christianity all require
that we should. Besides, it is to the interest of the
Government, outside of that broad and just philan-
thropy which should govern us as a nation."
£ £ * $$ sfc * * «
"To defer this until next Congress will be too late
to be effective; it must be done now. I believe the
great American heart will bear Congress out in any
generous and liberal action which it might take. W e
have seen that, when it so may choose, it can put
measures through on the double quick. This is one
that will brook no delay, and "prompt action will be
sanctioned and justified now and forever by all those
who are notactuated by revengeful feelings. Bysuch
action great suffering will be prevented, and pros-
perity and peace will soon be fully restored."
I presented the letter some time in February,
and it was printed by order of the Senate. I
have information from other parties in the
southern States by conversation which is of
the same tenor. I am not aware, and I do
not believe that the* proposed action of the
Senate will give very great relief in those States.
A million dollars will amount to very little;
and hence I felt some hesitancy in proposing
anything in the way of relief. I am not very
favorable to making large appropriations for
purposes of this character; but if starvation is
in the land—and the information that has been
received by the committee dep
to inquire into this subject, ana
communicated to me by Mr. Yeatman and
others, leaves no doubt on that point—some-
thing must be done. Mr. Yeatman has been
an unflinching Union man from the beginning
of the war. He certainly has had no sympa-
thies whatever with the purposes of the rebel-
lion. He is a gentleman in whom I have entire
trust; and if he can be believed, something
should be done in order to prevent great distress
and suffering in the South. My idea was a dif-
