18&7*.
mm mm®:
ferent one from that novy presented, I
to take off the hardens from -thegreat agricult-
ural product of those States- and thereby; to
induce immigration, ipto th^e-South from the
northern States. 1 If - capital and labor .from
the northern. States jsepr^ to enter the South,
the whole country would,-be' benefited. Cotton,
can be grpw.n there at a profit. The difficulty-
is that capital- is needed in order to produce
it. It requires njoney-in the beginning of the-
crop;; it requir.es thatmoney shall be expended,
for the labor necessary to prodttce its
If'those persons w.ho are now suffering could
be employed and the-money furnished to them
to supply their 'wants as-their labor was ren-
dered, it would be a great deal better than to
make a distribution in the manner pointed out
by this resolution. I thought so, and I think
so still, and it i§ not my opinion that this ap-
propriation will be of much service. I shall
vote for it, however, because when suffer-
ing humanity calls in a case of this sort I feel
that I am under obligation to respond to it.
Humanity requires that I shall cast a vote in
favor of this resolution, but.I fear-very-much
that the aid will be of a temporary character,
that the relief will be ephemeral indeed. Other
demands may be made, and when you once
establish a precedent of this character you do
not know where it will end. It is a dangerous
precedent. I voted for the appropriation in
the case of Portland because suffering human-
ity demanded it; the destitution of the people
demanded it, and I did not stop to inquire, nor
will I in this ease, because the proper commit-
tee report to us that this appropriation is abso-
lutely necessary to prevent starvation. That
seems to be the information we get from all
reliable sources.
I have no feeling about this matter. If the
information is such as to induce Senators to
vote for the resolution upon the ground that
it is absolutely essential to prevent starvation,
of course they ought so to vote and not to make
further inquiry about it; but if it is to lay a
precedent for future appropriations and large
appropriations-as a means of encouraging idle-
ness, I should oppose it. I think the time
ought very soon to arrive when the large ap-
propriations for the Freedmen's Bureau ought
to be stopped. I am satisfied that if we open
the South to immigration, open it up to en-
ergy, and encourage the cultivation of sugar
and cotton, the great agricultural staples of
the South, it is all that will be needed in order
to revitalize the South and enable the people
there to provide the means for their own sub-
sistence. If the -whites and blacks among the
poor people of the South are furnished^ with
capital, and that capital can only be furnished
by immigration, and that immigration can be
furnished by proper encouragement in the
shape of legislation on the part of Congress,
and that can be done by taking the taxes off
those articles which they grow, such as sugar
and cotton, there will be no necessity for these
appropriations. That is my opinion. I think
we ought very soon, by a system of legislation
looking to the building up of industry in the
southern States, supplying capital there, sup-
plying labor with the means to sustain itself,
which they have not now, to be able to bring
about a resumption of the old state of affairs
and to cease making these large appropria-
tion's for feeding either whites or blacks. We
ought to stop it everywhere, and the time must
soon arrive when, if we ever expect to resume
the old state of affairs, we must cease to do
these things. If from year to year we make
large appropriations we encourage idleness,
we encourage a state of affairs in every sec-
tion of the country rather to look to Congress
for relief than to go to work and help them-
selves
Mr. WILSON'. Mr, President, I will simply
say that I shall vote cheerfully for this resolu-
tion as it came from the hands of the commit-
tee appropriating $>1,000,000; and I do not
think that on this occasion we ought to take
into consideration questions pertaining to re-
ducing the. expenses ojf the Government, ques-
tions of political economy, questions connected-
with,the Army or the Indians. I take it that,
this.conditionof things in the -southern country,
has been.brought about, to' , great extent, by
the rebellion through which we, have passed.
We:have had;to appropriate millions of dollars
for the-refugees and for the freedmen;, and in
doipg that I believe w.e have added: millions
upon millions of- dollars to the productive
industry, of the copntry; and that. we. have-
adopted the only wise policy we could haye
done under the circumstances. It now appeals
that by the disturbed state of that country and,
by the failure of crops a portion of that peo-
ple are in a destitute condition. Sir, it is the
duty of this Government, of this rich nation,
to extend a helping hand to the suffering, and
I vote it just as cheerfully as I voted the money
to aid the starving- freedmen and the starving
refugees, actuated by the same motive.
I agree that our- expenditures have been,
enormous; that we ought to commence a sys-
tem of rigid economy; but there aye higher
duties than saving money. Humanity, eleva-
tion, development, improvement of the people
of the country a,re greater than saving the dol-
lars of the people. Therefore I hope w.e shall
all of us agree to appropriate this $1,000,000.
It goes into the hands of the Freedmen's
Bureau. It will be honestly distributed, I
have not a doubt; and they, having their
agents all over that portion of the country, will
be able to distribute it in the best possible
manner. It will do something to alleviate the
suffering.
Further, sir, I haye no fear of making pre-
cedents. Whenever there shall be need in a
case like this of voting money I believe it is
our duty to vote it. We shall always have
some cases of suffering or of great disaster
brought upon some portions of our country or
of the world every few years. These come in
the providence of God, and we must meet them
and do our duty as humane and Christian, men
in the premises.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, a little less
than a year ago almost a whole city in the
State of Maine, my native State, was destroyed
by fire. It was one of the most frightful and
overwhelming calamities which ever overtook
a community. It created a profound sensation
and excited a deep sympathy all over this
country. That sympathy entered these Halls.
It was proposed to contribute a sum of money
to relieve the distress occasioned by that fire.
The necessity for relief I did not for a moment
doubt. The propriety of its being furnished
by the national Legislature I could not for my
life b.elieve in. I felt, therefore, compelled
most reluctantly to vote against that proposi-
tion.
I do not stand here a moment to debate
the question whether the relief now asked for
is required in these southern districts or not.
Assuming that it is, it seems to me it is a re-
lief which should be furnished either by the
local governments themselves, or it is a relief
which should be supplied by voluntary con-
tribution from those who are able and willing
in this country; and the sufficiency .of this last
source of relief I do not doubt. I know it, is
ample. There is no disposition to withhold
sucn contributions whenever they arerequired
in afly portion of the country. It will not be
withheld if asked for now. But for the Legisla-
ture to undertake to administer the charities of
the nation I do not believe is proper; I cannot
consent to it. But if it were proper, if we
are the administrators of the national chari-
ties, I would almost starve myself before I
would vote for such a beggarly pittance as
$1,000,000 to suprfy ten million starving peo-
ple. If you are going to speak in the name
of the national charities, if you are going to
put your hands into the Treasury and dedi-
cate it to this purpose, do it in a way which
will afford relief, and which will become the
honor of the nation.
Mr. STEWA11T. Allow me to say, in reply
to. that.point, that we are, doing considerable,,
now. through the Fceedmen's. Bureau.'
cannot expect, to relieve the general poverty
of tlie South, but there are .districts where, there
is absolute starvation^ apd it is only; proposed '
to extend this relief in those, extreme", cases.
Of course we .cann.ot place all thepeople "fy.4
comfortable.situation; w.e cannot relieve them
from the ills, consequent oh tips war. ' thai'is.
not anticipated; but there are districts in four
or five of the. States where food, rations deaJt
out, where we have the machinery to do it, will,
according to the opinion of those who have
investigated the subject, and according to the
opinion of General Howard, relieve starvation
temporarily, and we believe it is proper to
extend relief in such cases.
Mr. HOWE. I understand what is pro-
posed. It is proposed simply because great
destitution exists in one portion of tie countiy, .-
not to relieve or remove that destitution, but
to vote $1,000,000 out of the Treasury, no mat-
ter whether it touches the destitution or reliey.es
it or not. You undertake in one breath tc> be
the administrators of the national charity and
then to vote a sum which is no charity ^h&tever
and will do nothing. It is ten ceqts ;apieee
upon ten million people. I dp not suppose
they are all actually, starving, but then such a.
beggarly sum as that will do almost nothing, in
the way of furnishing relief. B.eeapse tiie.sum
is not adequate, therefore, as a,national'appro:
priation for such a purpose as .is presented,
here I would not vote for this, resiol.ujm^i.; bat,
if it were adequate I Tf.ould; not vote for it for
the reason that I withheld my. vote from the
appropriation that was made here during the
last session to relieve the city of Portland.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this w.ere a new
question I think 1 would be governed by the
views expressed by the Senator from Wis-
consin. As an original question, I am not
able to see how Congress ought to provide for
local embarrassments; but at the close of the
war it was the judgment of Congress that pro-
vision ought, to be made for the freedmen
and for refugees, and money was appropriated
for that purpose and is being expended under
the supervision of the Freedmen's, Bureau.
The proposition now before the Senate is
simply to increase the amount appropriated
by $1,000,000, and to extend the operation of
the system to another class of persons who are
not freedmen perhaps, and who may not be
refugees, but persons found in that section of
country in a starving condition. Therefore as
Congress has adopted a policy upon this sub-
ject, has appropriated money, I cannot con-
ceive that there is the objection which the
Senator suggests. We simply say that there
shall be $1,000,000 more appropriated than
we have already appropriated for this sort of
purpose, and that it shall be extended to
another class of individuals. On that ground
I shall vote for the measure. I do not agree
with the Senator, however, that because the
amount appropriated will not relieve all cases,
therefore I will not vote for a partial relief.
A million of dollars may save some persona
from starvation. That is a sufficient answer
to the last criticism of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. HOWE. The precedent to which we
are cited by the Senator from Indiana will not
answer my purpose, though it doubtless an-
swers his own. I see no analogy between the
two cases. There were soon after the close of
the late war some three million persons of
various colors and complexions who had been
property, had been in the eye of the local law
chattels. By a national act they were trans-
lated from that condition and were put in the
eye of the law in the place of men and women,
human beings. They were no longer the prop-
erty of individuals and they scarcely owned
themselves. They had no government and no
right to form a government. There was no
local authority charged with the custody or
care or control of them, and none that we
would allow to bo chargod with the care, the
