1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
objects of charity, we cannot enter upon that
general system. It must be left to the com-
mon humanity of private contribution or to
the local authorities to provide for. The Gov-
ernment of the United States, from its Con-
stitution, cannot, it dare not, undertake to pro-
vide charity for the suffering and for the starv-
ing the land over.
But, as I before said, it is a matter of great
importance to this Government and to this
people that there should be retrenchment in
our expenditures. We cannot afford to go on
in this way. There will be a limit to our capa-
city, and when that limit comes, though star-
vation shall come after it, we cannot relieve it.
As a matter of self-preservation of the Gov-
ernment, to protect our credit, and to protect
the party that has the majority upon this floor,
the expenditures must be brought to the low-
est point consistent with justice to the soldiers,
the credit of the nation, and the efficient per-
formance of the functions of the Government.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I cannot
appreciate the distinction drawn by the Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] We appro-
priated for the freedmen, he says, because
they were liberated suddenly, thrown upon
the country, and needed it, and would other-
wise have starved. In other words, it was
an emergency, and our action was justifiable.
It was because humanity required it. I in-
dorsed it, and so did every good man in this
country. We appropriated for the loyal ref-
ugees because they had been driven from their
homes, not because they had contributed to the
country or anything of that kind, but because
they'were sufferingforfood. Humanity indorsed
that. ^ We did not appropriate for that class
of individuals, however, who had suffered from
the calamities of this war and were disloyal.
We did not appropriate for women and children,
the male portion of whose families were engaged
in rebellion. We left them to private charity.
Private charity has done much for them, and
probably would have done all that was required
if another calamity had not occurred besides
the calamity of war, which has deprived them
of the crops which they attempted to raise by
means of their industry, which General How-
ard says in those sections was as great as in
any part sf the country. The blacks and whites
in those sections of the country where they are
now suffering did their best. It was in the
poor sections of the South. They have had,
I say, an additional calamity. They had war
that drove them from their homes. Perhaps
the male relatives of many of those who are
now suffering were drafted into the armies and
perished there, leaving their families in a coun-
try that was devastated by war. Charity at-
tempted to relieve them and did much last
year, but the crops have failed and they are
now starving. Is not that an extraordinary
condition of things, as much so as either of
the other cases? If there is any such destitu-
tion in the North, let us relieve it as we re-
lieved the inhabitants of Portland, in Maine,
last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bill did not pass.
Mr. STEWART. I voted for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It passed the Senate,
but not the other House.
Mr. STEWART. This is an extraordinary
circumstance, and it appeals *to humanity as
much as the other cases for which we have pro-
vided. While the gentleman who has this
subject in special charge is reluctant to ask for
appropriations, while he is extremely cautious
with the'public money, while he is as conscien-
tious and as loyal as any man in this Government,
and as_ careful about squandering money, he
deems it necessary, in the name of humanity,
that the people shall be relieved. I say we
should relieve them no matter how these calam-
ities have come upon them. A calamity came
upon the negro; he was thrown upon the
world without a protector and was starving.
The nation paid its money freely to save him
from starvation. A calamity fell upon the
refugee; ho was driven from his homo and was
 ;—: ,   : 
starving; the nation did not inquire further,
but fed him. Now a calamity has fallen upon
a certain section of the South; in addition to
the war, famine has come, and I do not believe
that the precedent of serving food to these
people, when we have the machinery to do it,
will over endanger this nation, will ever impov-
erish your Treasury. I believe the nation will
be stronger and better for this act, and I believe
every Senator who votes for it will have an
approving conscience in consequence of that
vote. It has not been rashly brought forward;
it has not been brought forward without due
consideration. Half the testimony we re-
ceive daily is not before the Senate* Societies
have been organized throughout the North
for the purpose of extending relief; but the
destitution is so wide-spread and so general
that it is impossible for them to continue to
meet all the demands upon them. All we ask
is to extend temporary relief until the southern
people can have one good crop. They have not
yet had one good crop since the war.
Let us aid them in this matter. We have
the machinery to do it, and we are doing pre-
cisely analogous things for a portion of their
people. If we .do not do it we draw a dis-
tinction. It is saying that you will inquire
into the fact wiether a child that is starving
had a loyal or a disloyal father. If you will
feed the children of a refugee who was loyal,
if you will feed negroes who were loyal, why
will you not feed in the same neighborhood
the orphan children whose parent was drafted
into the confederate army and there died? If
you refuse to feed them, it is because you are
willing thus to inquire when you are feeding
the hungry, whether they were loyal or dis-
loyal^ I do not believe this nation will make
that inquiry.^ It is a blot on humanity that
our soldiers in southern prisons were allowed
to die of hunger and starvation. We regret in
the name of humanity that the southern people
did not feed our soldiers when they were starv-
ing there. It is a blot on the American name
to inquire, when you are about to feed the
hungry, whether the person in want of aid is
good or bad.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I rise to
make a single inquiry of the committee who
have presented this resolution. I desire to
know whether they have any information from
any particular portion of the country in regard
to the distress. I notice by the estimate of
Major General Howard that he has estimated
for Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Mis-
sissipi, Arkansas, and Louisiana. Texas is
the only State that is not in want according to
this estimate. Now, if it be the fact that the
people are starving in all these States, if the
rains have been withheld in each of these
States, it is certainly a providential circum-
stance, and it would seem to place it in the
power of the northern States to contribute to
the relief of the starving people of the South.
It seems to me, however, somewhat extraordi-
nary that this estimate should be made in re-
gard to each and every State, and therefore I
desire to inquire of the committee whether
there was any evidence as to this destitution
existing in particular States, or whether there
was any evidence, as this estimate would seem
to imply, that starvation exists to a great ex-
tent in all these States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. I was about to move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust we shall be able
to get a vote on this resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this debate goes on,
our opportunity to do executive business to-
day will be entirely gone. It seems to be evi-
dent now that this subject will be debated until
dinner time. >
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us
finish it.
Mr. CORBETT. I merely wish to say that
I desire, if I err, to err on the safe side. I
desire to vote for this appropriation, but I wisli
to vote for it understanding^, and for that
reason I made the inquiry.
Mr. TRUMBULL: I stated very briefly
when this resolution was first brought forward
to the consideration of the Senate What sources'
of information we have. I1 was very much
impressed by the remarks of the. Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.} I felt .very
much as he did when this application was'
made to the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom the communication to which the SenJ
ator from Oregon [Mr. Cobbett] has alluded,
was referred. We had Major General How-
ard before us, and I questioned him very
closely, as closely as I knew how, with regard
to his sources of information and the condition
of things in the South. I put the question to
him directly whether, in his opinion, there
were any districts in the South where persons
would actually die of starvation if there were
not supplies furnished. He answered that he
thought there were. I inquired of him, then,
whether there were not sufficient supplies of
food in all the districts in the hands of some
persons, if they would share them with the
destitute, to prevent starvation. He thought
there were districts of country in the South
where there were not. He stated his sources
of information to be communications from the
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau stationed all
over the rebel States. This estimate is tnade
up, as he informed us, on the communication's
from them. He stated farther that he him-
self, in January, passed through the southern
States. He went, as I understood him to say,
through Georgia, and took a tour through that
country, and l'rom his own personal observa-
tion he believed there were districts of coun-
try where there was not sufficient food to feed
the inhabitants. I had supposed there were
persons in all that region of country who prob-
ably out of their abundance could supply the
destitute. He however stated that it was riot
so in some localities.
He said, moreover, that with the supplies
which have been heretofore furnished through
the Freedmen's Bureau to loyal refugees and
freedmen they had been able to prevent any
actual starvation, and he thought the appro-
priations already made were sufficient if no sup-
plies were to be given to any except the loyal
refuge.es and the freedmen, but that there was
a •class of people outside of those who would
suffer unless they were supplied. Although I
have in this body, during my whole course here,
been very much disinclined to vote for what are
called charitable appropriations by the Federal
Government, although I do not think the Fed-
eral Government can make itself .the general
almoner to dispense charities all over the Uni-
ted States, and the localities, the towns, the
counties must provide for their own poor, I
think this case stands on different grounds
entirely.
This country has been subjected to the deso-
lations of war; this people is in a destitute con-
dition ; and with this testimony before us from
General Howard, who has already had this
matter in charge, we felt justified in reporting
the resolution. The Senator from Oregon will
see that General Howard has very superior'
opportunities for knowing the condition of the
South, for the Freedmen's Bureau during the
last year, through agents of his own appoint-
ment, has been supplying the destitute refugees
and freedmen, and that has given him an oppor-
tunity to know the condition of things through
the South. The failure of crops is not univer-
sal. That is only in particular districts. Gen-
eral Howard was questioned particularly abaut
that. He says that in about half of Georgia
and about half of South Carolina they have
had the ordinary crop, that is, so far as they
were able to plant. The crop is not what it
was in former years, of course. They had not
the means of putting in the usual crop; but
so far as they did plant they have had the
usual crop in portions of those States. But
we all know, who know anything about the
