186T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of the Committee on Military Affairs to attend
to it, and if the Senator from Michigan very
much prefers that reference I have no sort of
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That refer-
ence will be made, unless there be objection.
Mr. "WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 42) to provide for the registration of elect-
ors in the Territories of the United States;
■which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 43) further to amend
an act entitled "An act for the collection of
direct taxes in the insurrectionary districts
-within the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved Juno 7, 1802; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 44) to amend an act enti-
tled "A_n act to define the number and regu-
late tlie appointment of officers in the Navy,
and for other purposes, approved July 25,
1868; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 45)
to provide for the defense of the northeastern
frontier; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on E'oreign
Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 4G)" to incorporate the National Hotel
Company in the City of Washington; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 47) to provide for the adjustment and.
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 48) to authorize the settlement of certain
accounts; which was rea$J twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing the Secre-
tary of War to furnish certain arms and equip-
ments to the State of Tennessee; which was
read twice by its title, and he asked for its
present consideration, but on motionof Mr.
"Wilson, it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 20)
providing for the payment of certain ^ Ten-
nessee militia forces; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY. A few days since I intro-
duced a bill wliieh, inasmuch as the committees
were not then organized, was laid upon the
table. I now ask that that bill may be taken
up and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. It is with reference to the change of a
railroad route in Minnesota.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 6)
changing the route of a ccrtain land-grant rail-
road in Minnesota was taken from the table,
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill (S.
No. 4) for the relief of William Shtmk was
taken from the table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the fol-
lowing bills heretofore introduced by him were
ordered to be printed:
A hill (S. No. 19) declaring a bridge to be
constructed over the Missouri river at or near
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 4.
the town of St.^harles, and a bridge to be con-
structed over the Mississippi river at or near
the city of Louisiana, in the State of Missouri,
to be legal structures and post roads;
A bill (S. No. 20) to pay bounty to certain
Missouri troops who served for three years
during the late war; and
A bill (S. No. 21) to provide for the con-
struction of a military and postal railroad
from Galveston, in the State of Texas, to Fort
Gibson, in the Indian Territory, with a branch
to Little Rock, in Arkansas.
REPORT ON INTBR-OCEANIC CANALS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That of the copies of the report of Ad-
miral Davis upon the inter-oceanic railroad and
canals heretofore ordered to be printed, three hun-
dred be furnished to tho Secretary of the Navy.
I ask for the present consideration of the res-
olution. It does not increase the number, but
merely diverts a part of them from the Sen-
ators to the Secretary of the Navy.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
NEW EDITION OF THE RULES.
Mr. ANTHONY" submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk be directed to pre-
pare a correct edition of the Constitution, Rules of
the Senate, joint Rules of the two Houses, and the
Manual, and that !ivc hundred copies of the same bo
printed and bound for the use of the Senate.
" PROTECTION OF SAILORS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire whether any further legislation is
necessary to secure to sailors in the merchant ma-
rine scrviee a proper supply of wholesome food and
personal protection.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE OS APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Marine, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous gonsent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations is
hereby authorized to employ a clerk, who shall re-
ceive the same salary as the clerk of the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS ON THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies each beprinted
for the use of the Senate of the following documents,
1. Report upon the physics and hydraulics of the
Mississippi river; upon the protection of the alluvial
region against overflow; and upon the deepening of
the mouths, based upon surveys and investigations
made under the acts of Congress directing the topo-
graphical and hydrographical surrey of the delta of
the Mississippi river, &e., submitted to the Bureau ot
Topographical Engineers, War Department, under
date of August 5,1861, as prepared by Captain A. A.
Humphreys and Lieutenant H. L. Abbott; and
2. The report of Brigadier General A. A. Hum-
phreys on the same subject, submitted to the Secre-
tary of War under date of May 31,1866.
SURVEY OF BAYOU MANCHAC. .
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and lie is
hereby, directed to detail an officer of the Engineer
corps of the Army for the purpose of surveying Bayou
Manchac, connecting with tho Armite river and lead-
ing into Lake Maurepas, and Pass Manchac connect-
ing Maurepas and Lake Pontchartrain, and report
the cost of opening said streams and bayous to iirst-
class steamboat navigation.
SALE OP VESSELS TO BELLIGERENTS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whetherthe selling of unaimed,
unmanned vessels to belligerent Powers by American
citizens is now unlawful, and whether the right to
do so can be secured by legislation, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is nothing now
before the Senate, I ask.the Senate to be good
enough to take up' the resolutions submitted
by me the other day, which will be found in
Miscellaneous Document No. 1. I move that
the Senate proceed to their consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate'
proceeded to consider the following resolutiofis:
Resolutions declaring certain further guarantees re-
quired in the reconstruction of the rebel States.
1. Resolved, That Congress, in declaring by posi-
tive legislation that it possesses paramount authority
over the rebel States, and in prescribing that ao per-
son therein shall be excluded from the elective fran-
chise by reason of race, color, or previous condition,
has begun the work of reconstruction, and has set an
example to itself.
2. Resolved, That there are other things remaining
to be done, which are as clearly within the power of
Congress as the elective franchise, and it is the duty
of Congress to see that these things are not left
undone.
3. Resolved, Thatamongthethingsremamingtohe
done are the four following:
First. The existing governments, which have been
declared to be illegal, must be vacated, so that they
ean have no agency in the work of reconstruction,
and will cease to exercise a pernieious influence.
Secondly. Provisional governments must bo con-
stituted as temporary substitutes for the illegal gov-
ernments, with special authority to superintend the
transition to permanent governments, republican in
form.
Thirdly. As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the
basis of permanent governments, republican in form,
every possible precaution must be adopted against
rebel agency or influence in the formation of these
governments.
Fourthly. As the education of the people is essential
to the national welfare, and espeeiallyto the develop-
ment of those principles of j ustice and morality which
constitute the foundation of republican government,
and as, according to the census, an immense propor-
tion of the people in the rebel States, without dis-
tinction of color, cannot read and write, therefore
public schools must be established for the equal good
of all.
Fifthly. Not less important than education is the
homestead, which must be secured to the freedmen,
so that at least every head of a family may have a
piece of land. .
4. Resolved, That all these requirements are m the
nature of guarantees to be exacted by Congress, with-
out which the United States willnotobtain thatsecu-
rity for the future which is essential to a just recon-
struction.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desireto inquire whether
those resolutions have been referred to any
committee ?
Mr. SUMNER. They have not been. It is
not customary to refer resolutions of that char-
acter to committees. They are printed and
put on the tables of Senators.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it is in order
to refer the resolutions to a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is cer-
tainly in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Oregon
will have the goodness to suggest any reason
for the reference to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary I shall be able perhaps to answer that.
His motion, I understand, is a simple motion,
without any reason assigned.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to hear the
able speeches of the honorable Senator here in
the Senate on these questions; but I am not
prepared to vote for the substance of those
speeches in the shape of resolutions until they
have been examined by some committee and
the precise meaning and effect of the resolu-
tions determined. These resolutions, if I un-
derstand them, contain various propositions
which are very important: and the Senate, by
voting in favor of their adoption at this time,
without due consideration, may be committed
to some doctrines or views which it may not
be desirable to adopt at this moment; and I
think that where propositions of this general
nature are introduced here that call tor no
practical legislation, but are the mere expres-
sion of theories in reference to the administra-
tion of public affairs, they ought to be carefully
examined bv some competent committee} find
reported to the Senate ; and if it be necessary
that they should be changed or amended, they
ought to be changed or amended. I am not
prepared to vote on these resolutions until they
have received the consideration of some com-
mittee. It is for these reasons that I make the
motion. .
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that it would
