54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
by the adoption of these resolutions actually to
abrogate and annul all that we have been try-
ing to do in Congress for the last three months.
I object to it as unfair to Congress and unfair
to the country. I believe that the proposition
that Congress has put forth was put forth in
good faith. I believe .that it is a finality upon
the basis of which law and order and equal
will be secured to every man in this
country. The dominant party of the country
have received it with approbation; the South
are about adopting it; and just at the most
critical point of time the Senate of the United
States are called upon to vote that they are not
in earnest, but that they will repeal all the
action they have taken and insist upon the
guarantee of education and land to the freed-
men. I move that the resolutions be laid upon
the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion to give me an opportunity
to say a word.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will withdraw
it for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Jersey withdraw the mo-
tion?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir, to give
the Senator an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. S DMNER. I find that the objects which
I seek to accomplish in reconstruction are re-
garded in very different lights by myself and
by Senators who have spoken. The Senator
from New Jersey, the Senator from Maryland,
and the Senator from Ohio, all regard these
requirements as in the nature of burdens. Edu-
cation is a burden ; a homestead is a burden.
It is a new burden which I am seeking, so these
distinguished Senators argue, to impose upon
the South. they right, or am I right?
Education can never be a burden. Justice in
the way of a homestead can never be a burden.
Each is a sacrcd duty which our Government
owes to those who have the right to look to us
for protection.
Now, at this moment, in the development
of events, the people at the South have a right
to look to us for protection. Tliey have a right
to look to us that, in laying the basis of future
security, we shall see that those things are done
which will make the security real, and not
merely nominal. And yet, when I asked that
the security shall be real and not merely nom-
inal, I am encountered by the objection that I
seek to impose new burdens._ Sir, if I know
my own heart, I would not impose a burden
upon any human being. I would not impose
a burden even upon those who have trespassed
so much against the Republic. I do not seek
their punishment. Never has one word fallen
from my lips in any of the debates in this Cham-
ber asking for their punishment, for any pun-
ishment of the South. All that I ask is the
establishment of human rights on a permanent
basis of security. Is there any Senator who
differs from me in that demand? I am sure
that my friend from Ohio does seek the estab-
lishment of future security; but he will allow
me to say that to my mind he abandons it at
the beginning; he fails at the proper moment to
require those guarantees without which your
future security will be vain.
This is not the first time that the Senator
from Ohio has set himself against the funda-
mental propositions of reconstruction. When,
now more than four years ago, I had the honor
of introducing into this Chamber a proposition
declaring the jurisdiction of Congress over this
whole question, and overthe whole rebel region,
I was met by the Senator from Ohio, who re-
minded me that I was alone, and he went for-
ward to say that my position was not unlike
that of Jefferson Davis. His remarks were
made as long ago as April 2,1862. I will send
them to the Chair to be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
""iC therefore cannot help but say that while I re-
spect the motives of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, while I give him credit for consist-
ency, ability, and a great deal 8f culture, and am
always glad to hear him speak, yjt I must confess
that when I looked over his resolutions they struck
me with surprise and regret. They would revolu-
tionize this Government. Sir, strike the -States out
of this system of Government, and your Government
is lost and gone. I cannot conceive of the United
States governing colonies and provinces containing
millions upon millions of people, black and white I
do not think such a thing can exist. I do not be-
lieve it is in the power of secession to bring us to
such a state of things. I can draw no distinction be-
tween theresolntionsof the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the doctrines that are proclaimed by Jef-
ferson Davis. If a State can secede, the people of
the State can make a new government. If the peo-
ple of South Carolina are firm and united in their
policy, which no man doubts; if they have power to
secede, they have seceded and their doctrine is true.
But I do not believe they have the power to secede.
They may go into banishment, wandering all over
the face of the earth; but they cannot take with
them a single foot of the soil of this country over
which our flag ever floated. The doctrine of the
Senator from Massachusetts is substantially an ac-
knowledgment of the right of secession, of the right
to secede. He, however, puts the States in the con-
dition of abject Territories, to be governed by Con-
gress. Jefferson Davis puts it in the power of the
people of the States to govern the States themselves.
As to which is the most dangerous or obnoxio us doc-
trine I leave every man to determine."—Congres-
sional Globe, Thirty-Seventh Congress, second session,
page 1490.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not called the atten-
tion of the Senate to these remarks in any
unkind feeling, for I certainly have none for
the Senator; 1 have no feeling but kindness and
respect for him; but as I listened to him a few
minutes ago remonstrating against the posi-
tion I now occupy I was carried back to that
early day in 1862, when he remonstrated, if
possible more strenuously, against the position
that I then occupied; and what was it? I had
had the audacity to assert the paramount power
of Congress over the whole rebel region. That
was the sum and substance of my argument;
and you have the answer of the Senator from
Ohio to it. And now in the lapse of time the
Senator from Ohio has ranged himself by my
side, and has voted for that measure of re-
construction which is founded on the jurisdic-
tion of Congress over this whole rebel region.
As time went on the subject assumed an-
other character. It was with regard to the
suffrage question. A year ago I ventured to
assert on this floor that we must give the suf-
frage to all colored persons by act of Congress
and without any constitutional amendment. I
founded myself in that assertion on two posi-
tions. One was the solemn guarantee in the
Constitution of a republican form of govern-
ment ; and I undertook to show that any de-
nial of rights on account of color was unrepub-
lican to such an extent that the Government
that sanctioned it could not be considered in
any just sense republican in any form. And
I then went further and insisted that from the
necessity of the case at the present moment
Congress must give the suffrage to all persons
at the South without distinction of color. I
argued that the suffrage was needed in order
to counterbalance the suffrage of the rebels.
Very well. One year has passed, and you
have now, by act of Congress, asserted the
very power which the Senator from Ohio and
"other distinguished Senators associated with
him most strenuously denied. That Senator
and other Senators insisted that it could only
be done by constitutional amendment. I in-
sisted that it could be done under the existing
text of the Constitution ; nay more, that from
the necessity of the case it must be done. Very
well; you have done it.
But in doing it unhappily you have failed to
make proper provision for enforcing this
essential security. You have provided no. ma-
chinery in your act, and you have left other
things undone which ought to be done. And
now, as I come forward here and urge that these
things should be done, I am encountered again
by my friend from Ohio whom I had encoun-
tered before on these other cardinal proposi-
tions ; and he now, just as strenuously as before,
insists that it is not within our power or pro-
vince at this moment to make any additional
requirements of the rebel States. He is willing
that the bill in certain particulars shall be
amended; I do not know precisely to what
extent he would go on that head; but he will
make no additional requirements, as he ex-
presses it, in the nature of burdens. Sir, I
make no additional requirements in the nature
of burdens. -I have already said I impose no
burdens upon any man; but I do insist upon
the protection of rights. And now at this mo-
ment, as we are engaged in this great work of
reconstruction, I insist that your work shall bs
completely done. It will not be completely
done if you fail to supply any safeguards or
precautions that can possibly be adopted.
A great orator told us on one occasion that he
had one lamp by which his steps were guided,
and that was the lamp of experience. There
is one great experience on this question, com-
manding, historic, which illumines this age.
It is more than a lamp: it is like the sunshine.
It is the example afforded to us in that great
act of emancipation by the Emperor of Russia
when he set free twenty million serfs. Did
he stop merely by giving them their freedom?
No ! he went further, and provided for their
education, and also provided that each should
have a piece of land. And now when I ask
that my country, a Republic, heir of all the
ages, foremost in the tide of time, should do
on this question only what the Emperor of
Russia has done, I am met here by grave
Senators with the argument that I am imposing
new burdens upon late rebels. No, sir, it is
no such thing. I am only asking new securi-
ties for my country, to the end that it may be
safe, great, and glorious.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator sought to
weaken my arguments by showing that at some
time Of other I changed my mind he could
readily do it. Every reasoning man in the prog-
ress of this war has changed his mind upon
many questions; and the Senator is not an
exception, but he is very unfortunate in his
illustration. The language he has caused to
be read which I used, I do not know on what
occasion, it seems ih April, 1862, I could
repeat now, and heartily indorse upon the
fundamental proposition then stated. I cer-
tainly stand now as I did then. I state now
that those ten rebel States are in the Union of
the United States, have been recognized to be
in the Union from the beginning of the war by
every department of the Government, execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial. They are im-
perishable, and neither the hand of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts nor the hand of any
other mortal man can strike them from the
list of States of the Union. That is the sub-
stance of the doctrine which he has caused to be
read. I have no doubt that nine tenths of this
Senate could read with approbation the remarks
that he has quoted from a speech that I made
four years ago; that is, that these States are
still in the Union; that the Union is indestruct-
ible, imperishable; and that neither war nor
legislation can strike them from the list of
States. But, according to the doctrine pro-
claimed by the Executive and sanctioned by
Congress, the civil governments in those States
have been overthrown by the rebellion 
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that was my
original position, to which the Senator replied
in the passage that I have read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I never took issue on
that proposition. On the contrary, in the
very speech quoted I say that the civil govern-
ment has been overthrown by the rebellion,
that the civil governments had been usurped
by traitors, and that we were endeavoring to
break down by arms these men who had
usurped the government of those States. The
same doctrine is contained in the very speech
that he read, and I say that now. It was the
doctrine finally adopted by the President of
the United States when he issued his procla-
mation to the people of North Carolina, and
repeated to the people of the other southern
States, recognizing them as States, but declar-
ing that the rebellion had overthrown civil
governments, and then proposed to reorganize-
civil governments in those States. That is the
doctrine upon which we all stand now, and
upon which the recent reconstruction bill was
founded. We propose to start again civil gov-
ernments founded upon universal suffrage in
