1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 17)
for the relief of Donahue, Ryan & Seeor,
to report • it back without amendment and
recommend its passage; and I ask for immedi-
ate action upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That resolution appro-
priates something like two hundred thousand
dollars I think. I believe it ought to lie on
tbetable so that we may see it and consider it.
Mr. NYE. I hope it will be proceeded with
now.
Mr.^ FESSENDEN. I do not mean to make
a motion to lay the measure on the table, but
I suggest that it ought not to be acted upon the
day it is reported from the committee, b,ut
should lie on the table a day for consideration,
as the rules require.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution can only be considered to-day by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
equalization ob bounties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received, and
been requested to present, a petition signed
by several hundred officers and soldiers, sea-
men, and marines, stating that under the
bounty act which was passed persons are ex-
cluded from the benefits of that act who
enlisted at the beginning of the rebellion, in
18G1 and 1862, and were discharged on account
of disability before serving two years. They
state that those persons do not receive bounty
at all, and are deserving persons; and they
ask that the bill which was introduced by a
Representative from Ohio [Mr. Schesck] in
the House of Representatives, may receive
favorable consideration, extending the bene-
fits of the bounty to that class of persons.
The petition is numerously signed, and is
headed by the signature of Colonel Knobels-
dorff, late colonel of the forty-fourth regiment
of Illinois volunteers. I move its reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 11, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions for reference to appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider. Under this call joint
resolutions of the Legislature of a State or Ter-
ritory may be presented.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, ^without amendment, a bi.ll (H. R. No.
1) making appropriations for the expenses of
commissioners sent by the President to the
Indian country.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. No. 16) for
the relief of the destitute in the southern and
southwestern States; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
extension op bounty law.
Mr. PERIIAM introduced a bill to extend
the provisions of the bounty law to the widows
and children of soldiers who enlisted for nine
months and were killed in battle; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to
be referred to the Committee on. Military Af-
fairs, when appointed.
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. TAN HORN, of New York, introduced
a bill to provide for the construction of a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara; Which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, if I may be permitted, I desire to
state that this bill differs from the bill passed
by this House at the last Congress. That bill
provided for the construction of this work by
a company to be incorporated by Congress.
This provides for the construction of the work
by the Government at the public expense
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
Some of the friends of the measure desire that
this bill shall be referred to a select committee.
I therefore move its reference to a select com-
mittee of five.
Mr. HUMPHREY, Mr. Speaker, I would
suggest to my colleague that this bill had better
be referred either to the Committee on Com-
merce or to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It relates peculiarly to the commercial and the
military interests of the country, and I can see
no propriety in raising a select committee to
take this subject out of the hands of a regular
standing committee having appropriately juris-
diction of the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
under the rules bills introduced during the
morning hour must be referred without debate.
The Chair has, however, indulged both gen-
tlemen from New York in a brief statement.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I hope I maybe allowed
to make a single additional suggestion. In the
Senate this measure, has always been referred to
the Committee on Commerce ; and I Ifope my
colleague will consent that it shall be referred
either to the corresponding committee of this
body or to the Comnfittee on Military Affairs.
I ask the gentleman to indicate which of these
standing committees he prefers. If he insists
on the reference to a select committee, then
I move that the bill be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. If I may
he allowed I should like to say a word. In
the Thirty-Seventh Congress this was referred
to a select committee; and a like reference
was made in previous Congresses. It is a mat-
ter of great national importance. I hope,
therefore, the motion of my colleague will not
prevail, and that the subject will be referred to
a select committee.
Mr. HUMPHREY. It has never been re-
ferred to a select committee in the Senate, but
has always been referred to a standing com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. • The motion to refer to a
standing committee takes precedence.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
37, noes 46.
So the motion to refer to the Committee on
Commerce was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be referred to
a select committee.
rebel states.
Mr. "WARD introduced a bill to guaranty
to certain States which have been in rebellion
a republican form of government; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
acknowledgment oe deeiw.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced a bill fur-
ther to provide for the acknowledgment of
deeds in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
st. albans bank.
Mr. WOODBRIDfJE also introduced a bill
for the relief of the St. Albans Bank of St.
Albans, Vermont; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency,when
appointed. 1
-T A RIFF BILL.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a bill to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports, and
^ purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and. ordered to he referred -to
the Coaimittee of Ways and Means, when ap-
pointed.
SOLDIERS OF 1812. ■
Mr. MILLER. I introduce a bill granting
pensions to the soldiers of the war of -1812
with Great Britain. It was referred in the last
Congress to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, but that committee never made any
report on the subject. I ask that it now be
referred to a select committee.
The bill was read a firs.t and second time.
Mr. PERHAM. Is this matter debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not, but any "other
reference can be moved.
Mr, PERHAM. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed.
Mr. MILLER. I hope that will not be
done ; it will be the death of the bill.
_ The question first recurred on referring the
bill to the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
sixty, noes not counted.
Mr. MILLER demanded tellers. -
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the bill for the present.
john a. m'laiiv.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill authoriz-
ing John' A. McLain, of company B, one hun-
dred and fifth Pennsylvania volunteers, to re-
ceive three months' pay proper; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, when appointed.
lewis ladomus, etc.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Lewis
Ladomus and the representatives of John
Mocfre, deceased, of Philadelphia, rent for the
occupancy of square No. 760, East Capitol
street, Washington, District of Columbia:
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, when appointed.
naval oeeicers 0^ leave.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
joint resolution authorizing naval officers on
leave to visit Washington ; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs when
appointed.
equalization 0e bounties.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
bill to equalize bounties of soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served in the late war for the
Union; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs when appointed.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a bill to equalize
the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in the late war for the Union;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when appointed.
homestead settlements.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill amepdatory
of an act for the disposal of the public lands
for homestead actual settlement in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands when appointed,
and Drinted.
preemption laws.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill amendatory
of the preemption laws of the United States
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be referred to tiie
Committee on Public Lands when appointed,
and printed.
