58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
RAILROADS AND PLANK ROADS.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to extend the
provisions of the act of August 4, 1852, entitled
'' An act to grant the right of way to all rail-
roads, plank roads, &e., over the public lands
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands when appointed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a bill granting pensions from the date of dis-
charge, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed, and printed.
JAMES B. THOMPSON.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill for the relief
of Major James B. Thompson, of Perrysville,
Juniata county, Pennsylvania, who was first
lieutenant and subsequently captain of company
F, one hundred and ninetieth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, having been commissioned
during his confinement in rebel prisons ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed, and printed.
COBB, CHRISTIE AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill for the
relief of O. P. Cobb, Christie & Co., and J. &
0. P. Cobb & Co., of Aurora, Indiana ; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Claims .
when appointed.
CLOTHING SOLDIERS.
_ Mr. JUDD introduced a bill to clothe a por-
tion of the soldiers of the Republic now suf-
fering from injuries received; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to a select
committee of three.
CLAIM OP COIN IN THE TREASURY.
Mr. COOK introduced the following joint
resolution j which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the joint select Commit-
tee on Retrenchment:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, &c., That the coin claimed by certain banks
in Richmond, Virginia, and now deposited in the
Treasury for safe-keeping by order of the President,
be paid into the Treasury of the United States: and
that the banks or persons claiming the same have
the right to prosecute their claim to the same in the
Court of Claims.
AMENDING THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BROMWELL introduced a joint reso-
lution declaratory of the law as to amending
the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a joint resolu-
tion placing certain troops of Missouri on an
equal footing with other volunteers as to bounty;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OP MISSOURI.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to divide the State of
Missouri into two judicial districts, and give
jurisdiction to the district court for the western
district of Missouriwhich was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
CANAL IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a bill granting a
right of way and making a grant of land to-the
State of California to aid the Sierra Nevada
and Contra Costa Irrigation and Land Com-
pany in the construction of a canal in said
State; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands when appointed.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD.
Mr. PAINE presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of Sugar River Valley
railroad from Freeport, Illinois, to Madison,
Wisconsin; jvhich was ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands when ap-
pointed, and printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill to divide the district of Wisconsin into
two judicial districts; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ACTUAL SETTLERS ON THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill_ to pro-
tect the actual settlers upon the public lands
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands when appointed, and ordered
to be printed.
RAILROAD PROM LAWRENCE TO MEXICO.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
granting land to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the city of
Lawrence, in the State of Kansas, to the bor-
der line between the United States and Mex-
ico, in the direction of the city of Guaymas,
on the Gulf of California; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee-on the Pacific Railroad when appointed.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE MISSOURI RIVER.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a bill to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands when appointed.
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a bill to provide for giving the right of pre-
emption to settlers on the Cherokee neutral
lands in Kansas, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands
when appointed.
RESOLUTIONS OP THE STATE OP NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, presented the
joint resolutions of the State of Nevada, ask-
ing the establishment of a mint at Carson
City, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means when ap-
pointed, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also presented
resolutions of the Legislature of that State in
favor of a daily mail to Boisfe City, Idaho;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, when appointed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of that State
in reference to mail routes in the State of
Nevada, which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, when
appointed, and ordered to be printed.
TARIFF BILL.
There being no further bills and joint reso-
lutions under the call of States and Territories,
the Speaker announced that the remainder of
the morning hour would be consumed in call-
ing the States and Territories for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Pennsylvania,
where the call rested on the 6th of March, the
pending question being the consideration of
the following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Moorhead of Pennsylvania:
Resolved That the tariff bill, being Ilouse bill No.
718 of the Thirty-Jfinlh Congress, together with the
pending amendments, be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, when appointed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I introduced that same
bill this morning and had it referred, I there-
fore beg leave to withdraw the resolution.
No objection was made, and the resolution
was withdrawn.
AGRICULTURAL REPORTS.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; which were referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing,
when appointed:
Whereas during the lato war none of the Agricul-
tural Reports were distributed in th ("rebellious States;
and whereas sines the peace there is a great demand
for them fcy loyal people engaged in agricultural
pursuits in that section of the country: and whereas
it is to the interest of the Government that the agri-
cultural interests should be encouraged in every
section of the country; and whereas the Committee
on Printing have recommended in aresolution which
was adopted by this House the printing of the same
number of the Reports as were ordered to be printed
of the Report of the year 1865, which are entirely
inadequate to meet the legitimate demands of the
people engaged in this pursuit: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be, and
are hereby, requested to order fifty thousand copies
of the Agricultural Report for 1866 to be printed in
addition to those recently ordered by the House,
twenty thousand for the use of the Agricultural De-
partment, and the balance for the use of the members
of this House for distribution.
JURISDICTION OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MORRELL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any and what further
legislation is neeesary to give the courts of theUnited
States jurisdiction over offenses committed upon
other waters than the high seas, and to report by Dill
or otherwise.
ASSAY OFFICE AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill to establish an
office for the assay of gold and silver at St.
Louis, Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures
when appointed.
PAYMENT OP THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the proposition that the war debt
of the country should be extinguished by the genera-
tion that contracted it is not sanctioned by sound
principles of national economy, and does not meet
the approval of this House.
The question was upon seconding the call for
the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the previous
question shall not be seconded will it be in
order to move to refer this resolution to the
Committee of Ways and Means when ap-
pointed?
The SPEAKER. That motion will then be
in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the call for
the previous question will not be seconded. I
do not think it is proper to commit the House
to the doctrine enunciated by this resolution
without some investigation by a proper com-
mittee.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a
division, there were—ayes 26, noes 55.
So the previous question.was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means when appointed; and upon
that motion I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the operation
thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL EXAMINERS FOR PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. MYERS. Under the call of States for
resolutions is it in order to introduce a bill ?
The SPEAKER. Under the call of States
for resolutions, bills or anything else can be in-
troduced and'acted upon without debate, under
the operation of the previous question; except
that if the bill contains an appropriation, and
the point of order is made, it must be referred
to the Committee of the Whole. If the pre-
vious question should not be seconded, and the
bill gives rise to debate, then it will go over, as
a simple resolution would, under the rule.
Mr. MYERS. I then introduce a bill to
increase the force in the Patent Office, and for
other purposes; and if there is no serious
opposition I shall ask that the bill be acted
upon now.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill was then read at length. The first
