1867.
HEl GONG-RESSIONAL GLOBS.
Joint Committee on the Library—Ruther-
ford B. Hayes of Ohio, John D. Baldwin of
Massachusetts, and John V. L. Pruyn of
New York.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Stephen
F. Wilson of Pennsylvania, Benjamin P.
Hopkins of Wisconsin, and William S. Hol-
man of Indiana.
To Jill vacancy on Joint Committee on Re-
trenchment— Mai-tin Welker of Ohio, and
George A. Halsey of New Jersey.
Special Committee on Niagara Ship-Canal
—Burt Van Horn of New York, Burton C.
Cook of Illinois, Thaddeus Stevens of Penn-
sylvania, William B. Washburn of Massachu-
setts, and William Mungen of Ohio.
Select Committee on Clothing Destitute Sol-
diers—Norman B. Judd of Illinois, William
A. Pile of Missouri, and Amasa Cobb of Wis-
consin.
printing paper.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Congressional Printer be, and
he is hereby, directed to inform this House: 1. What
amountofunusedprintingpaper of class one and two
was on hand at the Government Printing Office on
the 1st of November last. 2. What amount of paper
of the above elasscs was used at said office during the
month of November, December, and January, re-
spectively. 3. What amount of either of the above
clashes of paper, if any, was ordered subsequent to
the date first named, to ivit: November 1, up to the
meeting of Congress in December last. 4. Andifany
such orders were given, the difference in cost to the
Government between the weight thus furnished and
the prices then paid, and those in force under the
last contracts for paper.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill making appropriations for
the Department of Education; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
appropriation of §9,400 for salaries of the
Commissioner of Education and his clerks,
and S6.000 for furnishing the offices and for
stationery.
Mr. RANDALL. As this is an appropria-
tion bill, I think it should go to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules, so that the bill may be considered at
this time. We passed at the last session a law
establishing the Department of Education; and
I understand that this morning the name of the
Commissioner has been sent to the Senate. _ It
will be necessary to make this appropriation
in order to furnish the offices in the Depart-
ment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the motion to sus-
pend the rules debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not if objection is
made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
The question was taken upon the^ motion to
suspend the rules; and upon a division there
were—ayes 51, noes 35.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 62, noes 38.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that an appropriate
committee to examine and consider this bill?
The SPEAKER. The committee can take
cognizance of any matter referred to them by
the House. , _ .. . „
Mr. RANDALL. Can the Judiciary Com-
mittee report an appropriation bill ?
The SPEAKER. Any committee can report
an appropriation bill if so directed to do by the
House. . '
Mr. RANDALL. I think it better be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
.when appointed.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, when appointed, and to be printed.
MILEA6E OF MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires at this
time to submit a question to the House. By
the law to be found on page 122 of the Digest
it is provided that mileage shall be paid to mem-
bers of Congress for only two sessions of any
one Congress, and that it shall be paid at the
commencement of each regular session. This
is the first regular session of the Fortieth Con-
gress. The law declares that the money for
mileage shall be paid at the commencement of
each regular session. By the law of the last
session, providing for the assembling of the
Fortieth Congress, immediately after the ex-
piration of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, it is
declared that no person who was a "member of
the previous Congress shall receive any com-
pensation as mileage for going to or returning
from the additional session of Congress pro-
vided for by that law. Now, members of this
Congress who were members of the last Con-
gress cannot be entitled to receive additional
mileage for this additional session. But the
previous and unrepealed law seems to declare
that one of the two mileages for the term shall be
paid at the commencement of each regular ses-
sion. And as the law requires the Speaker to
certify to the accounts for mileage after they
shall have been audited and passed upon by
the Committee on Mileage, the Chair would
ask that the question in regard to mileage be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary for
examination and report.
No objection was made.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Speaker be instructed to $>-
pointsuch ofthestanding committees as have not yet
been named, and that in appointing thesaid commit-
tees he is authorized, at his discretion, to constitute
any of them by omitting for thepresent not exceeding
two members from either of tiiem, including, in such
omission if he thinlrs proper, the name to stand first
on the list; the vacancies to be filled by appointment
from among members "who may hereafter take their
seats from States entitled to representation which
have not yet held their elections.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Scdexck,] the
Chair will state that the appointment of com-
mittees, as is known to all members, is the
most delicate, perplexing, and responsible of all
the duties imposed upon the occupant of this
chair. When the appointments are completed
the Chair is painfully conscious of the fact that
he has not satisfied every member of the House,
and he finds it difficult, in the geographical and
political cast which must be given to the com-
mittees. to even satisfy himself Entirely.
But the Chair entertains the belief that if a
resolution of the character proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] should
be adopted, his perplexities would be increased
tenfold. If, in the appointment of the com-
mittees, lie should leave vacant tlie place
of chairman of any committee3 it would be
a notice to the House that he expected certain
persons to be elected from the States not now
represented in this House, from whom he
might select such chairman. In that expecta-
tion of course the Chair might be "isaP"
pointed, and his embarrassments would be
thereby increased. _
The Chair on a former occasion stated his
indisposition to appoint any committees except
such as are absolutely accessary to carry on
such business as will come up during the bnet
period this session of Congress may be expected
tn list knowing the embarrassment that would
result through the entire Congress if the com-
mittees were all to be*appomted, with six or
seven of the States^not yet having elected their
Representatives to this House. The Chair is
bound, of course, as the servant of the Hou.se
to obey the orders of the House; -but the Chair
has already stated, privately, to the gentleman
frojn Ohio [Mr. Sohesok] that in his opinion
it would increase his difficulties greatly if he
should be required to appoint all the commit-
tees at this time.
Mr. SCHBN CK. My object is not to em-
barrass the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands
the gentleman. There are embarrassments
either way, as the Chair understands.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me to be very
difficult to get along with our business without
any committees.- We are referring business
continually to committees, when appointed. We
have no standing committees now, with certain
exceptions. I suppose the Clerk did not read
my resolution so that the House could under-
stand it clearly. The object of the resolution
is to enable the Speaker to appoint the standing
committees, leaving it to his discretion to omit
one or two members from any committee, either
at the head or the tail or in the middle, so that
hereafter, when members shall have been
elected from States which have not yet held
their elections, vacancies may be filled. Let
me say that one trouble which now embarrasses
us is, that while business is accumulating upon
the committees when appointed, we have gen-
tlemen here fully competent for their places as
clerks of those committees, and we do not
know whether to tell them to go home or to
stay here. All the other employes about the
House are in the receipt of compensation) but
those members who expect to be on committees
are unable to tell these men what they shall do
under these circumstances. I confess that I do
not see the embarrassment of which the Chair
speaks, although of course he is the best judge
of that. I think he might, at his discretion,
leave off one or two members of committees to
be appointed hereafter.
If the resolution is objected to by any mem-
ber, I shall not move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I am -not sure whether
the Committee on Enrolled Bills has yet been
appointed.
The SPEAKER. That committee was ap-
pointed this morning.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to the resolution of
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will not press it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he knows there are embarrassments each way;
but he has thought, on consideration, that it
would be the least embarrassment for us to go
on in the way we are now doing.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would inquire whether
an arrangement might not be made by which
the committees should be appointed tempora-
rily, to expire with the present session of Con-
gress?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana that if he were
appointed temporarily on a committee, he would
expect to be appointed permanently on the
same committee.
CONTINGENT FUND OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer the resolution which I send
to the Clerk's desk, and before it is read I wish
to say that if the House concludes to raise
such a committee, I do not desire to be ap-
pointed chairman of it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of five members
be appointed by the Chair, whose duty it shall be to
consider and reviseo-ll the resolutions and laws
ing the expenditure of the contingent and other fun as
of this House, and to report by bill a substitute for all
of them whicii shall better guard/the interests of this
tTaiksa and country in such matters, unless, alter
Svestigation said Sommittco shall think the exist-
ing laws and resolutions sufficient. And the better
to enable said committee to perform their duty m the
premises they shall have power to send for and
examine persons and papers.
Mr. CULLOM. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
