1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill should in this respect conform to the bill
to which this is amendatory, which requires
only a majority of the votes cast at the election
to give validity to the proposed constitution.
This is in direct conflict with the act of March
2, and^ I wish to ask the chairman whether the
committee did not direct that it should ia this
respect conform to the provisions of said act ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A motion was
made to insert after the word "or" the word
"all," which was adopted into the language
of the bill.
Mr._ MARSHALL. This requires, then, a
majority of the registered votes to be cast in
favor of the adoption of the constitution?
_ Mr.'WILSON, of-Iowa. That is as I con-
sider it.
_Mr. MARSHALL. Is not that in conflict
with the provisions of the act to which this is
an amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why?
Mr. MARSHALL. Because that only re-
quires a majority of the votes cast at the elec-
tion to give vitality to the proposed constitu-
tion. Now, -what is the object of this change?
Why do gentlemen abandon their own legisla-
tion adopted only a few days ago ?
Mr. BLAINE. Is not the gentleman from
Illinois opposed to instituting a minority gov-
ernment in any of these States ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I am.
Mr. BLAINE. Is not the provision, as it
stands in the bill, the most certain mode to
prevent a minority government?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not see why. I
should prefer very much myself that this bill
had left it as provided in the act to which this
is an amendment. If we must have these mis-
erable mongrel governments fastened on the
country, and can get the Union restored in no
other way, the sooner we are rid of the business
the better. The provision to which I am ob-
jecting can only teud to produce procrastina-
tion and delay in the settlement of these
vexed questions, and seem to be introduced
only to prevent restoration even on the plan
indicated by Congress. It is but fair to sup-
pose that the legislation of the last Congress
on this subject was adopted after mature de-
liberation, the majority having been working
on the subject for nearly two years; and it
looks like trifling upon a very grave question,
or the work of men who are stumbling in the
dark, and know not what they really do want,
to be changing ground every day upon a sub-
ject so vital to the interests of the whole
country.
And now, sir, while I am up I wish to sub-
mit another remark or two. As a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, if I remained
silent it might be taken for granted that I gave
my sanction to this legislation. I do not pro-
pose at this time to enter into a discussion of
the great questions involved in this bill and the
one to which it is an amendment. #I do not
think there is any warrant in the Constitution
whatever for either of them. It seems to me
almost impossible for any gentleman in this
House to suppose for a moment that there is
any authority whatever in the Constitution for
this legislation. During the first six months
of the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress there were not probably ten men on this
floor who assumed or pretended to think that
Congress had any such power, and therefore it
was that we saw during that session a perfect
inundation of amendments to the Constitution.
It was then openly or tacitly admitted that we
had no shadow ol' power to interfere with the
subject of suffrage in the States. The doctrine
that the Union was virtually dissolved by the
war, and the insurgent States reduced to a ter-
ritorial condition, then had very few friends or
supporters on any side of-this Hall. Now we
have legislation, however, which undertakes
to do in these southern States what never here-
tofore has been attempted in any of the Terri-
tories.
Never before in the history of our Govern-
ment I believe has Congress undertaken to
dictate to the people of a Territory, by the in-
40th Cokg. 1st Sess.—No. 5.
tervention of a military commander or other-
wise, the character of the constitution they
should adopt, or to compel them to adopt any
character of constitution. If in reference to
territorial governments it has never been at-
tempted to claim such, powers for Congress,
certainly they could not be claimed in refer-
ence to States. If Congress possesses these
powers now, it had them when the Thirty-
Ninth Congress first assembled. The Consti-
tution has not been changed within that time.
And if these extraordinary powers have ex-
isted, why have they not been exercised; and
why has restoration been delayed until this
time? Why did Congress go on blundering
from month to month, from folly to folly, until
the close of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, before
passing any bill that looked to restoration?
It is undeniable that during all this time it
was tacitly admitted on all sides, and in fact
publicly declared, that Congress had no power
to interfere with the question of suffrage in the
States or to assume the powers that are at-
tempted to be exercised in this bill. Over one
hundred amendments to the Constitution were
offered, and a great part of the first session of
the last Congress was taken up in an attempt to
amend the Constitution so that Congress should
have some such power as is contemplated in
this bill. Congress and the party that now
dominates over this country have manifestly
merely blundered on from one folly and crime
to another until they have reached their present
position. It was neither foreseen nor intended
by them. Having placed themselves in oppo-
sition to the constitutional, reasonable, and
patriotic policy of the President, they were
utterly unable for more than a year to present
any plan of their own looking toward restora-
tion. Having placed themselves outside of the
Constitution, tliey have floundered on from one
folly to another until they have not only de-
stroyed the Union, but are themselves, as a
party, standing on the very brink of destruc-
tion. The clamors of the people for a restora-
tion of their Government cannot be silenced.
Involved in inextricable difficulties by their own
madness and folly in opposing the direct mode
of restoration indicated by the Constitution
itself, forced by the clamors of the people to
adopt some policy or to consent to being driven
in disgrace from place and power, they have in
their fright adopted these measures which it is
impossible that their judgments can approve,
and which they will not dare to defend by ref-
erence to any principles of the Constitution.
The majority have evidently closed their eyes
and shut their ears to all constitutional argu-
ments and considerations, abandoned all the
discussions which they were so fond of indulg-
ing in a year ago, and determined to plunge
blindly into the gulf before them; preferring
that to a return to the constitutional principles
from which they have departed, and reckless
whether it shall or not .bring to ruin and devasta-
tion the noblest fabric of Government ever
devised by man.
In regard to this particular measure I have
only this to say: that the bill of the last Con-
gress having been adopted, and the majority
who now have control of this Government
absolutely having determined to force their
scheme upon the country, I think it is but right
and proper that they should indicate the mode
by which the proposed governments are to be
organized, otherwise, as itisleftby the original
bill, there is danger of a conflict among the
people of the unrepresented States in attempt-
ing to organize under said act. Already in
some of those States some of those wandering
vagabonds calling themselves southern loyalists
are stirring up the negro population to organize
purely negro governments in defiance of the
action of the existing State authorities, and
this may lead to complications and difficulties
of the gravest character. These agitators will
doubtless combine with the negro element, and
form and present constitutions adopted almost
exclusively by the negro population, while the
white men in those States will organize gov-
ernments in which the white element, will pre-
dominate. Now, sir, when that is done, it will
not be difficult to guess which one of theses
governments will be recognized by this loyai
Congress. I have no doubt that the majority
here will prefer the negro's to the white man'?
government. But it will be impossible for me
to give my vote for this or any kindred meas-
ure. I regard this whole legislation as clgarly-
unconstitutional. We are establishing prece-
dents which are dangerous to our institutions,
andwhich must, if followed, lead to their'entire
subversion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As to the question
of power discussed by my colleague on the
committee, I shall accept the determination of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress. All of these ques-
tions were determined by that Congress in the
passage of the act of the 2d of March. As to
the principles involved in that exercise of
power, we have just heard the gentleman's in-
dorsement of them. He refers to the "patri:
otic and reasonable policy" of the President.
Now, sir, if it is patriotic and reasonable, and
if the principles involved in that policy do not
conflict with those established by Congress, we
have the gentleman's indorsement .of the very
principles embraced in the act of March 2, and
embodied in the bill before the House. The
President, in his "patriotic and reasonable
policy," undertook to go into the rebel States
and determine who should and who should not
vote. Now, it is the great source of complaint
with the gentleman from Illinois that Congress
by the act of March 2 undertook to regulate
the elective franchise within the States; but
while the complaint is still resting upon his
lips he gives his hearty indorsement of the
patriotic and reasonable policy of the Pres-
ident, whereby the Executive undertook to
exercise the precise power that Congress exer-
cised when it passed the act of March 2,1867.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
permit me a moment, I do not understand that
the President of the United States ever under-
took to settle the question of suffrage in the
States. But let me state what I intended in
referring to the policy of the President. There
are many things done by the present Executive
which I do not indorse, including probably
some things in regard to the southern States.
But that portion of the policy of the President
which I do indorse, and which I believe would
have brought peace to the country and resto-
ration of the Union, is simply this: that the
southern States ought to have been recognized
..as States in the Union, never out of it; and
when they sent loyal representatives to Con-
gresss, who, according to any rule prescribed
by the Congress, were entitled to be admitted,
who could honestly in good faith take the oath
required of every member whether coming
from the North or South, such members ought
to have been admitted.
But others who could not take the oath, and
who were not qualified according to the rules
prescribed, would, in pursuance of that pol-
icy, have to go home and fell their constit-
uents, "We were refused admission, not be-
cause our State was in any sense out of the
Union, not because you are not entitled to
representation in Congress, but because I am
personally disqualified. When you elect men
who are free from these personal disqualifica-
tions under the laws as they now exist, those
men will be admitted. Until you do so your
seats in Congress will remain vacant, to_ be
occupied whenever j'ou send representatives
personally qualified to take them." The peo-
ple would then have understood that they
would have to return loyal men, the whole
question of restoration would have been de-
cided, and the Union restored long ago. That
portion of the policy of the President 1 do
indorse, and I think a departure from it has
led the majority here into all the difficulties
into and through which they have been blun-
dering and stumbling over, under and in de-
fiance of the Constitution of their country.
This policy of the President and of Constitu-
tion-loving conservative masses of the coun-
try would have given us union, peace, fra-
