1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#7
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 27, not voting
16 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Denjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwoll, Brom-
well, Buckland, Butler, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom,
Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly,Driggs, Eekley, Farnsworth,
rerris3, Ferry, Fields, Einnoy, Garfield, Gravely,
Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, jiELulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laiiinv
George Y. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, rolsley, Pomeroy,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Stewart,Taffe,Taylor,Thomas,Trowbridge,Twitcheil,
Upson, \ran Aernam,Burt Van Horn, Robert!. van
Horn, van Wycki Ward, Cadwaladcr C.Washburn,
Henry IX Washburn, William B.Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James 1. Wil-
son, John T.Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—117. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boj'er, Burr.Chan-
ler, Denison, Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Haight,
Ilolman, Humphrey, Kerr, Marshall, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Niblack, Noell, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Tabor, Van Auken, Van Tromp,
and Wood—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Brooks, Broomall,
. Cake.Covode, Egeleston, Eliot, Fox, Lynch, McCul-
loch, Mercur, Nicholson, Pike, Selye, Sitgreaves,
and Stone—10.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
bill as just passed be printed. It may be
necessary for the information of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. GARFIELD asked and obtained leave
of absence for the remainder of the present
week.
withdrawal os" papers.
Mr. GARFIELD asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Miss Sue Murphy.
revenue-cutter service.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to report to this House the expenses in-
curred for the revenue-cutter service lor the last
fiscal year; also the value of all seizures made by
revenue-cutters, and all fines, penalties, and for-
feitures that have accrued therefrom during said
period.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
sympathy and aid for ireland.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following preamble and
resolutions:
Whereas the Government of Great Britain did, so
soon as an armed rebellion appeared within the
limits of the United States, hasten to accord to the
rebels belligerent rights, and thereafter, during the
whole course of the war, continued to give moral and
material aid to the same, furnishing them with arms,
munitions, and vessels of war, inflicting thereby in-
calculable injury upon our foyeign commerce nnd
gre;i,tly increasing our sacrifices of men and money
hi the suppressi6n of the rebellion ; and whereas the
said Government of Gicat Britain has hitherto re-'
fused to p.'iy the Government of the United btatcs
for any part of the enormous damage so inflicted
upon the commerce of the United States: and whereas
the Irish people, after having suffered for centuries
the burdens of a hereditary aristocracy, an estab-
lished church, and a system of laws designed expressly
tor their impoverishment, have at last risen in rebel-
lion and me now waging a gallant, though unequal
eonte«t with the Government of Great Britain:
That the profoundest sympathies of the
American people are enlisted in behalf ot the people
of Ireland in their efforts to establish a republican
government, in Ireland upon the basis of universal
suffrage and a total separation of church and Shire.
jLoW. That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
are hereby instructed to report to this House what
legislation, if any, is necessary to enable the Execu-
tive of the United States to aecord to the people of
Ireland belligerent rights, and generally to enable
the Executive to follow in every particular the pre-
cedents established by Great Britain during the late
rebellion.
-Mr. STEVENS. I objcct.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to suspend the
rules so as to allow the introduction and con-
sideration of the resolutions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
adjourn. *
On the motion, there were—ayes eighty-
three, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, andreferred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of J. C.
Norton and others, of Highland county, Ohio, pray-
ing for a pension to the minor heirs of Pleasant
Stoops, deceased.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 12 wounded sol-
diers who were kept against their will in the United
States hospital at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, five
and seven months after their regiments wore mustered
out'of the service, and then discharged without pay
for the time served after the mustering out of their
regiments, who claim and pray Congress to grant
them fall pay and clothing allowance, &c„ up to the
day of their discharge from the hospital.
Also, the petition of the officers of the Anti-Slavery
Society oi Pennsylvania. prayingCongressto prohibit
the importation into the United States of sugars and
otherarticles of foreign commerce which are theprod-
ucts of slave lahor, &c.
Also, the petition of 24citizens ofNorristown, Penn-
sylvania, late officers of the volunteer United States
Army, praying Congress to pass an act entitling all
officers of thelat.e volunteer Army of theUnited States
who have been commissioned since March 3, 1865,
to the three months' extra pay allowed to all officers
who served as sueh before the passage of said aet,
which act deprives officers from receiving said pay
who were commissioned after the passage of the act
of March 3,1865.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of Mary E. Seag,
asking for compensation for services rendered the
United States during the late war.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of citizens of the city
of Washington, asking for the granting of a charter
for the construction of a railroad from Washington
city to Cincinnati, Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 12, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore^ presented^ a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in
favor of ail appropriation for additional sur-
veys of the Wisconsin river, and for employ-
ing a dredge-boat to ascertain how far it is
practicable to improve that river; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of Wil-
liam H. Kimball, late regimental quartermas-
ter of the eleventh regiment Minnesota volun-
teers, praving to be paid as such from October
10,18R2, to May 18, 1863 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of Henry
A. Palmer and others, bonded elevks in the
United States branch mint at San Francisco,
for increased compensation ; which was re-
ferred. to the Committee on Finance. _
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
officers of the Minnesota and Missouri River
Railroad Company, praying for a grant of land
to aid in the construction of their road ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
J the petition of George L. Elder, second lieu-
tenant, company D, ninety-ninth regiment New
York volunteers, praying that officers of that
reo-iment who served on the 'frigate Congress
when attacked and destroyed by the rebel ram
Merrimac may be compensated for tlieir lossec,
to report it back and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and to move that
it be referred to*the Committee on Claims.
And I desire to say that, upon due considera-
tion, the Committee on Naval Affairs have
come to the conclusion that they will no longer
entertain any cases that are purely or substan-
tially claim cases, but will propose to refer
them in all instances when they shall be com-
mitted to their consideration to the Committee
on Claims, where they properly belong. I trust,
therefore, no more cases of that kind will be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the Joint resolution (S. R.
No.19) to furnish certain arms and equipments
to the State of Tennessee, to report it with an
amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope that resolution will
be considered now.
Mr. WILSON. I trust there will be no
objection to its immediate consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
rer. ,
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, reported a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 21) in reference to the col-
lection and payment of moneys due_ colored
soldiers, seamen, and marines, or their heirs;
which was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a corre-
spondence between the Government of the Uni-
ted States and the Governments of France and
Prussia touching the claim asserted by the lat-
ter to the military service of persons born in
those countries who have since become nat-
uralized under the laws of the United States,
reported a motion to print the correspondence
for the use of the Senate ; and the motion was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 45) for the de-
fense of the northeastern frontier, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 47) to provide for
the adjustment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1S01,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Oregon, in favor of a reciprocity treaty between
the United States and the Hawaiian Govern-
ment, asked to be discharged from its consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
wreck oi" the scotland.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to report a bill to
repeal a joint resolution entitled "A resolu-
tion to provide for the removal of the wreck
of the steamship Scotland," approved January
20, 1867. I ask for its immediate considera-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to hear from
the honorable member a statement of the
reasons why the committee deem it necessary
to repeal the joint resolution referred to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state very briefly.
On the petition of the Board of Underwriters
and the Harbor Commissioners of New York,
Congress at the last session appropriated _ a
sum of money, not to exceed 8100,000, for
the removal of the wreck of the steamship
Scotland from the harbor of New York. Upon
investigation by the engineers, it has been
acertained that the cargo of the Scotland is
very valuable, as is likewise the hull, and that
the owners of the Scotland have already made
! a contract with the wreckers of New York to
! remove the obstacle. This bill merely saves
i §100,000 to the Treasury.
I Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
" Mr. FESSENDEN. That is right; it ought
! to be repealed.
i The bill (S. No. 49) to repeal a joint reso-
1 lution entitled "A joint resolution to provide
for the removal of the wreck of the steamship
Scotland," approved January 29, 1867, was
read three times, and passed.
