1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Sumkek on the
7th instant:
Eesolutions declaring certain further guarantees re-
quired in the reconstruction of the rebel States.
]. Resolved, ThaFCongress, indeclaringby positive
legislation that it possesses paramount authority over
the rebel States, and in prescribing that no person
therein shall be excluded from the elective franchise
by reason of race, color, or previous condiuon, has
begun the work of reconstruction, and has set an ex-
ample to itself.
2. Resolved. That there are oiherthings remaining
to be done, which are as clearly within the power of
Congress as the elective franchise, and it is the duty
of Congress to see that these things are not left
undone. . .
3. Resolved, That among the things remaining to
be done are the five following:
First. The existing governments, which have been
declared to be illegal, must be vacated, so that they
can have no agency in the work ot reconstruction,
and will cease to exercise a pernicious influence.
Secondly. Provisional governments must be consti-
tuted as temporary substitutes for the illegalgovern-
ments, with special authority to superintend the tran-
sition to permancntgovernments, republican inform.
Thirdly. As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the
basis of permanent governments, republican in form,
every possible precaution must be adopted against
rebel agency or influenco in the formation of these
governments. , , . ,
Fourthly. As the education of thejpeople is essential
to the national welfare, and especially to the devel-
opment, of those principles of justice and morality
which constitute the foundation of republican gov-
ernment, and as, according tothecensus, an immense
proportion of the people in the rebel States, without
distinction of color, cannot read and write, there-
fore public schools must be established for the equal
good of all. , , .
Fifthly. Not less important than education is the
homestead, which must be secured to the freedmen,
so that at least every head of a family may have a
piece ofland. .
4. Resolved. That all these requirements are in the
nature of guarantees to be exacted by Congress, with-
out which the United States will not obtain that
security for the future which is essential to a just
reconstruction.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I voted
yesterday against laying these resolutions on
the table, because I was unwilling to terminate
the debate at that time, and because there is
one proposition contained in them that I think
of vital importance. I dissent entirely from
the argument made by several Senators yester-
day, that the act which was passed a few days
ago is to be regarded in the nature of a pledge,
and that we cannot now alter or amend it with-
out a breach of faith. The House of Repre-
sentatives, I understand, has already passed a
bill, which will be here for consideration in a
day or two, proposing to perfect that measure
in several respects; but independent of that,
the offer, as it is called, has not yet beep ac-
cepted by any of the southern States ; it has
not been acted upon by them, no rights have
vested under it. It cannot be regarded in the
nature of a contract, because that takes two
■ parties, one to propose and the other to accept,
Consequently it is entirely competent for Con
gress to alter, amend, modify, or even repeal
that bill without dishonor or breach of faith.
While there is much in the resolutions of-
fered by the Senator from Massachusetts that
I cannot approve, I desire to say that I do
approve most fully what they say upon the
subject of the necessity of providing for the
education of the people of the late rebel States.
X think that is of vital importance, not only to
them, but to the whole country, and that we
of the North are as much interested in it^ as
they of the South. They are to be our assist-
ant law-makers, to join with us in electing Sen-
ators, Representatives, Vice Presidents, and
Presidents, and we are to be affected by their
competency or incompetency to exercise the
right of suffrage. The bill which we^ have
passed will probably bring to the polls in the
fate rebel States not less than seven hundred
thousand new voters, of whom but a small pro-
portion can read and write; and of the white
people of the South it is well known that a
large portion cannot read and write. When
you add to the number of whites who cannot
read and write the whole number of colored
people who cannot read and write, you will
find that both classes in that category will
probably constitute a full half, if not more, of
all the voters in the rebel States under the late
act of Congress. . . ,
Sir, the opposition which has existed m the
North to conferring the right of suffrage upon
the. freedmen of the South has arisen ihore
from the consideration of their ignorance, their
want of education-, than from any prejudice on
the subject of color. I think I speak advisedly
on that subject. Of the people in the South
who can read and write, of the educated classes,
an overwhelming majority have been rebels,
and are now rebels in feeling and sympathy.
Not only are they rebels, but the educated
classes own and hold nearly all the property,
and they will control these new State gov-
ernments. Intelligence has always prevailed
against numbers, and always will; and legis-
late as you may the present educated classes
of the people of the South will control the new
State governments, and they will continue to
do so until you educate all the other classes of
the southern people. If you expect to take
these new organizations out of the hands of
the rebel classes of the South, it -must be done
by educating all the other people lliere. It is
well known that a large number of southern
men, especially those who have been slave-
holders, have been in favor of colored suffrage
for months past. They have been in favor of
it upon the ground that their late slaves are
ignorant and that they can control them:
That they will be able to do this to a large
extent we cannot deny, and the only way in
which we can take the control of the colored
people of the South out of the hands of their
late masters is by educating them.
The Constitution requires "that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government."
Sir, that guarantee cannot be executed in the
southern States unless the people of these
States are educated. We cannot maintain and
execute that guarantee where one half or four
sevenths of all the voters can neither read nor
write. It is of the very essence of reconstruc-
tion that these people shall be educated. We
cannot expect successfully to carry on loyal
State governments in the South and to recon-
struct society upon a permanent basis of loy-
alty unless there shall be a system of common
schools established open and free to all, without
distinction of race or color.
It has been said by several Senators with
whom I have conversed that we must leave this
matter to the people of the several States.
Why, sir, it has always been to the interest of
the people of the South that they should edu-
cate the poor whites, but they have not done
it. The leading classes kept them in ignorance
because they could thereby the more readily
control them, and the educated classes of the
South will now refuse to establish voluntarily
a system of common schools, especially when
they hold the property, and the taxes neces-
sary to be raised for that purpose must be col-
lected off their property. They will never do
it unless they are coerced to it by the terms of
reconstruction. Sir, we cannot reasonably
expect, we have no right to expect, that these
men will come forward voluntarily and estab-
lish a system of common schools to be sup-
ported by taxation, when the rebel educated
classes hold the property and will have to pay
tliG ttixes.
It has been said by one or two Senators with
whom I have conversed on this subject.that it
will be time enough to raise this question when
these States come here with their constitutions.
I say, sir, not so. Let us now lay down all the
conditions that we expect to demand; let us
now prescribe all the terms which we expect
them to comply with in their constitutions. It
will not do when they come here to say to
them, "Your constitutions are not complete,
because they contain no provision upon the
subject of education." That will require them
to go back to the people, and will involve the
calling of new conventions. That might per-
haps, be properly regarded as a breach of faith.
Let us now prescribe all the conditions that we
mean to require them to comply with. _ If we
intend to require them to insert a provision m
their State constitutions making it obligatory
upon their Legislatures to establish & system
of common schools, open and free to all, with-
out regard to race or color, now is the time to.
prescribe it, and not when they have "formed
their constitutions, and come here arid ask
their acceptance and for an admission of rep-,
resentation under them.
Now, sir, have we not a perfect right to
make this requirement of them? If we. Jiaye
a right to require that they shall establish uni-
versal suffrage in their constitutions, we have
an equal right to require them to make some
provision to qualify men to exercise the right
of suffrage. The education of the people is
essential to the execution of the guarantee that
we shall secure to each State a republican
form of government: it is indispensable to
the success of republican government; and
we cannot hope for successful reconstruction
except upon the basis of making provision for
the speedy education of all the people of the
South. We cannot leave this to the gradual
progress of events. We have brought to the
polls by the late act of Congress some seven
hendrea thousand men who but three or four
years ago were slaves, most of them plantation,
slaves, but very few of whom can read and
write. The condition of the country has made
it necessary that they should be suddenly
brought to the polls, and without previous
preparation by education ; and now that it is
done, it is a matter of the first importance to
the people of this country that we -make pos-
itive provision for the education of these men.
It is due to them and it is also due to our own
people that this should be done. We cannot
afford to trust to chance upon so important a
point. I therefore deem that part of the res-
olutions of the Senator from Massachusetts as
of vital importance, and if it is competent for
us to pass a supplementary bill to perfect the
reconstruction bill passed but a few days ago,
it is competent for us to put into that bill this
proposition contained in the resolutions o f the
Senator from Massachusetts. The importance
of it cannot for one moment be overestimated.
Something was said in the discussion of
yesterday with regard to the status of the rebel
States. I do not know that it is pertinent to
this discussion to argue that question. I can
only say that on that point I have always dif-
fered from the Senator from Massachusetts ; I
have always believed that these rebel States
were States in the Union, but with illegal and
unauthorized governments, and I have never
seen any necessity for what is called the terri-
torial theory. Congress from the first has had,
under the Constitution, all the powers necessary
forthe work of reconstruction, without treating
these States as conquered provinces and as
having been reduced to a territorial condition.
The rebellion was suppressed upon the theory
that they were States whose people were in
insurrection. Acting on that theory, at the
close of the war we found these States without
government of any kind; and the jurisdiction
of the Government of the United States at-
tached, and it has not yet been discharged.
We are bound to guaranty republican forms of
government to ail these States, and when we
found ten States without governments at all
our jurisdiction attached at once, and it can
only be discharged by the full and successful
establishment of republican State governments.
But, sir, to come back to the main question,
can we hope to do that successfully, can we
hope to execute that guarantee to the satisfac-
tion of tlio people of this country if we shall
fail to make provision for the speedy and cer-
tain education of the people of all the rebel
States ? . r r 1
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, for one I feel
very much obliged to the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] for bringing back into this
Chamber this ghost of Banquo. I am obliged
to him because I was not at all satisfied with
the way in which it was dismissed yesterday.
I was obliged to vote against laying these reso-
lutions upon the table; and, as it happened, I
was obliged to vote so without offering to the
Senate a single reason which controlled me in
giving that vote; and the debate had taken
