72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
erroneous, and that the gentleman, misappre-
hended the facts in the ease. I refer to that
portion which states this claim to be fraudu-
lent. That statement certainly is erroneous;
and fairly implies that either the committee
which reported the bill were grossly imposed
upon or favored a claim which they knew to be
fraudulent. The statement that the bill passed
without any discussion might convey the im-
pression that the committee sought some pecu-
liarly favorable opportunity for putting the bill
upon its passage. In reply, I can only say that
the bill was called up upon the first and only op-
portunity of which, under the rules, they could
avail themselves.
I will say, however, in justice to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, as he has requested me
to do so, that the language he quoted from the.
decision of the Supreme Court in 15 Howard,
so far as I have had an opportunity to examine
it, is correct. I have not given the language
of the opinion careful attention from want of
time, but the gentleman assures me that he
used the language of the Supreme Court in the
opinion as delivered by Justice Nelson. From
the examination I have made, connected with
the gentleman's assurances to me, I am willing
to say that his quotations are correct. I must
be permitted, however, to say, sir, that from my
recollection of the case cited by the gentleman,
the decision was based solely upon the ground
of jurisdiction.
  ie ave op absence.
On motion of the SPEAKER, by unanimous
consent, indefinite leave of absence was granted
to Mr. Niblack.
ii. d. si'kinney.
On motion of the SPEAKER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of H. D. McKinney.
iieir8 of jonn e. bouligny again.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
leave to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I do not suppose it was the intention
of the gentleman from Vermont to attribute to
me the offering of a resolution which contained
a falsehood, though I confess his language
bears that construction. I find it reported in
the Globe as follows:
"Mr. "Woodbridgf,. I object. The facts stated in
tho resolution are not true.
" Mr. Washbckn, of Wisconsin. I am perfectly
familiar with this case, and I am certain that the
facts stated are true."
And I reiterate here to-day that every fact
stated therein is true. I served on the "Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims four years, and
this is an old acquaintance of mine ; and I
will say to the House a more fraudulent claim
was never presented to the Congress of the
United States. If gentlemen will only read the
decision of the Supreme Court referred to they
will see that it is a fraudulent claim.
The bill passed not merely sanctions this
claim to the amount of seventy-five thousand
acres of land, but a claim to the amount of
four hutdred and fifty thousand acres and
other claims will be legalized, which will require
millions on millions of acres to satisfy them.
But let me read what the gentleman from Ver-
mont said further:
"Mr. Woodbridoe. I was a member of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims which reported this
ease to the last Congress, and I state that the facts
set forth in the preamble to this joint resolution are
not true."
That, sir, was pretty rough language, and if
the House will indulge me briefly I think that
I shall not only be able to show that it is true,
but that it was my duty, not only to .bring the
ma'tter to the attention of the House, but to
endeavor to arrest, as far as I could, the execu-
tion of a law, founded as I knew upon an entire
misapprehension of fact3 and one that is grossly
unjust to the people of the United States.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I must
object to the gentleman going into a history of
the case upon a mere personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to justify myself, and show to the House that I
did not offer a resolution that was false.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has unanimous consent to make a per-
sonal explanation; the Chair therefore cannot
restrain any explanation bearing directly upon
the joint resolution which he desired to intro-
duce yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I intend
to confine myself to this resolution, and to show
that I did not state in the preamble things that
were untrue. I wish, as I said before, to state
the history of this case.
The first time it ever appeared before Con-
gress that I am aware of was in the Thirty-
Fifth Congress. I was then a member of the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and the
Hon. Mr. Sandige, of Louisiana, a very fair and
honest man, was chairman of that committee,
and one well versed in Louisiana land claims,
and he considered it so fraudulent that he did
not think it worth a report; but he signed a
paper, which I joined him in signing, and it
was put on file, calling attention to the fact
that it. had been fully adjudicated by the Su-
preme Court of the United States and declared
fraudulent and void. That paper was left on
file.
In the Thirty-Sixth Congress the Committee
on Private Land Claims was constituted of
such patriots as Thomas Hineman of Arkan-
sas, George Hawkins of Florida, William F.
Avery of Tennessee, and Mr. Bouligny, the
gentleman whose heirs are interested in this
case, was also on the committee. At the re-
quest of Mr. Bouligny the papers in the case
were given to General Hineman.' According
to my present recollection he wrote the report,
although in consequence of his absence from
tho city it was submitted to the House by a
member from the State of Missouri. The re-
port was adopted in the committee by a ma-
jority of a quorum when I was absent, and it
was passed through this House without objec-
tion, having been called up one morning just
after the reading of the Journal, when no one
was listening, by Mr. Davidson, of Louisiana, a
venerable, gray-haired man, who walked with a
crutch, and to whom the House was very kindly
disposed. It is the report made on that occasion
that has produced all the mischief since; for I
find that in all reports and speeches that have
been made since the statements of that report
are adopted. That report was made just be-
fore the breaking out of the rebellion, and a
number of the members of the committee no
doubt thought they were doing good service in
robbing the Government of all they could be-
fore leaving it. It went from here to the Sen-
ate, and was pending there, and was being
pressed there with great pertinacity at the time
the southern States seceded, and up to the time
of the adjournment of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress.
Now, great credit has been claimed for Mr.
Bouligny, because while others were faithless
he remained here faithful. I give him great
credit for his patriotic conduct, and would not
detract one iota from the merit which properly
belongs to him on account of the course he
pursued On that occasion. But it is not im-
proper that facts should be stated. The public
can draw such inferences as they choose from
the facts.
When the associates of Mr. Bouligny with-
drew from this Hall a bill was pending in the
Senate, and which, as I have said, was being
urged there with great pertinacity, which was
to give him and his friends four hundred and
fifty thousand acres of land. -Well might he
rise in his place and declare that he would
stand by the flag. But, sir, I never heard,
although he stood by the flag, that he ever
raised a finger in its defense. Nor will I in-
timate that he was influenced in any way by
the fact that he was to get by remaining here a
land grant amounting to four hundred and fifty
thousand acres. I merely state facts, and will
draw no inference, certainly none prejudicial
to the good name of a man who uttered patri-
otic words grateful ftr us then to hear; and we
did not care to inquire then, nor do I now, as
to motives.
But to come back to the origin of this claim,
if claim it may be called. Sir, it is a part of
the Mississippi scheme; it is a part of that grant
said to have been made by the King of France
to John Law and his associates, known by his
connection with the South Sea bubble, and if
there was any validity in that grant, as this act
declares, then, sir, tens of millions of acres
will not satisfy it. This claim purports to have
been the Western or Mississippi Company, and
had its origin in 1717, just one hundred and
fifty years ago; and in the following year it is
claimed that said Western or Mississippi Com-
pany sold this tract in question to one Paris
Duvernay; and it is alleged that said Duvernay,
by his agent, forty-seven years afterward sold
it to Bernard d'Autrive, the ancestor, as it is
claimed, of J. E. Bouligny. The Supreme Court
say in their decision (14 Howard) that d'Au-
trive died in 1769, leaving four sons, the last
one of whom lived until 1820, and yet, say the
court, these sons never set up any claim for
this land during their lifetime; but in 1885
Congress passed an act authorizing registers
and receivers to examine and report upon pri-
vate' land claims. This act operated as an
invitation to fish up many old claims, and then
it was that this claim first took any form,
although one hundred and seventeen years had
elapsed since its origin. The register and
receiver recommended the confirmation of the
claim; and one reason they assigned therefor
was that the land was nearly or quite all swamp
and valueless. The case was reviewed by Hon.
M. Burchard, Solicitor of the General Land
Office in 1836, and he declared that the claim
was invalid and void.
Again, Congress passed a law in 1844 au-
thorizing private land claimants to go into the
United States courts, and this case was heard
in the district'court for Louisiana, and a decree
entered in favor of its validity. I have not
been able to find that the case was contested
before that court, but it was brought before the
United States court and a full hearing had, and
such action taken as I have declared in the res-
olution.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] is now constrained to say, as an act
of justice to me, that I have correctly stated
in the resolution the decision of the Supreme
Court, but thinks there are other errors of
statement in the resolution; but he does not
point them out. Let us see if it be so. What
says the resolution? It declares that Judge
Nelson, in delivering the opinion of the court,
says that there is no record evidence either at
Paris or New Orleans showing the existence
of any such claim, though the archives had
been diligently searched to find such evidence.
He further says that "there is not the slightest
ground for the" claim setup" to a tractof land
running back to Atchafalaya, and that by no
grant or Survey could the parties claim over
twenty-five hundred or three thousand acres,
instead of nearly half a million. So much of
the resolution, then, the gentleman admits to
be true. Well, what further does it say? Sim-
ply thatHon. M. Burchard, Solicitor ofthe Gen-
eral Land Office in 1838, reviewed the case and
pronounced it void. The gentleman will not
deny that, and if he does I only have to refer
himtoSenateDocumentNo. 197, secondseasion
Twenty-Fifth Congress, and he will there find
it. The only remaining statement of fact is,
that the claims originated in 1717, and he cer-
tainly will not deny that, for if he does I have
only to refer him to the report of his own com-
mittee. I think I have said enough to show
that there is no error of statement in that res-
olution. Now, Mr. Speaker, this claim, if it
originated at all, originated, by the showing of
this committee, just one hundred and fifty years
ago. The claimant, Bernard d'Autrive, died
ninety-eight years ago, leaving four sons, the
last of whom died about 1820, the Supreme
Court say.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Vermont to
