1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft
his letter charged that the claim was an un-
just and illegal one; but it gave no facts upon
which I could found my own opinion on the
subject. When I received his letter I went at
once to the seat of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, but found that
he was out of town. I then showed it to Mr.
Hotchkiss, of New York, a member of the
committee, who examined it and informed me
that he did not agree with my colleague as to
the merits of the case. I had no knowledge
of the facts of the case, and no opinion on the
subject, and I therefore put my colleague's let-
ter in my des"k, resolved that when the bill
came before the House for action I would send
it to the Clerk's desk and have it read. But
before the bill came up my colleague arrived
here, and I saw him often on the floor ; and I
took his letter to my room and never thought
of the matter again until my colleague called
the attention of the House to it yesterday.
GOVERNMENT OF REBEL STATES.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution providing for the
expenses of carrying into full effect an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States;" which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I would state that I have
been informed by a major general of the Army
that no part of the appropriation made for the
support of the Army can be applied for this
purpose, and hence the necessity of passing
this joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state that,
this question was considered by the Committee
on the Judiciary in reference to the bill which
was passed yesterday; and we thought best to
leave the question of the ncccssary appropria-
tion to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WOOD. 1 submit that as this joint
resolution contains an appropriation it must
have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
WITHDRAWAL 01? PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Richard A. Smith.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the cases of Norman Wiard, and Olive
Lumphrey.
On motion- of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of William Joslin.
GOVERNMENT OF REBEL STATES—AGAIN.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that it is import-
ant that the joint resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania should pass at
once. I therefore withdraw the point of order
which would require its consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Then the joint resolution
is before the House for its action.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that sufficient money shall be appro-
priated out of the Treasury to defray the ex-
penses of carrying into full effect in all its
parts the act entitled "An act to provide for a
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 186*7, with all acts supple-
mentary thereto.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by adding
" provided the whole amount shall not exceed
$300,000."
Mr. BINGHAM. Say $500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well, I will put it at
$500,000. 1 want to put up the bars some-
where ; otherwise millions of dollars may be
expended.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended,^ was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. MUNGEN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint'resolution was then passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 03? BUSINESS.
Mr. BLAINE. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports.
CLOTHING FOR DESTITUTE SOLDIERS.
Mr. JUDD. The select committee, to whom
was referred the bill of the House No. 19, to
provide for furnishing clothing to maimed and
destitute soldiers, having had the same under
consideration, have directed me to report the
same back with a substitute, and to recom-
mend the adoption of the substitute.
The substitute was read. The first section
authorizes the Secretary of War to furnish
annually one complete suit of clothing to each
invalid soldier who is the inmate of any regu-
larly constituted Soldiers' Home in the United
States out of the stock on hand in the quar-
termaster's department.
The second section provides that such cloth-
ing shall be delivered to the managers of such
institutions upon their requisitions therefor,
accompanied with such certificates as to num-
bers and condition as the Secretary of War
may prescribe.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Jcdd] if the provisions of
this bill will apply to private institutions which
support invalid soldiers ?
Mr. JUDD. I originally introduced a bill
applying simply to the Soldiers' Home in the
city which I represent, the city of Chicago.
That institution was organized as a private
institution, supported by the contributions of
the public. During the last session of our
General Assembly it was made an incorporated
institution. The select committee to whom
that hill was referred considered the matter
of sufficient importance to justify their asking
for the passage of a general law that should
apply not only to incorporated institutions
where maimed soldiers were supported, but
also to private institutions where maimed sol-
diers were supported.
The substitute was then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP BANKRUPT LAWS, ETC.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous coriscnt, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was, under
the law, ordered to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing when appointed :
Resolved, That there be printed for the uso of the
Housofivo thousand extra copies of the bankrupt and
internal revenue acts of the last Congress, to be dis-
tributed ratably among those members of tiio House
who are not entitled to reoeivo copies under the reso-
lutions of the last Congress.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House now proceed to business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. HUMPHREY. ill the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] yield to me to
offer a resolution?
Mr. HOOPER, of- Massachusetts. I hare'
no objection, if it shall give rise to no debate.
Mr. ROSS. I object; the gentleman can
introduce his resolution when the States are
regularly called, and then we can all have a
chance.
The motion to proceed to busifress on the
Speaker's table was then agreed to.'
THANKS TO GEORGE PEABODY. ■
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 1, presenting the
thanks of Congress to George Peabody; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. The
first resolution presents the thanks of Congress
to George Peabody, of Massachusetts, for his
great and peculiar beneficence in giving a
large sum of money, amounting to $2,000,000,
for the promotion of education in the more
destitute portions of the southern and south-
western States, the benefits of which, accord-
ing to his direction, are to be distributed
among the entire population without any dis-
tinction except what may be found in needs or
opportunities of usefulness.
The second resolution provides that it shall
be the duty of the President to cause a gold
medal to be struck with suitable devices and
inscriptions, which, together with a copy of
this joint resolution, shall be presented to Mr.
Peabody in the name of the people of the
United States.
The third resolution provides that a sufficient
sum of money to carry this joint resolution
into effect shall be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. HARDING. As this is an appropria-
tion bill, I raise the point of order that it
should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The joint resolution was accordingly referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. PRUYN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of th©
Union.
The SPEAKER. There are two other bills
on the Speaker's table, both appropriation
bills, and as the same point may be_ raised
upon them, the Chair, if there he no objection,
will, before putting the question on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, lay
before the House those two bills.
There was no objection.
RELIEF OF FREEDMEN IN THE DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) for the relief
of freedmen or destitute colored people in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and sccond time.
The resolution was read at length. It pro-
poses to appropriate $15,000 for the relief of
freedmen or destitute colored people in the
District of Columbia, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Bu-
reau of Freedmen and Refugees.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that this resolution, as it contains an appro-
priation, must be first considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order ; and the resolution will be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
RELIEF OP DESTITUTE IS THE SOUTH.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. iNo. 1GJ for the
relief of the destitute in the southern and
southwestern States; which was read a first
and second time.
The resolution, which was read at. length,
proposes to empower and direct the Secretary
of War to issue supplies of food sufficient, to
prevent starvation and extreme want amougall
classes of the people in those southern and
