76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
southwestern States where a failure of the
crops and other causes have occasioned wide-
spread destitution; the issues are to be made
through the Freedmen's Bureau under such
regulations as the Secretary of War shall pre-
scribe. One million dollars is appropriated
for the purpose, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order, that as this resolution contains an
appropriation it must be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that the
motion will not be agreed to. I trust that we
shall go through with the call of States and
Territories.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House ad-
journ. I think that the less business we do
while we are without committees the better.
relief of freedmen in the district.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] will, I trust, withdraw that
motion for a moment. A few minutes ago I
raised a point of order on the joint resolution
appropriating S15,000 for the relief of desti-
tute colored people in this District. I have
since been informed that great destitution ex-
ists among the colored population here, and
that an appropriation of this kind is imper-
atively demanded by considerations of com-
mon humanity. I therefore withdraw my point
of order. If the Senate has acted on this
matter upon "sufficient information—and it is
to be presumed that such is the fact—the res-
olution, I suppose, ought to pass.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
withdraws the motion to adjourn; and the gen-
tleman from Indiana having withdrawn his
point of order, the joint resolution (S. No. 15)
for the relief of freedmen or destitute colored
people in the District of Columbia will, if there
is no objection, be considered as again before
the House.'
Mr. PRUYN. I thought that action on my
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the consideration
of the resolution of thanks to Mr. Peabody
was simply suspended for the purpose of
reading the other bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoopeb] has renewed the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole;
but pending that mbtiou the gentleman from
New York moved to adjourn; which motion,
as the Chair understands, has been temporarily
withdrawn to allow the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to withdraw the point of order
which ho made.
Mr. PRUYN. It is mortifying to me, as a
member of the American Congress, that any
objection should be interposed to the passage
of the resolution of thanks to Mr. Peabody.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the previous
question on the joint resolution for the relief
of freedmen or destitute colored people in the
District of Columbia.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I now renew the motion that
the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on-the state of the Union.
On the motion there were—ayes 37, noes 60.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmas and
Mr. Faknsworth were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 01.
So the motion was not agreed to,
election contest—bibch VS. van iiobn.
The SPEAKER presented evidence in the
contested-election case of Birch vs. Van Horn,
from the sixth district of Missouri; _ which
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
The call of States was then resumed.
georgetown temperance hall society.
Mr. PLANTS introduced a bill to incorpor-
ate the Temperance Hall Society of George-
town, in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to
be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia when appointed.
amendment of the roles.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee on the Rules:
Resolved, That the select Committee on the Kules
be requested to report as an additional rule of the
House, one which shall contain substantially the
following provisions:
It shall be the duty of every committee to report
to the House, as early as practicable, every bill and
joint resolution referred to such committee, with the
report or recommendation of thccommittee thereon;
and no committee shall fail or neglect to mako such
report unless it shall be rendered impossible for want
of time, But nothing heroin shall change the exist-
ing rules regulating the order in which committees
are called tor reports, or enlarge the two morning
hours now allowed to committees to report.
heirs of john e. bouligny again.
Mr. SPALDING. I submit the following
joint resolution, and demand the previous ques-
tion on it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas during the last houis of the second session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress an act was passed with-
out discussion for the relief of the heirs of John B.
Bouligny, granting to said heirs land warrants for
seventy-five thousand eight hundred and forty acres
of land; and whereas by the solemn decision and
judgment of the Supreme Courtof the UmtedStates,
after full hearing, it was, in the year 1853, adjudged
that the private land claim on whichsaid act is based
was invalid, null, and void; and whereas Mr. Justice
Nelson, who delivered the opinion of the court, de-
clared that there was no record evidence of any such
land grant as was set up, "that none had been pro-
duced, though a thorough examination of the archives
of that date, both at New Orleans and Paris, had been
made, and no records could be found;" and whereas
it was also declared by said Judge Nelson, "that
there was not the slightestground tor the claim set
up" to a tract of land running back from the Missis-
sippi river to the Atehafalaya; and that, at the most,
the petitioners could not claim, under any grant or
survey, over two thousand five hundred or three
thousand acres, instead of about half a million—the
report of which decision is found in 15 Howard's
Reports, pago 11; and whereas said private land
claim, after lull review by Hon. SI. Burchard, Solicitor
of the General Land Office in 1S3S, declared that tlio
same was invalid and void; and whereas said pre-
tended private land claim had its origin in 1717, and
was a part of the celebrated Mississippi scheme with
which John Law, known for his connection with the
South Sea bubble, was a party; and whereas to revive
and legalize this claim will revive and legalize claims
to the amount of many million acrcs; and whereas
there is good reason for believing that said act was
passed under a misapprehension of the facts: There-
fore,
Be it resolved hy the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, tSv., That the Secretary of the Interior bo di-
rected to suspend the execution of said law until the
further order of Congress.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution
bo laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed to ; there being on
a division—ayes 27, noes 65.
_Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Is it in order to
discuss this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr.-SPALDING demanded the previous
question on the passage of the joipt resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 37, not
voting 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Baker, Baldwin,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaino, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Tluckland, Churchill, Reader "W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly; Driggs, Eckley,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Ferry, Fields, Fin-
ney, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding,
Hayes, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, McClurg, Miller,
Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Orfch, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Price, Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Taylor.
Thomas, Twitcheli, Upson, Van Aeruam, Burt Van
Horn, Van Tro'mp, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, JamesF. Wilson, John T.Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom. and Wood-107.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Barnes,
Boyer, Sidney Clarke, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gloss-
bronner, Ha,ight, Kerr, Marvin, Moorhead, Morgan,
Myers, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Phelps, Poland,
Pruyn, Sehenck, Selye, Stevens, Van Auken, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, and Woodbridge—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Banks.
Brooks, Brooniall, Burr, BuUer, Cake, Chanler, Eliot,
Garfield, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, Lynch, Marshall, MeCullough, Mercur, Mor-
rell, Niblaek, Pike, Trowbridge, Van Wyck, and
Henry D. Washburn—26.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the joint res-
olution appropriating 31,000,000 for the relief
of destitute people in the southern States.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 63, noes 43;
and thereupon (at one o' clock and fifty-five min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees;
By Mr. CULLOM: Two petitions of numerous citi-
zens of McLean county, Illinois, asking Congress to
prevent the further withdrawal of legal tenders from
circulation.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 300 citizens of
North Carolina, praying Congress to establish terri-
torial governments for the districts lately in rebellion.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM; The petition of Lieu-
tcnantll. E. Wentworth.fourteenthNew Yorkheavy
artillery, praying Congress for relief.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 13, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in obedience to law,
a statement of contracts made on account of
the medical department of the Army for the
year "1866: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of R.
Johnston and other citizens of Alexandria,
Virginia, in relation to the petition of JohnC.
Underwood and others, and in relation to the
election held in that city Mai eh 5,1867 ; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Alexandria, and of the election commission-
ers at the election held there March 5, 1867,
