1367.
THE CO^GRIS^IO^AL,. GLOBE.
Mr. HO WE. , I want toaddanother thing
to what I have already said. If, it'jvere pro-
posed here that this, mwiey. should be paid by
the Government simply to,.t;h<j Commissioner,
of the Freedmen's Bureau, to be by him paid
to the claimants. I should i-iot have any objec-
tion ; and if it w.ent further than that, and
authorized the;Commissioiier to expend for the
use of the. freedman himself such portions ,of
the money as were, due to those freedmen who
. are drawing supplies, rations, or support in any
way from the Government, I should not have
any objection to it. Butit'goes much further
than, that. It does not direct the Commissioner
to pay this money to any of the claimants ; it
prohibits him in terms from paying it to any
of the claimants, and directs him to deposit
the money in the vaults of an incorporated
company, thus keeping it from the hands and
the possession of those'who are really entitled
to it by law. It is that that I cannot consent
to: and it does not discriminate at all between
those who do draw their support from the
Government and those who do not, between
those who are educated and those who are
not.
Now, I understand something of the infor-
mation which I suppose is in possession of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I understand
something of the cases which I suppose the
Second Auditor had in his mind when he made
this complaint of the difficulty of getting these
moneys into the hands of the true owners. I
understand that there was a regiment, or some-
thing like that, of colored soldiers mustered
out in New Orleans, and that a claim agent
from Washington went down there, represented
himself to be an agent of the Government, had
a messenger dressed up in uniform to aid him,
obtained the discharges of a large number of
those soldiers, brought them up here ; and it
is said that claims were made out in the city
of New York on all those discharges, trans-
mitted-here, and paid by an officer of the pay
department, and paid over to this agent.
Many of the soldiers of that regiment from
whose hands these certificates were kept were
educated men. 1 have seen the letters of one
of them, and he writes a much better hand
than the Senator from Massachusetts or my-
self either, and not only writes a good hand,
but composes well; is evidently an educated
man. Education is no guard, no protection
against such operations as that. It was not
because they were ignorant that they were
defrauded. Education does not protect them
against that. This joint resolution would not..
It might possibly protect them against such a
swindle as that, but it would perpetrate upon
them another injustice just as great. If the
man who owns the money cannot have it, he
would'just as lief a claim agent should have it
as this Freedmen's Trust Company. What
difference does it make to me who has my
money if I cannot have it myself?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that this money is all to be paid over to Gen-
eral Howard, the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. GRIMES. He is obliged to pay it over
to this bank.
Mr. WILSON. He has to deposit it in this
bank; but he has the whole machinery of his
bureau to find out who are the proper parties
who are entitled to it. He is authorized to
send the money to the agents and assistant
commissioners of the bureau in different parts
of the country to be paid there to those who
are entitled to it. The object is to facilitate
these settlements; to pay the money promptly,
and pay it surely.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time:
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that it be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to—ayes eighteen,
noes not counted.
40th Cong. Ipt Sess.—No. G.
MESSAGE FBpM "THE HOUSE
A message from the, House-of
tives, liy M;i\ McPhersox, its Clerk,, announced
that the House had passed, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 15) for the relief of freedmen.
or destitute colored people in the District of
Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Seriate:
A bill (H. E. No. 19)-to clothe the-maimed
and destitute soldiers 5
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 7) providing
for the expenses of carrying iuto full effect an
act entitled '"An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to suspend the
execution of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny.
TREASURY PRINTING BUIiEATT.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the-follow-
ing resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a special committee of three mem-
bers bo appointed' by the President of the Senato,
whose duty it shall be to examine into the conduct
and management of the Printiug Bureau of the
Treasury Department with a view of determining
whether the same may be dispensed with entirely,
or, if continued, whether its expenses can be less-
ened, and what additional safeguards, if any, are
needed to prevent frauds or mistakes in the printing
and canceling of notes and other public securities
of the United States. And said committee shall fur-
ther examine and make report to the Senate at its
next session showing:
1. The amount of all Treasury notes, united States
notes, compound-interest notes, fractional currency,
and bonds an.d other public securities of every kind
and description, which have been printed by said
bureau since its organization and delivered tor use
to the Treasury Department.
2. The denomination, date, number, letter, or
other particular descriptions of each of said notes
and securities signed and issued or negotiated by the
Treasury Department, and the title and date of the
act of Congress under which the issue was authorized.
3. The number and amount of such notes and se-
curities that have been canceled or destroyed by the
Department, the date and cause of cancellation, and
particular description of the note or bond so can-
celed, and whether npgn such cancellation other
issues have been 1n9.de to supply the place of those
destroyed, and if so, a minute description of the
notes and bonds so prepared and issued.
4. The amount of such notes and public securities
now outstanding, with a description of each as the
same may bo ascertained from a thorough inspection
of theregistry books and accounts kept in the differ-
ent bureaus of the Tieasury Department, and if ne-
cessary by an examination of the officers, clerks, and
employes of said Department; and said committee
may in their discretion employ a clerk to keep a
record of said examinations, and assist in the prep-
aration of their report.
DUTIES ON HAWAIIAN YlSSSKTjft.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred House joint reso-
lution No. 2, to authorize the refunding of dis-
criminating duties exacted upon merchandise
imported in Hawaiian vessels, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage, and I should like to
have it considered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as ill Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to remit or refund all duties which
have been assessed since the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1865, on Hawaiian vessels and their car-
goes beyond the amount which would have been
payable on vessels of the United States and
their cargoes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that by the
operation of a proclamation of the President,
dated January 23,1867, Hawaiian vessels were
relieved from the effect of all laws imposing a
discriminating duty upon their tonnage or their
cargoes since December 10, 1866, the date at
which the State Department was officially
notified that no discriminating duties were
exacted by the Hawaiian Government from
UnitedStates vessels. It appears, however, that
the Hawaiian Government has never discrimi-
nated against the vessels of the United States,
but previous to the 10th of December, 1866,
discriminating duties were exacted m several
instances, fro m.Hawaiian vessels and; their- car-
goes in ports of Llie uiiifed Siiates,,:D^cau^eib«t-
facts as to the* action of the Hawaiian Govern-
ment had no.t been officially brought to the
notice of the President, and reeognjzed.by him.
Application is now made to return the discrim-
inating duties, thus exacted ;• and this joint reso-
lution proceeds upon the ground that thiro.ugli
a mistake of the Treasury Department "these"
discriminating duties were exacted* from Ha-
waiian vessels in the ports.' of'the United
States, on the supposition 'that similar diutiea
were exacted by the Hawaiian Governmentfrom
vessels of the United States; but it appears
that such was never the case and hen?e the
application to refund these duties. This is in
accordance with a precedent that was estab-
lished in 1828 as to Prussian vessels.
I am advised that the amount is inconsider-
able. There are two claims now presented to
the Treasury Department amounting to some
seven thousand dollars ; and I understand that
there is another one of small amount that will
probably be presented, so that I do not think
the whole amount will exceed $10,000.
This joint resolution has been passed by the
House of Representatives at the present ses-
sion, and  considered by the Committee on
Finance. That committee are fully gatisfisd
that it ought to. pass, and its. passage is recom-
mended by the Secretary of tlie Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is to carry out a treaty,
is it not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ It is.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reaaing, read the
third time, and passed.
ciungb or a vessel's same.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whoin was referred the bill (S. ISFo.
60) to change the name of the steamboat Pa-
onshun, have directed me to report it back,
and recommend its passage. I ask for its pres-
ent consideration. It simply proposes to allow
the qpme of this vessel to be changed to Ne-
vada.
The bill was, by unanimous consent, consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was read the third time,
and passed.
house bills "referred.
The bill (K. U. No. 19) to clothe the
maimed and destitute soldiers was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 7) provid-
ing for the expenses of carrying into full effect
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efBcientgovernment of the rebel States,"
was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that resolution
ought to go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions ; it is for the appropriation of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Committee
on Appropriations may as well commence
right on these matters. According to the rule,
all general appropriation bills go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations; but special appro-
priations ought to be considered by the appro-
ate committee. I think this is a proper sub-
ject for either the Committee on Finance or
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. _ _
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to ^suspend^the
execution of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny, was read the first time by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that that be re-
ferred to the Committee ou Private Land
Claims. ,
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the second read-
ing of the joint resolution to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can
only have one reading to-day unless by unan-
