86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
M*r. "WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. While he is referring to
the practice of England in reference to appro-
priating money to relieve the oppressed of Ire-
land; does he see any analogy between that
case and this, inasmuch as we have oppressed
and are oppressing the people of the South,
and now propose to distribute alms to them as
a satisfaction or reparation?
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Chairman, I do see an
analogy, an analogy in both ways. We have
oppressed the people of the South as England
has oppressed the people of Ireland, and we
are asked now to contribute a portion of our
abundance to the relief of their necessities just
as England contributed from her abundance
to the relief of the necessities of the Irish peo-
ple whom by her legislation she had oppressed.
Mr. "WOOD. As compensation for political
persecution.
Mr. BOYER. Not as compensation for
political persecution. But I should be glad,
indeed, if the majority in this Congress were
to show a disposition to offer it even as a com-
pensation for political persecution; I should
be glad to see them begin here to make com-
pensation. It may be when they get used to
this form of humanity they will extend it a lit-
tle farther. It may be when they get used to
this their sympathies may go forth, not only to
the relief of the material necessities of the
southern people, but to relieve their political
necessities also. It may be when they get
used to relieving them from starvation they
may extend a helping hand toward them to
relieve them of the military despotism which
has just been fastened upon their necks.
But because the majority of this House will
•not go the whole length this day, it is no reason
why I should refuse my support to a measure
which in some degree does give relief to the
suffering people of the South. I did not ex-
pcet, at least from this side of the House, any
opposition to this proposition. I regarded it as
a practical test to ascertain to what extent th&
prescriptive legislation to which this House
had become accustomed had produced a sort
of ossification of the heart on the part of the-
majority. I thought it was a good measure to
expose the inner lining of their right and left,
ventricles. But I am sorry to say that some
gentlemen on this side of the House, with whom
it has been my custom and pleasure to act on
general matters of legislation, should take a
different view of the subject, and by their opr-
position afford some sort of excuse to the
other side for withholding in this instance the
exercise of their humanity.
Mr. Chairman, the time I trust will come
at some future day when the people of this
country, of all sections, shall again dwell
together in peace and harmony. The time I
hope will come, if not in this generation at
least in the next, when the foundations of our
Government will again rest, as of old, in the
affcctions and confidence of the whole people.
That is the wisest legislation which hastens the
consummation of this end so devoutly to be
wished. That is the noblest as well as the
wisest legislation which exhibits this great
Government as a beneficent agent, clothed
with mercy and magnanimity as well as with
resistless power, able to enforce the authority
of its laws against all opposers, but willing
also to forgive, to protect, and to save.
The passage of this measure will remedy
the partial and halting charity which has
thus far characterized the operation of the
Fseedmeu's Bureau. Its lawful authority does
not at present extend so far as to enable it to
minister to the necessities of any others than
negroes, and those white men who come under
the designation of southern "refugees." Con-
gress has put millions of dollars into the hands
of the Preedmen's Bureau, but prohibited its
distribution for the relief of any other than
these favored classes. This resolution is in-
tended to put $1,000,000 into the hands of
the officers of that bureau, to be distributed
to starving men, women, and children, who
are neither negroes nor refugees. Since we
have the Freedmen's Bureau, let us at least
ingraft upon it this feature of universal in-
stead of restricted humanity. On the other
side of the House I do trust there may be
exhibited a feeling which will be some sort of
answer, as far as it goes, to the imputation cast
upon them, I think with some reason, that their
humanity has become sectional arid political.
I trust gentlemen on the other side, in their
enthusiastic desire to make treason odious will
not include in the category of their penalties
the starvation of any portion of the people of
this country, whether they were formerly en-
gaged in the rebellion or not. I trust that sort
of ossification of the heart * to which I have
alluded may not have proceeded so far that
there is left in their breasts no chord which
will vibrate to any other touch than that of
the negro and the office-holder.
Now, since we have thrown around our na-
tional flag the terrors of power and authority,
and in the exercise of these attributes have har-
rowed the southern land and spread desolation
throughout its borders, and brought starvation
to the doors of its inhabitants, it is fit and
decorous as well as safe to surround our na-
tional emblem with the halo of humanity, and
take again within the shelter of its glorious
folds our countrymen of all sections, parties,
and complexions.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise simply to reply to
a personal allusion. I watched with care the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Boyer.] He has misrepresented my mo-
tives. He has used a term which I think
expresses exactly what is the matter with him-
self. He has got ossification of the brain. If
his mental faculties had been as enlarged as his
heart he would have not found reason to have
made the misstatement of my argument in
order to adoi'n his own elegant speech.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow me
a word ?
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOYER. I desire simply to say that my
friend will never be open to the imputation of
ossification of the brain ; in his caso it will be
softening, not ossification. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Thank you, sir. In that
caso the gentleman will never find that the
intelligence which I have will induce me to
misrepresent a friend.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to say to my friend
that if I have misrepresented him, it was cer-
tainly unintentional, and I ask his pardon. I
trust I may hereafter better understand him. I
shall certainly always be willing when I do
misunderstand and misrepresent him to make
every apology and every honorable amend.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman is very
apologetic. VVe all understand this sort of
thing. We have to make flourishes and points.
I understandthe gentleman's benevolence now
more thoroughly than I did before. All I have
to say in regard to this matter is, that if my
friend has not examined and understood the
channel through which the money appropri-
ated by this resolution has to" pass, and does
not interest himself as to how it is going to
be spent, I believe I do understand it. This
money is to be placed in the hands of a cer-
tain bureau, which was established during the
war for a specific purpose, and which, notwith-
standing all the ornamentation which the gen-
tleman has thrown about it and all the terms
which have been put into the bills which ori-
ginated and continued the Freedmen's Bureau,
has been exclusively intended for the benefit
of the black race at the South. And I spoke
in behalf of that race when I said that so far
as the motive of this resolution went, as it
appeared upon its face, if it was good I was
for it. But, sir, I could not see how the mil-
lions of black men in the South were to be
benefited by so limited an appropriation as this;
and basing my argument upon the niggardness
of the appropriation, I concluded it was merely
meant to keep up the machinery of that bu-
reau. That was my argument. I never as-
sailed the good that might be done by the dis-
tribution of money among the poor and suf-
fering. I only took the ground that because
the appropriation was so limited they did not
intend to do mueh, if any good, except so far
as was consistent with the object of the organ-
ization and maintenance of that bureau. The
gentleman has not advanced one argument to
prove what I said to be unreasonable, but has
assailed my motives. He is welcome to what
he has made of it.
Mr. BOYER. I simply desire to reiterate
that I had no intention of assailing any motive
of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I desire,
with the leave of the committee, to offer a sub-
stitute for the resolution. I move to strike out
all after the ena&ting clause and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the sum of $1,000,000 be appropriated, to bo
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
"VVar, in relieving the widows and children of Union
soldiers starved to death in the rebel prisons of An-
dersonville, Salisbury, Libby, Millen, and Belle Isle.
I do not, sir, object to the resolution before
the committee, nor do I in offering this sub-
stitute mean to foster in the slightest degree
the idea that the money proposed to be appro-
priated by the original resolution will be im-
properly expended. On the contrary, I have
great confidence in the gentleman who is at the
head of that institution commonly called the
Freedmen's Bureau.
I beg leave to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that it is the Bureau of
Abandoned Lands, Refugees, and Freedmen, so
that it covers in its wise and beneficent provis-
ions every loyal and true element in the south-
ern States, and there is no occasion to go
further except as a matter of charity, and I
have been taught to be just before I am gen-
erous. Sir, this resolution calls to mind the
starved and emaciated form of my fellow-
soldiers, as they passed through my hands while
commissioner of exchange of prisoners as they
returned from these deadly prisons, and I have
thereby again been brought face to face with
their widows and children, and until the country
is able to make sufficient provision for them I
am not in favor of putting my hand into the
pocket of the already overtaxed North to be
generous to the untaxed South.
Sir, I do not believe in the principle of this
bill for another reason: while I listened to the
very able report, which I wish the committee
t'o understand was not volunteered by General
Howard, but was drawn out by a resolution of
the Senate, that there may be some sixty
thousand whites and blacks in the whole South
that need relief, yet I do not see how it is that
we are called upon in this form of relief to
step forward and from the Treasury of the
United States make su h an appropriation.
Let me call the attention of gentlemen upon
the other side of the House to this fact: if they
vote for this bill, what becomes of this vaunted
doctrine of State rights? Suppose this war
had not occurred, do you believe that upon any
case of starvation,, either at the South or in
the North, it would have been believed by the
strict constructionists of the Constitution that
Congress had the constitutional power to make
an appropriation for such purpose as this ?
But, sir, I do not for myself take this ground.
I am not one of those who now believe that this
Government would be powerless if it were
expedient and just to aid these men; but I
object to the mode in which the money is pro-
posed to be raised for this objeet. If you will
pardon me a single personal allusion, in refer-
ence to what fell from the lips of my friend
from Indiana, before me, [Mr. Williams.] in
my absence from the House, and what I would
not have dared to have obtruded on the com-
mittee but for that allusion, I will say that I
have had some experience in a like case, for
from the 15th June to the 15th December,
1862, I fed in the department of the Gulf
thirty-four thousand and odd women and chil-
dren, who would otherwise have starved, aud
whose husbands and fathers, many of them,
