88
MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
to stand in the furrow because labor Kas teefn
so high, and if any portion of the'prior people
anywhere or laboring classes toward whom
gentlemen desire to be so generous are sufferihg
the road is broad and op^n to the Northwest,
where the poor arid laboring classes of all clime's
and all complexions are invited by our smiling
prairies. We need' their labor and are ready'to
pay thetn for it, We 'will help them to live until
harvest season, 'we Will alleviate their 'Wants
and allay their sufferings ; but they must'apply
in the proper manner. They must shoSv a
willingness'to work'ahd earn their livelihood
by the sweat of their face as our own people
have always done. Sir, this is not the first
time we have been asked to show our generosity
to this same people. During the war against
traitors 'and rebels, and while we were fighting
the men who sought the life of this nation and
the lives of its defenders, we were feeding and
supporting their wives and children left behind
who were by the fortunes of war cast within
our lines. I have seen many tipaes long lines
of them at the doors of the commissary depart-
ment at different posts receiving food, while
we were fighting their hustands and friends at
the front. They were not then above asking
us to feed them, while they despised us and our
cause, and I have no doubt the same class are
now to be fed under this appropriation. I hear
no complaint on the part of the freedmen or
from any class who have tried to preserve and
protect themselves.
There is a class of people in the South that
never did make bread, and never will, who will
always be starving, and on the bounty of the
Government if we will allow them to becorfte
pensioners. If they had used ordinary indus-
try and had energy they would not to-day "be
in want of assistance to save them from star-
vation. There is no spot on earth more invit-
ing than those southern fields. They are car-
peted in grain, and decorated by the hand of
the Almighty with the rarest and most beauti-
ful flowers. It wants but the well-directed
energy and industry of its inhabitants to make
it as prosperous and abundant as any land the
sun shines upon. Yet it is in this land of
beauty and richness we are asked to feed the
moutlis of sixty thousand people, and while
we are in hot haste to tax our people to feed
them what do we see? In the State of Arkan-
sas a short time ago an appropriation was made
providing for the pensioning of soldiers not
provided for by Congress, meaning the rebel
soldiers, not for the weeping widow and crying
orphan of the Union soldier. No, sir; but
money they could appropriate for the rebel
soldiers, their widows and orphans. So in
other rebel States they have appropriated
money for colleges and schools of a military
character, where treason again can be taught
and made respectable. If these States can
provide money for such purposes, I ask could
they not dole oat a few mouthsful of bread to
the starving people so eloquently appealed for
here to-day.
I could cite many other instances where
money has been provided by their rebel Legis-
latures to promote treason and benefit those
who have eursed the land by steeping their
souls in perjury and their hands in the blood
of Union men; but no instance can I find
where they have shown a willingness to feed
the poor freedman or the poor white man.
Sir, let this Congress, as done heretofore, en-
courage industry, invite these people to come
to the great West, where liberty is known and
loyalty loved, where energy, industry, and
labor is rewarded. If Congress, however, is
to be turned into a charitable institution, to
support all classes of people who do not try
to support themselves, you may then appro-
priate $1,000,000 every month, and the more
you appropriate the more people will be starv-
ing at the end of every month so long as th.ere
is a dollar or a man to pay taxes.
Tell me, sir, that this money is not to go
into the hands and mouths of these people that
attempted to destroy this Government. Buy
your $1,000,000 worth of rations, send them
to :the different posts, to the commanders in
-the different parts "of the South, distribute
your commissary stores to the various officers
"throughout that country, how will they be
issued? They will be issued upon the state-
ments of parties that they have need of them.
Who Will m'ake'these statements? They Will
be mofe likely to bfe miade by the men and
womeh who have attempted to destroy you
atid me than by those who have revered the
flag and loved tli'eir country.
I have seen the families of the men with their
ten thousand broad acres come and ask for
provisions, and I have seen the provisions
given. These men have all manner of devices
to attain their ends. A very common dodge
used to be like this: a lady living on a plan-
tation with her fifty or seventy-five .slaves,
whose husband was in the rebel army, would
send one of her colored servants to make ap-
plication at the conimissary's department for
provisions for the whole of the slaves. She
controlled their labor and would send them on
this errand. The provisions would be ordered
to be given, and when they were received'they
would be divided amongthe whole family. So
it was, and so it will be again. Appropriate
this money and the man who owns his broad
acres with his hired laborers will resort to the
same trick and receive the rations.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. May I make an inquiry
of the gentleman ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand him to say
that the southern people wove in the habit of
using their negroes for the purpose of procur-
ing provisions from the officers of the Army
by a dodge. I wish to know if that was a very
common practice among these negroes, and if
so, whether those negroes who practiced this
deceit "were considered as loyal men at the
time.
Mr.'LOGAN. They were considered loyal;
and I never knew a disloyal negro during the
war. [Laughter.] But I will tell the gentle-
man this, that they have been subject to the
will of their masters for such a length of time
that they know no better than to obey them.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man to say that fifty negroes would obey one
wornan and cheat the officers of the Army;
and do it without knowing what he did, and
still be loyal.
Mr. LOGAN. It was cheating the officers
of the Army or Government; it was a cheat
on the part of the person who directed them
to do it. We issued the rations because we
believed the statement of the negroes, but
afterward we learned the manner in which the
provisions were disposed of.
Mr. BOYER. One question.. If it had been
known that these negroes who thus applied for
rations did so for the purpose of saving their
mistress and her family from starvation, would
the gentleman have considered it proper for
the officers to have given the rations ?
Mr. LOGAN. So far as I am concerned I
should have oheyed orders, no matter what I
thought. But the gentleman certainly ought
not to be astonished at a dodge of this kind.
Those people did that upon the sameprinciple
that the northern copperheads dodged the draft.
[Laughter and applause in the galleries.]
Mr. BOYEB. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man has dodged my question. [Laughter.]
He has failed to answer it, but replies eva-
sively that' he should have obeyed orders. I
would not have supposed a gentleman so op-
posed to dodging would have set us such an
example at this time. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Well, so far as my qualifica-
tions for dodging are concerned, the gentleman
will probably learn more about them at some
future time when he gets better acquainted with
me. [Laughter.] I have no disposition to
dodge anything. I only assert facts ; the gen-
tleman can draw his own inferences from them.
And I assert that the same thing will occur
again ;_not with the colored people any more
than with any other class. But I tell the gen-
tleman now that I hear no appeal coming from
fhfe starving people Of Missouri, although that
State- suffered 'almost as nm<ih as any other on
account of war. But because it is a loyal
State, because the loyal portion of the'people
got control and hteld it firmly In "the Union,
we are riot called upon to appropriate money
to feed them.
Mr. BO'YER. I ask the gentl'eman whether
Missouri ia not included in the provisions of
this resolution, whether it is not an appropri-
ation for the South.and Southwest?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not understand it as
applying to Missouri. I do not understand
that there is any report embracing any portion
of Missouri in this condition; or claiming that
any States are except those which have been
in insurrection against the Government.
Mr. BLAINE. Missouri is not embraced
within the scope of this resolution at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I say to the gentleman that
we do not come here from Missouri or Illinois,
or from any of the northern or northwestern
States asking alms from this Congress.
Although there are rtiany poor people in the
Northwest, we do not understand that we have
a right to come to Congress to be fed. We
have all suffered during the war and have
many people left penniless. There was suffer-
ing before the'war, and starving people all over
the country, and who- ever "thought of asking
Congress to be the dispenser of charities to a
class of people who would not help themselves.
But an age of treason has taught us strange
tilings; punish nobody, compromise with trai-
tors, and then feed them whenever some one
suggests it. All this is done for States that re-
belled, but in the loyal States the voice appealing
in weeds for help must be provided for in some
other waf, and our anxiety, our charity, our
sympathy turned in a southerly direction.
Oh, ye poor of the North, how unfortunate
you were, if you ask alms of the Congress of
the United States, that you had not lived in the
land of treason! Now, sir, although I enter-
tain so much respect for the Superintendent
of the Freedmen's Bureau, yet if you appro-
priate all the money for ail the charitable pur-
poses for which he may be inclined to ask, you
may appropriate millions On millions for all
classes of poor people South ; and may also
feed the people of Washington city so long as
it remains the capital of the nation. And all
this will be done with the best intentions on
his and your part. I have no doubt much
money is being used to-day by this Govern-
ment for the support, unwittingly, of families
who fostered and nourished the late rebellion.
Ay, sir, and families, too, who before this re-
bellion never wore a garment except-at Gov-
ernment expense ; who never had a spear of
grass to grow in their yards or a flower to
spring up in their gardens that was not watered
by the drippings of the Treasury of the United
States of America.
Sir, you will see by this resolution that those
who should be considered the favored children
of this land will not be included among the starv-
ing people now to be relieved at the hands of
Congress; and I appeal to honorable members
to say if charities are to be dispensed by Con-
gress. .It shall not be dispensed to one portion of
the country more than another. Put not your
hands into the Treasury of the United States
for the purpose of fattening and fostering
treason again in the land that gave it birth and
where it grew into manhood. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] said he was
willing to open his great heart to these suffer-
ing people. So am I willing to do so in a
proper manner when much deserving. But,
sir, whence comes this suffering? It was not
byour act, not bythe act of the people North ;
it was not in accordance with our wishes or
our desires, but by their own act, their own
indiscretion, their own wrong, their own crime
against their country. The gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] says we should do
this act to encourage the people and show them
our afifection for them, or words to that effect.
It seems to me that we have shown our for-
bearance toward these people. We have
