1867.
TffiE COMEES&lGNiX. QIMBE.
m
offereS them'everything'that they could ask.
Proposition after proposition has be.en ten-
dered them only to be spurned with scorn and
contempt. And if you were tendering this
money to them to-day through their rebel
Legislatures, it'Would be spurned by them;
but in this maimer, when all earn say I!ne\ner
had-any of your charities, I have no doubt it
will be very acceptable.
Mr. WASHBURN, of'Indiana. -'Will the
gentleman-allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
:Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
ask the genteman if he is in favor of allow-
ing to starve the twenty-four thousand two
hundred and thirty-eight oolofed people, who
General Howard 'says will starve to death
unless they "are. assisted in some way?
Mr. LOGAN. I am not in favor of allow-
ing anybody to' starve if I can help it. I do
not want any man, or any woman, or any
-child to starve. But I will say to the gentle-
man this: that it has not been brought to my
knowledge that they are starving more than
-are' other-people ; nor has it been yet brought
to my knowledge that these'people are in such
a condition that they could not relieve them-
selves by proper industryand exertion on their
part. Nor has it been brought to my knowledge
that th:e wealthy people in these States are not
able to put their hands into their own pockets
and give this charity for the purpose of saving
the lives of these people, just as well as the
wealthy people of the North can do it. In my
own State, when we have destitute people, we
put our hands in our own pockets and provide
for them; we do not ask Congress to do it.
When the gentleman says that this is for the
benefit of colored persons, that statement is
not correct. The present appropriation, if con-
fined to the classes who come under the Freed-
men's Bureau is, sufficient. General Howard
tells us in his report that sufficient appropria-
tion has already been made to be expended
under his direction to supply the class em-
braced, and if that be true, it is his duty to
provide for these twenty or thirty odd thousand
starving colored people at the South; and he
says that he has money enough to do this,
$1,500,000 having been appropriated for the
pin-pose. What is the propriety of appropri-
ating another million when General Howard
says that he has abundant means if it be con-
fined to his Department?
I am told by a gentleman from Massachu-
• setts [Mr. Baldwin] that Genaral Howard
stated to him this morning that this appropri-
ation, while it might be useful, had not been
asked by him ; but that be had reported it as he
was directed to do. Now, I am opposed to this
House being directed by anybody to do any-
thing in reference to any of the people of this
country that is not appropriate to be done.
Sir, in this free land there should be no pau-
pers of this kind, and the millions of dollars of
property given up to rebels by assent of this
Government was a charity improperly bestowed,
and we should be sure of what we do in this
instance. There is no State, either loyal or
disloyal, that is not able by -a light tax on
themselves to support their own poor; and so
long as this is the case I for one am not will-
ing to bow our people down with such burdens,
when reason and justice are against it, although
such appeals can be made in favor of suffer-
ing, many times upon a supposed state of facts
that does not exist. Sir, this is all I desire to
say.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I had
hoped that this joint resolution would not have
met with any opposition in this House, and
especially upon the Republican side of it; and,
above all things. I had hoped that after the
record made by the Thirty-Ninth Congress no
Republican would undertake to say in this Hall
that it is not warranted by the Constitution to
provide for the relief of the poor of any-part
of this country by an appropriation out of our
common Treasury. .
Why. sir, at the first session of the last Con-
gress a bill was introduced upon the Repub-
licum-side of the House, which I had thehonor,
in part, to aid -in passing, which appropriated
out-of the common Treasury of the United
States for .the support of refugees and freed-
aien in the several States lately in insurrection
not less than $7,000,000. ' And y^t,siT, we are
"to ."be iold to-day that that legklation -is .not
"warranted hy the "Constitution! J trust that
those gentleman who recorded' their -votes by
yeas and- nays in favor of the appropriation for
this purpose by the Thirty-Ninth -Congress
will not take a step backward, ;and concede
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.er] is right in the position which he has
assumed.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I must have
made myself illy understood; what I said was,
that gentlemen on the other side, the strict
constructionists of the Constitution, would have
said in the earlier days—before the war—that
it was unconstitutional to make any such appro-
priation; but that for myself'I had- got far
beyond that idea. I think we have a right not
only to appropriate money to feed these people,
but to appropriate money to govern them ; to
make them do exactly what we say they shall
do, and omit to do exactly what we saythey
shall not do. They are entirely in our hands,
and, so far as I am concerned, I have no doubt
about the power.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am very glad to know
that the gentleman does not object to the power
to make this appropriation, and yet he certainly
objects to the object of the joint resolution, atiu
undertakes to cut it off by a substitute limiting
our charity to the widows and orphans of those
who suffered in the Eibby prison, at Anderson-
ville, and Belle Isle.
Mr. BLDRIDGB. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from Ohio concedes to the Gen-
eral Government the power affirmed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctleii.]
Mr. BINGHAM. It is too late, Mr. Chair-
man, for the gentleman to address to me an
inquiry of that sort. I have too often during
the session just closed and before, declared in
my place here that the States lately in insur-
rection are exclusively under the legisla-
tive power of the United States Government,
until they shall be again restored to their con-
stitutional relations with the consent of Con-
gress, as is the District of Columbia, to admit
of doubt about my position on that question.
But that is aside from the present discussion
The gentleman from Massachusetts admits
that he has no constitutional objections to urge
against this bill; yet he objects to it, and offers
here a substitute which is to exclude from the
charitable consideration of this Congress every-
body save those who are already provided^ for
by your existing laws in twofold, threefold,
fourfold, fivefold the measure of relief pro-
posed by this bill. Sir, for one I trust that so
long as reason holds a place in my brain I
shall never forget that education and charity
are at last the cheap defense of nations.
It is enough for me to know that within the
jurisdiction of the common Government of
this country there are men, women, and chil-
dren who are suffering from famine, lifting up
their haggard faces, stretching forth their skinny
fingers, and asking for leave to eat of the
crumbs that fall from your well-supplied ta-.
bles. " Tell it not in Gath; publish it not in
the streets of Askelon," that the American
Congress, having the control of such resources
as never before acknowledged the sway of any
other Government, will permit sixty thousand
of their countrymen to perish for bread within
the limits of their own jurisdiction. Espe-
cially let not the Fortieth Congress be false
to the record of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and interpose to a proposition of this kind any
such quibbling objections as have this day been
insisted upon.
If the widows and orphans of those who per-
ished at Andersonville and Libby are not
already sufficiently provided for by existing
legislation I am ready to vote out of the na-
tional Treasury additional supplies. But, sir,
by no pretense of aiding them am I going to
be diverted from ^contributing, ®o far .as .1 may
be: biG, to■ carry into execution this biii, \v.l"neh
has come to Tts from the -Senate, >wliere it has
been- passed by-an almost; uuanimous "vote -of
. our" bwn ifriends."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire-to ask tbso
gentleman, with his permission', fsrbether he
does not believe that if an iiwestigat*i#a should
be made there.would ;be found throughout -the
northern States sixty thousand,persons who
havenot in their .possession bread for-the" next
year, and who have no prospect of having it
unless they earn it; and if so, would there not
be just as much propriety in our voting ..money
to supply them with bread as making an ap-
propriation to supply sixty thousand southern
people?
Mr. BINGHAM. If I understand ihe-gen-
tleman, he is inquiring of me whether he voted
in accordance with his oath and the require-
ments of the Constitution during the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, when life
voted to appropriate $7,000,000 for .that very
purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did mot ;ask the
gentleman anything about our constitutional
right to vote money in this way 
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I understand
the gentleman to ask me about our-power to
make such an appropriation ; and I say that it
is too late for any Ii-epublican.member of tke
Thirty-Ninth Congress toraise that question.
In the Thirty-Ninth Congress we did.this very
thing; and I propose to follow that .example
in the Fortieth Congress. ' •
Mr. FftliNS WORTH. Thefgentlemandoes
not meet my question. I did not raise any con-
stitutional question at all. I simply asked for
light in regard to the propriety of Congress
voting money for this purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, if there is no
constitutional objection, I think no man living
in the nineteenth century, in the serene light
of Christian revelation, can question the pro-
priety of feeding the poor, or can stop to haggle
and inquire whether the man famishing at his
door has been his friend or his enemy. ^
• He will not forget the divine teaching of
our Master, whose intense holiness shed ma-
jesty over the manger and the stra-w; who by
His own lips commands us to love our ene-
mies, and by the tongue of his Apostle enjoins:
"If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst,
give him drink."
I trust gentlemen will make no more ques-
tion about the propriety of this measure. It
is not a question of propriety, but of duty. It
is enough for me to say that the Christian war-
rior, Major General Howard, the Havelock
of the American Army- the man who won his
laurels upon the immortal field of Gettysburg,
upon whose rocky crest the sacrifice was made
of twenty thousand braves who perished in the
fires of that dread conflict in defence of our
country—is to distribute these alms which he
asks at our hands. It is enough, sir, for me
to know that he recommends it and is to be
the almoner of our bounty. No dollar of this
money will cling to his hands. Allow General
Howard to have the disposition of this
$1,000,000, as of the $7,000,000 appropriated
by the last Congress, and when he finds men
suffering for bread he will feed them. Who
will object to that?
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say I will
strike hands with the gentleman in the grace
of Christian charity, although I cannot follow
him as high as he goes in flights of fancy.
What I desire is an answer to my question.
Should an investigation be made throughout
the North, would not more than sixty thousand
persons be found who have not bread enough
in their possession for the next year, and who
have no prospect of obtaining it except they
raise it? If so, then is it not our duty to hunt
out in New York, in Cincinnati, in Chicago,
and various other cities the poor people there
and feed them
