THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 14,
The previous question was seconded -and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed .and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr._McCLU.RGr moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider .be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thanks to george peabodt.
The House next tools; up Senate joint reso-
lution No. 1, presenting the thanks of Con-
gress to George Peabody.
Mr. IIOOPEB, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
tiise, and passed unanimously.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
neutral relations.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill more effectually to preserve the
neutral relations of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
tlie Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) for
the relief of freedmen or destitute colored
people in the District of Columbia ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 2) to authorize the refunding of
discriminating duties exacted upon merchan-
dise imported in Hawaiian vessels.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed an act (S. No. 60) to change the
name of the steamship Paonshun, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved
that the Niagara ship-canal bill reported from
the select committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BING-HAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man to let me move to go into committee, so
that we may report back the pending resolu-
tion for the relief of the destitute in the South
and Southwest, in order that it may be consid-
ered and acted on to-morrow morning. It will
delay us not a moment, and the joint resolu-
tion will be open to debate in the House as
well as in committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I insist on my mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule, and i eferrcd to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DONNELY : The memorial of the Histor-
ical Society of the State of Minnesota, asking for such
a change in the postal laws aa would permit the post-
age upon books and pamphUtssent to historical socie-
ties and library companies to be jiaid upon delivery
of the same.
By Mr. PLANTS: A series of resolutions passed by
Big Itun Lodge No. 36, Independent Order of Good
Templars, upon the subject of the sale and use of
intoxicating liquors.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of masters and
owners of vessels navigating the coasts of the United
States between Oapc Henry and ports north of it, for
the construction of a light-ship on Winter Quarter
Shoals.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 14, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gbay, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Augustus H. Garland,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the
State of Arkansas for the term of six years,
commencing on the 4th of March, 1867 ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. YATES .presented seven memorials of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, in favor of an appropriation to
indemnify the citizens of that Territory for
losses sustained by the revolution in 1847 and
Indian depredations since that period; in favor
of an appropriation for the completion of the
capitol building in that Territory; in favor of
the payment of the claims of citizens for prop-
erty destroyed by the rebels in that Territory;
in favor of an appropriation in money in lieu
of the lands set apart for school purposes in
that Territory; in favor of the establishment
of telegraph communication between the At-
lantic States and the military posts of New
Mexico; in favor of an increase of the salary
of the members and officers of the Legislative
Assembly of that Territory, and an increase
of the salaries of the territorial officers in that
Territory ; and in favor of an appropriation
for the erection of a penitentiary in that Ter-
ritory, and that authority may be given to the
Secretary of the Treasury to have the stone in
the present unfinished penitentiary used in
finishing the capitol building, and that the site
of the present penitentiary may be sold and a
new site selected where there is a sufficiency
of water ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
New York and Virginia Steamship Company,
praying for an appropriation to reimburse
thorn for the loss of the steamships Yorktown
and Jamestown in April, 1861; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I present the petition
of Colonel Charles E. Capehart, praying for
arrears of pay as an officer of the Army. I
move its reference to the Committee on Claims,
as I understood the chairman of the Military
Committee_to say that he would not take cog-
nizance of any more cases of that kind.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of James Walsh, a soldier of the Mexican war,
praying for an increase of pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of
Goldsmith Brothers, praying to be indemnified
for United States bonds lost on board the
steamer Brother Jonathan on the 81st of July,
1865; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented three petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as to provide that there shall be no
legislation or the enforcement of any law,
rule, or regulation within the United States
or Territories against any portion of the in-
habitants on account of race, color, or birth ;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
_ Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
citizens of Westfield, New York, praying that
some compensation may be allowed Mrs.
Thompson, a resident of that -place, for four
and a half years' service in the United States
as a volunteer nurse; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
the employes in the office of the Congressional
Printer,.praying that the system of eight hours
labor per day, as how in operation in that
office, .may be continued until otherwise or-
dered by the Senate; .which was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. .DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
A. Grant, praying for relief in the matter of
the contract for the rebuilding of certain build-
ings at the Norfolk navy-yard; which wa3
referred to the Committee on Claims.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Thomas B. "Wales &
Co., praying that an American register may be re-
stored to the ship Agra, be withdrawn from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Commence.
Oil motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the -petition of Milton B. Duffield,
praying to he compensated for expenses incurred in
the discharge of his duties as United States marshal
in the Territory of Arizona, be withdrawn from the
files, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports from committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Elizabeth-K. Spurrier,
guardian and representative of the children of
the late Surgeon Henry L. Heiskell. United
States Army, praying the passage of an act
authorizing the Paymaster General to pay to
them the difference of pay, including commu-
tation. which the said Surgeon Heiskell re-
ceived while acting as Surgeon General of the
Army, and that of the pay of Surgeon General
United States Army, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 50) for the relief
of William M. Kimball, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Commercial Nav-
igation Company of the State of New York,
praying for aid in the establishment of a regu-
lar line of steamships, sailing under tlrts flag of
the United State:<Jmd owned by American cit-
izens, for the conveyance of the foreign mails
of the United States between New York and
Bremen, touching at Southampton, reported a
bill (S. No. 62) to provide for an American
line of mail steamships to run between New
York and one or more European ports; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 19) declaring a bridge to be
constructed over the Missouri river at or near
the town of St. Charles and a bridge to be con-
structed over the Mississippi river at or near
the city of Louisiana, in the State of Missouri,
to be legal structures and post roads, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 28) to grant to
the American Atlantic Telegraph Company of
New York the right of way and privilege to
lay, land, and operate a submarine telegraph
cable on the Atlantic coast of the United States
and establish telegraphic communication be-
tween the United States and Europe, via the
Bermudas and Azore Islands, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) to
prevent the sale or use of liquors in the Capi-
tol building, reported adversely thereon, and
in connection therewith reported the following
concurrent resolution:
^ Hesolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the nineteenth Joint lvalc bo
amended so as to read as follows:
No spirituous or malt liquors or wines shall be
