1867.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
offered for sale, exhibited, or kept within the Capi-
tol, or in any room or building connected therewith,
or on the pubiie grounds adjacent thereto; and it
shall be the duty of the Sergeants-at-Arms of thetwo
Houses, under thesupervisionof the Presiding Officers
thereof, respectively, to enforce the foregoing provis-
ions; and any officer or employ^ of either House who
stull in any manner violate or connive at the viola-
tion of this rule shall be dismissed from office.
CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pubiie Buildings and Grounds,
to whom was referred a bill (S: No. 54) to
enlarge the public grounds surrounding the
Capitol, to report in part. I will state that it
is not expected that the bill referred to will
pass both Houses at the present session, and
the committee have concluded to recommend
an appropriation of $20,000 under tli^ advice
of the architect, for the purpose of grading
and filling and improving the public grounds.
It is necessary to begin that work, and it will
make a great saving if it is begun at once,
besides saving time, and to appropriate a small
sum for that purpose. There is another reason
why action should be had. Owing to the recent
act that we passed placing the public buildings
and grounds under the direction of the chief
Engineer of the Army, there is now a conflict
of jurisdiction, and nobody knows exactly by
whom the repairs and alterations are to be
made. The second section of this bill is added
therefore for the purpose of setting that right.
It is a short bill and will be easily understood,
and if there is no objection I should like to
have it considered at the present time, as it is
important to pass it at the present session.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 64)
to provide in part for grading the pubiie groun ds,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It appropriates the sum of $20,000,
to be expended by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, under the supervision of the architect of
the Capitol extension, in grading, filling up,
removing buildings, and improving the public
grounds and streets around the Capitol. All
the repairs and alterations of the Capitol build-
ing are to be made under the direction and
supervision of the architect of the Capitol ex-
tension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
H EIIIS 01? JOIIN E. BOULIGNY.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 8) directing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to suspend the execution
of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress
for the relief of the heirs of John E. Bouligny,
was taken from the table, read a second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
63) to authorize the entry and occupation of a
portion of Long island, in Bostonharbor; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
65) granting the right of way over the public
lands to the Pacific Coal Company; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 66) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a canal in the State of California;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 67) to expedite the construction of the
Southern Pacific railroad and telegraph line;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 68)
to create the office of surrogate of the District
of Columbia, provide for the appointment,
and define the powers and duties of guardians,
and for other purposes; which was- read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL CONTRACT WITH A SENATOR.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce- a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 29) to terminate-ar con-
tract of a member of Congress with the Post
Office Department of the United States of
America; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is that?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear that
resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask to have it read
at length in the first place, and then I shall ask
the Senate to consider it.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read at length for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Whereas it is declared by an act of Congress ap-
proved April 21, 1808, that no member of Congress
shall directly or indirectly, himself or by any other
person m trust for liim, or for his use or benefit, or
on his account, execute, hold, or enjoy in whole or in
part any contract or agreement hereafter to be made
or entered into with any officer of the United States,
or to any benefit toarise-tUerefrom, &c.; and where-
as the present contractor for route No, 14782, from
Lincoln, California, to Portland, Oregon,hasrecently
been elected United States Senator; Therefore,
Be it resolved, &c., rtHi;u the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cancel the con-
tract between the United States and thopresent eon-
tractor for the transportation of the mail on route
No. 14782, between Lincoln, California, and Port-
land, Oregon, annulling the same in the usual way,
to take effect on the 30th day of September, A. D.
18G7; and it is hereby made the duty of the Post-
master General, after the passage of this act, to ad-
vertise for bids for thc*performance of the service for
the residue of the contract teim, for at least thirty
days, in at least one newspaper published atthe seat
of government of the State of California, and one
newspaper published in Portland, Oregon, and to
eontiaet with the lowest responsible bidder.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there be no objection
I will ask for the present consideration of the
joint resolution. It relates to my colleague in
the Senate here, and I will briefly state——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will first ascertain whether tho Senate will
agree to consider the resolution. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
The Chair hears no objection, and it is before
the Senate as in Committee of tho Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will briefly state that
my colleague is the contractor upon that route.
He took the contract about a year ago, I think.
It is the route that extends from Lincoln, in
California, to the city of Portland, in Oregon.
Since that time he has been elected to the Uni-
ted States Senate ; and as the law recited in
the resolution provides that no member of Con-
gress shall hold or enjoy any contract with the
Government, he desires to have the contract
canceled, and the route relet. I will add that
since he took the contract a joint resolution has
passed Congress providing for a mail route from
San Francisco to Portland by sea, so that this
route is relieved from the carriage of the paper
and document mail; and I have no doubt, if
this contract is annulled, it can be relet for a
less sum than it was originally let to my col-
league, and it will be a saving of expense to
the United States. He is compelled to be hefe
attending upon his duty as a member of the
Senate, and of course is not able to supervise
the management of this business. In addition
to that, he feels a very great delicacy in hold-
ing a contract of that nature with the Govern-
ment while he is a member of this body. For
these reasons, and I believe it meets altogether
with the approbation of the Post Office Depart-
ment, he asks to have the contract canceled.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the honorable
Senator if he has the law before him?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask Mm to be so
kind as to read it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The first section of the
act of April 21, 1808, provides;
"No member of Congress shall, directly or indi-
rectly, himself, or by any othor person whatsoever m
trust for him or for his- use'or bonefit, or on his ac-
count, undertake, execute, .hold; or enjoy, in the
whole or in part, any contract or agreement here-
after to be made or entered into with any officer of
the United States in thoir behalf, or with any person
authorized to make contracts on tho part of the Uni-
ted States; and if any member of Congress shall,
direetlyor indirectly," &e.
Mr. J"OHNSON. I asked my friend to read
the law because I supposed it was doubtful
whether it-would nob apply exclusively-to cGfc-
tr&cts entered into subsequent to the- period
when the party should become a member of.
Congress. The words seem to be more com-
prehensive, however, than I supposed them to
be; and I rise for the purpose of saying to the
honorable member and his colleague, that if
the law is as it is- Understood to be by them,
that it prohibits him from going on to execute
a contract, that of itsalf annuls it, and it
requires no legislation at all. He cannot be
liable to perform a contract which it is illegal
in him to hold and illegal in the Government
to ask him to discharge. I should suppose
that if the honorable member from Oregon, to
whom the resolution refers, should make ap-
plication^ the Postmaster General, stating the
fact that he was under no obligation, and' a
court would hold he was under no obligation,
to perform the contract, the Postmhster Gen-
eral would at once do what this resolution pro-
poses he shall do, that is, give the contract to
somebody else. My principal objection to the
resolution is that where the reasons of the
honorable member from Oregon for offering
the resolution are not understood, it may bo
considered as intended to censure him. That,
I am sure, is not the design.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. It would be better, I
think, therefore, that he should inform the
Postmaster General that he is under a legal
inability to discharge the contract and have it
annulled.
Mr. WILLIAMS. As I understand, the
Postmaster General is doubtful as to his au-
thority to annul this contract, unless the power
is conferred by legislation. I believe there
has been an opinion of the Attorney General
to the effect that this law did not affect a con-
tract made with a person who was afterward
elected'a member of Congress, and I presume
the Postmaster General under that opinion is
doubtful as to his power, and in order to remove
all doubts on the subject, and to remove all
responsibility from the Postmaster General in.
thatrespect, at the instance of iny colleague,
this joint resolution is offered. Of course, it
will be taken as no reflection upon him. It is
not so much because he has a legal right to be
absolved from the performance of his contract,
as it is because he is compelled to attend to his
duties here, and so is unable to attend to his
duties as contractor, and because he does not
like to be placed in the position as a member
of Congress of having a contract of this kind
with the Post Office Department, as it may
expose him to unfriendly criticism on the
ground of being interested in a contract of that
magnitude with the Post Office Department
while he is a member of the Senate. It is
upon these grounds, and not because he may
not have a legal right to hold the contract if
he should insist upon it, that he asks the pas-
sage of the resolution. I will simply say Miat
I am quite confident that it will save expense
to the United States to cancel the contract.
Mr, JOHNSON. I have no objection to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know there are many
others who want the contract, and it has been
relieved of considerable of its burden since it
was made.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
member from Oregon, who has this resolution
in charge, inasmuch as this contract is a very
heavy one, covering a line of six hundred
miles, with a compensation of $179,000, that
probably mor.e time should be given for the
advertisement than is provided in the resolu-
tion. It is but thirty days, is it not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. R'AMSEY. The contract has three
