1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
division of opinion, as to whether a constitution
and State government shall be formed under
"the law; and they will elect delegates that are
favorable or unfavorable to the formation of a
constitution, and express their opinion in that
way, and we shall thereby avoid the expense
and trouble of having the vote at the time.
Moreover, this is in harmony with the legis-
lation of Congress. This is the mode that is
provided in our laws relative to the organ-
ization of governments in the new States. In
the act providing for a State government in
Minnesota it was declared that the delegates
elected to a convention for that purpose should
first determine whether the people of that Ter-
ritory desired to form a State government in
accordance with the law authorizing them to
do so. It is always better to follow precedents
which have worked well, rather than to adopt
new modes of proceeding.
Then, as a complete and perfect answer to
the objection suggested by the Senator from
Missouri, that he does not desire the people
of any State to form a constitution and State
government under the provisions of this law
unless it is their wish, I point him to the fact
that the bill provides expressly that the consti-
tution, when formed, shall be submitted to the
people for ratification, and unless it is ratified,
not by a majority of those who vote, but by a
majority of all the registered voters in the
State, it is to be of no effect whatever. There
is the safety. The work itself, not the pre-
liminary proceeding before the constitution is
formed, but the work itself, when it is complete
and perfect and submitted to the people, is to
be passed upon by every registered voter; and
unless a majority of all the registered voters,
whether they all vote or not, go to the polls
and say that they desire this constitution and
form of government, it is not to be adopted.
Can it, therefore, for a moment be pretended
that a government is to be forced upon any
State ?
For the reasons which I have suggested, first,
because this is in conformity to the usual legis-
lation of Congress ; second, because it accom-
plishes in the votes of the delegates themselves,
when they assemble in convention, the object
sought to be attained; and third, because the
work when done is to be submitted to the peo-
ple and passed upon directly by them, the com-
mittee were of opinion that it was better to
adhere to the form of obtaining the expression
of the people which they have adopted; and I
wish to say now in the outset that although
some members of the Senate might be of a
different opinion, and although the Senator
from Missouri might be of a different opinion,
and think his form o£ obtaining the expression
of the opinions of the people better—of course
he did think so, or he would not have proposed
the amendment—yet I submit to him, and I
submit to the Senate, that unless something
substantial is to be gained by the change, it
will be better to adhere to the bill as reported
by the committee, because when you commence
changing a bill of this character on motions in
the Senate there is danger of making it incon-
gruous, involving the necessity of a reference
and the consumption of much time. If the
object of the bill is to be obtained substantially
in the mode that the committee thought it best
to adopt, I submit to Senators that it is better
not to amend the bill in that respect, as it will
occasion delay and accomplish nothing except
in the form of proceeding.
Mr. DRAKE. I confess, Mr. President,
my very great surprise at the opposition made
by the Senator who has just taken his seat to
this proposed amendment. I really supposed
that if there were any one thing about which
there could not be a difference of opinion it
would be on just such a provision as this.
The gentleman seems to think that it is in
every respect sufficient to put it into the hands
of delegates elected to the conventions m these
States to determine whether the people wish
to form State governments under this act, and
he refers to the familiar fact that ours is a
Government carried on through representa-
tives. Very true, sir; but here are States
which are to form new constitutions, and the
fundamental .question and' the first question
with them is whether they will have any repre-
sentatives at all to form constitutions. Un-
doubtedly after they shall have expressed
themselves favorably upon that subject, the
delegates whom they will have elected will
proceed to the work; but what I wish to get
at is that the people themselves shall make the
expression, and not any delegates selected by
them.
Do I need to tell the gentleman that the pre-
cedent which he cites in the case of Minnesota,
where a State government was formed ten or
fifteen years ago, is no precedent for these
southern States in this day ? In Minnesota it
was expected, and could confidently be ex-
pected, that the delegates elected to their con-
stitutional convention would faithfully reflect
the will of the people as to the matter of
forming a State government or not forming it.
But, sir, I need not tell that gentleman who
has sat here so long in this Senate Chamber,
and all through the period of the late rebellion,
that in the States ior which we are now pro-
posing the means of forming constitutions
there are men who will betray that people at
any instant that it may subserve their own
private interests to do so, and who_ might be
elected as delegates to the convention with a
pledge that they would go for the formation of
a State government, and then under influences
which might be brought to bear upon them
turn round and defeat the will of the loyal peo-
ple of those States. Sir, the history of the
last six years in that southern region is but
one continued history of treachery such as the
world never saw, and now to put it in the
power of a few men to trick and cheat and
defraud the loyal people of those States out of
loyal governments, by pretending to be in
favor of the formation of State constitutions
there, and getting themselves elected as dele-
gates to do it, and then turning round and
expressing the wish of the people not to do it,
is what I intend to guard against if I can here.
It is effectually guarded against by this pro-
posed amendment. I do not intend that that
people shall be betrayed if ic is in my power
to prevent such a result.
But the gentleman says that the people are
to ratify the work of the convention. We are
not dealing with that question at this stage of the
bill. We are dealing in the first instance with
the question whether there shall be a conven-
tion, whether the people want a convention.
If they do not want a convention, why have
it, and then have the work of ths convention
rejected by a majority that do not want any
State government under this bill? Let us
begin at the foundation; let the proceedings
in the several States start with the very funda-
mental principle that the people shall govern
in taking the first step. Do not leave the
people afterward to the necessity of utterly
rejecting all that has bsan done, when, if they
could have expressed themselves in the first
place, they would not have allowed it to bo
done.
The gentleman says that unless there is some-
thing substantial in the: difference between a
proposed amendment and the substitute offered
by the Judiciary Committee the Senate ought
not to adopt it. Sir, I am surprised that agen-
tleman of his acute mind and great learning
should perceive no substantial difference here
between the people by their direct voice ex-
pressing themselves on this subject, and their
delegates, elected under fraudulent pretenses
perhaps, undertaking to express the will of the
people for them, and expressing it as it is not.
I see a substantial and very wide difference,
and I trust the Senate will concur with me m
perceiving that difference, too.
The gentleman talks about the expense.
What expense is it, when they go there to elect
their delegates, to write or print on the same
ticket the words required by this proposed
amendment? The Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. FREUNSHtrsrsBx] inquires of me what are
the words. Those who are in favor of a con-
vention are to have written or printed upon
the ballots by which they vote for delegates
the words "for a convention and those who
are opposed to a convention are on- their
ballots to have written or printed the words
" against a convention." Tiie very hand that
deposits a ballot in the ballot-box for the pur-
pose of electing delegates deposits also the
expression of the will of the voter as to whether
those delegates shall ever assemble or not. I
trust that on no account, then, will the Senate
consent to allow the elected delegates in any
State to undertake to express the wish of the
people on this fundamental question; but that
the Senate will give the people themselves the
opportunity to express that wish by their sep-
arate and individual ballots.
Mr. TIPTON". Mr. President, I wish sim-
ply to say that this question has been -before
the people of Nebraska two or three times
over. When we first voted on the question of
a constitutional convention I remember that
we elected delegates to the convention^ and
voted "no" at the same time as to forming a
constitution. Consequently the convention did
not meet to form a constitution. Again, at
anothor time we voted for delegates, elected
delegates, and some of those delegates met,
but before they were all in their places an
adjournment was moved and carried, and the
convention adjourned without forming aconsti-
tution for Nebraska. As- this point has been
presented by the Senator from Missouri, I am
inclined from our own experience to vote for
a proposition which will allow the people to
say whether they will have a State government
or not at the time when they elect their dele-
gates.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask
the Senator from Nebraska what was accom-
plished by that in Nebraska. He says that
after the people had voted that they would
have a convention the delegates did not form
a constitution, but adjourned. So it seems
you have got to leave it to the delegates at
last. The fact that the people voted for a con-
stitution, if the delegates were_ opposed to it,
in Nebraska, it seems resulted in the delegates
not forming a constitution. What, then, was
accomplished by the popular vote? The same
result followed the vote both ways. The peo-
ple first voted that they would not have a con-
vention, and then it did not meet. The second
time they voted that they would have a con-
vention, and then it met and adjourned with-
out forming a constitution. The instance cited
shows the inutility of the very measure that is
offered.
Mr. TIPTON. I hold that in the first in-
stance in voting upon the question in Ne-
braska the delegates obeyed the instructions
of the people ; but it costs nothing more, and
it is just as easy to bring them under these in-
structions through the ballot-box as to the
formation of a constitution as it is to elect the
delegates themselves, and I prefer that both
questions go together.
Mr. FRELINGITUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not see that the amendment is essential.
The people of each State must trust the dele-
gates to form and frame the constitution. That
is the material duty which is to be performed.
That has to be placed in the hands^ of the
delegates. S hold the security to be in this :
that no constitution can be adopted unless it
receives on the vote for its ratification a ma-
jority ©fall the votes registered; not a majority
of the votes cast merely, but a majority of all
the votes registered in the State; so that a
constitution cannot bo imposed upon a people
against their will; and that gives the peopla
every possible protection.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may have the
yeas and nays on this question.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say one word more.
The Judiciary Committee in the proposed sub-
stitute start out with the idea of having an
expression of the wish of the people. That is
the language of the bill, that the delegates
<1 shall first determine by a vote whether it is
