1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9f
We have done all for our friends in the South
■who are particularly alluded to, the minority
of.whites there—whether our friends, counting
whites and blacks, be a majority or not, I do
not know, and it cannot now bo ascertained—
we have provided for their safety in the most
efficient way by providing military protection.
And if we go further, and provide for the full
execution of their own ^ill at the ballot-bos
in relation to these questions, I do not see that
we lose anything by having the conventions
called by the properly-constituted authorities,
those that we have now said are legal author-
ities.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
amendment to the amendment a call has been
made for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. It seems to me there
is a practical difficulty in the way of the adop-
tion of this amendment. It says that if a ma-
jority of the whole number of voters registered
vote for a convention then a convention shall
be held ; but if a majority of the whole num-
ber of voters registered vote against it, it shall
not be held. Now, it may happen that an
election may be held when there will not be
a majority of all the voters registered voting
either for or against a convention. "What is to
be done in that case? It seems to me cer-
tainly that the majority of the votes cast at
the election should decide. If men who are
registered as voters do not attend the polls at
an election they are presumed to give their
assent to the result, whichever way it is deter-
mined by those who do vote. If they stay
away they consent to let the other voters de-
termine the question. It strikes me the amend-
ment is imperfect in that particular.
Mr. HOWARD. The object of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Missouri
is to my mind quite plain. It is laying the
foundation of a proceeding to establish a legal
government in a State for the government of
all; and the question which he submits in his
amendment to the registered voters is whether
they will or will not agree to have a legal State
government as provided by law. Now, upon
so solemn a question as that it does seem to
me that a majority of all the freemen to be
affected by the government ought to vote for
its establishment before it ought to bo estab-
lished. It is not like an ordinary election of a
candidate to the Legislature or to Congress, in
which a majority or a plurality of the persons
voting decide the issue; but it is a great politi-
cal question, fundamental in its character,
whether or not this people will form and be
governed by a republican government accord-
ing to the Constitution of the United States,
.and come again into the Union as constituent
members of the Union. I trust, therefore, there
will be no amendment in this respect made to
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. MORTON. For one, Mr. President, I
am opposed to submitting the question of con-
vention or no convention to the people of the
rebel States in tjie beginning. I think the prop-
osition now offered as an amendment is at vari-
ance with this whole movement of reconstruc-
tion. "VYe have just provided a military govern-
ment for these people for the protection of the
rights of all, and it is now to the interest of all
of us to hasten the work of reconstruction. It
must not, if possible, be allowed to be procras-
tinated. It seems to me that we are softening
down very much when, after having provided a
military government for these people, we are
now so sensitive about having a convention
unless a majority of all the voters in a State
shall first vote in favor of it. I am not in favor
of submitting that question in the beginning.
If two thirds of the lawful voters of a State in
the South are not in favor of a convention, I
am not for giving them the power to defeat a
convention. 1 jpt them stay away from the polls;
but let them not thereby be able to defeat a
convention, and thus defeat the work of recon-
struction and prevent it from going forward.
Let the first election be held simply for the
40th Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 7.
purpose of electing delegates to the convention,
and if two thirds of the people of those States
choose to stand off upon their dignity or upon
a hatred of this Government and refuse to take
part in it, do not let it be in their power to defeat
the work of the convention and prevent its being
held. Let that go forward; let discussion go
on; let the convention be held and the consti-
tution formed. It is quite enough to give them
the right to vote the constitution down at the
last moment. Their rights are preserved by the
final vote upon the ratification or non-ratifica-
tion of the constitution.
We have established a military government
for these States. It is not to the interest of
this Republic to have that government con-
tinued one day longer than is necessary. We
propose now to provide the machinery by
which the people can go forward in the work
of reconstruction. If the rebels down there
say they will not have anything to do with it,
although their names are registered by the
commanding general under the terms of this
amendment, they have but to stay away from
the polls and the work is defeated. 1 would
not submit that question at all. I would not
even give them the power to vote it down
directly in the beginning. Let us simply have
the election of delegates; let us have the con-
vention ; let, us have a constitution formed by
the convention; and then it is enough, and it
is all that they can require, all that is necessary
to give all the people a right to vote the consti-
tution down at the last moment. They might
perhaps refuse to hold a convention; and yet
if it was held, and a constitution formed, they
would be very likely to ratify the constitution
itself. It would have gone so far that they
would not feel like going back and throwing
everything into chaos again and continuing
this military government; but now, when the
military government has just commenced, and
before they have felt the force of it, to give
them the opportunity of voting down a con-
vention altogether, it seems to me is impolitic
and is at variance with the object which we
have in view.
This supplemental bill is to provide the ma-
chinery of reorganization. It was very prop-
erly thought that what was everybody's busi-
ness was nobody's business; it must be placed
in the power of somebody to begin this work,
somebody to go forward in it. We want to
hasten it. The country cannot afford to have
it, procrastinated, to have it linger on from
year to year. The condition of things down
there is abnormal We must hasten to make it
normal, to bring these States into harmonious
relations with this Government as soon as it
can be done consistently with liberty, with
safety to all, and with equal rights to all. I
say that I would not give to the people, nor
would I submit even to the convention as pro-
vided for by the committee, the question
whether they will form a constitution. Let it
be understood that there is to be a convention,
that there is to be a constitution formed, and
let it be formed and submitted to the people;
and their right is reserved at the very last to
vote it down if, upon their final judgment, after
discussion, after full consideration, they deem
it to be inimical to their interests.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it is doubt-
less desirable that the rebel States should at
the proper time be readmitted into the Union.
No one denies this. The Government of the
United States at the present time holds them,
as I have often said, by virtue of conquest, by
force of arms, subject to the Government of
'the United States in all respects as conquered
communities, a light in which only they can
be viewed. We hold them, however, as I have
before said, in a fiduciary relation: we hold
them in trust to be restored to their original
rights as States at such time and in sucli man-
ner as we, the Congress of the United States,
may see fit, having in view the good of_the
whole people and the tranquillity of the nation.
I am not in such hot haste to discharge and
perform this trust as to induce me to vote for
the readmission of rebel States into Congress
while there is a majority of the people of those
States opposed to the connection. I will never
agree to make an attempt to establish repub-
lican .government in any State of this Union or
in any Territory of the Union based upon the
votes of a minority of the population. Give
us a free and clear expression of a majority of
the population, whose will is* law in all repub-
lican governments, and do not attempt to set up
governments and call them republican in the
maintenance and support of Vhich there is not
to_ be found the voice of a majority. Sir, a
minority government in this country cannot
subsist. A government by a minority is incon-
sistent with the very spirit and genius of Ameri-
can politics and American government. If,
therefore, there be not a majority of the vot-
ing population of any one of these rebel States
in favor of coming back and taking their posi-
tion as a State in the Union, I am for- keep-
ing them out until doomsday, or'until at least
they see the error of their ways and repent in
dust and ashes for the wrong which they are
doingto their own people and to the people of
the United States. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] would have us force govern-
ments upon these communities. He would
allow a minority in these States to set about
the work of reconstruction and the formation
of new constitutions for them. I will not do
it consciously, unless I am satisfied that it is
the will of a majority of the people of each
of these States.
Now, sir, according to the scheme which
that Senator suggests, the commander of the
district by means of his military order perfects
a registration, orders an election to be held in
each State, and the persons registered who
vote may constitute a small minority of the
whole people; but that minority proceeds to
form a constitution, and the delegates forming
the constitution may be, and in some instances
doubtless will be, the representatives of a mere
minority of the people ; and after the con-
stitution has been formed, it is to be submit-
ted, by the bill which we passed at the last
session, for the ratification of such persons as
happen to be registered within the limits of
the State; and it then proceeds to declare that
if the constitution shall receive the vote of a
majority, not of the persons registered, but of
those actually voting upon that question, it
shall become the constitution of the State.
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; a majority of the
persons registered. That is the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. "And when such consti-
tution shall be ratified by a majority of the
persons voting on the question of ratification, "
is the language of the statute. A majority of
the persons voting, not a majority of the per-
sons registered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The language of
this bill is, a majority of the persons registered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the amend-
ment of the Senate committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I am talking
about the statute. I read from the act itself
which we passed a few days ago, not this bill
before us which is a departure, so far as that
is concerned, from the act which we passed,
and not in conformity with it. The proposi-
tion which we have made is, that if this Con-
stitution shall be ratified by a majority of the
persons voting upon the question of ratifica-
tion it shall become the constitution of the
State. That is the proposition which we have
held out to them thus far. I do not propose
to change the statute in that respect. I prefer
infinitely to take the sense of the people of
each one of these States as a preliminary step
whether they are or are not willing to comply
with these propositions which we have hon-
estly made them, and thus come back into the
Union in the manner prescribed by us ; and I
know of no form which is more just and better
calculated to satisfy the necessities of the case
than that which is contained in the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Missouri. I
hope, therefore, it will be adopted. Let ns
begin this work at the beginning, commencing
