1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
The authority to acquire territory, (which
was at one time doubted by some of the best
men of the former age,) even with those who
held that, the authority existed and with those
who hold it now, was not supposed to be an
authority granted to us for the purpose of re-
taining the people in any such territory in a
territorial condition. It, was stated, and we
have acted upon that theory, that the people
of any territory acquired were to become
States at as early a period as was consistent
with the condition and rights of the States
already in the Union. We were but guardians,
in the sense of the Constitution as originally
understood, for the people of those territories
and bound at the earliest moment consistent
with the safety of the other" States and the
rights of the other States to introduce them
among us as States at the earliest moment.
Now, Mr. President, the amendment sug-
gested by the honorable member from Missouri
assumes as possible, and the honorable mem-
ber from Maine supposes that it may be possi-
ble, that there is a majority in each one of
those Slates or in some one of the States inimical
to a restoration of their particular State into
the Union. That, in my judgment, is a hostil-
ity if it exists, which should also be defeated.
It is but another mode of accomplishing one
of the designs which they had in inaugurating
the rebellion, to escape from their obligation as
States and as citizens of such Stares. If, there-
fore, there is a majority (assuming it now to
be true for the sake of the argument) of the
people of any one of these States unwilling to
come into the Union, and there be any portion
of the people willing to come in, I would leave
it to that portion and force the majority to be
with us again and to be governed as the peo-
ple of States, and to be responsible to the gov-
ernment of their States.
The honorable member from Michigan has
told ns that no Government founded upon the
will of a minority of the people can be repub-
lican. I have no doubt the honorable member
is sincere in that view. Does he not consider
those who took a leading part or an instru-
mental part in the rebellion as people of the
States; and if he does, and he supposes that no
government can be republican which does not
consult in t)ie first instance the will of all, why
is it that he voted to exclude a large portion
of the people of those States from the exercise
of the right of franchise?
Mr. HOWARD. Because they are public
enemies.
Mr. J OHNSON. Public enemies; but they
are people. But I have another reason for
wishing to force them in. Even supposing that
there were not financial reasons in the ordinary
sense of the term, or reasons of State, I am
exceedingly unwilling to govern these States
by military rule. What is it to cost in money?
In addition to its cost in money what is it not
to cost in the sacrifice of the principles of free-
dom and of liberty upon which our institutions
rest? These people may become attached to
military rule; the people of the United States
may believe that.it, is the best mode of govern-
ing the South, and finally come to the conclusion
that it is the best mode of governing the entire
North; and then for the republican institutions
foundedupon freedom, which our fathers fought
to establish and established, we may have sub-
stituted a military Government. In my view,
Mr. President, that is the hazard that we dare
not (speaking politically) run.
It is supposed that the amendment suggested
by the committee requires for the adoption of
the constitution which the convention may j
frame a majority of all the registered votes. I
do not so understand it. But if it be capable
of that interpretation it is a very easy thing in
that particular to amend it. I understand it
now as I understood it in committee, as con-
taining no such provision. If*ifc is to be found
anywhere, it is in the fourth section of the
amendment reported by the Judiciary Commit-
tee. The words of that section are:
That if, according to said returns, the constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the votes of the
electors registered—
That is to say, as I understand it,  f those
registered voting; and it is not therefore obnox-
ious to the criticism to which it is subjected
by my friend from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me to correct him, I was speaking in reference
to the reconstruction act which we passed at
the last session, and not in reference to the
bill upon which he is now commenting.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is in conformity to
it. I think the amendatory bill conforms in
that particular to that act, as my friend will see,
I think, upon comparing the two; but whether
it ba so or not, it is a very easy thing to amend
it in thxt particular.
Mr. HOWARD. The actitself only requires
a majority of the persons voting on the ques-
tion of ratification.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 was not speaking in ref-
erence to this bill.
Mr. X OHNSON. I understood the honor-
able member as saying that the bill departed
from the original act in that particular.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly the bill does
depart from it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not as ^mended, if I
understand it aright; but in that respect it can
be very easily set right.
I was about to say, Mr. President, that from
the mo ment the original military bill was in-
troduced up to the present time I believe the
reflecting men of the South, those who par-
ticipated in the rebellion as well as those who
did not, those who are to be disfranchised as
well as those who are not, have been, to a
great extent, in favor of this measure. They
are willing to live disfranchised if the people
of their States are permitted to come in as
citizens of the Stales and entitled to the exer-
cise of the franchise, as provided for by the
original bill and by this bill. Why not let them
come in? The question answers itself, in my
judgment. There is no reason in the world,
there can be no reason plausibly assigned for
keeping- them out, except—and I am sure that
reason does not influence any member of the
Senate—a desire to keep them out.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the amendment of Mr. Drake.
Mr. BUCKALEW (when his name was
called) said : I desire to say one word before
I vote. I would very cheerfully vote for this
amendment if it required the vote of a majority
of the persons actually voting at the election.
I vote '' nay."
Tlic result was then announced—yeas 17,
nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Drake. Ferry,
Fcssenien, Fowler, Harlan, Howard,Howe, Morgan,
Moi-rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and
Wnde-IT.
iSAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Cnigm, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little.Frelinshuyscvi, Grimes,Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Moiton, Patterson of Tennesseo, Ramsey,
Hoss, Sherman, Bprajruo, Stewart, Xiumbull, Van
Winkle, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—27*
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell. Edmunds, Guthrie, Nor-
ton, Syo, Pomeroy, ltiddle, Saulsbury, and W llley—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I shall offer an
amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I stated when I got up that
I had several amendments to offer, and if the
Senator from Maine would allow me to offer
one other at this time I would be much obliged
to him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the fourth
section of the substitute by adding at the end
thereof:
Provided, That no such constitution shall be con-
sidered as entitling: tho State for which it is framed
to such, representation unless it provide that at all
elections by the people for btatc, county, or muni-
cipal officejfe the electors shall voto by eloscd bal-
lot, and that such mode of voting shall never be
changed without the assent of Congress.
Mr. President, I have offered this amend-
ment because of my knowledge from actual
observation during a large portion of my life
of the power which the minority of the people
have exercised over tlie majority in some of
the States of this Union through the viva voce
system of voting; and I wish that that power
should, if possible, by the action of this Con-
gress be fully and hnally broken in these
States.
The substitute prepared by the Judiciary
Committee provides that all 'elections held
under this act shall be by ballot. The com-
mittee therefore recognize the importance of
a fair and honest expression by that people,
unterrified by the presence of those who have
heretofore governed them, in the matter of the
election held under this act. I wish to perpet-
uate that freedom to the people of these States.
It is perfectly manifest to me that whenever
these States are reconstructed the power is no
longer to be in the hands of their aristocracy.
The masses of the people, those upon whom
the reproach has heretofore been cast of being
the "poor white trash" of the South, com-
bined with those who have heretofore been
trampled down even below the "poor white
trash" in the slavery to which they were sub-
jected, these two classes are to be, until the
infusion of a new life from the North into that
region shall have taken place, the Governors
of these rebel States; and the object of this
amendment is that they shall be allowed to
govern these States according to their free and
unbiased will through all coming time as that
will may be expressed through the closed bal-
lot ; that the elections by ballot shall not be
held merely during the operation of this act,
but that whenever their constitutions are
formed there the principles shall be planted
for the protection of those men forever here-
after ; that no mail is to stand at the polls in
any of these States and frown down the will
of the people, as has been done for long years
past, but that every man shall forever on that
soil have the full privilege of a freeman in vot-
ing just as his conscience and his judgment
dictate.
If this measure be not adopted by the Sen-
ate, what will be the result? They will form
their constitutions and they will perpetuate
viva voce voting in every one of these States ;
and when you have got that perpetuated in
their constitution, good bye to the will of the
loyal people of these States; each one of them
will still be governed, as it has been in all
time past, by an aristocracy, the same aristoc-
racy that struck at the Union, the same that
got up the war which was its war, and dragged
the poor man into it as the poor man's fight.
I propose that those poor men shall speak
the voice of that region. I propose that no
more aristocracies shall lay down the law
for the majority of that people. Sir, we can-
not accomplish it in any other way than by
guarding the right of the voter there in the
closed ballot, and guarding it so that it shall
never be taken away from him. If we do not,
even supposing they form their constitutions
now with the ballot system embodied in them,
as soon as ever the eye of the General Govern-
ment is taken off them, and its power over them
has ceased, they will change that thing again,
for they will find bythe operation of the ballot
system that the scepter of power has passed
away from that aristocracy.
Therefore, sir, it is that I wish they should
be informed beforehand, told in plain terms by
the Congress of the United States, that they
need send no constitution here which does not
guaranty to every man on their soil a free and
unrestricted vote in the iJlosed ballot which he
himself can deposit without scrutiny m the
ballot-box that is to se ure freedom 
Mr. CONKLING. "Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. I will, sir.
Mr. CONICL1NG. Suppose these Sfates,
one or all, should adopt constitutions in which
should be inserted a provision such as the Sen-
ator suggests, as strong as he could draw it;
