1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
101
every man in this Chamber is sooner or later
to be accountable. And, sir, there is among
that people a profound radicalism, a radical-
ism which has a strange and new-fashioned
way of shelving those who vacillate or stagger,
as well as those who desert. Some gentlemen
of this body have had experience of that.
Perhaps it is not without the range of possibility
that some others may have similar experience
in the not very distant future. Sir, I stand
here as a representative, on the territory of
the State to which I belong, of that determined
radicalism which will tolerate not the least
wavering in any man which it intrusts with a
public position. Now, as one of the expres-
sions of that very sentiment I offer this amend-
ment, which is intended to perpetuate power
in the rebel States in the hands of the loyal
people, and to drag it out of the hands of a
rebellious and wicked aristocracy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret
the wide range which this debate is taking, as
I am exceedingly anxious that we should act
upon the bill under consideration, perfect it as
well as we may, and be in a position at an
early day to adjourn the present session of
Congress. But, sir, if we are to discuss all
these questions of radicalism, and as to what is
radical radicalism and conservative radical-
ism, and as to the men who falter and those
who do not, I know not when we shall get a
vote upon the bill or even upon the pending
amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Time is not important.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps not to the Sen-
ator from Missouri; but time is important to
the people of this country. Time is very im-
portant, and it is important that at the earliest
day practicable with the safety of this Union
all its members should be restored to fraternal
relations and feelings. But, sir, I am not to
be betrayed into any discussion of what con-
stitutes radicalism or is not radicalism. The
question before the Senate calls for no such
discussion. Nor will I even enter into an ar-
gument as to the respective merits of the viva
voce and the ballot system. Much may be said
in favor of each ; but I by no means admit that
the ballot system is the only system that is to
preserve the liberties of this country. I never
believed much in that kind of secrecy that
withholds from the people the facts. I want
to see every man an independent voter, not
sneaking to the polls and hiding his expression
in a secret ballot. Sir, it is by secret ballots
and secret systems of other kinds that liberty
has been trodden down everywhere. The
"divine right of kings to rule" has a sort of
mystery about it. I confide in the open, inde-
pendent voter .that goes to the polls and tells
how he votes; and I have no such opinion of
my fellow-countrymen, I have no such opinion
of the masses of the people of this country, as
to suppose that they dare not tell out how they
vote. I do not believe in it at all. It leads to
fraud, to ballot-box stuffing, and all sorts of
cheating. You have no faith in these leaders
of the South, and yet you are going to let them
have the ballot-box, to change ballots, to stuff
the ballot-box. You cannot do that when
every man goes up to the polls and says, " 1
vote for the constitution; I vote for John
Strong for Governor." There is no cheating
then.
But I said—and I have almost forgotten my-
self—that I was not going to discuss that ques-
tion. I wish to state a fact, however. It is
not true that in most of the southern States the
voting is viva voce. It is not so in Tennessee;
I think not in the Carolinas. It is so in Vir-
ginia.
Mr. DRAKE. Tennessee is not a rebel
State now, nor legislated for under this bill.
Mr. THCJMBULL. It is not so in Carolina.
Mr. DRAKE. Which Carolina?
Mr. TRUMBULL. North Carolina, as I
am informed since the gentleman was speak-
ing. I understand it is not so in most of the
southern States. It is so in Virginia, I be-
lieve ; but I have been informed by a member
of this body while the Senator was speaking
that in most of the southern States the mode
qf voting is now by ballot.
But, sir, a sufficient objection, I think, to
the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Missouri is this: the object
of this bill is to carry out a bill we have already
passed; and in that bill w,e laid down the terms
upon which we will recognize governments in
the rebel States, and it is not one of those
terms that they shall put into their constitu-
tions a provision that they shall vote by ballot.
The only object of this bill is to afford the
machinery to carry out a law we have already
passed; and shall we go on adding in each" bill
that we get up some new requirement before
they have had any opportunity to act upon the
proposition we have submitted? Now, sir, we
have submitted to these people certain con-
ditions upon which we will recognize their gov-
ernments and receive representation into the
Congress of the United Slates. It was thought
that bill was not perfeat. It was said that it
provided no way by which the people could
give expression to their feelings, to their opin-
ions ; that it pointed out no person to call a
convention; that the result of leaving the
legislation as it was by the act which we passed
at the last session of Congress would be that
different parties might get up conventions in
the same State, and there would be danger of
collisions, and of bloodshed even. In order
to avoid that it was proposed by my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who in-
troduced this bill substantially as it is now
pending before the Senate, to designate a way
by which the people might give expression to
their opinions and determine whether they
would proceed to create State governments in
accordance with the requirements of Congress.
That is all there is in this bill. Now, I object
to putting upon it a new requirement.
As I have already stated, much might be
said on the question of voting by ballot and
viva voce. Different States have different
modes of voting. In my State, until within a
few years, we voted viva voce; but that has
now been altered, and the mode of voting there
is by ballot. The people thought it better to
change to the ballot system, and I am not sure'
but that that is the best system. Each has its
advantages and disadvantages. But I trust
that no amendment of the character proposed
will be put upon this bill, because it is an
additional requirement, and, in my judgment,
is not acting in good faith now when we are
passing a bill merely supplemental to the other,
and to enable the people to carry out the other,
to impose new and additional conditions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish
simply to say that I shall vote against the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Missouri,
not that I do not like it, because I prefer the
ballot and should be willing to take any pre-
caution to secure the ballot, but for the reason
that in this bill, or in any bill that we pass, I
am opposed, as I have been, to making a con-
stitution for a State. We leave it to the States
to make their own constitutions. Perhaps I
would be in favor of it if the constitution when
made was conclusive to bring about their ad-
mission ; but in the bill which we passed we
provided that the constitution when made should
be submitted to Congress, and if approved by
Congress then they might be entitled to repre-
sentation. That I think sufficient for our secur-
ity, and I prefer not to put this provision and
that provision and the other provision which we
desire to have in their constitution into a bill
of this kind as preliminary, because I do not
want to say to them in advance substantially,
" If you do certain things I will agree to your
constitution.:' I am not prepared to say what
I shall agree to. I do not know what fault I
shall find, and I do not want to say in advance,
by implication even, that this is all I require.
I prefer that their constitution when it comes
here should pass under our examination, and
that thei we should be at liberty to state our
objections to it, and not be met with the remark,
"If you object on this point or that why did
you not put it in with other things in your act
in the beginning?'' ,,I prefer to leave all these
questions open for our consideration •syhen the
constitution is made and submitted to us for
examination.
Mr. CONKLING. 'Mr. President, I have
sent for the case to Vhich I referred; - and be-
fore making a remark about it I wish to say
to the Senator from Missouri that I under-
stood him to consent, upon my application,
that I might interrupt him to propose a ques-
tion to him. I had not the slightest idea of
diverting him from his argument or in any way
disturbing him; but as I understand he has
since made some remark implying dissatisfac-
tion at my having done it, which I was not
able to catch where I sat, I wish to beg his
pardon for the interruption, and at the same
time to thank him for the very lucid answer
which he gave to the question which he allowed
me to put.
Mr. DRAKE. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York 
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to say that I did not
make any remark that I know of that expressed
dissatisfaction with the interruption of the gen-
tleman. The gentleman asked me to allow him
to interrupt me to put a question, which I con-
sented to, and out of that grew a debate be-
tween the gentleman from New York and the
gentleman from Maine; and I finally remarked
that I thought I had given way long enough,
and that I would proceed with my argument.
Mr. CONKLING. I had no idea of inter-
polating a three-cornered duel [laughter] into
the speech of the Senator, and I am very sorry
if anything occurred about it which was in any
way unsatisfactory to him.
1 rose to say that I have sent for the case to
which 1 alluded, the case of Pollard vs. Hagan,
in 3 Howard, which does decide, and which
did decide as long ago as 1845, the proposition
which I stated, that a compact of this sort
made by a community, pending its admissipn
as a State, ceases to bind it when it consum-
mates its Statehood and takes on the sover-
eignty of a member of the Union in all respects.
That is the law as it was decided by the high-
est judicial tribunal of the land as long ago as
I mentioned.
Mr. SUMNER. Was the court unanimous
or divided ? I ask for information.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not looked to
see as to that. I will look to see. It is a long
time since I have had occasion to look at the
case. [After examining the volume.] There
is no dissenting opinion. It is the ease of Pol
lard vs. Ilagan, 3 Howard, commencing a'
page 212.
Mr. SUMNER. Who gave the opinion?
Mr. CONKLING. Senators can look for
themselves. Here is the book.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator had the
book in his hand, I asked.
Mr. CONKLING. It is a somewhat long
opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely asked the name
of the judge.
Mr. CONKLING. There are several opin-
ions. I will look and state them, although I
did not mean to take time to do.so. Mr. Jus-
tice McKinley, I find, gave one opinion; Mr.
Justice Catron one, and nobody else seems to
have written. There is no dissenting opinion,
and the decision of the court is to the effect
which I have stated.
I was going to say that is the decision of the
Supreme Court made long ago, and it has been
made repeatedly since, where that was a point
in judgment, and it was referred to afterward.
I cannot state the cases, but I recollect that in
substance the question has often been up.
Mr. JOHNSON. That decision has never
been doubted.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe it has never
been doubted that that was the law. _ I am
aware, of course, that upon the question of
admitting a Senator or member to a seat what
the Supreme Court had said upon a questian
of law would not be obligatory upon either
House. I did not suggest it wish any such
