102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
view ; but merely to show that the settled law
as law upon this point was against the proposi-
tion submitted by the Senator from Missouri.
That is all I want to say about it, except
that I have very great doubt, like the Senator
from Illinois, whether a perpetual provision in
a constitution, if you could imbed it there,
that voting should always be by ballot and
never otherwise, would tend to the security of
any one or anything, and last of all to the
security of those people who by reason of their
helplessness or their ignorance may be sup-
posed to require protection. *1 can under-
stand how a man who is unable to read a bal-
lot, who may be deceived or cheated in that
mode of voting, may be able as infallibly as
any member of this body to go to the polls
and proclaim with his tongue whether he votes
for one candidate or another, for one party or
another. Therefore, upon both the consider-
ations which I conceive enter into the ques-
tion of this amendment, I shall vote against it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, at the risk of
being classed a "conservative radical," I shall
vote against the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Missouri. I have
bad some little experience in this matter of
the secret ballot. Some fifteen years ago we
of Massachusetts enacted a secret ballot law,
and we were right confident that we had made
a great radical reform; but when the day of
election came round, and our people, who had
ever been accustomed to the open ballot were
required to put their votes in sealed envelopes,
they somehow got it into their heads that our
great radical reform was just no reform at all.
So the compulsory portion of the secret ballot
law went down, and some of its friends went
down for a time with it, and no one now thinks
of sealing up his vote.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts allow me to suggest to him
that the word "secret" is not in this amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. The expression is "closed
ballot."
Mr. DRAKE. "Closed ballot," such as
you say is voted in Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. With the Senator from Mis-
souri I am for the ballot instead of the viva
voce mode of voting, and I trust that, these
States in their new constitutions will abandon
the one and adopt the other, but I do not wish
to make this new mode of voting a condition-
precedent to restoration. I fear this people
will think we are trifling with them. I fear
, that our friends everywhere will think we are
seeking here new grounds of difference rather
than a reasonable plan of adjustment if we
insist on making questions of this character
conditions of the final restoration of these
States to their practical relations.
For years the country has been stirred to its
profoundest depths by the mighty conflict be-
tween the vital forces of freedom and slavery.
Opinion grappled with opinion until the bloody
issues of civil war were precipitated upon the
country. In the stern conflict of ideas and
in the sterner conflict of arms we have swept
the field. Our ideas and our arms are com-
pletely victorious; our power is assured, and
our ideas are to be the accepted opinions of
our country so long as that country shall last.
We have been the champions of emancipa-
tion, of civil rights, of enfranchisement, of
political equality. By a series of legislative
acts, by the immortal proclamation of emanci-
pation, by the great constitutional amendment,
slavery went down forever in America, and
four million bondmen were clothed with the
rights of freemen. By the enactment of that
great measure, the civil rights bill, these free-
men were declared citizens of the United States
and entitled to all the civil rights that belonged
to other citizens of the Republic. By the four-
teenth article of the Amendments to the Con-
stitution, now, I maintain, a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States—
""No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of tho United States, nor shall any Stats deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of law, nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws."
This grand, comprehensive, and all-embra-
cing provision of the Constitution, which Con-
fess is empowered to enforce by appropriate
legislation, makes every man from the Potomac
to the Rio Grande before the law as free as
the Senators who sit in this Chamber.
By the provisions of the act for the more
efficient government of the rebel States the
people of those States are required to adopt
the constitutional amendment that takes for-
ever from them the power to abridge the priv-
ileges or immunities of their three and a half
million colored nien, or to deprive the hum-
blest of them of life, liberty, or property, or
to deny to them the equal protection of'the
laws ; to conform their own State constitutions
to the provisions of the amendment, and to
concede to their late bondmen, fully and com-
pletely, the unrestricted right of manhood suf-
frage. The nation has dictated to the people
of the States lately in rebellion these condi-
tions, which they must accept ere Senators
and Representatives of theirs'can sit in these
Chambers, and their Senators and their Rep-
resentatives must in addition be able to take
the iron-clad oath of office. The triumph of
the power of the nation is complete; the
triumph of the ideas of the nation is complete.
From all sections of the rebel States comes
the intelligence that masses of the peoplfe lately
in rebellion are ready to accept the conditions
imposed by the nation and to comply with the
terms which the nation, in the plenitude of its
power, exacts. To carry into effect the act for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States, and to facilitate the restoration of these
States to their practical relations with the Gov-
ernment, I introduced this bill on the 7th day
of March. It was carefully drawn, and received
the sanction of gentlemen of talent and char-
acter. On the 9th it was taken up by the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate, and its leading
features received the unanimous support of
the committee. On the same day it was taken
up by the Judiciary Committee of the House
of Representatives and amended in some of its
details; reported to th'e House on the 11th, and
on the same day it passed the House. On the
13 th this bill comes back from the Senate Com-
mittee onthe Judiciary with the pendingamend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, the House
bill and the substitute of the committee being
in form and substance, in purpose and in name,
the bill introduced by me on the 7th of the
month.
The amendment adopted by the House of
Representatives, that the persons appointed
to complete the registration and superintend
the election shall take the oath prescribed by
the actapproved July2, 1862, entitled "An act
to prescribe an oath of office," weakens our
political friends rather than our political ene-
mies. It is a restriction, not upon the men
whose sympathies are with the rebellion, but a
restriction upon men who earnestly desire the
complete restoration of those States to their
practical relations, who steadfastly support the
Constitution aud obey the laws, and who are in
sympathy with and desire to affiliate with the
great Union Republican party of the United
States. In Virginia, in North Carolina, in the
other States lately in rebellion, there are thou-
sands of earnest, sincere men, who went into
therebellion orwho were dragged into the rebel-
lion, who clearly see and confess their mistake,
who are now with their country and for their
country, who joyously accept the policy of
freedom and enfranchisement, who desire to
stand upon our platform and to bear our flag
in the conflicts of the future. These men
know their States and the people of their
States, their public men and private citizens ;
they desire to fight, and they will fight our bat-
tles if we will trust them and permit them to
do so.
I am for trusting these earnest, siiftere men,
although they were once in some degree com-
promised by the rebellion. I want to see the
six hundred thousand freedmen in the rebel
States now entitled to the right of suffrage,
the tried and ever true loyal men, and the now
sincere and earnest, but once deluded men,
banded together.and united with us as a part
of the great party of patriotism and liberty,
justice and humanity. This combination, if
made as it can be made and ought to be made,
would give us North Carolina and South Caro-
lina, Alabama and Louisiana, and slake the
power of men whose sympathies are still with
the rebellion in several other States. If we
would aid in thus combining the real and
steadfast friends of the country in the future
we must treat with generous confidence the
men who seek to cooperate with us, and not
meet their proffered support with averted faces
and continued distrust and reproaches. If
these States are organized as they should be,
if we are firm-in principle, generous in speech,
and kind in act, now that we are complete mas-
ters of the situation, these rebel States that
plunged into the fire and blood of revolution,
that struggled to exhaustion through a four
years' war to dismember the Union and per-
petuate human slavery, will be as radical as
the radical radicals of Missouri, so well repre-
sented by the honorable member whose amend-
ment is now pending.
Willing as I am to trust our military com-
manders to select officers and persons to make
the registration, confident as I am that there
are hundreds of earnest and sincere men
whose knowledge and whose services would be
of infinite value in this work, I regret that the
House of Representatives, under the lead of
the Judiciary Committee of that body, should
have insisted on applying the iron-clad oath of
office, and thus casting away knowledge and
service almost invaluable to us. I humbly
submit that this policy does not tend to hasten
on the day when men who accept our faith and
creed shall have controlling majorities in the
rebel States.
The House of Representatives, too, under
the lead of its Judiciary Committee, struck
out the sixth section of my bill, authorizing the
commanding general of each district at his
own discretion to permit the acting Governor
of any State to perform the duties imposed by
this act. My purpose was to allow Governor
Peirpoint, of Virginia, and Governor Murphy,
of Arkansas, who thoroughly understand the
people and the public men of their States,
who know those who can be trusted and those
who cannot, with the consent of their com-
manding generals, to superintend the registra-
tion of the votes in their respective States.
I have the utmost confidence in General Scho-
field and in General Ord, but they cajmot
possibly know the men of those States who
may be intrusted to perform the duties im-
posed by this act so well as the Governors I
have named.
The Judiciary Committee of the Senate has
made an amendment in the first section of the
bill, that like these two amendments of the
House of Representatives is calculated to
strengthen our political enemies. The ori-
ginal oath required that every elector should
solemnly swear that he was sincerely and earn-
estly attached to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and would steadfastly support the
Constitution and obey the laws of the United
States, and encourage all others to such sup-
port. and obedience. This oath ignored the
rebellion, required no test concerning it; it
dealt, not with the issues of the past, but with
the present and the future. It may be that
there is a class of men—I hope not a large
one—who passionately hate the Union and the
Government, of the United States; who will
not support the Constitution nor obey the laws,
and will not encourage others to such support
and obedience. The country and their States
might well spare this class of men ; and if they
should shrink from taking this oath of fidelity
and obedience, the country and its friends might
at least for the present gain something by their
absence from the ballot-box. I regret that the
committee should have stricken from that oath
the words that required them to swear that they
