1867.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
were sincerely and earnestly attached to the
Government of the United States. In spite,
however, of these three amendments to my
original bill, which amendments I sincerely
believe are calculated to weaken the friends
of the Government and to weaken those in the
rebel States who ought to act with us and who
desire lo act with us, I shall cheerfully yield
my own convictions to the perhaps better judg-
ment of others.
The ThirtyiNinth Congress, in obedience to
the clearly-expressed will of the nation, dis-
tinctly laid down the conditions of reconstruc-
tion and restoration. In spite of the action
of the Chief Magistrate of the Republic, of
political organizations and public men, the
nation is as firmly resolved to enforce those
conditions as it was to crush out the rebellion
with the iron hand of war. The men of the
South, whose fields have been blighted by war,
whose fortunes have been wasted, whose sons
have fallen in the bloody strife, cannot fail to
see the impotency of the Executive and the
abortive efforts of his friends to arrest or baffle 1
the determined purpose of the nation. Men
who sincerely desire peace, who accept the
results of the war, who desire the protection
of law, and who are struggling to restore their
wasted fortunes, are turning to Congress, to
those who represent the will of the nation,
and are asking us for a well-defined plan to
carry into practical operation the conditions
we have imposed upon them. This bill was
framed and introduced to meet the needs of
the country, and its prompt adoption by the
Foitieth Congress will facilitate the accept-
ance of the conditions we have, imposed, and
the restoration of the States lately in rebellion.
1 believe the hour has come when the victors
in the great conflict through which the nation
has passed and is passing should strive by gen-
erous words and deeds to convince their coun-
trymen lately in armed rebellion against their
native land that we embrace in our affection
the whole country and the people of the whole
country, and that we would forgive, forget,
and unite.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I shall
say but a word in relation to the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Missouri. In
the first place, I believe that it is unconstitu-
tional to attempt to impose any such condition
upon a future State of the Union. The Con-
stitution of the United States is the supreme
law of the land over the States within this
Union, and any law which Congress may pass,
any compact which Congress may enter into
with any State, is as a matter of course subor-
dinated to the Constitution itself, and the Con-
stitution leaves to each State full power over
the regulation of suffrage. It is, therefore,
impossible for Congress to impose any such
condition. Besides all that, we have heard
from the decision of the supreme judicial tri-
bunal that all such compacts are utterly null
and void, for the plainest reason in the world,
that tho Constitution of the United States is
the supreme lmv of the land.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin allow me 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall be through in
about five minutes.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wanted to call the
Senator's attention to a matter in connection
with that remark.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I shall finish
what I have to say without any discourtesy to
the honorable Senator from Missouri, and I
fear that the interruption may perhaps pro-
tract the discussion longer than I desire.
The Missouri compact, which has been re-
ferred to, was a provision inserted in the act
admitting Missouri, that the State of Missouri,
in substance, should not violate the Constitu-
tion of the United States; or rather that one
of the sections of the constitution of Missouri
which was in conflict with the Constitution of
the United States should never be enforced.
There was no compact between Congress and
Missouri for any new provision ; but that sec-
tion of the constitution of Missouri which au-
thorized the Legislature to declare that no free
colored citizen should ever come into the State
of Missouri was held by Congress to be in
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States, and therefore it was that Congress said
in the act admitting Missouri that that section
of the constitution of Missouri should be re-
garded as null and void forever. I do not
quote the precise language, but I am stating
the substance. All that Congress .declared
was that Missouri should not violate the Con-
stitution of the United States. So that case
is no precedent whatever.
Mr. President, I did not intend to be led off
into the discussion of anything else than the pre-
cise question before the Senate upon the pend-
ing amendment. I am opposed to the amend-
ment for the reason that I think we have
no power to bind any State in the future by
any provision that Congress may adopt which
the Constitution of the United States itself
does not impose; and the very constitutional
amendment which is submitted to the States,
and which it is required of the States shall be
adopted by them as a part of the basis of re-
construction, assumes that each State shall
have the power to regulate the question of
suffrage and to prescribe the qualifications of
voters.
Mr.MORTON. I should like to hear this
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment proposed
by Mr. Drake.
Mr. MORTON. I would respectfully sug-
gest to the Senator from Missouri that he can
attain all that he desires by his amendment and
yet leave off the last and the objectionable
clause, which is that containing the statement
that this shall never be changed. I do not
believe we have the right to lay a perpetual
obligation upon an incoming State or upon a
State that is about to be restored. We can
prescribe the conditions upon which wo will
admit a State. We can say, "You shall put
universal suffrage in the constitution," or
"You shall put voting by ballot in the constitu-
tion, or we will not receive you." But after the
State has been received, it is at liberty then to
amend its constitution in any manner so that
it maintains a republican form of government.
We cannot bind any State not to amend the
constitution, so that the amendment be con-
sistent with a republican form of government;
but we can say that these constitutions shall
not be accepted, in the first place, unless they
contain a provision that the voting shall be by
ballot; and that will answer all the purpose
the Senator from Missouri wishes to attain ;
for if that provision is once fixed in a consti-
tution it can never be gotten out; the secret
ballot will prevent it from being taken out.
If this change were made m the amendment
T could vote for it most heartily. I believe it
to be of the utmost importance to tho South,
far more so than in Massachusetts or Indiana
or any of the northern States. Bear in mind
that the South is divided into large plantations,
large landed estates, and that the great mass
of the colored voters are tenants upon these
estates. They are dependent. Let me sup-
pose a case where there are fifty colored voters
upon one plantation; their little homes are
upon that plantation ; they are dependent upon
tho owner of it for their employment and their
daily food. If he is a candidate and stands by
the polls, and these poor men come up to vote,
and understand full well that if they vote against
him they will be ejected from their homes and
lose their employment, I say they are not ill-
dependent voters. It is, therefore, necessary
to secure the independence of such voters that
they be allowed to vote by ballot, and to vote
sccretly, so that their votes cannot be inspected
by the men who have the power to drive them
from their houses and to deprive thena of the
means of making a living.
Sir, the case is widely different in the South
! from what it is in the North ; but the secret
j ballot is^mportant everywhere where there is
| a dependent laboring population : and the
i peculiar circumstances by which the southern
people are now surrounded make it far more
important than ever. If the Senator from
Missouri will modify his amendment so as
simply to require them to put a provision for
the ballot in their constitutions, without say-
ing that they never can change the constitu-
tion in that particular, I am for it. But, sir,
when these States are once in here they are
equal. Each State has a right to amend its
constitution in any manner consistent with the
republican form of government. If they were .
to put it in their constitution and afterward
change it in violation of the compact made
here to-day I disagree entirely with the Sena-
ator from Missouri that we could expel their
representatives from this Chamber. Such a
doctrine cannot be maintained under the Con-
stitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before this subject
passes from the Senate I desire to correct my
colleague in one statement that he was, in the
haste of debate, led to make in reply to the
Senator from New York. If I understood him
aright, he stated that in 1847 the State of Mis-
souri had passed an act providing that free ne-
groes might be sold into slavery. If my colleague
remembers aright I am very much mistaken.
My recollection of the legislation was that in
1,847 the Legislature passed an act that free ne-
groes should not again be permitted to comeinto
the State unless they gave bond and security
of resident white persons who had already re-
sided in the State; but in 1859 both branches
of the Legislature passed an act providing that
all those who had come in subsequent to 1847
might be or should be sold into slavery, which
act my colleague voted against, and he will
remember that the Executive, Mr. Stewart, at
that time vetoed the bill. Hence there never
was a law upon the statute-books of Missouri
providing for the sale of free negroes into sla-
very. In that particular I think he has done
our State injustice, perhaps iu the haste of
debate. That is my recollection of the legis-
lation of the State.
Now, one word in reference to the other
poiut. It is true, as stated by the Senator from
Wisconsin, that at the time of the admission
of the State of Missouri there was a clause in
tho State constitution enabling the Legislature
to pass laws prohibiting the immigration of
free negroes into the State. Before the ad-
mission, however, Congress passed an act re-
quiring that the Legislature then in session
should agree by solemn vote that that pro-
vision of the constitution should never author-
ize legislation in conflict with the provision of
tho Federal Constitution, which declares that
the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States. It was merely a compact that
we should not violate the Constitution of the
United States, which was certainly a very
proper compact. It was not, however, by vir-
tue of that compact, but by virtue of the Con-
stitution itself, that the ablest lawyers of the
State regarded the legislative act of 1847 to
be against the Constitution; that is, to be
unauthorized, not because there had been a
compact, but because of the existence of this
provision of the Constitution of the United
States that it was illegal and void. However,
I state as my colleague stated, that there
never was a case made up. Although free
negroes immigrated to the State and gave
their bonds, I do not remember that any case
ever appeared before the supreme court of our
State contesting the right to require those
bonds. I can state, and I do state now, that
it was regarded by the ablest legal and judicial
minds of the State that the act itself was ab-
solutely void in consequence of this provision
of the Constitution of the United States. That
was always my opinion, though I did not rank
among those men. It was the opinion of a
great many who were not as good lawyers
perhaps as my coiieague and others.
Now, Mr. President, in reference to the
amendment that is pending, offered by my col-
league, I am not prepared to say that it would
be expedient, and I- am certainly prepared to
