1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
desire to come ; that they have been forced
back; that they do not thank us for forcing
that question upon their consideration; itshould
be lett to them. Although it is not a usurpa-
tion in us to do it—I do not pretend to say that
it is—yet I do say that when we send the mili-
tary there for the protection of the people, it
is not, in my judgment, any of their business
to decide in the first place whether a conven-
tion shall be called to frame a constitution.
That is not for the military; but we may safely
and properly say that the military are, if that
question is decided upon, to see to the details
and to take care that the whole matter is prop-
erly done.
_ But, sir, I will not elaborate upon this ques-
tion. I have stated the general views I have.
My amendments are before the Senate, and
the Senate will judge of them.
Mr. HENDERSON. When the Senator from
Maine yesterday first suggested this amend-
ment it struck me that it was a proper amend-
ment, and I thought at the time I would favor
it upon the ground so very ably presented by
himself, that the southern States hereafter
should not be permitted to charge that they
had been forced back into the Union against
their consent; that we should make it obliga-
tory on them in some way to express their de-
sire to return. When my colleague first offered
his amendment yesterday, which caused the
Senator from Maine to make the remark that
he intended to offer this proposition, it struck
me favorably also. My reason for voting against
my colleague's amendment will induce me to
vote against the proposition now presented. In
a certain view of the case that amendment of
my colleague is correct; butitwill be observed,
by an examination of this bill, that the bill itself
in the particular of obtaining the consent of
the qualified voters upon this subject departs
from the act we originally passed. Senators
will see by examining the fifth section of the
act of last session that we only required that
the constitution, when submitted to the vote
of the people, should be ratified by a majority
of those voting. That is not the bill now be-
fore us. Tliis.bill goes further than that, and
requires not only a majority of all those who
may see fit to vote, but a majority of all the
legally qualified voters according to the regis-
tration.
There are two guarantees provided in this
bill for obtaining the consent of the people of
' the State preparatory to its admission; that is,
to obtain evidence that the State desires to
return to the Union. First, it is necessary
that the delegates elected, when they come
into convention, shall declare by a vote that
"it is the wish of the people of such State to
frame a constitution and civil government;"
and after they shall have adopted a constitu-
tion it is to be submitted to the people, and
not voted upon favorably by a mere majority
of those voting, but by a majority of all the
qualified voters as returned upon the registry.
The fourth section of the bill now pending
before us declares that—
If according to said returns the constitution shall
be ratified by a majority of the votes of the electors,
qualified as herein specified, the president of the
convention shall transmit a copy of the same, ^c.
It will be observed that we not enly have
the guarantee of the members of the conven-
tion that it is the desire of the people to return—
those members being fresh from the people,
just having received their votes, and having
themselves assembled for the purpose of making
o constitution preparatory to admission—but
the bill departs entirely from the original recon-
struction law which we passed. The Senator
from Maine will discover that the fifth section
of that law only requires a majority of those
voting to approve the constitution ; and if the
bill now before us followed the original act in
that respect his amendments would be alto-
gether proper, or some measure of a similar
character seeking to put the burden upon them
of declaring their wish in some way to return.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor whether we can with propriety depart from
the provisions of the original act in that regard ?
We agreed and stated to them that if they
wxiuld adopt certain provisions in a certain way
they would be received on the terms specified.
Ought we now to make a departure from what
we originally proposed? My friend from Mas-
sachusetts, who originally introduced this bill,
thinks the bill weakened by that change, and
that it ought not to be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I very frankly say that
it is a departure, and in that respect it may be
worse. I do not pretend to determine that ques-
tion ; but I would suggest to the Senator that
that provision is in the bill, and if it is to re-
main in the bill it secures the object that he
contemplates by his amendment; and it seems
to me that it secures it in a better mode than
the mode adopted by hirasefij because the ob-
jection urged by the Senator from Illinois is
certainly a ver/ strong one, that, so far as Con-
gress is concerned, we have at all times taken
the ground that these provisional governments
are void, and that we are under no obligation
whatever to regard their acts. In the bill we
passed a few days since we took occasion
by an amendment to it, mado in the House
and agreed to by the Senate, to declare that
those governments were provisional in their na-
ture, and we took it upon ourselves to prescribe
the qualifications of all voters that might here-
after vote under those governments. But the
Senator will discover that without an election
with the qualifications of voters prescribed as
we desire, he leaves it entirely with those gov-
ernments to determine whether there shall be
any affirmative action or not. Suppose that in
one of the States a majority of all the people,
counting the negroes and white Union men,
should be in favor of the State returning to the
Union, they cannot, under this amendment,
return, unless with the consent of the provis-
ional government of the State. Certainly these
provisional governments are in the hands of
men who fought against us. I will not say
that they arc disloyal now; but they certainly
were disloyal; and the members of those Legis-
latures were unquestionably elected by men
who fought in the confederate armies, and a
large majority of the voters were composed of
that class of men. This amendment puts it in
the power of the disloyal in these respective
States to exclude from the polls the loyal men
whom we have qualified to vote under the pre-
vious law, bringing in three eighths of the qual-
ified voters by virtue of that bill. I mean the
negroes, who had no voice in the election of the
men whom it is now proposed to invest with
the power of deciding whether or not a con-
vention shall be called.
It struck me very favorably when presented
yesterday; but on reconsideration I am inclined
to think that it will wor-k badly ; and that we
ought not to adopt it, and especially if the
provision that a majority of all the qualified
voters shall determine in favor of the constitu-
tion before it shall be adopted is to be retained
in the bills. That secures all that the Senator
from Maine can desire. It secures what I
consider, and what he seems to consider, a very
important requirement—a demonstration that
a majority of the people qualified under this
act wish to return. To ask that the present
provisional government should express that
wish does not determine the fact that a major-
ity of those whom we have qualified to vote are
in favor of returning. In tliat view, until I
know whether the Senator will retain this
departure from the original bill, I must oppose
the proposition of the Senator from Maine,
upon the very same reason that I opposed the
proposition of my colleague yesterday.
The Senator from Maine asks whether we
are not in honor bound to stand by the original
proposition. I do not think so. Although I
intend to favor this bill, and desire the speedy
return of these States, I do not think we are
obliged to stand by the proposition that was
made a few days ago. We can supply other
terms, and I think the Senator from Maine has
had a very important requirement added this
morning, lest the argument of estoppel should
be brought against us when these constitutions
are brought here, and it be said that we are
bound to accept them, that we shall not- be
allowed to consider the"matter at that time.
He offered a very important amendment a few
moments ago, that the State constitution mnst
not only be in accordance with the terms of
the original proposition and in accordance
with this act, but that it must be approved
by Congress before representatives from these
States are admitted. That leaves it entirely in
our hands, when they present themselves here,
to determine whether they have violated any
of the provisions of these acts or whether there
is something in their respective constitutions
that we do not then like. Whether I shall feel
called upon at that time to cast my vote against
the admission of any members from these
States or not, after the States shall have strictly
complied with this law, is another question. I
wish to reserve to myself the right at that time
to say yea or nay. I am not bound by any act
of Congress already passed, nor by any act that
shall be passes} to-day, nor by any act which
may be passed during the present session of
Congress or any other session, so as to be
utterly unable to consider their constitutions
when they present themselves.
Entertaining these views, I think the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine ought not to
be adopted, at least until it is determined
whether a full majority of the registered voters
shall be required for the ratification of the con-
stitution or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been suggested
to me that it is understood from the reading
of my amendment that it leaves it to the pro-
visional governments to decide upon the whole
thing and to conduct the details. That is not
so. There is nothing in the world by my amend-
ment left to the provisional government but to
decide whether or not they want a convention
to frame a constitution. If they decide in favor
of it, all the details are to be conducted by the
military authorities according to this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will be so if your
amendment is adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. My view of the practical
operation of this amendment is that if adopted
we should be justly charged withhavingpassed
an act which, whether we intended it or not,
would amount to practical obstruction. I de-
sire to call the especial attention of the Sena-
tor from Maine to the practical operation of it
if passed. In the first place, the legislation
which we have passed, taken in connection
with the constitutional amendment, probably
disfranchises one half or perhaps three fourths
of the members of the existing Legislatures in
the rebellious States, and those now control-
ling the governments there. Our legislation
disfranchises them during the present organ-
ization, and the constitutional amendment ex-
cludes them from office when the States shall
have been restored to representation. Now,
this amendment is saying to the rebels who are
in the Legislatures, '• We will exclude you from
office, we will disfranchise you, and we will
give you the power to say whether you will be
excluded alone or whether you will take with
you all the Union men of your States." It
places it in the power of the President of the
United States, who is supposed to be acting
in harmony with these very men, to advise
them to obstruct the congressional plan. It
takes from the people who are allowed to vote
and be registered under this bill the right to
determine the question of restoration. It places
it out of the power of the Union party or the
friends, of the Union to have any say in this
question of restoration. I do not know but
that after we have disfranchised these rebels
they may be a little desperate, and want to
keep their neighbors in the same situation. It
seems to me that it would be rather natural
that they should. If there were no disabilities
on any of them, if they caime in on equal terms
with their neighbors, they might deal fairly and
justly with this question; but inasmuch as they
are not to participate in the Government they
