1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hi
from -Massachusetts—he is willing tohave-them
come back if they come sandwiched between
two black men. [Langhter.] Well, sir, if
the sandwich and the covering are the same
sort, X do not want either. 1 think there is
great good sense in letting these rebels discuss
this question among themselves. We have fed
these men, taken them in their weakness and
fed them from the bounty of this Government.
On their increasing strength their rebel feel-
ings outcrop and manifest themselves. I tell
you and this -Senate that those who are so
anxious to bring these rebels into accord with
loyalty in my judgment mistake the bestinter-
ests of this country.
How often do we hear it said that had they
the power they would repeat what they have
already done; and who doubts it? Sir, when
1 voted for the appropriation to feed them the
other day, I said I would feed them to show
them that here was their only place of refuge
and of safety. I want them to teel before they
come here or are felt in this Legislative Hall
or anywhere else, that they come because they
have fed on husks long enough and find that
there is -no nutriment in them. I want them
to return here because they love the institu-
tions to which they return ; and until that time
comes every one of them that you marshal into
your political forces is an element of political
destruction.
Senators who oppose this amendment seem
to solacc themselves with the fact that these
elections and this machinery are to be in the
hands of the military commander. Mr. Presi-
dent, my regard for military power has in-
creased since it put down rebellion. I have
no apprehension of any abuse in the excessive
exercise of power by the military ; but the mil-
itary that goes there, the officer that goes to
control it goes by the will, the mandate of the
Executive of this nation, who hates every line-
ament of this law; he has written upon it his
condemnation ; he has declared it unconstitu-
tional, and its authors fools and crazy men.
lie it is that gives this military direction. Who
do you think wjll go; and whoever does go
how long will he stay if he carries into vigor-
ous force the power of this law? No quicker,
I venture to say. than an order for his displace-
ment can be written and telegraphed.
Now. I wish to suggest another reason why
J am for this amendment, if we cannot get the
amendment, of the Senator from Missouri. A
few days ago, since the passage of this law,
they held an election in an adjoining city, wltere
the people utterly repudiated its power and
defied its mandate. Upon that very election
a case is being made up to-day to be presented
to the Supreme Court of the United States to
test the constitutionality of this whole law. 1
ask the Senator from Massachusetts where his
reasoning would stand, and I ask my colleague
from Nevada where his reasoning would stand,
if tlie Supreme Court shoubl declare the law
unconstitutional ? Who else but rehels could
speak then in this reconstruction system?
Mr. STEWART. I will answer my col-
league. If that is done, if it is not carried out,
Congress will never let any of them in. We
are under no pledges to do it in such an event.
Mr. NYE. I have been lulled by that syren
song long enough. I do not know what Con-
gress will do in this day of extreme cleverness
and anxiety for new embraces. [Laughter.]
I venture 'eo make the suggestion to Se-nators
upon this floor that that law has got to stand
and to stand quickly before a tribunal that
does not sympathize with Congress—I speak
of its majority—in the measures of this great
reconstruction.
I take for granted that in the zeal to pass a
law for reconstruction all these reasons will
not be overlooked ; all these difficulties must
be looked in the face; all of the exigencies
that may by any possibility arise should be
canvassed well before we cast our votes for
immediate reconstruction.
Sir, I boast of being one of the humblest fol-
lowers of radicalism. If by radicalism is meant
to guard catrefally the weak places of this Gov-
ernment against the approaches of rebel power,
I am just as much of a Radical as I know how
to be; and I do not know what a conservative
Badical means. Now, sir, unfortunately for
us, every great test measure is met either by
the objection of the President or the Supreme
Court. We are sandwiched literally between
an unfriendly Executive and a hostile Supreme
Court. Therefore I think we had better throw
what safeguards we can around this, and I see,
for myself, great wisdom in letting these rebels
themselves discuss it. I would not keep the
newly-enfranchised citizens from tasting the
sweets of the power of this Government by any
means, but I would guard them against being
cheated and deceived in it. In this hurry, in
this avalanche of coming States, I tell you, in
my judgment, lies the greatest danger of the
hour. If we are to take poison, let us take it
in small doses, a little at a time; do not give
us a fatal dose at once. These eleven rebel-
lious States, coming as the wind comes, into
these Halls of Congress, will shake the founda-
tion upon which the Senate stands, even in
Massachusetts. I regretted lo hear the Senator
say they had no issue in Massachusetts except
as to who should hold place and who should
not. Massachusetts is just as much interested
in this great question as is South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. Of course.
Mr. NYE. The Senator says of course, but
he did not say so in his speech.
Mr. WILSON. I said we had only local
struggles.
Mr. NYE. There is no local struggle in
Massachusetts ; there is not opposition enough
to count as "scattering;" it is all oneway; but
there are States where this local opposition is
frightfully strong, and if you mingle this ele-
ment with the danger of the South coming here
rebel end first, as I say with the rebel element
of the North, and you are going to get more
than a local question here in these Halls. My
distinguished friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Dixon] expects within two weeks that Con-
necticut will go Democratic, and when she
does she is just as much to be feared as South
Carolina, because she is not in accord with the
vast swelling tide of public opinion of this
nation. I do not say it will so go; but he
hopes for it. They hoped for it in New
Hampshire, but they failed. The strange thing
is that while I know my friend from Connecti-
cut is not a rebel, he laughs at the same thing
they do—Democratictriumphs. Sir, the danger
of the hour is in the liaste of this legislation. I
simply rose for the purpose of entering my
protest against this compulsory process of
bringing this dangerous element back.
Mr. WILSON rose.
Mr. NYE. I am not through yet. It al-
ways takes some nerve to defend a new position,
and therefore I excuse my friend from Massa-
chusetts for his nervousness. [Laughter.]
I rose to say that the original bill is not
strong enough ; I would have put more power
into that bill if I had had the ability to do it,
for it is written in all the past, it will be writ-
ten in all the future, that nothing but power
will control rebels and rebellion, and I am not
so gingerly tender-footed on this question as
not to be willing to declare the truth. I desire,
in behalf of the institutions of the country I
love, the only inheritance I possess, and the
only inheritance that I expect to transmit to
my posterity, to enter here my protest against
hurrying this rebel element back to power.
Mr. MOIiTON. Mr. President, 1 have very
great respect for the judgment of the distin-
guished Senator from Maine who offers this
amendment, but I cannot vote for it. The
effect of this amendment, as I understand it,
is to enable the existing State governments in
the rebel States to determine whether or not
there shall be a convention, and whether or
not there shall be reconstruction. We have
declared those State governments to be pro-
visional, but this amendment will enable them
to perpetuate themselves and ordain them-
selves as continuing and permanent govern-
ments. These existing governments in the
South were elected-. ,by about half ±he people;
they are composed almost exclusively of rebels;
and now we are proposing ,to put into the
hands of these State governments the deler-
mination of the question whether there shall
be reconstruction or not. ,
I should like to inquire of grave Senators
how we can go before the country and justify
ourselves in finally submitting this question to
these existing State governments. I ask, sir,
if we have not, as a party, for two years past
denounced them as illegal and unauthorized,
and I ask have we not denounced them as
being put by the President into the hands of
rebels for rebel purposes, giving to the rebels
of the South the exclusive machinery of domes-
tic State governments ? I ask if the present
President has not even been threatened with
impeachment for the erection of these govern-
ments? And yet now it is deliberately pro-
posed to put into their hands the determina-
tion of the whole question of reconstruction,
to say whether it shall take place or not. Sir,
can we go before the country- and justify our-
selves in doing this thing?
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] talks
about the danger of the hour. I will tell him
where I think the danger of the hour lies. If
is in even permitting the impression to go
abroad that the great Union party is opposed
to reconstruction, and for political purposes is
holding itback. Whenever that impression shall
fasten itself upon the minds of the people of
this country we shall go into a minority. The
success of the Union party, in my opinion de-
pends upon speedy and successful reconstruc-
tion ; and if we are able to go into the canvass
of 1868 and have inscribed upon our banner
" the rebellion suppressed, the Union restored,
equal rights and liberty secured to all," there
can be no successful opposition made to us,
but we shall sweep every northern State, and
perhaps some southern States, according to
the prediction of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. But if by our speeches or our votes,
here or elsewhere, we shall allow the impres:
sion to prevail that we are casting obstacles in
the way of reconstruction, that we are making
legal provisions which may be taken advantage
of by southern rebels'.to hold reconstruction
back, we shall receive the condemnation of
the people. Sir, the danger to the Republican
party consists in the lingering of this work, in
its procrastination, in its being long drawn
out. If we shall go into the canvass of 1868
with the southern States in a worse condition
than they were at the end of the war, and no
real progress made in the work of reconstruc-
tion, we may expect to meet very serious op-
position; but if we shall go into that canvass
with the work accomplished, with the Union
restored, with liberty and equal rights secured
to all, we shall have accomplished the greatest
work that any political party ever accom-
plished, and we shall be everywhere triumph-
ant.
Upon every ground of policy, upon every
ground of consistency, we dare not now place
the whole question back in the hands of these
rebel State governments which we have so
bitterly denounced ever since they were erected
by the President. We can justify ourselves
in that course upon no reason that has been
offered here this day. I say let the work of
reconstruction go on. So far from putting it
into the power of these rebel State govern-
ments to stay the work, I am opposed even to
submitting the question of convention or no
convention to the people as proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, and I am opposed to
submitting that question to the convention
when it meets. Let the convention be elected ;
let it form a constitution ; let that constitution
be discussed and submitted to the people. All
then have the right to vote upon the constitu-
tion. They will by that election have had
time for deliberation ; they will have had the
benefit of discussion; and I believe that any
fair constitution which shall have been made
in any one of these States will then be adopted.
But it is now proposed to submit the work of
