1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
^The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 23, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler. Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Fessen-
den, Henderson. Hendricks, Howard. Johnson, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sherman, Sumner, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis. Edmunds, Ferry,
lovrier, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Nyc.'Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wiliey, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cragin,. Doolittle,
Grimes, Guthrie, Morton, Riddle, and Salisbury—8.
So the motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened; and. on motion of Mr. Sherman, the
Senate adjourned, with the understanding that
the vote should be taken at four o'clock to-
morrow on House bill No. 33.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 15, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyn-
ton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Barclay's digest.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on the
Rules, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
present House the usual edition of Barclay's Digest,
together with the Constitution, Rules, and Manual;
and that John M. Barclay be allowed one dollar per
copy for the copyright of the same.
printing of laws.
Mr. BANKS. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report the following addi-
tional rule:
Rule —. AVhen an act has been approved by tho
President, the usual number of copies shall bo printed
for the use of the House.
The usual number of copies will be fifteen
hundred and fifty, the same number as are
now published of the other documents provided
for the use of members. The effect of this rule
if adopted will be to have each act when ap-
proved by the- President immediately printed
for the use of members of the House. We
now have no opportunity of getting at a law
which has been passed, except by reference to
newspapers in which it may be published or
by application to the Clerk's office. I hope
the rule will be adopted.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
proposed rule, and it was agreed to.
announcement of messages.
Mr. BANKS. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report the following as an
additional rule:
Rule —. Messages from the Senate and President
of the United States, giving notice of bills passed or
approved, shall bo repeated from the Clerk's desk
forthwith.
As messages are now delivered from the
Senate, and also by the Secretary of the Presi-
dent, it is impossible for any member of the
House to know what bills have been acted upon
or what the action may have been. If this
proposed rule shall be adopted, a message from
the Senate or from the President will be forth-
with repeated from the Clerk's desk. It will
probably lead to a change in the manner in
which messages are delivered here; so that
the message from the Senate, for instance,
instead of reading the titles of bills at length
which have been acted upon by the Senate,
will submit the message in brief, and it will be
read at length from the Clerk's desk.
I am informed by the Speaker that the mes-
sages from the President announcing his ac-
tion upon bills are now sent to the Speaker in
-writing, and those messages can be announced
from the Clerk's desk at such time as the
Speaker may direct.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
if this new rule proposes that all messages shall
be reported at length from tho Clerk's desk?
Mr. BANKS. It is limited merely to the
announcement of the bills which have been
acted upon.
• Mr. FARNSWORTII. And to bring the
bills up for action ?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; merelyto announce
that the Senate has acted upon such and sueh
bills, or that the President has approved such
and such bills.
Mr. PRUYN. I am very glad indeed the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
has brought this subject to the attention of the
House, for T think we have all felt the want of
sufficient information in regard to what has
occurred in the Senate from the manner in
which messages from that body have been an-
nounced to this House. But I wish to suggest
to the gentleman in reference to these messages
that it would be an improvement upon his
suggestion if the Speaker be requested to an-
nounce to the House the character of the mes-
sage, or what may be the message from the
Senate, in analogy to the proceedings in other
legislative bodies in which I have always found
that rule to prevail.
With regard to the messages from the Presi-
dent of the United States, if they come here
in writing, as I understand the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to say they'do, it
would be proper-of course that the Clerk should
read them under the direction of the Speaker;
but I think in regard to the messages from the
Senate it would be more proper, it would show
more respect to the Senate, and come with
more effect before the House, if we should
request our Presiding Officer to announce what
those messages may be.
Mr. BANKS- The object desired by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] can
be obtained by the rule reported by the com-
mittee. I do not think it would be an improve-
ment to have the messages announced by the
Speaker. And I am quite sure it would im-
pose a labor upon the Speaker which the House
would not desire to put upon him. The an-
nouncement of the messages from the Clerk's
desk by the reading Clerk would come from
the officer of the House appointed for that
purpose. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and t.he
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the rule was adopted.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
Senate joint resolution No. 1, presenting the
thanks of Congress to George Peabody; when
the Speaker signed the same.
personal explanation".
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
personal explanation. In the report of my
remarks made in Committee of the Whole
on the Senate joint resolution appropriating
§1,000,000 for the starving poor of the South,
I am reported as saying: '!I cannot vote for
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler."] This might
be construed to mean that I was unwilling to
vote money for the support of the widows and
orphans of those Union soldiers who died in
southern prisons. Such are not my sentiments;
for there is no one on the floor of this House
who has a deeper'sympathy for the class of
persons above named. What I clid say is this:
" I cannot vote for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] as a
substitute, but I would, if necessary, vote for
it as an amendment when it would be in order
to move it as sueh."
I was unwilling to allow a substitute like the
one offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to prevail, as it would deprive the starv-
ing orphans and women of the South of bread.
I wish to place myself right on this question.
qualification of a member.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, presented the
credentials of Ruftjs Malloby, member-elect
from the State of Oregon.
Mr. Mallory then presented himself and
took the oath prescribed by law.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR. .
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on the Rules
have directed ,me to move the following amend-
ment to the rules:
Amend Rule 134 by adding at the end thereof the
following:
Provided, That ex-members of Congress who are
not interested in any claim pending before Congress,
and who shall so register themselves, may also be
admitted within the Hall of the House. And no
persons except those herein specified shall at'any
time be admitted to tho floor of the House.
Mr. Speaker, one of the objects of this
amendment to the rules is to prevent the ob-
struction of our business by the crowds of vis-
itors that find their way upon the floor of the
House on all occasions of great interest, sub-
jecting the members as well as the officers of
the House to great inconvenience. Another
object of this amendment is to admit to the
privileges of the floor persons who have hith-
erto been members of the House. I think that
every gentleman will concede that we should
extend to ex-members the courtesy of admis-
sion to the floor of this House, as they are
admitted in the Senate: There has been a
difficulty heretofore, arising from the fact that
some ex-members of Congress have been pro-
fessionally engaged in prosecuting claims be-
fore Congress. By this proposition persons thus
interested are to be excluded; and ex-members
of Congress desiring entrance upon the floor
will be required to register themselves, in such
manner as the Speaker may direct, as not
being interested in the prosecution of any claim
before Congress.
Another provision of this amended rule is
that no other persons than those specified in
the rule shall, unless by general consent of the
House, be admitted to the floor by any officer
of the House. If this provision be adopted,
our rule on this subject will correspond pre-
cisely, 1 believe, with the rule which has been
adopted by .the Senate, where it has operated
exceedingly well. I hope this proposed amend-*
ment to our rules may be adopted. I ask for
the previous question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to inquire whether
there is to be any system of enforcing this rule.
We have now a rule specifying certain classes
of persons as entitled to the privileges of the
floor and excluding all others. Yet during
the last Congress, when it was my fortune to
occupy a place in the outer circle of seats, I
suffered daily, almost constantly, from the
presence of persons who had no right to be
upon the floor. They would occupy my seat
and engage in conversation with members and
other persons around me, so that during a large
part of tho time it was impossible for me to
understand what was going on in the House.
Having had the good fortune at this session
to get away from the outer circle of seats, I
have for several days had upon my table a
resolution which I intended to offer, providing
for an enforcement of this rule with reference
to admission to the floor of the House. I
think there ought to be an understanding that
the members of the Committee on the Rules or
some other persons in the House should see to
it that the Doorkeeper enforces the rule. And
I believe I am prepared to give notice that if
this rule be adopted, and if the Doorkeeper
does not enforce it, I shall, acting in behalf of
gentlemen who occupy the outer circle of seats,
ask that the Doorkeeper be subjected to the
censure of the House or removed from office.
Mr. BANKS. It is believed that this amend-
ment'to the rule, now reported from the com-
mittee, will accomplish the object desired by
my colleague. It proposes to change the pres-
ent rule by declaring that with the exception
of those specified in the rule no person shall
at any time during the sessions of the House
be admitted upon the floor. The custom here-
tofore has been that, on the pressing applica-
tion of members, gentlemen not privileged have
