1867,
TEE CONGEBSSIOiSTAL GLOBE,
M
Congress they submitted their report, bat it
was too late in the session to. act or expect
action That report, and a portion of the
evidence also, appeared in the New York
papers on Monday of last week. The col-
lector of the port of New York immediately
issued a card charging that the report of the
committee was "spiteful," and that its animus
was prompted by his inability to grant them
the appointments for which they had made
application. Sir, that is a very grave charge
to make against the committee; and graver
still when there is not a shadow of foundation
for it. That committee never asked an appoint-
ment of Mr. Smythe that he did not accord.
On the contrary, he tendered to them appoint-
ments which they never asked for, ana never
would accept. I leave that part of the matter
there.
I now send to the Clerk's desk and ask to
have read certain paragraphs from the Daily
Globe of March 7, 18G7, which I have marked:
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Doolittle. Mr.President, on Monday even-
ing a newspaper was placed in my hand, in which I
find a report of a committee of the last House of
Representatives,submitted by Ml*. Huliiurd, of New
York, which demands notice at my hands. It fills
me with surpriso and indignation. Without any
notice to me, without calling upon me for any expla-
nation, this report, by inference and not by direct
ohargo, by innuendo, not by positive averment, en-
deavors to create the impression that I received or
agreed to rcoeive $5,000 or some other pecuniary or
other benefit from Mr. Smythe, the collector oi the
port of New York,
"This charg«, whether made directly or by impli-
cation, whether sought to be sustained by proof or
innuendo, is absolutely and unqualifiedly false, and
from whatever source it comes I pronounce it a base
falsehood, a vile and cowardly slander."
"Mr. Patterson, of Tennessee. I see by the news-
papers that X am involved in the same charge that is
made against the Senator from Wisconsin, of having
received $5,000 from Mr. Smythe. Iwilldisposeofthat
in a very few words. There is no direot charge, but
there is an innuendo that I was to receive $5,000 from
the same person referred to by the Senator from Wis-
consin. All I have to say that the document alluded
to by him is false in its charges, false in its insinu-
ations, and false in its innuendoes. I never received
a copper from Mr. Smythe; and, if it were senatorial
to say so, I would say that the insinuation is as false
as hell."
Mr. HULBURD. It will be noticed that
these gentlemen in their statements do not
deny that there was an arrangement of the
kind indicated. The report of the committee
never charged that they received, either indi-
vidually or collectively, a single dollar from
Mr. Smythe, or through him in any way. The
committee did feel that it was their duty to show
the manner in which Mr. Smythe was conduct-
ing the office of collector of the port of New
York. They did suppose that in order to show
that manner, to show whether it was corrupt or
not, it was within their province to prove the
quo animo with which he was conducting it.
And they had no other means of doing it except
by proving his declarations and acts, and they
deemed it proper to' spread before the House
and the country the testimony they thus ob-
tained, and that is the head and front of their
offending in this particular.
Mr. Doolittle called upon me a day or two
after the report of the committee was made
public. He stated that he felt himself very
much aggrieved, for the committee had charged
him with receiving money from the collector
of the port of New York. I disclaimed it. He
said it would go abroad to the country and in-
jure him. I told him I very much regretted
any such result, for I had made no such charge
in the report. He thought he ought to have
been examined, and that his denial ought to
have gone out with the report. Afterward,
upon reflection, I wrote a note to Mr. Doolit-
tle, which I sent over to him by one of the
pages of this House, in which I stated that I
did not wish to do him injustice, and that if I
had done so I regretted it; that I would give
him an opportunity to make any explanation
or denial that he might deem proper; that as
the report was closed I would simply ask that
it should be dated pro forma on 'the 2d of
March, or, as the lawyers say, nunc pro tunc,
now for then, and I would send it to the Pub'
lie Printer asaddenda to the testimony of the
report. At that very time the committee had
in their hands notes not written out of the tes-
timony of our minister at Paris, Mr. Bijjelow,
to be sent to the Public Printer. I strained a
point in speaking of these dates, as he seemed
to have a great desire to append a. denial to
the report. I mention this merely to show
that there was no unkindness on the part of
the committee toward Senator Doolittle or
any intention to do him injustice.
Since that report was made and published
in the papers, my attention has been called to
various other portions of the testimony, some
of which have been printed and some not. I
deem it my duty to say to the House that the
fact that Mr. Smythe did have it in contempla-
tion to give these gentlemen $5,000 each does
not depend upon the testimony of Mr. Smythe,
or upon the testimony of any one man, or upon
the testimony of any half dozen witnesses.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand a portion of
the testimony which was submitted to the com-
mittee, and which has been printed. I beg
leave to read a sentence or two from the testi-
mony of Mr. Phelps. He is speaking of an
interview in the President's room* at which
himself and Mrs. Perry, and perhaps Mr.
Barr, were present:
"The President assured me that Phelps and Barr
should have the general-order business, as above
stated, they bringing proper testimonials. He re-
marked that he gave this to Barr and Pholps as
much for the bencfitof Mrs. Parry as for their benefit,
because he wished to help, her. , He said,' I suppose
that you will make it all right with Mrs. Perry.
" Question. Was it not then determined what por-
tion she was to have of this business?
' Answer. She told Mr. Johnson the arrangement
or interest she was to have, and Mr. Johnson then
replied he was satisfied if she was.
Question. What was the portion she was to have?
"Answer. She was to have one third of the net
profits.
"Question. Did you produce the testimonials re-
quired?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Tell the committee about the substance
of that interview.
"Answer. I said to the President there would be a
great deal of contention among tho New York poli-
ticians, who would try to get this, as it was a great
thing; hepattedmeontheshoulderandsaid: Never
mind, young man, I will stand by you;' he then re-
marked to Mrs. Perry; 'This will bo all right;' we
left the matter in Mrs. Perry's hands, and she was to
inform us when we should call again on the Presi-
dent; she sent word for me to come to Washington
again shortly before Mr. Smythe was appointed, and
we went and called upon the President, and had an
interview with him alone, myself and Mrs. Perry;
after vYe had a private interview with him he called
out his Private Secretary. Colonel Browning I think
his name is, and he told me to state to him what I
wanted to have written down ; I stated to him what
I wanted, and he then wrote to the collector to give
the general order business of the North river, from
pier No. 59 to tho Battery, to Edward R. Phelps and
Thomas J. Barr, of New York; the President was
presentwhile the Private Secretary wrote this letter,
and was talking in a low tone to Mrs. Perry, and
when the letter was written he signed it; I think i
can produce that letter; X came back with the letter,
and as spon as Mr. Smythe was nominated and con-
firmed I presented the letter to him; he appeared to
be very much confused, and put his hand up to his
head and thought for a moment, and then remarked
that the general order business was all disposed of;
ho said,' It is very strange that the President never
told mo to reserve this for his friends;' and he also
remarked that he had to agree to give a portion of
the general order business to Senator Doolittle s
son, and a portion to Senator Patterson, the Presi-
dent's son-in-law, and one other person who I can-
not now think of, before he would be confirmed;
Mr. Smythe then remarked, he didn't have a chance
to spare only a small interest in it for himself, and
he asked us if we would not take one fourth inter-
est in the whole business—that perhaps he oouid let
us have that.
The witness failed to produce that letter.
It was left with the collector, and he had
destroyed or mislaid it, or he could not find it.
Mark the statement: he says he had agreed
to this before he could or would be confirmed.
That is not the statement of the committee ; it
is the statement of a witness before the com-
mittee. Mr. Smythe himself does not deny
that he had this in contemplation. It is true
that in a letter which purports to be signed by
him, addressed to the President of the United
States, ofthe date of March 6,1867, hedeclares:
"This purpose, as I testified to the committeo under
oath and again repeat here, was unkno wn .to most
of those whom I intended to commit the business to;
was a purpose never executed, a halt-lormea project,
speedily dismissed from my jnind."
"A half-formed project 1" "Speedily dis-
missed!"' He should instruct better, as te
dates and facts, the counsel who prepare his
cards and epistolary pronunciamientos. Why,
sir, half a dozen witnesses swore before the
committee that at different places and occa-
sions and times, widely distant and separate,
he had distinctly stated to them individually
that he made an arrangement of this kind.
In the moiith of May he commenced it; and I
have in my hand the testimony of a witness
who swears to having been told by Mr. Smythe
as follows:
"Some time in October last, as near as X can remem-
ber, in a desultory conversation with Mr. Smythe,
collector of theNew York custom-hojise.be stated, to
the best of my recollection, that he had agreed to
give, or was going to give, out of tho general-order
business $5,000 to Robert Johnson, $5,000 to Mr. Pat-
terson or Mrs. Patterson, $3,000 to a son of Senator
Doolittle, and retain in his own hands five or ten
thousand dollars for political purposes."
Now, sir, how long it takes Mr. Smythe to
incubate a project which he commenced upon
in May and had not dismissed in October the
House can judge as well as myself; whethertha
retention of it four or five month's is in law or
in fact a " speedy dismissal" anybody's good
sense can determine. Mr. Smythe stated dis-
tinctly when before the committee that he
had never had any conversation with Senator
Doolittle on the subject of the general-order
business before he was nominated and con-
firmed; the postscript of his letter to th?
President states he had " never spoken to
either Senator with regard to this matter,"
yet Mr. Spalding, of New York, a lawyer in
good and regular standing, who was sub-
penaed before the committee, testified that in
conversation with Senator Doolittle, the
Senator told him that Mr. Smythe had con-
versed with him on the subject of the general-
order business, and had agreed when the warm
weather was over to have his son, who was then
at Racine, come to New York and to give him
a good appointment in the custom-house, with
a share in the profits of the general-order busi-
ness. Now, this is a witness's statement, not
mine or that of the committee. But this I do
say, that son did come to New York, and now
has a good appointment in the custom-house
under Mr. Smythe. I never charged that he
participated in the profits of the general-order
business; yet there are divers statements that
it was the intention of Mr. Smythe that he
should.
Here I dismiss the subject of the Senators
and of Senator Doolittle's son, with the sim-
ple remark that I feel authorized to say I have
been advised in the last three days testimony
might be had that would bring some of these
matters to a yet more direct conclusion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to some charges that Mr.
Smythe makes against this committee in the
paper addressed to the President as to the
manner in which, they conducted the investiga-
tion, examination of witnesses, &e. He says:
"I was credulous enough to believe the committee
when they informed me there was nothing before
them which required contradiction or refutation on
my part."
Why, sir, the committee never made any
such statement to Mr. Smythe under any cir-
cumstances, in any shape, in any mode, in the
remotest degree. The first witness which was
sworn directly on his administration of his high
office did give not mere presumptive or proba-
ble, but pointed evidence that he was flagi-
tiously, corruptly, abusively administering his
office. He continues:
" I was credulous enough to suppose that the testi-
mony elicited in my favor, outweighing in quantity
and quality all that which their ingenuity has gar-
bled and distorted to my discredit, would go out with
it. I was not enlightened as to their real purpose till
they coined calumnies against you into interrogato-
ries to mo, and ordered their stenographer to suppress
the indignant truth which nailed their false coinage
to the counter."
This was addressed to the President of the
United States.
Mr. BOSS. Is it in order to read the testi-
mony on this question? I do not think it is
applicable.
