1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
it. I will only say that he swore repeatedly
before the committee that he had .no knowledge
that he was dealing with a reporter 01- any one
connected with the committee of Congress, &c.
Now, sir, if the gentleman from New York
does not see a reason why I did not care to
spread out this blackening, disgraceful, damn-
ing record for Mr. S my the, he has it from my
lips.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in asking the
question was to get the facts of the case. I
could not see any reason for suppressing them.
I certainly thank the gentleman very much for
spreading them before the country so far as he
has. I have no desire to defend Mr. Smythe
or any other officer of the Government. I
simply want to know why a chairman of so
important a committee had suppressed a large
portion of the testimony. He undoubtedly had
good reason, as he has proved to the country.
Mr. HULBUUD. The testimony is very
voluminous. We examined over-three hundred
witnesses.
Mr. BARNES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. HULBURD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARNES. I wish to ask if he has fully
explained the charge he has previously made
in his remarks with reference to the disreput-
able action of Mr. Smythe on that occasion. I
wish to know if anything yet is suppressed in
that gentleman's testimony before the com-
mittee?
Mr. HULBURD. As near as I understand
it I will answer the question by giving Mr.
Smythe's version of this transaction. Mr.
Smythe swore that a female came to him at
the custom-house on a certain day and offered
for $200 to give him a copy of the entire testi-
mony; that he rejected the offer; that the
same woman came to him a second time and
told him some of this testimony vvas very im-
portant to him, &c, He also said, in answer
to an inquiry, that he did not ask her name,
that he was a little afraid to touch that point;
but he says that on a subsequent clay some
man called upon him at the custom-house, to
him unknown, who submitted a roll of manu-
script which had marked upon it so many,
dollars, with the words that if he would give
that amount of dollars he could have that tes-
timony. He testified that lie handed over the
money and took the manusciipt and asked no
question, and had no idea who the man was
that gave it to him. That was the explana-
tion which Mr. Smythe gave in the committee-
room. I thought it my duty to call to his at-
tention the grave matter in which ho had been
engaged in trifling with the testimony taken by
a committee of this House, and which might
have resulted in great embarrassment, to say
the least of it, to fehe stenographer.
Mr. BARNES. 1 desire to ask if this gen-
tleman who was on trial, and whose official
acts were being investigated, had not a right to
a copy of the testimony from the chairman of
this investigating committee, and if, in the
absence of being furnished by the chairman
with the testimony, it was not a natural con-
clusion that he, being on trial before the coun-
try, should desire to have the testimony taken
in this ex parte investigation?
Mr. HULBURD. I am not at this moment
sure, although I may be mistaken, that Mr.
Smythe ever applied to the committee for a
copy of any of the testimony except his own.
I may be mistaken, but if he had done so I
should have refused his request.
Mr. BARNES. I understood the gentleman
to say that he had applied for that testimony
and it had been refused him,
Mr. HULBURD. He applied fora copy of
his own testimony, not any more.
I would like now uninterruptedly to finish
the closing up of this matter. I told Mr.
Smythe in the committee-room that he might
have got the reporter into difficulty, and instead
of expressing any regret, instead of saying I
was not aware of that fact, he had the audacity
to say, "I would like to know the address of
that reporter, for if he has got into any trouble
in consequence of this matter I would like to
send him my check for $500." That is pre-
cisely what he said. Well, sir, I sent to
Brooklyn, where this reporter lived, to pro-
cure Mr. Smythe's letters to him. I do not
know that Mr. Smythe ever saw the reporter
or communicated with him in any way, but
money is a mighty quickener and a mighty
eraser of facts and figures and of human mem-
ory. I have Teamed, and I think others on this
floor must have learned, that it often has a won-
derful effect; it often operates with more effect
than did the Lethean waters of old. The repor-
ter said he was unable to find the letters, in fact
he so wrote to myself. Perhaps, as he said, he
had destroyed them. I know not whether Mr.
Smythe ever did send him a check or saw him,
on liis prompt return to New York; but Mr.
Smythe knew that he was the reporter if the
reporter can be believed, and here is his testi-
mony saying that he did not know he had any
connection with the committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if I felt at liberty to tres-
pass upon the time of the House, the testimony
of Mr. Smythe before the committee on this
occasion would be interesting reading in view
of what he and others had already testified. I
do not propose, however, now to go into that
matter; but there are one or two things in his
letter to the President which still claims my
notice and is deserving of the attention of the
House.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to call for
the reading of that whole testimony now ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
has the floor for one hour, which will not ex-
pire for seventeen minutes.
Mr. HULBURD. I wish my colleague
would allow me to go on with my remarks.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not wish to interfere
with my colleague, but if he will allow me to
do so I will make a motion that the testimony
be read.
Mr. HULBURD. I cannot yield for that
purpose. Mr. Smythe says in this letter that
this office was never administered so efficiently
or so economically as it is now, and that all the
charges which the committee made in their
report are entirely unfounded. He avers with
reference to the removals that have been mado
that he has only "weeded out incompetency,
ignorance, intemperance, and vice," and
"filled vacancies with competent and honest
men."
That is a most slanderous, audacious, in-
credible statement to be made by collector
Smythe.
Why, Mr. Speaker, since last May and down
to the 1st day of February last, that man has re-
moved three hundred and eighty-one men from
office, some, mafty of whom have grown gray
in the public service, men of perfectly stainless
character, men of intelligence, integrity, and
character in point of probity, fitness for the
respective positions held, the latchet of whose
shoes he is not worthy to tio or unloose. Does
Mr. Smythe intend to say that those three
hundred and eighty-one removals were all of
vicious, incompetent, and intemperate men ?
Does he mean to say that such was the char-
acter of the appointments made by Mr. Clinch,
Mr. Barney, Mr. King, Mr. Draper, Mr. Schell,
and others who have preceded him in that high
office? I repeat it is not true if he does say
it, and I declare here now on this floor that the
number and the nature of the removals made
by 1ft. Smythe has embarrassed the transac-
tion of business in the custom-house and ut-
terly demoralized thepublic service there. The
collector in his presidential letter, speaks feel-
ingly of the wounds inflicted by the committee
upon the hearts of those who were dear to
him. No one could regret such result more
than myself; but did Mr. Smythe forget that
the three hundred and eighty-one removed men
whom his letter virtually brands as incompe-
tent, ignorant, intemperate, vicious, might also
have those who were dear to each of them,
and that such had hearts that could be pierced
and lacerated by his remorselessly wholesale
denunciation? During his term of office he
had also made up to February 1, 1867, one
hundred -and sixty-eight new or additional
appointments.
He says he has put in competent and faithful
men. When he removed or changed nearly the
last of the old keepers of the public, store-
houses he certainly did not stop to find such
qualifications as he enumerates. It was sworn
before the committee that in one instance he
had put in the place of a faithful, upright, com-
petent man one not able when first launched
to write his name in less than five minutes.
Afterward by practice he was able to write it
in three minutes, and finally he could sign his
name in one minute. When he had so far ad-
vanced the witness afterward came into the,
committee room and asked to have atruckfrom
the record this statement of disqualification.
That man is still a minor and hails by birth
from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. CHANLER. Will my colleague state
the name of that man ?
Mr. HULBURD. I cannot yield now.
Mr. CHANLER. I did not know but he
might have some long German name.
Sir. HULB URD. And in another instance in
reference to inspectors, who in customs matters
are charged with very responsible duties, and
should be very competent and honest men, as
I believe most are, he has removed officers who
were perfectly honest and competent, and filled,
in some instances, their places with very dif-
ferent men. He has put there at least one man
who is not able to speak a word of the- English
language. He has also appointed a man who
at one time received $700 in gold duties, which
he gambled away. Under a cloud for a while,
he again turns up promoted to a higher and
more responsible office, with a larger salary,
and which he holds at the present time.
Another man proven to have received at one
time a five-dollar gold piece for passing bag-
gage unexamined: he too has beeusingled out
for promotion and is now one of the public
storekeepers, having in charge millions of dol-
lars pcrchance of merchandise. This, too, is
one of his meritorious advancements. So, Mr.
Speaker, I might go on showing up the char-
acter of some of these appointments, ad nau-
seam,, till the time and patience of the House
had been exhausted.
If any gentleman wishes to know how these
appointments were made, I answer: sometimes,
I am assured, by sheelfulls at a time, without
even the names being read over; made, I sup-
pose, at the beck or on the solicitation or rec-
ommendation of some dexterous if not veteran
politicians.
Now, what is the effect of all this and of
Mr. Smythe's own example of selling official
patronage? Only last week an entry clerk
o* being remonstrated with for an excessive
charge, by a merchant, justified himself by an-
swering over his shoulder, "Ask Mr. Smythe
if such is not all right." No doubt at this time
that feeling actuates more or less to a consid-
erable extent the working force in the whole
customs service in the port of New York. In
that respect—bribery in a small way—corrup-
tion generally reigns there, until his whole
administration of the custom-house is reek-
ing with corruption. His management of the
bonded warehouse and general-order business
denotes the most shameless, flagitious, disrep-
utable, utterly disgraceful, yet deliberate sys-
tem of abuse, extortion, wrong, that has been
developed in scores of years. The force of
example, the example of superiors, is conta-
gious and potent, very.
Now, I deem it my duty to call the attention
of this House, in conection with the commit-
tee's investigation, to another tact, most dis-
reputable, and, in my judgment, meriting the
severest reprehension. Two years ago the
same committee of this House were instructed
to investigate the affairs of the New York cus-
tom-house. Mr. Barney, the then collector,
tendered the committee a room, which they
did not accept: and he offered to send to
the committcc-i-oom any of the employes and
attaches of the castoni-house on the simple
