124
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
request of the committee, without the formal-
ity of a subpena.
I couid not but be struck with the different
manner in which the committee of the last
session were met in their recent investigation.
Men came to me clandestinely, Nicodemus-
like, and said, "Do not summon me before
the committee; I shall be removed if you do ;
do not ask me to testify, for to do so will cost
me my place." Others wrote letters to me to
the same effect. Some, however, on being
subpenaed, did come forward and testified
squarely, as honest men should. And what is
the result? Perhaps precisely what might be
expected, for Mr. Smythe himself said in the
committee-room, not when testifying, but in
his peculiar and expressive language, that he
wished to God he knew who in the custom-
house were stirring this thing up before the
committee; for every one of them would be a
head shorter within twenty-four hoars.
Mr. Ogden, the auditor of the custom-house,
was subpenaed and testified before the commit-
tee. He has never written to me; he has
never indirectly communicated with me since.
But I have a letter here from another person,
who writes that Mr. Smythe called Mr. Ogden
before him and said that "it was damned
strange that he should go before that commit-
tee and testify to figures which he never saw;
that if those who ought to be his friends would
not stand by him better he had a great mind
to turn around and bite." Now, Mr. Ogden is
an intelligent gentleman, and has been con-
nected with the custom-house for nearly if not
more than a score of years, if I remember
aright; and yet Mr. Smythe threatens to re-
move him from his place because he testified
before a committee of the American Con-
gress.
Another deputy collector, Mr. Stedwell, on
a subpena issued by the committee, came be-
fore the committee and testified. Mr. Smythe
now threatens to remove that man from office.
Unless he and Mr. Ogden come out in cards
and tone down their testimony, deny or swal-
low their words that they have uttered in the
committee-room under oath, it is most likely
they will one or both be removed.
Now, I submit whether this Congress can
afford to allow this condition of things to con-
tinue ; whether we are willing that a Federal
officer in high position shall be permitted to
denounce, threaten, and remove men for the
crime of having answered to the subpena signed
by the Speaker of this House, and testified be-
fore one of its committees.
It might, perhaps, well be asked what meat
hath this fledgeling official fed upon that he
should dare thus to flout Congress, through its
constituted committees, by the utterance to
human ear or to the listening air of such an
audacious motive and half-formed purpose.
Again, Mr. Smythe says: "The seeond
charge the committee make against him is that
of having, while the business of the custom-
house is decreasing, increased the expenditures
from $250,000 to $300,000 a year."
Mr. Speaker, my authority for that is the
Treasury Department. Those are not conjec-
tural figures. In the public stores alone the
expense during the present year is $46,000
more than it was last year. It is sworn by one
of the witnesses that only about four men can
be well employed around a gangway; yet Mr.
Smythe has so multiplied such appointees that
at one time an average of sixteen men were
standing around where only four could work.
Of course the pay-roll is the object more than
service; somebody's man wanted a place and
the pay, and the collector, good easy soul, could
not resist, until as I said, he has swelled the
number to one hundred and sixty-eight addi-
tional.
The committee were taking testimony on
this branch of the service, when hearing a large
number of dismissals had taken place the
committee hoped t.he abuse had been checked
and would be corrected, and gave it no further
consideration.
Mr. Smythe says again: "Another point
they make against me-is for having contem-
plated a distribution or farming out of the
profits of the general-order business." Sir,
the committee must take the testimony as they
had it before them. The testimony was that
Mr. Smythe did contemplate such a distribu-
tion. More than that, it is shown to compass
it he resorted to most questionable expedients.
In the month of May the Treasury Department
was in treaty for what are termed in New York
as the "Getty stores," which were desired for
public stores. A negotiation was going on
through a special agent of the Treasury De-
partment, then in the city. It is said when
Mr. ^Smythe had been confirmed he sent for
Mr. Getty and assured him that the United
States did not wish those stores, but that if
those stores could be put in at $35,000—the
Government was proposing at that very time
to pay $45,000—he Smythe would go in com-
pany with Mr. Getty in the general-order busi-
ness and would send all t!ie general-order
business there; that he could make it worth
$100,000 per annum; that he did not himself
wish tobeknown in the matter, &c. The Messrs.
Gettys preferred to lease the stores to the Gov-
ernment. The special agent of the Treas-
ury, knowing the stores were safe and commo-
dious and every way desirable for Government
use, much desired to obtain those stores. He
asked a refusal from Saturday to Tuesday
morning to enable him to write his views and
get an answer back from Washington. It was
granted; he wrote; Tuesday morning came,
but no letter, and Mr. Smythe announced to
Mr. Getty that no letter came, and he renewed
his suggestion to go in company with Messrs.
Getty and send the general order there. This
was deelmed. Miller & Conger were directed
by Mr. Smythe to rent the stores for general-
order business. Now for the fact: the letter
did come authorizing the leasing of the stores
on Government account, and Mr. Smythe
withheld the letter from the agent of the
Treasury until the time agreed upon between
the agent and Messrs. Gettys had passed, so
that the stores could be had for general order as
Mr. Smythe desired for himself and Gettys or
for Miller & Conger, to whom he had condi-
tionally sold the business for $40,000. He
then, as I said, renewed his proposal to Mr.
Getty to go into company with him. Some-
body balked this pretty arrangement of the
collector to thwart the Department in this
matter, undoubtedly by reporting the facts to
the Department. Be that as it may, orders
came from Washington to refuse to bond the
Getty stores. That was the reason the opera-
tion on the part of Mr. Smythe with Gettys and
with Miller & Conger fell through.
Now, Mr. Speaker, can y&u conceive of a
more disreputable and flagitious transaction on
the part of a Federal officer than such an
attempt to thwart the purposes of his chief
and head to subserve his own pitiful pecuni-
ary purpose ? If that is not mean official du-
plicity, official betrayal of public interests,
downright base treachery, I do not know how
to characterize it.
_ Mr. Speaker, Mr. Smythe has once a month
since he has been installed in his present posi-
tion taken an oath that he has never received
anything,directly orindirectly, from thegeneral-
order business, from the cartage business, from
the storage business, &c. Sir, it is in proof
that Mr. Smythe, soon after coming into office,
did have an account rendered to him for a fourth
share of the cartage business, which amounted
to $250 per month. When this was offered to
Mr. Smythe, he said to his secretary, " I do
not want to receive that money. You take it
and keep it, and when I want it I will call for
it." So he did not have it technically pass into
his accounts or into his pockets. Thus he was
enabled very consistently, very conscientiously,
to take his monthly custom-house oaths that he
had not received, directly or indirectly, because
he had it not entered in his bank account or
lodged in his pockets. Two months after Mr.
Smythe says to his secretary, "Have you any
money in yoar hands for me?" "Yes, sir."
"How much?" "Fire hundred dollars."
"Then give me a check for it." He gives him
a check for it. Yet, sir, that man swears every
month, and he swore before the committee, he
has never received a dollar from that source ;
yet in hia last examination by the committee
he did admit that monthly pecuniary one fourth
share did continue on up to the present time,
inuring to somebody's benefit.
More than that. On one occasion he made
a most noticeable statement. It was sworn by
a gentleman whom I would believe as quickly
as I would any living man. "I am damned
sorry I ever undertook to carry the President' a
daughters." The profanity does not appear in
the reported testimony; but I remember the
exact words used. Mr. Smythe and this witness
confronted each other in my own private room.
Mr. Smythe, on being reminded of the expres-
sion, replied that he never said so; that he
never thought so; that he never had any oc-
casion to say so. I give him the benefit of his
denial. The witness said to him directly, "I
do not know, Mr. Smythe, what you thought;
I do not know what occasion you had to say
it; but I do know you used those very words."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD took the floor.
Mr. CHANLBR. I hope my colleague's
time will be extended.
Mr. WOOD. I do not object.
There was no objection; and Mr. Humurd's
time was extended.
Mr. HULBURD. Mr. Speaker, I have
alluded to this testimony because of some de-
nials elsewhere. I do not know any money
ever went in accordance with it; but I do know
from Mr. Smythe's own testimony that money
did go to Washington. I do know from his testi-
mony, as well as from that of others, that money
did go to one or two ex-officials here out of
this business in New York.
I wish to say, sir, I regard the transaction
as abominable; I regard it as disgraceful; I
regard it as demoralizing; I regard it as cor-
rupt. I say that for a public officer to stand
in New York and by arrangement with his
agents, his embassadors—and Mr. Thompson
was his certified agent in some of these mat-
ters—to make an arrangement so that money
could be filched from merchants and used here
for any such imputed or suspected purposes, is
more than an impropriety; it is, or ought to
be, more than a misdemeanor, it should be
treated as a crime.
Gentlemen ask me who is Mrs. Perry? I
do not think she is a myth. Her veritable
presence was proved more than once. It was
in proof she was to share one third of the profits
of this general-order business. A witness told
me that if he had been asked the question
he would have answered that Mrs. Perry had
a written agreement to that effect, and that the
President of the United States had read that
agreement. The general-order business at that
time was supposed to be worth from thirty-five
to fifty thousand dollars a year.
Mr. Smythe makes another charge against
the committee: that he had horrified the com-
mittee by an act of benevolence to this Mrs.
Perry. He says when she came with a letter
from the White House and asked for her share
(by his own figures fixed at $3,000) he told her
the arrangement had fallen through, but he
did, out of pure benevolence, give her at cer-
tain times $300 or $500 out of his own pocket.
No doubt this was all pure benevolence. Does
he forget or suppose it not known that only a
few days ago this same woman applied to him
again by letter for more? What was the an-
swer of this benevolent, honorable United
States official? He sent her more money, and
said he would continue to do so if she would
keep out of the way of congressional commit-
tees. Was that charity? So far as the com-
mittee with which I am connected are con-
cerned we never sought her acquaintance in
the eommittee-room or elsewhere.
Now I turn to another point; and I desire
to ask whether it is proper that the importers
and business men of New York should be sab-
