1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jeoted to petty contributions and levies and
extortions to make up sums for persons artd
papers in this eity or elsewhere, to ox-officials,
if not to officials in good and regular standing?
I ask whether it is proper legitimate business
should be black-mailed to a large or small
extent for such purposes? I cannot but think
this House owes something to the country,
something to merchants, something to honest
officials, something to its own dignity, to en-
deavor in some way to pat a stop to all such
things throughout the length and breadth of
this land by rebuking all such practices, whether
in high places or connived At in high places.
Sir, as a eitizen of New York, in common
with my colleagues, I feel proud of my State,
an imperium in imperio in very deed. We feel
proud of our Metropolitan city, whose wealth
and commerce are the marvels of this conti-
nent. We know, we acknowledge, it has
grown to what it is, not merely by its energy
or the geographical position of our own State,
but the tributary business of other States has
built it up to what it is. The State has spread
over all its surfaces, net-work of canal and rail
improvements; its people and other people
have used these avenues to cany seaward the
magnificent achievements of skill and indus-
try. This has made our commercial emporium
great and potent, and enabled it to gather and
clasp to its quickened breast the golden prod-
ucts of field and forest and mine and mount-
ain, and enriehingly pour them into all the
marts of trade and commerce of the world.
In this purpose her ships visited every harbor
of the seas, and brought home
"The wealth of Ormus and of Ind,"
to diffuse it over all our broad American lands.
While this business was conducted legitimately
and properly all rejoiced in our growth and
prosperity. When dark times came, when
"The purple testament of bleeding war"
was opened in the spring of 1861, when no
man could pierce through the gloomy darkness
and see what was beyond, then the merchant
princes, the business men of New York; came
generously forward and subscribed their mil-
lions to aid the Federal Government in con-
ducting the war. Ay, they made the Govern-
ment presents not only of money and steam-
ships, but they sent their sons to do duty in the
march, in the trench, and tented field. When
pirate Alabamas were upon the ocean de-
stroying their ships and burning their merchan-
dise, when seemingly the American commerce
was annihilated, when everywhere, from the
far Orient,
" Where the golden gates of day
Open in the palmy East,
to the furthermost sunset wave of the West,
there was scarce an American sail that dared
to carry American merchandise beneath the
American flag, and the merchants of New
York felt that their Government, perchance,
was not doing all it should and could to arrest
these destroying ocean corsairs; they vented
not their wrath but still opened their hands and
did what was required to aid and sustain the
Federal Government. At length peace came;
they expected encouragement, ana justice, and
protection at the hands of the Government.
Certes, they did not expect to see enthroned in
their midst an official vampire to suck out little
by little the life-blood of their business.
Is it any wonder they complain of such treat-
ment? They who pay $140,000,000 of gold
duties yearly into the Treasury, and who have
stood up and by the Government as they have
for the last six years, surely deserve from its
hands better than they^ are receiving. I do
submit, under these circumstances, if it is
proper or becoming for this Congress to
allow this condition of things to continue.
Mr. Speaker, this committee'have endeavored
to do their duty in exposing these matters and
directing attention to these abuses and cor-
ruptions. I am not aware that we prosecuted
it with any personal vindictivenessor any un-
fairness. Of course we awoke animosity. I
am well aware that w® could have taken a dif-
ferent course, and all would have been lovely
and smooth and of good reports Almost in-
credible means were resorted to, to induce the
committee to take this course; if not to desist,
to at least change, to modify, to tone down,
and to suppress. Place has been offered, per-
sonal violence threatened; the spectacle of
political slaughter held up to deter me, and all
for a simple effort to do my duty and nothing
more.
Sir, I have read a record of the olden time,
whether of fact or fiction I know not, that upon
the oocasion of a frightful fissure opening in
one of the principal streets of pagan Rome, and
widening day by day, when the oracles were
dumbfounded thereat, the college of sooth-
sayers declared, " Cast into the crevice your
jewels and it will close up." A single Roman
knight spurred his steed into the yawning chasm
and it closed up and the city was saved.
I do not for a moment suppose the sacrifice
of my humble self could promote a large public
good, and yet I feel and I say that if this report,
considerately prepared, asithasbeen, andbased
upon ample evidence, as it should be, and I
think is, shall produce the effect of bringing
abuses and frauds to an end in the custom-
house atNew York, as well as in custom-houses
elsewhere, and cast up such a buttress and high-
way that henceforth, for a season at least,
honest men can hold office and business men
can have their honest rights, Government its
proper dues( without extortion or bribery or
corruptions or abuse, I shall have small con-
cern what may betide my single self. I am
but a waif floating in the atmosphere, and it
matters little when or where or perchance how
soon the final lodgment is made.
Notwithstanding all menaces, and if I as-
suredly knew they would all overtake me, in
the condition of things we found existing in
and about the New York custom-house, I would
censure any man whom I found positively re-
sponsible therefor. I would mercilessly con-
demn my brother or my father for such con
duct. Nay, sir, if Gabriel himself had So
conducted such an office, if permitted, he should
be impeached therefor before Heaven's high
chancery. If that utterance be esteemed irrev-
erent, I trust the recording augel, a la Uncle
Toby, will drop a tear upon it and blot it out
forever.
I insist, Mr. Speaker, that it becomes this
House to show by its action that—
" Corruption wins not more than honesty."
I insist also that the President of the United
States should beware lest he verifies Burns's
couplet:
" Nae wonder he's as black's the grun.
Observe wha's standing wi' him."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I admit that the report
is a bad presentment for Mr. Smythe. I ad-
mit that it is a damaging and disastrous find-
ing; I admit that the New York paper was
correct that characterized it as a terrible in-
dictment. But, sir, it is true, and believing it
to be true, God help me I cannot go back
of it!
I wish, in justice to the stenographers now
present, to say I had no reference to reporters
employed by the House or to the gentleman
who has the superintendence of this whole
business of reporting for the committees. In
reference to the printing of the testimony of
Mr. Smythe, I desire to follow the pleasure of
the House. I have it here, and if it is the
desire of the House that it shall be printed it
is at their disposal.
Mr. WARD. I ask consent that the tes-
timony in the hands of my colleague be
printed.
No objection was made, and the testimony
was accordingly ordered to be<f>rinted.
Mr. CHANLER. Before my colleague [Mr.
Hulburd] yields the floor, I ask him to yield
to me for five minutes.
Mr. HULBURD. I will yield to him if he
desires to ask me a question.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not. I ask the gen:
tleman to allow me five minutes.
Mr. HULBURD. Well, I will give him five
minutes of my time.
Mr. CHANLER, J wish to state in regard
to this investigation that it brings before, the
House and the countiy truths sufficient to- es-
tablish the necessity for a thorough reform in
our civil service. I have no desire in speaking
to this motion to defer the action of the com-
mittee if it can develop facts which will secure
an honest administration of the public affairs
of this country. If reform is to begin it should
begin now, and nowhere can it begin -with
greater propriety than in the city of New York,
or in the custom-house department of that
eity.
Nor was it necessary for the gentlemen com-
posing the committee to assume in their report
that they found the first proofs of corruption
in the administration of this Government. Sir,
it is an established fact in the history of this
Government, from its foundation, that because
the wise advice of Washington was not followed,
because the organization of the civil service
was not made distinct from political principles,
we have gone on stumbling deeper and de«per
in the mire of political filth until the women
of the country, the highest department of our
Government, are dropped down to the limit
which this testimony discloses to the world.
I am an advocate of the reforms which the
fentleman's report demand. At various-times
uring the last Congress I presented for the
consideration of the House a proposition bear-
ing directly upon this question, and that propo-
sition received scarcely a vote in this body as
then organized. It was a proposition which
struck directly at this system of corruption by
stopping the system of black mail levied by
political officials upon the humblest workmen
in our navy-yards for political purposes. The
House rejected my proposition, which was that
no man employed in any department of the
Government should belong to any political
organization, or attempt directly or indirectly
to influence the vote of any one in the Govern-
ment service under him.
I suppose that this effort at reform is sincere
and honest, and that it is not a partisan move-
ment with a view to control the patronage of
the Government. Withoutprofessing that mo-
tive I can understand that from the division
in the Republican party it is desirable to re-
move the collector at New York. The whole
country understands that. I do not rise here to
defend that officer or his conduct, or in any
way to palliate any act of his toward the com-
mittee, pertinent or impertinent. Let him
suffer the consequences of his conduct, what-
ever they may be. But I cannot let this occa-
sion pass without urging upon this House the
necessity of a speedy reform, thorough and
complete, of the civil service of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. Smythe, so far as I know, has not been
a member of any particular political party;
and in striking him down no one suffers but
his immediate and personal friends. So far
as I understand his relations in public life, he
has been connected with the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York, The error in his appoint-
ment was that a member of a special board
for the protection of a particular interest was
given the control of this office for that inter-
est, when he should have been selected for the
interest of the Government rather than the
interest of merchants. That is the error of
the whole system. By outside pressure the
executive department of this Government is
induced to appoint to high places men who are
in the interest of particular parties and par-
ticular classes, and who are not put there for
the public interest only.
Now, if the errors of the collector of the
port of New York are venal, if he is to suffer
decapitation, let the blow also fall on others as
guilty as he. In the name of justice let him
not suffer for the errors of a system which he
found established when he came into this office.
If he cannot resist the pressure brought to
