1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
know how he is to appoint fragmentary com-
mittees without subjecting himself to endless
complications.
* Mr. SCHENCK. I will only say in defense
of my suggestion that I do not see the diffi-
culty. Everybody understands that the allu-
sion is to Colonel Deming, my distinguished
and valuable colleague, who stood second on
the committee in the late Congress. If to our
great regret, and a result which I will not per-
mit myself to anticipate, but which is among
the uncertain chances of an election, he should
not be returned, there should be no objection,
nor would it be just occasion of complaint, that
another member should be placed, to fill the
vacancy, either second, third, or even last on
the list at the discretion of the Speaker. If the
Chair will indulge me in making a remark, I
will say if he ever expects there will be a time
when Mr. Smith and Mr. Jones and all the
various members of this House will be satis-
fied with the making up of the committees,
then I am afraid he is waiting for a millennium
which will never come.
The SPEAKER. The Chair expects no such
millennium. When the duty devolves upon him
of appointing the committees he will discharge
that duty, of course subject to the censure of
individual members. The Chair is not aware
that any Presiding Officer has ever been com-
pelled to make up fragmentary committees.
He has consulted gentlemen who have held
similar positions and who know the precedents,
and they are unaware of the existence of any
such instance. He is perfectly willing to ap-
point the Military Committee if the House sees
fit; and the gentleman's resolution seems to
take it out of the usual course.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the whole matter
can be harmonized by making the ordnance
committee a House committee. We can take
it out of the course of joint action, and so
arrange it as to control our own action-
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it ought to be
referred to a special committee, because it im-
poses a special duty. I regard the Committee on
Military Affairs as the appropriate committee
for the investigation of matters of this kind.
Mr. BLAINE. At the close of the last ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress this House
proposed to add to the standing committees a
joint committee on ordnance, but the Senate
failed to concur in it. Now, if the House of
the Fortieth Congress will reaffirm its judg-
ment for a committee on ordnance, the investi-
gation proposed by the gentleman from Illinois
can be prosecuted with more directness than
through the Military Committee. And I beg to
say, under the admonition of the Speaker, that
I would be the last one desirous of inflicting an
injustice upon a soldier like Colonel Deming.
If the committee is appointed, and he is re-
elected and loses his place, I happen to know
that he has a great deal of feeling on that point.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the resolution moved
by the gentleman from Illinois will pass, and
I shall be glad to vote for the committee pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] One of the objects of this resolu-
tion is to ascertain whether there is reason for
the appointment of a committee on ordnance.
In regard to its appointment at this time there
can be no difficulty whatever. It is perfectly
competent, and certainly the House would be
willing to make additions to the committee.
It could be easily arranged by an order of the
House that no member well skilled in the mil-
itary affairs of the country should lose his place.
I am certain that could be arranged in regard
to this and in regard to other committees, so
that there would be no difficulty.
Mr. BLAINE. Do I understand his name
could be put in at aparticular place or at the foot?
Mr. BANKS. The order can be made by
the Speaker or the House.
\Mr. BLAINE. I understand the Speaker to
decline to make it. The House might possibly
instruct him ; but he has twice admonished us
that he did not regard that mode as practicable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has scarcely understood me Chair. The objec-
tion of the Chair was to making a committee
and leaving the second place on it vacant, thus
apprising the House of his expectation that if
some person should be elected he would be
appointed thereto, and in case of the resigna-
tion, absence, or death of the chairman of the
committee the person thus appointed would
become chairman. Now, if the Chair appoints
a committee the House can order that a certain
person be placed upon it.
Mr. BANKS. There is no difficulty hi ar-
ranging this matter. Whenever other mem-
bers appear it is perfectly competent for the
House to order a rearrangement, and doubt-
less it will do so.
Mr. BLAINE. Then the gentleman ought
to make his committee special. If you make
a standing committee, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts suggests, it will be idle to sus-
pend that committee afterward. If it is a
special committee it becomes functus officio
after it discharges its duties.
Mr. LOGAN. When the House is fully or-
ganized by the appointment of all the commit-
tees, if the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs is desirous to have this investigation
taken from that committee, then, at his sugges-
tion, it may be done by resolution, and trans-
ferred to the other committee. There would
be no objection to that at all; and if the House
should think proper, there will be no difficulty
in regard to the appointment of Colonel Dem-
ing on the committee, or any other gentleman.
As I remarked before, I have reasons that I
have not time to explain for asking this com-
mittee to be appointed now; and I do not
desire to be understood as reflecting upon any
person in the ordnance department in offer-
ing this resolution. I desire that all the De-
partments of this Government shall be sub-
jected to examination by committees of this
House, and that such appropriations as are
made from time to time by the House shall be
subjected to scrutiny by committees, so that
we may know whether the expenditures are
properly or improperly made. No man ought
to object to it. This is the only reason I have
for offering the resolution. I am satisfied that
the Departments expend a great amount of
money, in regard to which neither 'Congress
nor the people have any proper knowledge. I
now move the previous question.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair how this resolution got before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to ask for objection, and I made objection. •
The SPEAKER. And then when the gen-
tleman was conversing with others around
him, the Chair stated that it was a privileged
question, as i£ related to the appointment of
one of the standing committees of the House.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order to move
to postpone this till next week ?
The SPEAKER. It will be after the pre-
vious question is second-ed,
Mr. BLAINE. 1 hope it will not be sec-
onded.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 52, noes 49.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand tellers upon
seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hoi.man
and Logan were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 57.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
the first Monday of December next, and upon
that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
56, noes 51.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashley,
of Ohio, and Blaine were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 48.
Mr. BANICS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. . .
The question was taken ; a,nd'it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 69,.nays 56, not
voting 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barnes, Beaman, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Bucltland, Burr,
Ohanlcr, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Cobura, Cor-
nell, Di'iggs, Eldridge, Fcrriss, Ferry, Getz, Hayes,
Holman, Chester D.Hubbard, Jlulburd, Humphrey,
Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz.Laflin, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Miller, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mungen, Neweomb.Niblaek, Nicholson,Noel!. Orth,
Perham, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Randall, Robertson, Ross, Seoneld, Shanks, Sit-
t;reaves, Smith, Spalding, Stone, Taber, TafTe,
Thomas. Van Aiikon, Burt Van Horn, Van Tromp,
Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen F 
Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—G9.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Boutweli. Bromwell, But-
ler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Covode, Culloin,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eekley, Eggleston, Farnsworth,
Fields, Finney, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughiidge, Mc-
Clurg, Moore, Myers, Paine, Pile. Polsley, Raum,
Schenck, Shellabarger, Stewart, Twitchell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyok,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wollier, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Broomall, Cake, Dawes, Denison, Eliot,
Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenncr, Griswold, Ilaight, Har-
ding, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Kelsey, George V. Law-
rence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, MeCul-
lough, Mercnr, Morrell, O'Neill, Pike. Plants, Price,
Robinson, Sawyer, Selye, Stevens. Taylor, Trow-
bridge, William B. Washburn, and Windom—3fi.
So Mr. Blaine's motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the consideration of the resolution
was postponed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Air. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
an act (S. No. 49) to repeal a joint resolution
entitled "A resolution to provide for the re-
moval of the wreck of the steamship Scot-
land," approved January 29, 18C7; when the
Speaker signed the same.
cost op ordnance, etc.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jlesolved, That the President bo requested to inform
this House what amount of money has becd paid by
the Government since April 13,18(51, tor cannon, ord-
nance, projectiles, and small-arms by the War and
Navy Departments respectively; to whom the said
money was paid, and at What dates; also at what
timo contracts were made under which such articles
were furnished, with copies thereof; and also that ho
be requested to inform this House whether any offi-
cers or employes arc or have been parties to any al-
leged improvement in cannon, ordnance, projectiles,
or small-arms proposed or made by the Government
in either of said Departments, or interested, either
directly or indirectly, by patent-right for any alleged
improvement in ordnance, cannon, small-arms, or
projectiles; and whether any royalty or premium
has been charged or paid to any ofricer or einploy6 m
the War or Navy Department for the use of such
patent-right either by the Government or the manu-
facturer of ordnance, cannon, small-arms, or projec-
tiles, with the particulars thereof.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by "which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ?
northern pacific railway.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Wisconsin, in relation to aid by
the national Government to the Northern Pa-
cific railway ; which were ordered to be printed,
and to be referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad when appointed.
improvement of tiie mississippi.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
also presented joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the Sftte of Wisconsin, relating to the
improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, &e.$ which were ordered to be
printed, and to be referred to the Committee
of Commerce when appointed.
