1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
pieces of bullion, evidently taken early in the rebel-
lion from the United States mints at Charlotte and
Dahlonega.
Mr. KOONTZ. If the gentleman from New
York will yield to me, I will move that the
House adjourn. *
Mr. VAN WYCK. If the House will second
the demand for the previous question, I shall
have no objection to yielding for a motion to
adjourn,
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire of the Speaker
how this happens to be a privileged report?
The SPEAKER. Because the committee
was authorized to report at any time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Van Wyok] intends to
lot this subject go over for action hereafter, not
under the operation of the previous question, I
shall make no objection; but I do not want the
matter to go over under the operation of the
previous question, cutting off all other business
on Monday until this question is disposed of.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It is necessary that ac-
tion upon this matter should be promptly taken
by the House, so that it may receive the con-
currence of the Senate at this session. It was
not my purpose to prevent a proper examina-
tion and discussion of this question ; but I will
explain why it is necessary that there should
be early action on the subject. This gold now
in the Treasury was by the President, proba-
bly without a full examination of the fact,
ordered to be delivered to the claimants, the
Pachmond banks, upon condition that they
should file certain securities with the Treasurer
of the United States. The securities offered
were not deemed by the Treasurer sufficient,
and he refused to deliver the gold. It is ne-
cessary that there should be some action of
both Houses of Congress before the close of
the present session, so that this gold may not
be transferred to the vaults of these banks
until their right to it shall be satisfactorily
established before a court of justice.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman will
allow me to ask why it will not answer every
purpose to pass a joint resolution declaring
that the gold shall remain in the Treasury until
further action on the part of Congress? My
objection to this resolution is based upon that
provision which proposes to carry this ques-
tion to the Court of Claims. I do not know
what may be the precise operation and effect
of that provision. It may enlarge-the juris-
diction of that court so as to reach and cover
other cases.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It does not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I simply desire that
■Congress by its action shall compel the Treas-
urer of tlie United States to retain possession
of this gold until further action on the part of
Congress.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The effect of the joint
resolution is to leave the decision of the ques-
tion where it should be, with the Court of
Claims. We propose that this money shall
remain in the Treasury, and that these claimants
shall go before the Court of Claims and estab-
lish, if they are able, their right to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The reference of
the question to that court is what I object to.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I have no objection to
an amendment of the resolution so as to strike
out the provision referring the question to the
Court of Claims. This will conform to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. COOK. I rise to a question of order.
The resolution reported by the committee
must come before us as a substitute for the
resolution introduced by myself and referred
to that committee; and the question must first
be taken, I submit, upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute reported by the committee for the orig-
inal resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. When a bill is referred to a
committee they can report it back with a sub-
stitute, or report back another bill whjch they
themselves desire to have passed. The rule
does not compel them to report, back the bill
referred to them unless it be a Senate bill, and
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 9.
that must be reporte'd back because it is the
action of another body. A House bill can be
reported back or not in the option of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out of the joint resolution these
words: '' and that the claimants thereto, the
Richmond banks, may contest .their right to
the same in the Court of Claims."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend by providing
that the coin shall be paid into the Treasury
of the United States instead of being sold.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There are also included
fifty-seven pieces of bullion, which I suppose
will have to be sold.
Mr. COOK. I will also include the bullion,
as it is as good in the Treasury as the coin. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. VAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LOGAN moved that indefinite leave of
absence be granted to Mr. Raum, who is called
home by sickness in his family.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Phelps, for two days.
HENRY A. SJIYTIIE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I send up to be read for
information a resolution which I shall offer
when I get the opportunity.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee of this
IIouso be instructed to inquire into the conduct of
Henry A. Smythe, collector of the port of New York,
in connection with the administration of his said
office and in connection with his testimony and pro-
ceedings as a Witness before the Committee on Public
Expenditures ofthe Thirty-Ninth Congress, directed
to examine into matters relating to the New York
custom-house; and if, in their opinion, they shall
find that said Smythe has been guilty of bribery or
other crimes or misdemeanors the committee is in-
structed to report by articles of impcachmont, or oth-
erwise, to the House; and that said committee have
authority to send for persons and papers, to exam-
ine witnesses, and to sit during the sessions of the
House and during any recess of Congress; and that
they be also authorized to use the testimony already
taken by said Coinjpittee on Public_ Expenditures
relating to the administration of affairs in the New
York custom-house.
Mr. NICHOLSON moved that the House
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
20, noes 76.
Mr. NICHOLSON demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-IIOCJSE.
The SPEAKER. The House again resumed
the consideration of Mr. Htjlbued's resolu-
tion, on which the gentleman from New York
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, at this late hour
I do not intend to enter into any discussion
upon this subject. I am sure the hour and a
half my colleague devoted to it has given the
House a sufficiency of the New York custom-
house affairs for this day at least. I will only
say, therefore, that up to the present time, up
to the report of the committee of which my
colleague is chairman, the collector of New
York had a reputation and a character as a
merchant, as a banker, and as a citizen be-
yond reproach ; and it is due to the President
of the United States, whether the facts alleged
in this report be true or not, to say, as I say
now, that no Federal appointment ever re-
ceived so strong, so high a financial indorse-
ment as that of Mr. Smythe, who is now ar-
raigned before the country. He was not
appointed collector of the port of Now York
until the Chamber of Commerce of New York
and the president of almost evory one of our
banking institutions and the almost entire
mercantile community were united in his sup-
port.
I say this much not with any desire or inten-
tion of impugning the facts alleged in that
report^ nor with any design or intention of
defending Mr. Smythe against these serious
charges of crimes and misdemeanors. I have
not the slightest intention of impugning the
statements of my colleague, [Mr. Hulbtod,]
whose reputation here, and indeed in his own
State, is beyond reproach. But, sir, it is due
to every individual who is accused, and espe-
cially to a gentleman holding the high position
of collector of customs for the largest collection,
revenue district in this or any other country,
that he should not bo thus tried and con-
demned upon ex parte testimony; but that
before he is pronounced guilty he should have
the privilege which is awarded to the meanest
criminal in the lowest criminal court of our
country.
Now, sir, so far as Mr. Smythe is concerned
I do not know him personally. I never ex-
changed a word with him in my life. I have
never made an application to him for any offi-
cial favor, and I. believe I have not a friend
holding an office in the custom-house in New
York. But, sir, I am satisfied that he is
totally unfit for the office that he now holds.
I am satisfied upon the evidence presented by
this committee, whether the criminal charges
are sustained or not, that he has not the capa-
city, certainly not the discretion, to fill a place
of that magnitude and importance. He is no
politician, he is not equal to the emergency in
which he has been thus placed by this investi-
gation. I have no doubt he has been the
victim of sharpers in the city of New York.
I have no doubt this committee hare truth-
fully portrayed things which are disgraceful
to the administration of the affairs of the
custom-house in our city; but, sir, I believe
many of these things are susceptible of expla-
nation. I believe it is quite possible for some
of the two or three thousand subordinates
under that public officer to be guilty of crimi-
nal acts before the law and before the country
for which, though the principal may be held
responsible, he may nevertheless be innocent
of any willful or criminal action himself.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
House and of the country to this fact: that it
is impossible with the complicated revenue
laws which govern the collection of the revenue
not only in that, but in every other collection
district in the country, for any collector to be
cognizant of the things that are transacted
around him. It is beyond the capacity of any
man to go into the office of collector of the
port of New York and discharge the duties
without committing errors, or without being
liable to some extent to the same accusations
that are made here against this man. It is in
consequence of the defects in our laws. For
the last sixty years wc have been passing one
revenue law after another until we have made
confusion worse confounded, so that the ablest
lawyer in the country could not be qualified
with less than six months' practical experience
for the duties of the office, so as to be able to
discharge them without serious errors. Mr.
Smythe is a merchant, educated as such. He
knew nothing of law, and was unfitted for an
important executive trust. Not knowing what
to do, not suspecting he was surrounded by
thieves, he entered upon the discharge of his
duties, and the exhibition which we now have
proves more in my judgment his want of fitness
for the position than his want of personal in-
tegrity.
It has been alleged by the chairman of- the..
committee thsft Mr. Smythe said he was a
Democrat. Sir, I think I know the Democracy
of the city of New York, and I state_ on my
own personal knowledge that he has. never-
voted the Democratic ticket there.
