130
THE CONGRESS!ONA L GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. HULBURD. I think I stated that lie
first testified before the committee that he had
always voted the Democratic ticket; but when
he came to revise his testimony he directed
the stenographer to strike out a portion, which
was done.
Mr. WOOD. Whatever may have been the
gentleman's politics, he has never .been iden-
tified with the Democratic party, but he has
been a liberal contributor to the Republican
fund of the city of New York. He has been
prominent upon all political occasions in an-
tagonism to the Democratic party, belongs to
the Loyal League, and is at this time a mem-
ber in good standing. [Laughter.] Therefore,
so far as the attempt of my colleague t  throw
any odium upon the Democratic party grow-
ing out of this horrible exhibition is concerned,
I throw it back upon him. I do not desire to
make his political party responsible for the
moral aberrations of one man ; yet if that ar-
gument can be sustained he may have the
benefit of the appointment. We do not want it.
In the early part of this session I offered for
the consideration of this House a resolution
proposing the appointment of a select commit-
tee to examine and revise the laws for the
collection of revenue in this country. I did
that after reading the report of my colleague
[Mr. Htjlbdrd] upon this subject. In my
judgment that report is more important to
Congress in exposing the defects of our exist-
ing laws than it is in attacking an individual
officer. I hope the members of this House
will read that report carefully, as well as all
the testimony which we have not yet been per-
mitted to read.
They will then see how much our great and
important commercial interests are at the mercy
of the collector of New York and of his crea-
tures and subordinates. They will see, for
instance, how a man who pays into the public
Treasury from one hundred to five hundred thou-
sand dollars a year in the form of duties may
have his commercial credit ruined and his moral
character destroyed merely by a subordinate of
the custom-house walking into his counting-
room, charging him with an attempt to defraud
the revenue, and closing his place of business.
We have an instance cited in this report where
$70,000 worth of wines were suddenly seized
and the character of theimporter was destroyed.
And in order to be allowed to resume his busi-
ness the importer submitted to be black-mailed
to the extent of $12,000 in gold; thus purchas-
ing as it were the privilege of continuing his
business by submitting to an extortion on the
part of Government officials.
And here let me call the attention of the
House especially to the inducements offered
by the law for such practices. A certain por-
tion of the property seized is to be distributed
to the informer in the first instance; that in
itself is an odious principle and wrong. Sec-
ondly, the collector, the surveyor, and the
naval officer are allowed to divide among them-
selves another portion of the property seized ;
and thus a premium is offered for rascality.
It is almost beyond the power of an honest
man to remain honest in an office where he is
allowed bylaw the opportunity of thus amass-
ing a fortune of millions of dollars within the
four years of his term of service. The temp-
tation is too gieat for poor humau nature.
And from the day3 of Swartvvout, who stole
§1,500,000 in one year, down to the present
time, 1 do not believe any occupant of that
office could stand up and defend the acts of
all subordinates under him in reference to these
seizures.
And I would say to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] that if he would take a
more elevated and statesmanlike view of this
whole question he would 'bring forward a
proposition to remedy the law, so as to take
away from the individual the temptation to
commit these outrages upon the merchants
of the country, upon the Treasury, and upon
the Government. That is the defect of the
existing" law, and I call upon this Congress
before itg adjournment, either at this session
or at the next session, to do something to
remedy the defect of the law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] will
allow me, I will say that at the last session the
law was changed in a very important partic-
ular, by requiring all the duties upon the arti-
cle to be first paid and deducted before the
division shall be made to which the gentleman
refers.
Mr. WOOD. I am aware of that. But
that is a very slight amendment; it is only the
difference between gross receipts and net re-
ceipts, and it is a picayune way of remedy-
ing a fundamental difficulty in the law itself.
There is nothing- in that change of the law
which would prevent a collector of a port or
a surveyor or the naval agent or any deputy
or inspector or subordinate, however humble,
from walking into the gentleman's counting-
room or into mine, and seizing the whole
establishment and confiscating it at once upon
the charge of attempting to defraud the Gov-
ernment and taking to himself a share of the
proceeds.
Now, we want an entire revision of the laws
relating to the collection of revenue. We
want not only the codification of the laws which
have been directed, but we want a revision and
condensation of them; we want them all put
in one general law, with provision for econo-
mizing the expense of collodion, taking away
from the public officcr all inducements for im-
position upon the importer and injury to the
public Treasury. These are the important
requisites which the public interest demands
from the hands of Congress, and when we have
done that we will have no more such reports
as this which has been made in relation to the
collector of the port of New York.
Sir, with reference to Mr. Smythe, I will say
that until this report was made, until this inves-
tigation was instituted by Congress, and until
its results were spread before the country, that
gentleman's personal character was beyond
reproach, and this proceeding only proves that
however a man may be, however far above
suspicion, the very moment he is called upon
to fill a public office he is suspected of wrong
doing and corruption. That, sir, is the radi-
cal defect in the organization of our civil ser-
vice ; a public servant is suspected of being
dishonest as soon as he assumes his position.
But, sir, it is not our duty to correct, the mor-
als of the people. I can only say that since
the present occupant of the White House has
occupied his present position this broad ave-
nue has been thronged with* applicants to get
appointments for political considerations. In
this case the President rose above all partisan
claims and met the wants of the mercantile
interests of the country, as expressed through
the Chamber of Commerce of New York. If
the collector whom he thus appointed has
proved a traitor to his country, has indulged
in corrupt practices, and thus brought disgrace
upon his family and friends, it is but an addi-
tional-instance of what is occurring in this
country every day.
Sir, I do not defend the collector of New
York from the charges made against him in
this report. I am ready to admit that every
word stated in this report is literally true. I
believe that the gentleman who headed this
committee could not be induced under any
circumstances to bring in the report unless he
believed every word of it to bo true. But let
us learn from this our duty as legislators. We
are not the executive head of the Government.
The responsibility of such appointments as
these rests in the Executive, and if the Presi-
dent be not true to his duty—I was about say-
ing he could be impeached. But if the facts
stated in this report be true, and the President
believes them to be true, I believe that he will
do his duty. The collector of the port of Hew
York is a subordinate officer of his; let him
hold him to strict responsibility. I am for
letting every department of this Government
do its own duty within its legitimate sphere.
If there be any principle of our Constitution
more clearly defined than another, it is that, there
are three coordinate independent branches of
the Government, a legislative power to enact
laws, a judicial power to construe the laws,
and an executive power to administer them.
Co not let us encroach upon the functions of
the executive power. Do not let us recall the
days of the French Convention or of the Long
Parliament of England by usurping executive
powers ; let us do our duty strictly within the
legitimate sphere of the Constitution, and
trust to the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment to do their duty within the same
sphere.
Mr. HULBURD. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order now to
move to postpone the further consideration of
this question?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
previous question be not seconded.
Mr. ROSS. I think we had better postpone
this matter.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution of Mr. Hulbubd, which was again read,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House be re-
quested to appoint the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, and that said committee, when appointed, take
into consideration a report made at the last session
by such committee on the subject of the New York
custom-house, and report what action, if any, is
advisable in the prcmisos.
The resolution was agreed to—ayes seventy-
one, noes not counted.
Mr. HULBURD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted :
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HULBURD. I desire to say that I
wish the Speaker to waive in this case the
courtesy of putting the mover of the resolution
upon the committee. For four years I have
acted as Scavenger among the filth and garbage
of the investigations to which I have been
assigned ; and I would beg now to be excused.
The SPEAKER. By the parliamentary
usage, as well as by the fact of the gentleman's
previous service on the committee, the Chair
would feel it his duty to'appoint the gentleman
unless the House excuses him.
Several*^!embers. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
House would not excuse the gentleman, but
will put the motion if tho gentleman insists
upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now offer the following
resolution, which has already been read for
the information of the House :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee of this
House be instructed to inquire into the conduct of
Henry A. Smythe, collector of the port of New York,
in connection with tho administration of his said
office, and in conneotion with bis testimony and
proceedings as a witness before the Committee on
Public Expenditures of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
directed to examine into matters relating totbeNew
York custom-house; and if in their opinion they
shall find that the said Smythe has been guilty of
bribery or other crimes or misdemeanors, the com-
mittee is instructed to report by articles of impeach-
ment or otherwise, to the House; and that said com-
mittee have authority to send for persons and paper,
to examine witnesses, and to sit uuru)3 tho sessions
of tho House and during any recess of Congress ; and
that said committee bo also authorized to use the
testimony already taken by tho said Committee on
Public Expenditures relating to the administration
of affairs in the New York custom-house.
Mr. Speaker, since the adoption of the res-
olution of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hulberd,] requiring tiie immediate
appointment of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, I am disposed to modify my res-
olution so as to devolve upon that committee
the duty of making this investigation and
report.
I have but a very few words to say upon the
propriety of instituting, or rather continuing,
this investigation. After the expose which 1ms
been made, with the references to the tes-
timony and the records," in regard to the con-
duct of this collector at New York, it seems
