1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
to me there remains nothing for the House,
and there ought to remain nothing for him,
except to demand an investigation which shall
determine whether this is not a case coming
within the contemplation of that requirement
of the Constitution which imposes upon Corf-
gress^ the duty of impeaching the President,
the Vice President, or any other civil officer
of the United States who may be guilty of "trea-
son, bribery, or other high crimes and mis-
demeanors." I am disposed to believe there
is no other way of getting rid of this man. I
am afraid that these very exposures will only
make the President cling more closely to him.
However that may be, Mr. Smythe occupies
an exceedingly prominent and most responsi-
ble position before the country. As collector
of the port of New York, ho is a civil officer
who in importance stands second only, if sec-
ond, to a member of the Cabinet of the Pres-
ident. Through that custom-house and under
his supervision passes a very large proportion
of all the revenues by which this Government
is sustained. But, sir, where such develop-
ments have been made in connection with an
official holding an office of such consequence,
I need not urge upon the House the obvious
importance of measures looking to impeach-
ment, if impeachment is in any case to be insti-
tuted against any civil officer whatever.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me one word?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire simply to express
my preference for the prosecution of this in-
vestigation by the committee that has already
had charge of the subject. My view on this
point is founded partly upon the fact that the
gentleman who has heretofore served as chair-
man of this committee will be able to elicit
testimony which will throw some new light on
this question and exhibit facts of which the
House has now no knowledge. I think that
is the motive which actuated the chairman in
having the committee revived. I think it is
due to him that he should be allowed to place
himself right, to vindicate himself before the
American people. He has been assailed, and
he should be permitted to carry out what he
has already so well begun.
Mr. SCHENCK. My friend did not ob-
serve when I first rose that I expressed my
purpose to modify my resolution and to put
the duty on that committee instead of the
Committee on the Judiciary. When the reso-
lution was first prepared hurriedly at my desk
we had no committee appropriate to the duty
except the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. I suggest whether it is in
accordance to precedent or according to any
rule of procedure to send a resolution looking
to impeachment to the Committee on Public
Expenditures? It should be, it seems to me, a
special committee. It may be constituted of
the same gentlemen for aught I know or care.
I should be glad if it were so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know there is any
precedent on this subject. I suppose the power
of Congress over this subject in every sense is
potential. We have usually had Committees
on the Judiciary, because in the few cases where
there have been impeachments they have been
of judicial officers.
PRINTING OF TIIE BANKRUPT LAW, ETC.
Mr. BARNES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which under
the law was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand copies of tho
bankrupt law, ten thousand copies of the amended
internal i evenue law, and ten thousand copies of the
amended tariff hill on wool and woolens, as passed
by the ihirty-Ninth Congress, be printed for the use
of tho members of tho Fortieth Congress.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE—AGAIN.
Mr. WOOD. Do not the rules define the
duties of the committees ?
The SPEAKER. They define the duties of
the committees, and then they generally say
that they shall consider such other matters as
may be referred to them. The Clerk will read
from page 165 of the Digest the rule in refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures.
The Clerk read as follows :
85. It shall bo the duty of the Committee on Public
Expenditures to examine into the state of the sev-
eral public Departments, and particularly into laws
making appropriations of money, and to report
whether this moneys have been disbursed conform-
ably with such laws; and also to report from time to
time such provisions and arrangements as may be
necessary to add to the economy of the departments
and the accountability of their officers.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that rule cannot be
construed so as to give that committee power
to present articles of impeachment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules tho
point of order upon two grounds. The com-
mittee are directed to examine into the several
departments of the Government, and the col-
lector of the port of New York is one of those
departments and a very important one. The
second ground is that while this rule declares
what shall be the specific duty of the commit-
tee, the Chair has no doubt the House can oi der
the committee to do anything it pleases.
This is only preliminary to the preferring of
articles of impeachment. This ouly gives to
the committee authority to present to the House
articles of impeachment. It gives to the com-
mittee no more power than the rules now give
to the gentleman himself. He may present
articles of impeachment against any officer of
the Government, and if the House sees fit they
can adopt them without referring them to any
committee.
Mr. WOOD. There is no precedent where
the Committee on Public Expenditures has
ever been authorized to do this thing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair's recollection
bears the gentleman out in that statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. i have simply provided
that the committee may report by articles of
impeachment or in any other shape they may
see fit. Until the House adopts such report,
either in the shape of articles of impeachment
or otherwise, it will have no validity. But I
will strike out that part of the resolution
which speaks of articles of impeachment,^ so
as to require tho committee to report, leaving
the House to determine whether articles of
impeachment shall bo adopted or not.
Let us see how this matter stands. The
committoo made an inquiry into the conduct
of this man and lias made its report. Now,
what is the defense we have heard to the con-
clusions of that report? Why that the revenue
laws are very complicated; and therefore (I
do not understand the logic) he could not
help offering bribes. [Laughter.] That is
the whole of it.
Why, sir, the very defense, excuse, or apol-
ogy that has been made for the man ought not
merely to call upon him to cry out in very
agony, "Save me from my friends," but it ought
to induce him to request to be relieved from
any sort of excuse that is made for him.
Mr. WOOD. I submit to tlie gentleman
that I did not attempt any defense of the col-
lector of New Y ork.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I withdraw anything
I have said in that particular.
Mr. WOOD. I distinctly declared that I
did not attempt to defend Mr. Smythe, nor
did I profess to be his friend. I did defend
him from the charge of having belonged to the
Democratic party, [laughter;] but beyond that
I think I ventured no defense of his case.
Mr. SCHENCK.. Well, sir, I differ from
the Democratic party perhaps in this: if he be
a Democrat let him be tried and exposed \ but
if he be a Republican by all means let lnm be
tried and exposed. We are not of those who
stand up to defend men because they belong to
our party ; but believe all the more if they are
guilty that they should be brought to punish-
ment, because they disgrace their general char-
acter as men as well as the character of the
party with which they unfortunately happen to
be connected, which attempts to stand upon
its principles,' high above all these things. I
do not care, therefore, whether he belongs to
the Democratic or Republican party. I do
care whether he be or be not a criminal.
Everything that has been disclosed in this
House points, perhaps unerringly, certainly
with some degree of suspicion, to his guilt,
and we cannot avoid looltirtg upon him as a
man who has been guilty of such high crimes
that he ought to be relieved from the place ho
so unworthily occupies, and from which he is
not perhaps likely to be removed unless Con-
gress does intervene for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. Perhaps he will resign.
Mr. HULBURD. The gentleman from Ohio
says perhaps he will be continued in. I beg
to state that a gentleman told me day before
yesterday that he heard Mr. Smythe say dis-
tinctly that he had a letter from the President's
Private Secretary assuring him that he was all
right, or as the expression was, " all hunky-
dory," and he should continue on. [Laughter.]
I want the House to understand that if we ad-
journ without doing anything the effect will be
to keep this man in.
Mr. WOOD. I ask my colleague whether
he believes, after this testimony which he him-
self has given to the House to-day and after
his repeated allegations that Mr. Smythe is not
to be believed under any circumstances, that
Mr. Smythe made that declaration, and whether
he believes, if he made such a declaration,
he told the truth ?
Mr. HULBURD. I think very likely he
did make that declaration.
Mr. WOOD. Do you believe he made it?
Mr. HULBURD. I do.
Mr. WOOD. Do you believe he told the
truth when ho made it?
Mr. HULBURD. Oh, that is another thing,
sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. That is the main thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have another reason for
proposing this investigation. Mr. Smythe, it
appears, testified before the committee that ho
had always voted with the Democratic party,
and afterward from some prudential considera-
tion or other he had that portion of his testi-
mony erased. Now, a member from New York
rises in his place and says that Mr. Smythe
never belonged to the Democratic party. If
that is so, he is a perjurer. Now, sir, with
such a charge made before this House, that
that man was capable of swearing to a false-
hood in that particular, have we not good rea-
son to suspect his criminality in other things,
and therefore good reason to pursue this inves-
tigation? I do not know or inquire where the
weight of testimony will be upon that particular
proposition if this is to be made in an issue in
the inquiry, as perhaps it will not. But if
weight is to be given to the statements made
on this floor there is certainly a falsehood
sworn to.
Sir, I take the gentleman from New York at
his word. He charges this man with perjury.
Here before this House, in the course of this
debate, he charges him with having sworn to
a lie. 4 .
Mr. WOOD. The chairman of the commit-
tee said that he afterward withdrew that state-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe that when an
oath is already registered in Heaven he cannot
wipe out the record. The fact is before the
House that he swore to a distinct and positive
fact, and afterward, for certain reasons known
best to himself, he struck out that part of his
testimony; but he did not thus change the fact
that he had thus sworn, although he struck out
the proof as written down in black and white by
the stenographer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman in-
tend to make profert of that record which he
states is above?
Mr. SCHENCK. If I did, the gentleman
would be the. last messenger I would send there
with any expectation of being able to procure
it. [Laughter.]
I do not wish to detain the House further. I
desire to move the previous question upon my
