138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
March 16,
in some safe depository by the military com-
mandant who receives it:
X, , do solemnly swear, in the presence of
Almighty GaJ, that I am a citizen of the State of
—  ( thfit I have resided in said State for 
months next preceding this day, and now reside in
the county of , or the parish of , in said
Stjte, (as tho case may be;) that I am twenty-one
years old: that I have not been disfranchised for par-
ticipation in any rebellion or citil war against the
United States, nor for felony committed against the
laws of any State or of the United States; thatlhave
never taken an oath as a member of Congress of the
United States, or as an officer of the United States, or
as a member of any State Legislature, or as an exec-
utive or judicial officer of any Stato, to support the
Constitution of the United States and afterward en-
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against the United
States or given aid or comfort to the enemies therof;
that I am sincerely and earnestly attached to the
Government of the United States and the Union of
the States under the same; that I will faithfully sup-
port the Constitution and obey the laws of the United
States, and will, to the best of my ability, encourage
others so to do; so help me God.
Then I propose to add after the word
"officer" in the twenty-second line the follow-
ing clause:
And every person taking such oath, and in so doing
swearing falsely, shall be deemed guilty of perjury,
and on conviction be punished as provided by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot.) The amendment will be reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has just
read it at length, and I do not know that it is
necessary, unless some Senator wishes it, to
have it read again., I trust the Senate will
not adopt that long oath. The oath provided
for in the bill is substantially that oath, leaving
out that part of it which requires the voter to
swear to his sincerity. There is no such thing
as that in the oath in the bill. The Senator
proposes that the voter shall swear that he is
sincere. I would not give much for that kind
of an oath. I do not think it is worth any
thing.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I think that is
not contained in my amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the Clerk read it.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator has
misapprehended it.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it
is necessary to incorporate all the laws of the
land into this bill. It will be observed that
the Senator has in this form of oath, as he
provides it, a requirement that the voter shall
swear that he is sincerely and earnestly at-
tached to the Union. Now, what does that
amount to? It makes oaths very cheap to
require that kind of an oath of a person, to
swear as to his sincerity. I will not take up
time upon that.
Again, the Senator from Michigan proposes
to punish for perjury a person who swears
falsely. How an- you going to prove that the
man is not sincere? How are you going to
prove that he is not in earnest? Are you
going to put him in the penitentiary if you can
prove that he was not sincere when he swears
that he was sincere? The statutes now pro-
vide that when a person swears falsely, no
matter where an oath is required to be admin-
istered, he is guilty of perjury. Do you wish
to reenact that statute?
Again, the Senator, instead of adopting the
form of the oath as it is prescribed here, that
the voter is not excluded from the right to vote
by the fifth and sixth sections of an act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, adopts the oath that is therein
referred to, and repeats it here; and he uses
in his oath the word "disfranchised." He
makes the voter swear that he is not disfran-
chised by any law of the United States. Why
did he not put in all the disfranchising clauses,
copy the whole of them, and make the voter
swear to the whole of them?
Now, sir, I take it that the persons who
make this registration of voters will explain to
>he persons who take the oath the meaning of
thr-se words. They will have before them,
doubtless, the act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States, and
they will know what class of persons are ex-
cluded, and will explain to any one who wishes
to understand it what is meant by requiring
him to swear that he is not excluded by those
sections. 1 do not think it necessary to copy
those sections into the oath. I trust that the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not particular as to
the retention of the phrase "sincerely attached
to the Government of the United States." I
do not regard it as very important. Still I look
upon it as of some value. We are about to call
before the board of registration in the various
rebel States a multitude of men who know noth-
ing whatever about thelaws of the United States,
men who can neither read nor write, by thou-
sands and tens of thousands ; and men who,
though they may be able to read and write, care
little for your oaths, and who are just as willing
to go it blind now as they were four or five years
ago. The Senator from Illinois seems to be
entirely willing to bridge over the passage be-
tween rebelism and Unionism by suggesting to
the voter that if he will swear that he is not
excluded from tho right of voting by a statute
of the United States, of which he knows noth-
ing, he may do so. Sir, I am opposed to this
blind way of administering oaths and getting
testimony. Why not, in so many words, when
the voter presents himself before the board of
registration, tell him what the qualifications
which he must possess are before he is allowed
to register his name?
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why does not the Sen-
ator from Michigan put into his form of oath
all the laws and the Constitution of the United
States? He requires the voter to swear that
he will support the Constitution and the laws
of the United States. The voter does, not
know anything about them. Why not read
the whole of them to liim and swear him to
them ?
Mr. HOWARD. The presumption is, that
every man knows something about the general
principles of the Constitution of the United
States. But here is a new condition .of things.
We are calling to the book men who have been
in arms against us, men who have for four or
five years last past contemned our authority
and resisted it at the point of the bayonet;
men who are even now, if they could have
their own way, willing and anxious to renew
the war, or at all events to take some steps by
which they can shake off the authority of the
United States and establish an independent
government of their own. My idea is that
when such a man offers himself for registra-
tion he shall be informed by the very terms of
the oath itself which he is about to take what
are the qualifications of a voter, and not per-
mit him to come up and swear to an inference
of law, or a conclusion of law, or to a mere
legal opinion, which he would have to do under
the form of oath as suggested by this bill. Let
him know what the facts are ; let the facts
stare him in the face when he lays his hand
upon the book, and not let him proceed to
swear in general terms that he is not excluded
by a statute of the Unitad States, of which he
.may be perhaps, and will be in many cases,
totally ignorant.
Sir, this is laying a snare for the consciences
of thousands of men, and it is enabling addi-
tional thousands to come forward and take this
oath and become voters who, if the facts were
laid before them at the time they offer them-
selves, would not dare, in the face of the quali-
fications which they read, to take the oath and
offer themselves as voters. I wish to protect
the ballot-box against such impositions.
I tell you, sir, and I assure the Senator from
Illinois, that the form of oath which he has sug-
gested in this bill will weigh scarcely a feather
wgh the great mass of the rebels at the South ;
and that is the view which has already been
taken of it. Such is the light in which it has
already been viewed by gentlemen in the rebel
States who have written to me on the subject,
who have seen the form and contents of this
oath. They say it is not worth.a rush in the
form it now stands. I confess, sir, that I shall
hesitate long before I vote for a bill which
opens the door to so much fraud as may be
committed under it.
Now, sir, the act which we passed at the last
session expresses the qualifications of a voter,
states what they shall be, and defines those
qualifications in very brief and in- very clear
terms. Why not in the form of an oath in
which you are about to administer to the^voter
lay the whole thing like a map before him, so
that he may know and judge for himself, and
swear at his peril, and not permit him to swear
by a mere reference to a former statute, which
is not before him, and of which he may know
nothing or at least very little.
Mr. SUMNER. From time immemorial
statutes have been proverbial for their crude-
nes3 and technicality. There is no saying
more common, I suppose, than that a person
who is not somewhat versed in law had better
not undertake to read a statute. There is a
saying that comes to my mind of one of the
Lord Chancellors of England to this effect:
that he should be ashamed of himself if he
could not answer a question of common law,
and he should be ashamed of himself if he
could answer a question of statute law without
looking into the book. Now, this oath which
the report of the committee prescribes is to
impose upon the people at large, the common
people, the duty of looking into the statute and
of applying their minds to its interpretation.
It seems to me that this is to expect too much.
I think, therefore, my friend from Michigan
has acted wisely in calling attention to this oath
and in providing a substitute. I think it is im-
portant that in the oath there should be a pre-
cise enumeration set forth, in the plainest pos-
sible language, of the obligations assumed by
the party.
I would go still further than my friend in
the oath that I would prescribe. I would re-
quire a distinct subscription of what I regard
as fundamental articles of political faith at
this moment. I would require every person
who has been in rebellion, before he shall be
allowed to hold office or to vote, to take an
oath, not only in general support of the Con-
stitution and in allegiance to it, but specific-
ally that he recognizes the unity of the Re-
public ; that he will not lend himself hereafter
to any scheme of secession; that he will not
promote in any way any scheme to postpone
the national credit or the national debt, or
again to uphold the rebel debt by paying it in
any form ; and that he will support in all re-
spects equal rights, the equality of all before
the law. I should like to see such an oath as
that prescribed to all in these rebel States who
come forward as candidates for office or to
vote. I know it may bo said that they will take
this oath vainly; in other words, that they will
perjure themselves, and yet I do think that
such a prescription as I now suggest would
have a tendency to teach these people what
we expect from them in reconstructing the
States. However, the proposition of my friend
does not go as far as I would go ; but it is in
every respect better than that of the commit-
tee, and I shall vote for it.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, theory is some-
thing, but practice is much more. In reference
to the necessity of such a provision as this I
am inclined to remember how it was upon the
soil of Missouri recently. After the disfran-
chisements ingrafted upon the constitution of
Missouri and her laws 1 know that rebels from
Missouri by the hundreds sought a paradise in
the Territory of Nebraska in order to get clear
of being disfranchised for their part in the re-
bellion in the State of Missouri, and they have
since left us for a more congenial clime ; they
have emigrated to Texas. They are this day
within those States now to be brought into the
Union. There is no partor parcel of tho prop-
ositions or amendments to this bill so distaste-
ful to them as the one now before the Senate.
That proposition, as I remember, as I heard it
