1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
read, is that they shall affirm that they have
not been disfranchised. They were disfran-
chised in Missouri. They ought not to be per-
mitted to run away from States that are in con-
sonance with the progress of the age, into those
States to stand in the way of loyal organizations
there. Having been appealed to by those whom
we regard as loyal representatives of a loyal
population in these States, I would vote for the
bill without this proposition, I suppose ; but I
should regret exceedingly to east a vote for it
without this proposition.
Mr. MORTON. There is a part of the
amendment offered^ by the Senator from Michi-
gan that I am not in favor of, simply because
I think it would be the means of causing a
great deal ofperjury to be committed. I allude
to that portion which requires them to swear
that they are sincerely and truly attached to
the Government of the UnitedStates. Inpoint
of fact, we know that the great mass of these
rebels are not attached to and do not love the
Government of the United States; but they
will take this oath probably for the purpose
of securing the right to vote. I think that that
portion of the amendment which provides that
they shall swear that they will support the Con-
stitution and obey the laws of the United
States, and will to the best of their ability
encourage all others to do the same, is suffi-
cient on that point. If the clause requiring
them to swear that they are sincerely and
earnestly attached to the Government of the
United States is retained, the effect will be to
induce these men to commit perjury upon a
point on which they never can be convicted.
A man will swear that he is sincerely attached
to the Government*^ the United States, and
yet yon cannot convict him of perjury, although
yon can prove he has been a rebel. I say, in
point of fact, we know that these men are not
so attached, and therefore it is not worth while
to insert that clause in the oath.
But sir, there is another portion of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan which I think of great importance, and
thai is that the oath shall set forth the dis-
qualifications which the voter is required to
swear he does not labor under. That is the
form of the " iron-clad oath" that we take in
this Senate. We are not simply required to
swear that we are not subject to tlie disqualifi-
cations contained in a section of the law of
1862, but the disqualifications are set forth in
the oath, and they are called to the attention
of each member of the Senate when he takes
the oath. We are not simply referred to a cer-,
tain section of a law passed three or four years
ago.
By the form of oath prescribed in the bill
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
the voter is required to swear that he is not
" excluded from the right to vote by the fifth
and sixth sections of said ' act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States.' '' Sir, not one person in a hundred
in the rebel States will ever see the act referred
to ; and if the Senators on this floor had been
called upon this morning to state what the sub-
stance of the fifth and sixth sections of that act
was, perhaps they could not do it. if the Sen-
ator from Illinois himself had been asked this
morning, before his attention was particularly
called to it, what were the disqualifications con-
tained in those two sections, or what the char-
acter of those sections was, perhaps he could
not tell. And yet that is the form of oath that
we propose to require of these people who
never saw the original act of Congress, who do
not know that there is a fifth or a sixth sec-
tion in the act, who perhaps do not know what
are the disqualifications contained in the act
and never heard of them ; men who cannot
read and write ; for more than one half of all
the men who are called upon t« take that oath
cannot read and write. They are called upon
to swear that they are not subject to the dis-
qualifications mentioned in the fifth and sixth
sections of a certain act, when they do not
know what the sections are, and never read
the act that contains them.
In my opinion, the oath should set forth
briefly, but clearly, what these disqualifications
are that they are required to swear they do not.
labor under, that their attention maybe called
to them as they take the oath, so that they may
not commit perjury by inadvertence, or by igno-
rance, or in a way in which they could not be
convicted for it. Why, sir, if yon were trying
to convict a man for perjury for taking the oath
prescribed in the bill, you would have to go on
and prove as a matter of fact that he was ac-
quainted with the fifth and sixth sections of the
act of Congress passed on the 2d of March, a
thing you could not do in one case perhaps
out of a hundred. As the Senator from Mich-
igan says, it virtually nullifies the oath, it is a
snare; it amounts to nothing.
Now, sir, the oath will not be very long as
the Senator from Michigan proposes to amend
it. It is not as long as the oath we are required
to take in this Senate; and that occasions no
particular delay. This oath is not to be taken
at an election, where there is a great crowd
around and there is a hurry and no time to
administer the oath, but is to be taken when
the voters are registered; and that is a con-
tinuing process from day to dajr until it is fin-
ished. The oath would not be inconveniently
long. But, sir, unless the things are specific-
ally stated in the oath which they are required
to swear in regard to, they will not know any-
thing about them; it will be a snare; and if
they commit perjury they cannot be convictcd
of it.
Asa mere matter of experience ourselves,
suppose this oath had been submitted to every
member of "the Senate this morning, I ask you
how they could have answered ? There would
not be a Senator willing to take the oath with-
out first referring to the act to see what is con-
tained in those sections, aside from the fact
that we here having been called upon to pass
upon this question have been made familiar
with it. But if you were to submit this oath to
the people of this city now, there is scarcely a
man, unless he is anxious to become a voter,
who could take the oath intelligently. To take
it intelligently ho must refer to the law, and if
he cannot do it himself he must get somebody
to read it to him. Therefore, to make this
oath intelligent and to make it binding on the
consciences of men, and to make it effectual
and answer the purpose that we want it to an-
swer, it should set forth just what the Senator
from Michigan has put into it. I am in favor
of that portion of his amendment, but the other
part, requiring them to swear that they are sin-
cerely attached to the Government, 1 am not
in favor of, because that is simply a temptation
to commit perjury. These men who want to
vote are prepared to submit perhaps to the
Government, but they cannot swear truly that
they love it, and there is no use in asking them
to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
from Indiana will move to strike out the words
to, which he refers I shall certainly make no
objection to it, or I will have them stricken
out of my amendment if he will designate them.
I do not regard them as of much force. I am
willing also to strike out that portion of the
amendment which declares that the party shall
be guilty of perjury m swearing falsely. I will
amend my amendment in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan can modiiyhis own amend-
ment. It is not now in order to move to
amend it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think if we
look at this subject a little carefully we shall
see that there is no necessity for adopting the
oath which has been submitted by the Senator
from Michigan. The fifth section of the re-
construction act passed at the last session pro-
vides :
" That no person excluded from tlie priviloge of
hold, ng offieo by said proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States shall be eligible to
election as a member of tlie convention to frame a
constitution for any of thesaidrcbel States, nor shall
any such person vote for members of said convon-
tion."
In other words, the fifth section of the act
disqualifies as voters' those who are disfran-
chised from holding office under the fourteenth
article of Amendments to the Constitution.
Who are those persons? They are persona
who, having once taken an oath as members
of Congress, or as officers of the United States,
or as members of a State Legislature, or as an
executive or judicial officer of any State to
support the Constitution of the United-States,
has afterward given aid to the enemy. How
many of those persons are there at the South ?
Here is an affidavit covering the side of a sheet
of paper, which is to be submitted to every
black man at the South. Six hundred and
seventy thousand of them are to read, or have
read to them, this affidavit who cannot by any
possibility come under the provisions and pro-
hibitions of the law. They have not been
members of Congress; they have not held
office under the General Government and taken
an oath as such to support the Constitution,
and then afterward given aid to the enemy.
Not only is it useless that those six hundred
and seventy thousand should take the oath, but
it is useless that a vast majority of the white
population of the South should take it. To
whom would it apply ? It would apply to those
who have been members of Congress, members
of State Legislatures, who held office under the
General Government and had taken the oath
to support the Constitution. Does the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan say that they
would not understand the oath in the language
in which it is framed in the bill ? There is not
a single man of them who would not under-
stand it. All those to whom the oath is of
any utility are men of intelligence, are as in-
telligent as our committees, and would fully
understand it. I therefore submit that it is
subjecting the Government to a vast amount
of useless expense and expenditure of time,
piling up affidavits by the thousand and hun-
dreds of thousands, that men have not been
members of this Senate, members of Congress,
officers of the Federal Army, taken an oath of
allegiance to this country, and then given aid
and comfort to the enemy. It seems to me
that every man of intelligence to whom the
oath would apply will understand it in the
terms in which it is stated in the bill as sub-
mitted by the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. The argument used by the
Senator from New Jersey applies equally as
well against the oath contained in the bill as
against the oath contained in the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Michigan. If
it were proposed to strike out both of these
oaths my position might be a little different
in regard to that; but as it is not proposed to
dispense with swearing altogether, of course
it becomes a matter of importance to know
■ which oath is best. The oue proposed by the
Senator from Michigan is a plain statement of
facts, that every black man and every white
man in the South can understand. It is a
plain, simple oath, such as all of them can be
perfectly well informed upon and can swear
intelligently to. But the oath submitted in
the bill is a very different one. As has been
well stated by the Senator from Indiana, it is
an oath that could not be intelligently taken by
the Senators of the United States this day, al-
though they have the bills before them and arc
now discussing them. It is an oath that could
not be taken intelligently by one per cent, of
all the inhabitants to whom it is to be sub-
mitted. The oath proposed by the Senator
from Michigan is a plain, simple statement of
facts, that every-one has the power to under-
stand, and it is the only oath- that is proposed
that is adequate to the purpose. If an oath is
necessary, if it is deemed proper and impor-
tant, this is certainly the oath which should be
attached to this bill.
I think on the subject of the time requisite
that there is very little difference really in the
length of the oaths, and any objection whatever
on that score that will apply to the oath sub-
mitted by the Senator from Michigan is equally
applicable to the oath contained in the bill. I
