140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
was in hopes that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, who is in charge of
this bill, would adopt the one proposed by the
Senator from Michigan at once. For one I
am well satisfied that the people engaged in
revolution, and it is true of other countries as
well as this, will swear to anything, that they
will take almost any kind of oath that may be
submitted to them under present circum-
stances. I believe, for one, that very little
value is to be attached to them. Nor does it
militate materially against the character of the
individual, because they look at this question
in a very different light and from a very dif-
ferent stand-point of view from which we look
at it. The only objectionable part of the oath
submitted by the Senator from Michigan has
now been stricken out, and I think it is, as
modified, entirely pertinent to the subject, and
is most admirably adapted to the occasion. I
hope the Senator from Illinois will yet consent
to adopt it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Michigan as modified.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported in full as it now stands.
The Secretary read as follows :
I, , do solemnly swear, in the presence of Al-
mighty God, that I am a citizen of the State of —,
that I have resided in said State for months
next precedingthisday, and now reside i n the county
of ( or the parish of , in said State, (as the
case may be;) that X am twenty-one years old; that
1 have not been disfranchised for participation in any
rebellion or civil war against the United States, nor
for felony committed against the laws of any State
or of the United States; that I have never taken an
oath as a member of Congress of the United States,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a, member
ofany State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State to support the Constitution of the
United States, and afterward engagedin insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof; that I will faith-
fully support the Constitution and obey the laws of
the United States, and will to the best of my ability
encourage others so to do: so help me God.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to offer,
and probably shall not offer, any amendment
to this bill; but let me state to the Senator
from Michigan one or two objections to his
amendment, which seem to me so apparent
that if he takes the same view that I do he will
abandon it. My own objection to this first
section is that it provides an oath at all. The
third section requires certain persons to be
designated as judges of election, who are to
register the voters, and they are required to be
men who can take the iron-clad-oath, as it is
called, the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862. They must be loyal men, men who
were loyal throughout the war. Then the first
section authorizes these loyal men to register
the voters, and they are to decide upon the
qualifications of the voters. The first section
provides that they shall include in the regis-
tration " only those persons who are qualified
to vote for delegates by the act aforesaid."
They are the judges of registration. They
pass upon the qualifications .of voters. They
would not register any one that they did not
believe qualified to vote under the law. Then,
in addition to that, this bill provides that a
certain oath shall be administered to each
voter. Now, it seems to me it is scarcely
worth while to administer this oath to all. I
woufd authorize the oath to be administered
by the registrars in their discretion. Accord-
ing to the law3 of Ohio the oath is simply
a question of discretion with the registering
magistrate, and he may if he chooses admin-
ister the oath to the person applying and claim-
ing to be a legal voter. He is not bound by
that oath, nor are these persons bound by the
oath. If they believe that the man who has
taken this oath has committed perjury, they
would not put his name upon the roll. The
oath is only a mode of getting at the evidence
of qualification.
Now, therefore, in-administering the oath, it
ought to be entirely discretionary with these
officers who pass upon the qualification of
voters. It seems to me, if any amendment is
made at all. it ought to be a provision pro-
viding that they may administer the oath to the
person applying to be a voter, and then it
would be well enough to administer the oath
in the ordinary form to answer such questions
&s may be put to him touching his qualifica-
tions to vote, such as how long have you
resided in this State? How long have you
resided in this ward? How old are you?
What part have you taken in the rebellion?
Were you an officer of the Government of the
United States before the war? All these are
mere questions which are put to these persons
as witnesses.
It seems to me that to require a stronger oath
than this is simple folly. I would not require
any, but would leave it entirely to the registrars
at their discretion to administer the oath in
case they wished to get information as to the
qualification of the voter. Suppose a person
should apply to have his name registered whom
they knew was a legal voter; suppose a negro,
whom they knew had lived in that ward and
district all the days of his life, should aTpply to
have his name put upon the roll: what would
be the use of putting any oath to him when
they knew he was a legal voter ? It is simply
idle. This requires this oath to be adminis-
tered to everybody. I will venture to say there
is not a similar provision in any election law
in any State of the Union. Why, sir, when
the Senator living in Detroit, if they have a
registry law in Michigan, goes up and says, "I
am a voter,"' the registrars put his name down
because the judges who decide on that matter
know he is a voter entitled to vote in Michigan,
and no oath is administered. But these judges
are required to administer this oath to every
one, to men whom they know to be legal voters,
who have always lived in the ward, parish, or
county in which thoy offer to vote. How long
would it take to register a thousand persons?
These judges must administer this oath them-
selves. They cannot administer it to a thou-
sand persons a day, nor to five hundred. What
is the use of requiring this oath to be admin-
istered except when they have a doubt about
the qualifications of the applicant? If they
have a doubt, then they ought to administer a
different form of oath, and put the person
whose right to vote is doubted under various
questions. They should examine him as a
witness, and put to him the ordinary oath, to
testify truly as to all questions that may be put
to him.
Certainly, therefore, if I was to amend this
proposition at all, I would move to strike out
the oath, and simply provide that the registrars
may, if they believe there is any doubt about
the qualification of a voter, put to him the
ordinary oath, and examine him touching his
qualifications to vote. But since the committee
have reported this form of oath, and require it
of every person, I certainly would not make it
more stringent and make it a long rigmarole—
I do not use the word disrespectfully—but a
long oath, the mere reading and recital of which
will occupy day and days. If the oath of the
Senator from Michigan is required, as it would
be, to be put to every person entitled to vote in
a county in Georgia, when would they make out
the registry? It would take them months to do
it. It seems to me, therefore, it is absurd to
carry the thing so far as the Senator from
Michigan proposes.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Ohio
makes war upon the very framework of the bill.
If I understand him, he is dissatisfied with its
provisions in this, that it does not leave to the
board of registration discretionary authority to
decide the question in all cases whether the
person offering himself for registration is qual-
ified or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the bill expressly
does leave it.
Mr. HOWARD. I know the bill does; but
the Senator from Ohio seems to think the bill
defective in not leaving it wholly to the discre-
tion of the board.
Mr. SHERMAN. When to put the oath. I
think they ought not in all cases to be required
to administer the oath.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not make war upon
the bill in that respect, Mr. President. I think
the frame of the bill and the policy of the bill
is all right in that regard. I do not think it
ought to be left to the discretion of the board
of registration to determine the question in all
cases and without his oath whether the voter
is a qualified voter or not. The Senator is igno-
rant probably of some statutes in the United
States which take away from the board of elec-
tion the power of determining the question
whether or not the elector is qualified. In my
own State, it is the right of the person offering
himself and who has been challenged to take
a certain oath, and thereupon to deposit his
vote; this right is absolute and unconditional. '
The board have nothing to do with the ques-
tion when that oath is taken, and the party takes
it at his peril.
Now, sir, my ideas are in entire coincidence
with the Committee on the Judiciary as to the
authority to be given to the>board. The com-
mittee say that the board shall register such
persons only as are qualified according to the
act which we have passed, and who shall, in
addition to the fact of their being qualified,
take the following oath." And why is this re-
quired ? As the lawyers say ex abundante cau-
tela, for greater safety, for greater caution. It
is a species of evidence which is addressed to
the board of registration, and they are to weigh
it, although it is certainly not true that under
this bill a person who takes this oath is abso-
lutely entitled to be registered. I take it, some
discretionary authority is left in the board.
What I want is precisely what I have said,
that when a person offers himself as a voter
the facts qualifying him as such shall be brought
directly home to his attention and his under-
standing by the exhibition of the facts them-
selves in the form of the oath which he is re-
quired to take ; so that there shall be no mis-
take about it; and not to permit him to swear
to a mere inference of law as the bill proposes.
By the bill he is required only to swear that
he is not excluded by the operation of the
fifth and sixth sections of the act of March 2,
1867. . On the other hand, holding it to be the
duty of Congress to take all security possible
in the shape of evidence of his qualifications,
I propose that he shall be made acquainted
on the spot with the facts which constitute those
qualifications. I think the amendment in its
present shape cannot fail to receive the assent
of the Senate. I have stricken out the two
clauses to which objection was made as being
useless.
One word, sir, as to the great and alarming
length'of this oath. I suppose if printed in
an ordinary newspaper it would probably oc-
cupy about one square. It is not more than
twice the oath embraced in the bill. Why,
then, make an objection upon the ground that
it is too long? The Senator from Ohio stig-
matizes it, or endeavors to stigmatize it, as
"rigmarole." Sir, are the qualifications which
we have required in the act of March 2 mere
rigmarole ? Is it mere rigmarole to inform the
voter, when he offers himself for registration,
in the form of a printed oath, what arc the qual-
ifications which he must possess, and which he
must swear that he possesses ? Is it mere rig-
marole to present the facts of the case plainly
and with legal certainty to the man who is in-
terested in them? That may be the Senator's
style of pleading in the courts of Ohio ; but
that is not my understanding of certainty to a
" common intent." My idea is to let a man
be informed of what he is swearing to, and not
ask him to swear to a conclusion of law, to
swear blindly, without a knowledge of the
facts.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, for one
I like the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, and I shall vote for it. I am satis-
fied, on reflection, that it will be a great deal
better to have the oath state upon its face what
it means than merely to enable the parties who
are to take it by reference to some law which
they may nc«- know to ascertain its definition.
I cannot agree at all witE the Senator from
Ohio as to the objections to this oath' and
