1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
141
requiring it in all cases, nor can I agree as
to the propriety or safety of -committing to
the enrolling boards the office which he pro-
poses. In the first place, the length of the
oath is no objection to it in point of time or
otherwise. Why ? Because printed blanks are
to be used, furnished to the persons who are to
be registered, subscribed by them, and filed.
Now, it is a matter of no consequence what-
ever, it does not shorten the process one mo-
ment, to invent an oath which is expressed in
few words rather than in many; but on the
contrary, I submit to the Senate, it would be a
very certain mode of consuming time to pre-
scribe an oath which would render it necessary
to look up the law and refer to it, or have, as
the Senator from Ohio seems to suppose this
would render necessary, the enrolling board
explain to the electors as they come up the
meaning of the oath which they are to take.
That would take time; and by as much as you
shorten it, and b/the omissions in the oath
itself, put upon the board of registration the
onus of making this explanation, by so much
do you encumber and hinder the process of
registration.
One other remark in reply to what was said
by the Senator from Ohio. In the State of
New York, as in the State of Michigan—I can-
not say how it may be in other States—pretty
much everything judicial is taken away from
the board of registrars. Their duties are min-
isterial almost entirely. A man comes and
takes an oath at his peril by which he puts his
name upon the register. It is perjury if that
oath is false, by our statutes. Still, even the
amount of discretion left under registry laws
like that to those boards is so great that it
would be unsafe in communities like those for
which we are legislating. In the State of Mas-
sachusetts or the State of Ohio, where not
only the community is enlightened, but where
it is divided into political parties, where there
are committees and persons to act as sentinels,
not only when the votes are cast, but when the
registration is made, to challenge, to investi-
gate, to scrutinize, you may safely ieaye a very
broad discretion to the boards of registration.
But, sir, may you for any such reason as that
safely vest it in these boards of registrars ; men
to be appointed, how? By the military com-
mandant of the district, selected either from
his- military posse or among other persons.
Here is a board of three persons to enroll the
voters in a certain county. It consists, perhaps,
of two private soldiers and some citizen who is
found able to take the oath which is prescribed
for him as an officer. Is it to be supposed that
it would bo safe for that board to station itself
somewhere and allow the electors of that county,
if there is but one board in a county, which is
one of the possibilities contemplated by this
bill, would it be safe for this board to sit down
and wait until all the electors had come? How
long would it take? But if they came, would
it be safe to trust to them the discretion of
determining finally (because there is no appeal)
who shall be entitled to vote, and who not? On
the contrary, I submit that for abundant cau-
tion, as the Senator from Michigan has well
said, the true way is to provide that these per-
sons shall furnish to the electors printed oaths,
which they make out beforehand, which may
bo circulated among the people, which_ they
may understand, which they may subscribe at
their leisure, and which they may come and
present not all on one day; not a greaS number
of them at the same time trusting to the dis-
patch of this board to examine and investigate
and determine, but as they please, as they can
find opportunity and access to the board, to the
end that in addition to whatever the board may
do, in spite of whatever the board may omit,
we shall have record evidence of some sort that
these even have a certain name, live in a cer-
tain precinct, claim a residence o 1 a certain
length of time, and are m all respects as spe-
cified in the oath which it is proposed they
shall take. .
No-v, I submit that in addition to furnishing
very great additional safeguards for the attain-
ment of the end which we all have in view—
for certainly nobody means that anybody shall
be restored to vote unless he is qualified under
the statutes which h^ve been passed and under
this bill—in addition, I say, to furnishing great
safeguards in that respect, it seems to me that
nothing can facilitate so much, nothing can
relieve these boards so much, nothing can ex-
pedite the business of registration so much as
to furnish printed blanks which shall show at
once all there is that enters into the oath, with-
out reference to any law or constitutional amend-
ment, and without any explanation or examina-
tion from the boards of registrars themselves.
It will leave for them nothing to do except to
affix their jurat when a man comes with his
oath subscribed and proposes to file it. They
are to sign their names at tho conclusion of
the words "subscribed and sworn before us on
the — day of ," and it is the only thing
they have to do. Therefore, sir, I think on
every account the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan is wise, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have tried to
ascertain the difference really between 'the bill
and the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan as touching the real object of this
bill; and it is very difficult for me to see any
difference at all. What is the object of this
oath? It is to prevent that class of persons
who are excluded from participation in the
reorganization of these States under the fifth
section of the act here referred to from partici-
pating in it. That is the object. Now, how
does the oath prescribed here effect that object?
In what way ? Simply as furnishing evidence
to the board of registration; that is all. I
cannot conceive that it is intended to have any
other effect, or in fact that it can have any
other effect. It requires the man who presents
himself for registration to furnish evidence of
the fact of whether he comes within the ex-
eluded class provided for in the act to which
this is supplementary, and it puts him on his
oath to disclose it, thinking that a more sol-
emn form of interrogation. That is all there
is of it.
If that is so, the only question to be settled
is whether the provision in the original bill
accomplishes that object. No one will say it
does not if the man should swear truly. It is
only upon the supposition that somebody will
present himself who does not know what the
fifth section of the act is that the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan is supposed to be necessary at all, because
it will be found on an examination and careful
analysis of the two that the amendment, ia
identical in substance with the provision in
the bill. It simply differs from it in tho recital
it makes of the terms of the statute to which
it refers. For instance, the bill provides that
the person offering himself for registration, be-
fore he shall be registered, shall swear that, he
docs not come, in substance, within the fifth
section of the act to which this is supplement-
ary. By the amendment he is made to swear
substantially and really the same thing, but he
is required to go on and recite the terms of
the fifth section ; and that is all the difference
there is. The legal effect is the same; the ob-
ject is the same; and the result is the same, of
course. All I want to say is that those who
favor the oath stated in this bill really cannot
have any well-grounded objection t;o the oath
proposed by the Senator from Michigan.
But, Mr. President, I rose to advert simply
to another point which has been adverted to
by the honorable Senator from Ohio ; and that
is, that the administration of this oath ought
not to be made imperative. I speak of it only
by way of convenience. It ought to be felt
discretionary with the judges of registration.
The object of the oath, I hav§ said, is to iur-
nish evidence to tho registrars of the character
of the person who offers to be registered, it
they are satisfied by other evidence that he
does not come within the excluded class, o
course there is no object in administering the
oath; the time occupied in so doing i& lost,
and it is only an embarrassment. Therefore
I should hope that the administration of this
oath, if it ia amended, will be left optional.
But, sir, while I am up let me say that I do
not attach much importance to the oath any
way. From what I have said it will bo seen
that I attach no importance to it except as
furnishing a convenient mode of obtaining evi-
dence as to the persons who. are to be per-
mitted by the fundamental act to organize
these communities/ Sir, if I had no other hope
for the success of the reconstruction of those
communities, States, towns, municipalities,
than such as would arise on the oaths of these
persons, I should have very little hope of the
future of that country. I have noticed that
during this discussion some Senators thought
it was vastly important that these people
should say that they are attached to this Gov-
ernment. I do not want them to say that. I
do fi'ot believe they are. I hope the time will
come when they will be, and I believe the time
will come when these people will hare differ-
ent notions on that subject. Nor do I care,
so far as this reconstruction is concerned,
wither they say they are attached to the Gov-
ernment or not; nor do I attach the slightest
importance to the declaration that they may
make, as to whether they will in the future
enter into another rebellion. Sir, if we have
not settled that by arms forever, if this Gov-
ernment is not established to-day beyond the
power of these men in the future, then God
save the Commonwealth. We are to trust to
events to settle this question of reconstruction,
present, past, and future. There is a logic
and a power in the events which this war has
decided that will settle all these things and
render the efforts of these little people so puny
and insignificant in the future that these oaths,
in my judgment, will be considered exceed-
ingly trifling and unimportant.
Therefore, sir, I say that simply and only as
a matter of evidence do I attach the slightest
importance to any oath that may be required;
and I repeat that in any oath that may be re-
quired, whether it is in general or, as the honor-
able Senator from Michigan proposes, in detail,,
I hope it may be left to the discretion of the
parlies making the registration, so that if they
are satisfied upon other evidence then they
will not take the trouble to administer the oath.
As it now stands, as I understand it, it would
require the officer making the registration in
every instance before he could register the
party to administer this oath.
Mr. DRAKE. W-ithout wishing to prolong
debate en this subject, I think that perhap's I
can state some facts connected with the expe-
rience of Missouri in regard to an oath to be
taken by voters which may be of some interest
to gentlemen in forming their judgment upon
this question. It so happens that in the con-
stitution of Missouri an oath is prescribed as
a necessary qualification for every voter which
refers to the provisions of that constitution in
the way that the oath now contained in the bill
before the Senate refers to the act of March 2,
1867. There the voter is required to swear
that he is well acquainted with the terms of tiie
third section of the second article of the con-
stitution of Missouri, and that he has never
done any of the acts specified in that section.
I am enabled to state as a matter of universal
experience there that not one man probably
in ten ever took that oath in order to vote who
knew anything whatever of the contents of the
third section of the second article ot that con-
stitution. I can state the further fact that
known rebels there have taken that oath, first
being very careful never to read the third sec-
tion of the second article of the constitution.
I have known men there to vote who said that
they never had read that section of that article;
and yet they would go up to the polls or before
the registering officer and sign the oath and
take it, and when they have been confronted
by the registering officers with a reading of the
