142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
third section of the second article of the con-
stitution many of them have instantly baeked
down and retired from the effort to have them-
selves registered. These are facts.
The very same state of case will arise in these
southern States. Men will come up and swear
by the general terms of the oath as embodied
in the bill that they are not disqualified under
the fifth and sixth sections of the act of March
2, 1867, when they have never read those sec-
tions and do not know anything about their con-
tents. I am, therefore, in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Michigan
which states in the oath the particular things
which they are to declare ; and I believe that
in no other way than that can we get at any-
thing like a discrimination in the southern
States between those who are legally entitled
to vote and those who are not.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, Mr. President, sim-
ply to say that the original oath merely contem-
Elated that the person taking it should declare
is sincere attachment to the Union and "the
Government of the United States; that he would
steadfastly support the Constitution and obey
the laws, and to the best of his ability engage
others to such support and obedience. It was
a question originally whether it was best to huve
any oath at all. The primary object of the oath
was this: we have nearly seven hundred thou-
sand new voters of an emancipated race ; there
is a great deal of hostility in some quarters to
their voting, and it was supposed that requiring
an oath of every elector that he would obey the
laws, the laws of the United States giving these
men the right to vote, we would prevent his
disobeying the laws, or by violence or any other
acts driving these people from the polls. That
is the reason why an oath was put in the bill in
the first place. The committee have amended
it by putting in this provision in regard to per-
sons who are disfranchised by the constitutional
amendment. If that is to be in the oath, the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mich-
igan certainly sets forth the facts of the case;
and any person who takes the oath will under-
stand it better in that form than the other. I
have, therefore, no objection to that amend-
ment under the circumstances of the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was the House that
put in this provision 
Mr. WILSON. I know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not an amendment
made by the Judiciary Committee; it comes
here from the House in this form, and has not
been stricken out. I am very free to say that
I should be entirely satisfied myself with an
oath of the voter that he would support the
Constitution and obey the laws of the United
States without anything else. I should have
been entirely satisfied with that in committee;
bu>t the bill came to us from the House with
this provision in it, and we thought it better,
as they had put it in, not to get into a contro-
versy about it. So far as 1 am individually
concerned I should be quite as well satisfied
with a simple oath that the voter would sup-
port the Constitution and obey the laws of the
United States.
And now let me say a word as to this dis-
crimination, which only applies to a few per-
sons. This bill, and the one to which it is sup-
plementary, do not disfranchise any one except
those persons who are disqualified from holding
office by our constitutional amendment. That
applies only to the intelligent, educated classes
of the South who have held office and taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States in former times. That is the only class
of persons to whom it applies, and there are
not very many of them. They would be known
to the registering officers probably all through
the South. I do not think there is any impor-
tance iu having the woi'ds in ; and if a motion
had been made to strike them out I should not
have resisted it, although 1 would not make
such a motion myself. I would be willing to
leave it an oath merely to support the Consti-
tution and obey the laws. I hope, however,
we may got a vote on this question, and before
I sit down I desire to appeal to Senators to let
us have a vote on it. It is not very material,
perhaps, one way or the other whether the
amendment is adopted or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Illinois whether he puts the same
construction, that this requires an affidavit in
the case of every voter?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, is that right? Is
it worth while to require the oath of every
black man that comes up to have his name
registered? I will not offer any amendment,
as I have said before, but it seems to me that
it is throwing on these registrars an enormous
amount of labor to take the affidavit of every
person who comes forward to be registered.
The great body of them cannot write their
names, and they will not understand exactly
what is meant, and every negro that comes up
to be registered will liave to inake his mark on
the paper. It seems to me to make the ma-
chinery cumbrous; but still I do not propose
to offer an amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays,'
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Drake, Edmunds. Pessenden, Fowler, Howard, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Ferry, Erelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Williams—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Conness, Cra-
gin, Doolittle, Grimes, Guthrie, Harlan, Henderson,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Wade, and Yates—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. Before proceeding to make
the motion of which I gave notice the other
day, I desire to move an amendment which is
of little more than a verbal character, and the
effect of which will be to remove ambiguity in
a certain passage of the bill. I move in sec-
tion four of the committee's substitute to insert
the words "and registered" after the word
" qualified" in line three ; so that the section
shall read: "that if, according to said returns,
the constitution shall be ratified by a majority
of the votes of the electors qualified and regis-
tered as herein specified." I believe the inser-
tion of the word "registered" does not add
anything to the meaning of the committee, but
it removes an ambiguity which I fear, if the
words are left as they are now 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be better to
insert the word " all" before "the electors."
Mr. SUMNER. And perhaps there is no
need of retaining the word " qualified."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will stale to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that that question was
discussed in the House of Representatives; an
effort was made there by a member from Ohio,
I think, to let the submission of the consti-
tution be decided by a majority of those voting
at that election. It was understood there, and
it was understood in the Judiciary Committee,
that the section as it stands requires a majority
of all the registered voters in favor of the con-
stitution to adopt it. I think that is the mean-
ing of it; it reads "a majority of the votes
of the electors qualified as herein specified,"
not " a majority of those voting," but a " ma-
jority of the votes of the electors qualified as
herein specified." Now, who are " qualified?"
The registered voters.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but the word
"registered" removes all ambiguity, and I
hope it will be adopted, so that there can be no
question on this point. I modify my amendment
by moving to insert "all" before " the elect-
ors,'' arid to substitute "registered" for " quali-
fied;" so as to make the language read: "rati-
fied by a majority of the votes of all the electors
registered as herein specified."
Mr. DRAKE. I will make an inquiry of
the honorable chairman of the committee,
whether it was before the mind of the com-
mittee in framing this section that to require
a majority of all the registered voters was
changing the terms of the reconstruction act;
for the reconstruction act says that the con-
stitution shall be ratified by a majority of the
persons voting on the question of ratification,
not a majority of all the registered voters ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will reply to the Sen-
ator from Missouri. I am aware that this does
change a requirement in the act of last session,
and it is a question for the Senate whether it
will make that change. That is not the point
now ; the Senator from Massachusetts inquires
what is meant by the language as it is. It will
be, if any Senator should raise that question,
for the Senate hereafter to decide, if it thinks
proper, whether it shall require a majority of
the registered voters to adopt the constitution.
At any'rate, that point should be expressed in
language readily understood. I have no objec-
tion to make that clear one way or the other,
which seems to be in controversy. In my
judgment it is clear now; but if others think
differently, I have no objection to adopting
words that will make the meaning specific.
Whether it shall be one way or the other is for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us adopt this
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the insertion of the words proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, because, as the
committee understood, the clause means that
now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot vote for tliig
amendment.;._and I am not sure that the bill
as it stands bears the interpretation which it
will bear if the amendment be adopted. I am
in favor of the provision on the subject to be
found in the original act, that the decision of
the majority of the voters is to conclude the
question of constitution or no constitution. I
can readily imagine that this state of things
may exist; there may be some persons in these
States who are against a return of the States to
the Union, and they may be of that class who
may have -it in their power to influence that
ignorant class to whom we have given the right
of suffrage; they may be able to persuade them
that the right will be much more secure if they
remain under the General Government exclu-
sively than they would be if they were placed
under a State government; and it is putting,
therefore, to some hazard, as I think, the re-
turn of these States to the Union, a result
which we all, I suppose, have much at heart.
It is idle to deny that, however the question
may be considered as settled now by the de-
cision of Congress, and however it may be set-
tled bythe country, the black voter, as he now
becomes in the South (whatever may be his
condition in the future, whatever may be the
condition of his descendants in the future) is
in a state of absolute ignorance. It has been,
for reasons which obviously will occur to us
all, the policy of the South for the last twenty
years to keep the blacks in a state of ignorance.
It was evidently apprehended that the moment
they became intelligent, the moment they came
to know %vhat were the rights of man, accord-
ing to the*theory of our Government, the insti-
tution of slavery would be in peril; and for the
very purpose, of guarding against that peril and
preserving this domestic institution, which many
of the southern people believed to be better
fitted for their condition and what they under-
stood to be the cause of constitutional freedom
than anything else, they kept them in a con-
dition more ignorant, generally speaking, than
the inhabitants of this land when the land first
received the step of civilization.
Hence, in my judgment, if there be a few
whites who desire to keep these States as they
now are, under military rule, under a belief
that if the States are restored their influence
will be diminished or entirely destroyed, as
these poor negroes have been made to believe,
