186*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14S
whether justly or not itis immaterial to inquire,
that they are their friends, that they are the
only parties in the South who are anxious to
give them the rights of man, they may possi-
bly be able to persuade the negroes that they
will fail to enjoy those rights iu a State gov-
ernment to be formed under the provisions of
this bill. They may say to these men, "Stay
away from the polls; do not vote; and the
effect of your absence will be to defeat the
plan of organizing a State and to leave you as
you are, under, as you believe, the greater pro-
tection of the General Government, and above
all, to^ remove you from the danger in which
you will be if a State government is reorgan-
ized."
I think it was because of this danger, in part,
that the provision upon this subject was incor-
porated with almost universal assent into the
original act, and I see no reason now for alter-
ing^, except the reason suggested by my friend
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] yesterday in sup-
port of the amendment which he offered, that
a State government should not be forced upon
these people if a majority of the people were
against it. That, if there were no other objec-
tions to suffering these States to remain as they
now are, which, as 1 think, are objections par-
amount to the one stated by my friend from
Maine, would be a good objection if those to
whom we have just given the right of suffrage
were intelligent enough to decide that question.
Believing that they are not, but perfectly will-
ing, that being the law, that they shall vote
upon the question the one way or the other,
choose delegates or not choose delegates,
and then vote upon the constitution, for it or
against it, I am decidedly in favor of provid-
ing that whether the State is or is not to become
a government in itself and one of the States of
the Union shall be tested by a decision of the
majority of those voting.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this bill
appears to me to be very remarkable as a law of
elections on account of the entire absence of
any provisions against fraud, either in the hold-
ing of the election, or in the polling of illegal
votes, or in the returns to be made to the com-
manding generals of the several districts, or in
the returns to be made by them subsequently.
For aught that I can perceive fraud may be
practiced by an officer or by an agent con-
cerned in the execution of this law with per-
fect impunity. The sixth section of the amend-
ment of the Judiciary Committee is also very
general and objectionable with regard to the
expense. It provides that all expenses in-
curred by the several commanding generals, or
by virtue of any orders issued, or appointments
made by them, under and by virtue of this act,
shall be paid out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. There seems
to be 110 regulation with regard to the amount
of expense which is to be incurred, and an ap-
propriation, as I understand it, is made here
absolutely without any proceeding for the in-
vestigation of the amounts expended as to their
reasonableness and necessity.
The act is, however, abundant in regard to
oaths. The fifth section requires the officers
of registration and of election to take and
subscribe the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1802, which will exclude very large
classes of persons from any paiticipation in
the control of these elections ; and then in
the first section the oath already spoken of in
this debate is prescribed for voters. It is with
regard to that that I propose to submit an
amendment 
Mr. TllPMBULL. I would inform the Sen-
ator fiom Pennsylvania that there is an amend-
ment to an amendment now pending.
Mr. BUCivALEW. I will suggest, then, that
when it, comes to be in order 1 shall move to
amend the first section by omitting all those
parts of the proposed oath which do not relate
to obedience to the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
Mr. WILSON1. I feel constrained, Mr. Pres-
ident, to vote against this amendment. If this
provision needs any qualification we should
make it in the other direction. The section as
it now stands 'means a majority of the votes
given on the question, and I have no doubt
that would be the judicial decision. At any
rate, I am sure that was the intention of the
original bill, and I am surprised that anybody
ever doubted it. It ought to be so—a majority
of the votes given ought to determine it. Take
the State of Virginia, lying close by us, as an
illustration. There are about three hundred
thousand voters in that State, including the
new voters we have made. The question of
ratification is to be submitted to the people of
the State, and the more unanimous they are
the fewer will be the number of voles cast, [f
there are three hundred thousand voters regis-
tered, one hundred and fifty-one thousand are
required to vote for the constitution according
to this amendment. In all the States when
constitutional amendments or new constitutions
are submitted to the people, unless the sub-1
mission is on the day of a general election for
officers, the vote is light. I do not believe
there are half a dozen State constitutions that
were adopted by the votes of a majority of all
the voters of the States for which they were
made. The effect of this amendment will be to
retard the adoption of these constitutions and
to postpone the admission of these States. I
deem it to be the crowning act, the grandest
act we can perform, to bring these States in, to
restore them to their practical relations at the
earliest day on the principles, terms, and con-
ditions we have imposed, for these principles,
terms, and conditions are sanctioned by patriot-
ism, liberty, and justice. The sooner these
ten rebel States incorporate into their consti-
'tutions these principles, terms, and conditions,
the sooner these States accept the policy of the
equality of man, the better lor all. G od speed
that great work.
Sir, suppose these conventions meet, frame
constitutions, and you require that they shall
have for ratification a majority of all the
votes registered, counting against them all the
votes so cast and all the votes that are regis-
tered that do not come to the polls, what will
be the consequence ? Not one of these con-
stitution's are sure of adoption. Suppose a
constitution is submitted at harvest time, or
when the people are largely engaged and
pressed with business, a pressing time, when
they are gathering cotton, when labor is very
valuable, and men have to travel some distance
to vote, and the people generally acquiesce in
the constitution ; there is no excitement about
it, no opposition in the newspapers; no speeches
against it; a majority will hardly go to the
polls, and if a majority do not go to the polls
it is defeated. We liave seldom submitted to
the people of Massachusetts a constitutional
amendment for which tve have obtained one
half of all the votes of the State. We recently
put into our constitution a provision with less
than one fifth of the votes polled at the elec-
tion. So it is all over the country. Look at
the result in New York last autumn, when the
question of calling a constitutional convention
was submitted to the people of the State at the
general election. Thousands of men who went
to the polls to vote for officers failed to voto
on that question. Thousands of men who vote
for candidates take no interest in voting upon
constitutional questions.
Sir, instead of adopting a policy that will
tend to keep any of these States out a day, I
believe it-is the highest duty that can devolve
upon us as statesmen to bring these States
here on the terms we have imposed at the
earliest possible day. Then will be finished
the grand work in which we have been en-
gaged—the preservation of the country, the
general advancement of the cause of liberty.
Then we shall have saved the country, made
everybody free, secured everybody civil rights,
given the right of suffrage to all men, without
distinction of race or color, and brought these
erring States back here, filled these seats, and
have crowned the great work of the last seven
years.
Let me say farther, Mr. President, that it is
not policy to be smiting our friends in the face
when they come here and offer to help us
restore our country. Caring something for the
ideas and principles we profess, and the tri-
umph of those idesi.s and principles in the
country, I protest against any vote or any
legislation that tends to check or binder the
organization of these States on the terms we
have proposed.
Mr. OONKLING. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. We shall all agree, I
think, that when the registration takes place
in the South, it will fail to contain the names
of all the qualified voters in the various States.
Now, I wish to inquire of the Senator whether
he is in favor of bringing in any of these States
when, after all the processes we have provided,
there cannot be found among the rebels, whose
names will be registered in spite of all we can
do, the loyal white men and the black men—
the three classes put together—enough to make
a naked majority of the number borne upon the
registration.
I do not mean to interrupt the Senator by
making any further remark, but I should like
to have the question answered in view of the
fact, which I think we may assumfe, that these
conventions, determining as they are to do the
time when the vote is to be taken, will not be
likely to put it at harvest or at high water or
at any other impossible time to reach the polls.
Assuming that a fair expression is to be had,
I want to know whether it be sound that we
are to insist upon bringing States in here with-
out having any evidence that a majority of
their people of all sorts and conditions put
together are in favor of their coming in.
Mr. WILSON. I will answer that question.
In the act fixing the terms and conditions of
admission we provided that a majority of the
votes given on the question of ratification
should settle the question ; and this bill which
I introduced intended to adhere to that pro-
vision. That was the meaning of the original
bill. That action of Congress was right, and
we ought not to change the meaning of the act
or the intention of it. The judicial construc-
tion of the bill as it stands would be that it
means a majority of the votes cast, and in this
opinion 1 am sustained by high legal authority.
Now, sir, we submit the terms and condi-
tions to the people of each of these States ; we
provide for a registration. That registration
may be made very complete; there is no diffi-
culty in making it nearly perfect. Then we
call on the persons registered to elect dele-
gates to the convention; and they elect, by an
overwhelming majority, delegates in favor of
complying with the terms and conditions we
have proposed, and those delegates meet and
vote to make a constitution. They make a
constitution, and incorporate into it all we have
ever asked or "can ask them to incorporate,
guarantying and securing personal rights, and
acting in perfect harmony with the general
judgment of the people. Then the constitu-
tion is submitted to the people at a special
election. Everybody knows that under such
circumstances an election is a mere form.
There is no contest over it; all men and aii
parties are agreed to it. Under such a state
of facts, when the day of election should come
we should find that less than half of the regis-
tered voters had voted. More than half the
voters agreeing with those who have voted do not
go to the ballot-box. Should not that constitu-
tion be adopted under such circumstances? Not
only is that a probable case, but it is the com-
mon case with constitutions and amendments
in all parts of the country. Thp great State of
New York is to have a constitutional conven-
tion this year. Now, I venture to predict that
if the constitution made by that convention be
submitted to the people on a day when there
is not a general election of public officers not
more than a fourth or a third of the voters of
that State will go to the ballot-box to vote
upon it, unless there is a great contest over
some of the principles of the constitution which
