1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ,GLOBJl,
Mo
out forty'years before he was born [laughter]
by a man of the same" name, and that name
never died. [Laughter.] ' A njan twenty-
one years old will vote upon papers that were
taken out in 1816, and I have :seen it done.
Therefore I do not propose to place too much
confidence "in this registration ; but I appeal to
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
whether he will not at'le'ast require a majority of
the registered votes to decide the question. He
says no. I think that everything cautions us
to act prudently in this matter. I undertake
to say that with all the safeguards we can
throw around this matter we shall be cheated
enough; rebels will vote over this registration,
and they will not take the oath as blindly as
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] de-
scribed this morning, and their apology will be
that they did not know what the sections they
swore about were. Let them know what the
sections are, and let this nation know, when
these States come here for admission with their
representatives, that a majority of the regis-
tered vote is essential upon the question
whether they shall have a constitution or not,
or upon the question whether the constitution
which is framed is adopted or not. Let our
guide be a majority of the registered vote
speaking upon that question.
I want once more to caution my friend against
extending his Christian charity too far toward
these men. Sir, we have a high example of the
manner of which rebels were treated by Divine
power. When the arch-rebel was convicted
before a tribunal that unmasked rebellion to its
nakedness, he was thrown over the battlement,
kicked out, and he has never returned to dis-
turb the peaceful reign of Him who reigns over
all. Here my friend, reversing that great and
divine example, says he wants to hug them
at once—to reach out his hands for them.
[Laughter.] It is simply a matter of taste, in
which I do not share with the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. I hope that the Sen-
ate will have the manhood at least to say that
a majority of the registered votes shall be re-
quired" in the election upon the ratification
of 1;he constitutions formed by these States
prior to their readmission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hope that the Sen-
ate will come to a vote.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me the floor for a
few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me say a word, and
then I will yield to the Senator.- I hope the
Senate will come to a vote upon this question.
There was an understanding yesterday that we
should vote about this hour ; but this general
discussion, which is very gratifying to us all,
if it goes on, will prevent our getting a vote to-
day. I do not mean my remark for the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and I will now give
way to him ; but I appeal generally to the Sen-
ate to let us carry out the understanding of
yesterday as soon as we can.
Mr. WILSON.* Mr. President, I am quite
anxious for the vote, and -on this as on all
pressing occasions I regret to consume pre-
cious moments, but I cannot permit the re-
marks of the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
to pass unnoticed. I remind that Senator in
the outset that this nation has been engaged in
a mighty contest of ideas, a bloody struggle, in
which all the passions of this people of the
South and of the North have been aroused.
That bloody struggle is ended, that contest of
ideas is closed. Patriotism, humanity, and
Christianity bid us of the North and of_ the
South subdue, hush, and calm the passions
engendered by the terrific conflicts through
which wo have passed, and to call the dews of
blessing not the bolts of cursing down upon
each other. We should remember the words
of one of our own poets of freedom and human-
ity—
"Always he who most fonjiveth.
In his brother is most just.
I will remind the Senator from Nevada, too,
that it is an easy thing to appeal to the p^eju-
dices, passions, and hates of the people ot the
South or of the North. Never was a greater
40th Cong. 1st Sess.— Ho. 10.
temptation to demagogism presented to popu-
lar leaders either of the North or of the South
than now. "It is an easy thing for a popular
leader in the South to appeal to the passions,
prejudices, and hates of that people whose fields
have been blasted by war, whose wealth has
been devoured, and whose sons and loved ones
have fallen in a lost cause. It is an easy thing,
too, for popular leaders in the North by appeals
to arouse passions excited by the conflict of
arms in the bosoms of men whose sons and
brothers have sank into bloody graves in
defense of their periled country. Whatever
tho champions of the lost cause in .tjie South
may do, we of the North, whose cause is tri-
umphant in the fields of war and' of peace,
should appeal not to the passions and pre-
judices and hatreds of the people, but to the
heart and conscience and reason. Unreason-
ing passion may applaud violent, appeals to-
day, but unclouded reason will utter its voice
of condemnation to-morrow.
The honorable Senator from Nevada is
pleased to tell me that I am anxious to wel-
come rebels here. I do not propose to wel-
come rebels here; but I do desire to welcome
tried and true men of the South, the repre-
sentatives of the seven hundred thousand en-
franchised black men, the ever loyal white
men of the South, and the men compromised
by the rebellion whose affections are again
given to their native land, and who would now
peril their lives for the unity of the Republic
and the triumph of the old flag. I believe that
the enfranchised black men of the rebel States,
the men who have ever been loyal, and the men
reluctantly compromised by the rebellion, who
are for their country, and many fiery, gener-
ous, deluded young men of the South who have
seen their political illusions vanish in the smoke
of lost battle-fields, can immediately take the
direction and control of these rebel States. I
believe these States must pass into the hands
of patriotic men who comprehend in their af-
fections the whole country, of liberty-loving
men who believe in tho sublime creed of hu-
man equality. I believe these States will soon
pass into the hands of radical and progressive
men who are true to country, true to the equal
rights of man, true to the laws of human devel-
opment and progress. I would facilitate that
great work ; I would welcome these men into
these Chambers with heart and hand. Does
the Senator from Nevada wish to keep such
men oat of these Chambers?
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator fi om Massachusetts one question, and
that is whether men who feel enough interest in
the subject-matter of this election to register
their names as voters will not feel enough inter-
est in the election upon the constitution to cast
their votes ? Will not at least a majority of
those who have taken the pains to get their
names registered as voters vote upon tho con-
stitution 1
Mr. WILSON. They may or they may not.
There may be such general acquiescence in the
constitutions formed by the conventions that
they may think their ratification safe, and there-
fore it is not necessary to go to the polls. But,
sir, I have a word to say to the Senator from
Tennessee. When 1 was maintaining the same
doctrine on the question of the admission of
Tennessee last year that I am now maintain-
ing, I had the same arguments to meet that.
I have to meet now. I have just as much con-
fidence in the loyal men of these ten States as
I had in the Senator from Tennessee and the
loyal men of his State. It is a plain, clear ease.
The more united the people of a State are m
favor of the constitution the fewer votes wilt bo
given for its ratification. Everybody will sup-
pose it is going to pass as a matter of course,
and therefore will not take the trouble to
and then they may wake up and find that be-
cause they have not brought out a majority of
the registered voters the work is lost. _
I have taken some little pains during the
last two years to confer with southern men ot
every shade of opinion. When the loyal men
of Tennessee came here I rejoiced to welcome
them, to meet them, to consult with them about.
their State, and I took the earliest opportunity-
to declare on this floor that I was in'favor of
the admission of Tennessee. I received some
severe rebukes for that expression of opinion
here and elsewhere; but I put it upon the rec-
ord as my opinion that the State of Tennes-
see would be the first State in this Union that
would give negro suffrage, and she has led tho
van. We trusted Tennessee, and we have been
vindicated by events; and we shall be vindi-
cated by events in every one of these States.
Sir, we have provided by law that rebels 'can-
not come into these Chambers. In the con-
stitutional amendment we have disqualified
several thousand leading rebels from holding
office in their States or in the nation. Yet
the Senator from Nevada and some other Sen-
ators fear these rebel leaders, though they are
tied hand and foot. Sir, I am not alarmed
at it.
Sir, I would say nothing unkind to any of
the Senators around me, but it does seem to
me that they are disposed to put restrictions,
not upon our enemies, but upon our friends.
We have proposed to the ten rebel States the
exact terms and conditions of reconstruction
and restoration. Our friends in those States
will take the lead in conforming their Stato
constitutions to the terms and conditions we
have imposed. The progress of events, the <t
currents around us_ and about us, are carrying
our ideas, our principles, and our policy onward
to enduring triumph. In introducing this bill,
supplemental to the act proposing terms and
conditions, I simply proposed to provide the
machinery by which these ideas and principles
we maintain, and these terms and conditions
we have laid down, shall be carried into effect.
In putting these restrictions upon tho ratifica-
tion of these constitutions which must embody
our ideas and be in accordance with the con-
ditions we have imposed we are putting bur-
dens upon our own friends to carry. I disown
and denounce this fatal policy.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a single remark to
make. I think the Senator from Massachu-
setts entirely misunderstood my question. I
certainly am not disposed to find fault' with his
position now or at any time. He has a right
to take such a course as he thinks proper. I
have no doubt that he is sincerely earnest and
patriotic in his position; I know hois; but I
am of the opinion that the persons who take
the trouble to have themselves registered under
this law will, a very large proportion of them,
at least, be sure to go to the polls for tho pur-
pose of accomplishing the object named in the
law. On that subject, however, I may be mis-
taken, because it tnay possibly happen that
there may be persons registered as voters who
will not be disposed to carry out this measure
in good faith. I am very well aware that in
the State of Georgia especially many persons
are earnestly endeavoring to carry out our bill
in good faith, and that they arc very earnestly
and urgently opposed by two classes of per-
sons, but particularly by the old rebel element,
the members of which are unwilling to give up
the positions they have already obtained. There
will necessarily be a violent contest in every
one of these States, and I believe those in favor
of reconstruction will triumph m every one of
the States, but most readily and surely in Geor-
gia and Alabama. At the same time I am not
of opinion that under such circumstances, par-
ticularly where the contest becomes very vio-
lent, any considerable number of the registered
voters will remain away from the polls.
Now, if I understand the bill as interpreted
by the Senator from Illinois, it amounts to pre-
cisely the same as the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr- Sum-
neb.] That amendment simply fixes definitely
and specifically what the intention of the bill is.
It makes that plain which without the amend-
ment requires construction. I do not wish to
throw anything in the way of this reorgani-
zation. I know very well that the persons in
Georgia and Alabama tg> whom I have alluded
are very earnest in their wishes that nothing
