146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Shall be thrown in the way of the passage of
such a bill as this at the present time by Con-
gress, as they are earnestly endeavoring to
execute the law already passed in the best of
faith. If anything further be required, it may
be throwing obstacles in their way which they
cannot.readily surmount.
Another thing is to be considered, that all
the colored persons in the South will vote. A
great deal of distrust is entertained in the minds
of some persons in regard to how they will
vote, because of their want of intelligence.
Let me say that although they are not learned,
although they have never enjoyed the advan-
tages of education, they understand their rights
and their position and the advantages they are
to have under the Government far better than
a great many here suppose they do. They are
not by any means so ignorant as some persons
believe they are. For myself, knowing very
much of them, I am satisfied that they are bet-
ter prepared to vote than, many here seem to
suppose. They are not going to be so easily
deceived as some Senators imagine. I am
sorry to see here already a disposition to'
distrust them. It was the same thing in
reference to every effort that was made to
induce them to act iu favor of the Govern-
ment of the United States during the war.
They were distrusted when an appeal was
made to them to take up arms. They have
been distrusted under all circumstances,
and they are now. Perhaps this necessarily
happens under such circumstances ; but I have
not the slightest fear on the occasion. True,
some of them will be deceived; some white
men are deceived; some of them will vote
wrong; many white men do the same thing;
but as a general rule they will be able to vote
almost if not altogether as intelligently and as
honestly as the corresponding class of white
persons.
Mr. NYE. I do not rise to say anything
more upon the question before the Senate, but
to say a word in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts, to the suggestion he made that
he proposes to put an end to this demagog-
ism in the Republican party.
Mr. WILSON. I did not say that.
Mr. NYE. What diif you say ?
Mr. WILSON. What I said, if the Senator
desires to know, was this: that there was a
great temptation presented to members of the
Republican party now to demagogue; and that
was by continuing, now that the contest is over,
the same kind of appeals to the feelings of the
country that were made during the great strug-
gle in which we were engaged, and which were
proper then, but are not proper now. I think
the time has gone by for appeals to passion or
prejudice or anything of that kind; and that
now, when the war is over, and we have car-
ried all our ideas, we ought to soften the pas-
sions and prejudices that grew up in the war
and try to bring together and harmonize all
our countrymen, so as to carry forward and
secure the cause of the country and of liberty
and justice. That is what I said.
Mr. NYE. I understand now, from the
short explanation the Senator has made, ex-
actly what he meant, that he thought there was
a temptation to demagogue. I pray, as all
good men should, that he may not be tempted
in that way. If the honorable Senator meant
to say that the remarks I made were dictated
by any spirit of- demagogism ho is entirely
mistaken. I entertain no opinions upon the
rebellion or with regard to the rebels that I
have not heard him a thousand times express.
I supposed he was right then, and my experi-
ence has convinced me that he was.
_ I simply suggested that my surprise was ex-
cited by this wonderful change in the honorable
Senator. I have heard him talk loud and long
here in regard to the rebellion and the rebels ;
and he burned it into my very soul that these
rebels were extremely dangerous people to this
country. I should like to know some time, if
the Senator has leisure to explain, what has
wrought this mighty change in his opinions of
rebels. At the prop#r tim« I hava no doubt
he will explain ; but I repeat that the remarks
which I made were prompted by no spirit of
demagogism. I owe a duty to the whole
country, and as great a duty to the loyal men
of this country as to the rebels. My duty and
his duty is to see to it that this reconstruction
is built upon a basis that the waves of coming
rebellion cannot rock. That is the duty_ of the,
statesman to- day. The question of individuals,
and his love for this one and that, is of no im-
portance ; all that dwindles down into nothing.
But the work of the statesman to-day is to so
build up the breaches that the guns of treach-
ery cannot again affect them. When I make
an honest endeavor to do that, I submit to the
honorable Senator's own sense of propriety
whether it is becoming in him to charge me, or
any other man who does that, with a spirit
of demagogism? Sir, the Republican party
stands upon no spirit of demagogism. It
was born of the necessities of the hour. It
was a coming together of all elements that
were in favor of the country, and they are
cemented by loyal blood. I submit again that
it ill becomes the Senator from Massachusetts
to charge people who stand by the doctrines
of the party of which he was born into public
life of demagogism in this hour, that advises
to caution iu this great work of reconstruc-
tion, when the proposition before us simply
requires that a majority of the voters registered
should say whether they will adopt the consti-
tution or not. If that be demagogism I share
fully in that spirit.
Mr. WILSON. Yesterday I took occasion
briefly to state my views, and the Senator from
Nevada seized the occasion to impute to me
a change of position. I took no new position
yesterday; I have taken no new position to-
day. When the broken battalions of the rebel-
lion surrendered, when the conflict of arms
ended, I sought to close the long struggle by
securing equality of rights and privileges to all
men of every color and race. • I sought to lift
men up, not to pull men down. I have ever
been against the control of these States by
men animated by the spirit of the rebellion.
I have been and now am against admitting
rebels into these Chambers; but it is not the
question now of putting rebels in power here,
or of continuing them in power in the rebel
States. The question is, Shall our friends, now
loyal to the country, men who are with us and
of us, have an opportunity to change their State
constitutions, to remove the rebels now in
power from power in those States, and send
men into these Chambers who will think, speak,
and vote as we think, speak, and vote?
The honorable Senator reminds me that we
have heretofore agreed in fighting these rebels.
Surely I have no more sympathy for ftemnow
than I had when they were engaged in the
contest. We do not believe in rebels nor in
rebel control in the States or in the nation.
Shall we then tie the hands of our friends there
who seek an early opportunity to incorporate
our ideas into their constitutions, accept the
conditions we have imposed, and take the
direction and control of their States hereafter ?
The honorable Senator from Nevada and those
who agree with him fear our enemies and dis-
trust our friends. I do not fear our enemies,
and I have confidence in our friends. This is
the difference between the honorable Senator
from Nevada and myself.
The honorable Senator from Nevada deems
it matter of reproach that now the bloody
contest is over, the rebels beaten, and their
cause lost forever, that I should not entertain
and express toward my defeated and fallen
countrymen of the South the same stern con-
demnation, the same sentiments of censure
and reproach. They are not alien enemies;
they are not of another lineage and language.
They are our countrymen; these States must
continue for ages to come to be a part of our
common country, and these people, their
children, and their children's children, must
continue to be our countrymen. I do not con-
sider it either generous, manly, or Christian to
nourish or cherish or express feelings of wrath
or hatred toward them. At this time, when
these misguided and mistaken countrymen of
ours have been conquered, when we have
absolutely established our ideas, which must
pervade and be incorporated into their systems
of public policy, it seems to me to be a duty
sanctioned by humanity and religion to heal
the wounds of war. Sir, I have- fought tho
battle for the country; I have fought this bat-
tle for the equal rights of man, not to pull
down anybody nor to be the personal enemy
of anybody on earth. That is my position now
and it will be my position hereafter. Our
words should not rekindle the prejudices, pas-
sions, and hatreds engendered by the bloody
struggles of civil war, but our words should
be fatted to the changed condition of affairs
and the needs of our country.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the- question now
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] which
is an amendment to the amendment moved by
the committee.
Mr. DRAKE. If I understand that amend-
ment, the effect of it will be to require in the
ratification of the constitution of any of these
States the vote of a majority of all the regis-
tered voters.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it.
Mr. DRAKE. I regret very much to be
compelled to differ from the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts -as to that require-
ment. I wish to state what the operation of
it will be. I can state it in a very few explicit
propositions, which I think will instantly make
the whole matter apparent to the mind of every
Senator.
Suppose that in any one of these States there
are fifty thousand registered voters. A ma-
jority of that number is twenty-five thousand
and one. Suppose that in fact in that num-
ber of fifty thousand the number in favor of
the constitution should be twenty-six thousand
and the number against it twenty-four thou-
sand. When the election would come *off
there would be many registered voters on both
sides who would not vote. Every one who
has voted under a registration law knows that
not by any means all the registered voters ever
do vote. In illustration of this I would refer
to the case of my own city last November,
where in a registered vote of nearly twenty-
five thousand eight hundred nearly five thou-
sand, about one-fifth of the whole number, did
not go to the polls. Then, assuming that
under no circumstances can the whole number
of registered voters ever be got to the polls,
let us apply that view to the figures which I
have taken now as an example. If only one
thousand of the twenty-six thousand in favor
of the constitution should stay away from the
polls the constitution is defeated, though ten
thousand of the opponents qf the constitution
should do the same, for every one of the ten
thousand, though absent, is still counted as a
part of the opposing vote to be overcome.
Now, sir, this is contrary to the universally
recognized principle applicable to all elections,
that those who fail to vote are to be regarded
as acquiescing in the will of the majority of
those who do vote. For this reason, I consider
it more just to all concerned, and more likely
to secure a full vote, to make the result depend
upon tho majority of those who vote. Then, if
any one stays away, he does so with the knowl-
edge that his vote is lost, and that he is to be
considered as consenting to the will of the ma-
jority. I say that it will be more likely to secure
a full vote, for then every man on each side
will feel that the result may depend upon his
single vote ; whereas if the other rule applies
the opponents of the constitution, in order to
lull its advocates into security and lead them
to stay away from the polls, may themselves
stayaway, knowing thatthus staying away every
one of them is counted against the constitution.
It is for these reasons that I cannot concur
with the distinguished mover of this amend-
ment.
