148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
even hia concurrence: that if it be not the
wish of a majority of the people, ol the rebel
States to come back into the Union under this
bill, I desire to see them stay out. I am not
ready to welcome a political community, in the
shape of a recently rebel State, back into Con-
gress by its representatives, the majority of
whose people are opposed to coming back into
the Union. '• :
Mr. HOWE. Suppose they should stay at
home and not vote at all?
Mr. HOWARD. In case they stayed at
home, as the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin says, and we could not get the expression
of a majority in favor of that measure, I should
say stay at home still, and stay out of the
Union. I am not in such hot haste as to hurry
these States back into the Union when there is
a majority of their people opposed to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very sorry to pro-
long this debate; but yet I want to do so long
enough to express my dissent as earnestly as
I can from the idea which seems to prevail
here, that we are under the necessity of disre-
garding safeguards and proprieties in order to
bring in Representatives and insure repre-
sentation to these States a little sooner than
it might otherwise be dpne. Sir, the philan-
thropy of this age has been caricatured in the
case of somebody who proposed to send a fine-
tooth comb and a moral tract to the children
of Timbuctoo; and in my judgment the cari-
cature is no greater than it is in the case of
those who propose to cure every evil that pre-
vails in the South by giving representation in
Congress a little sooner to these men. We
appropriated the other day $1,000,000 to feed
the starving in northern Georgia and elsewhere
in the South. I should like to know whether
any one of the people for whom that appro-
priation was made would have been less cold
or hungry or naked or thirsty if they had had
men sitting in this House and the other for the
last six months to make speeches or vote as
the representatives of Georgia and these other
States ?
Now, sir, without dilating upon this, I deny,
for one, that time is anything like so impor-
tant as manner in what is called the reconstruc-
tion of these States; and that I need not be
betrayed into any lengthy dissertation on this
point, let me merely suggest to the Senate one
case that may very likely arise. Take the case
of Texas. I believe there are—I was about to
give the area in square miles, but it is of no
importance—enough to make five or six of the
largest States to which we used to be accus-
tomed—one hundred and eighty thousand
square miles I thought it was, and a friend by
my side [Mr. Henderson] agrees with me—
destitute of railroads and facilities of locomo-
tion, sparsely peopled, and put now under the
command of an officer known to be radical, if
I may use the phraseology of this $ay. Sup-
pose a constitution is proposed there. The
loyal people and the disloyal, so far as they,
are .permitted by this bill, have a fair oppor-
tunity, but everybody understanding that, as
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
said, the election is pro forma, that it is of no
consequence whether more or less go out, a
constitution comes here from there ratified by
a small number of people; a minority so small
as to be contemptible as evidence of the popu-
lar wish in that State. Then an outcry is
raised, as it will be, from Maine to California,
that what was done in the ease of a Territory,
in the Administration of Mr. Buchanan, is to
Jbe repeated here, and that by the bayonet we
are forcing upon an unwilling people a minor-
ity government. Is it worth while, sir? Why?
The Senator from Maryland said that the ne-
groes might be prevented by their masters from
going to the election. Accepting such a pos-
sibility as that, I submit to him that it is the
reason of all others why we should say to these
masters in advance that a sine qua non of their
restoration is, that they release from duress
those negroes, if they possess the power to
exert it, and allow them to go to the polls that
a majority may vote.
But, sir, if it be true that they can detain
from the polls a large body of the voting pop-
ulation, are we in advance to connive at the
idea that a minority of one hundred or two
hundred men in the State of South Carolina
can manage in the first place the election which
is to control the question whether a convention
shall be held or not, and that then that same
few hundred men can consummate the act of
that convention, and fix as long as it shall
endure the status of the people of that State as
a member of the Union?
Mr. President,' I have listened with great
instruction to this debate. I have failed entirely
to discover where the House of Representa-
tives made its blunder, when, by a decided ma-
jority, the question being put and discussed, it
insisted that, whatever else this bill should con-
tain, it should not omit to require that a major-
ity of that fraction of the people whose names
are to be borne upon the registry shall assent
to a restoration of representation. We all
know that of the number of persons whom it
is intended shall be registered, by no means the
whole in any State will obtain registration.
We know that in most of the States a very
large per cent, will not. And now the idea
seems monstrous to me that we are by the use
of military agency to bring into relations with
this Union any State in which, taking all sorts
and conditions, black and white, loyal and dis-
loyal, you cannot, even at the end of all these
proceedings, obtain the consent of a majority
of the registered people. Why, sir, the cry
has been throughout the country by those op-
posed to the majority in this Chamber that we
were denying the right of representation to
men who were anxious and clamorous to come
in; and now, forsooth, we are told, having
added to those men the whole body of blacks
in the South, the white loyalists belonging
already to the voting population, that it is not
safe for us, that it is not right for us to require
that a bare majority shall concur in asking
restoration.
Sir, my belief is, and I rose for the purpose
of stating it, that we part with the sheet-anchor
upon which this whole question'depends ; that
we come to a "lame ana impotent eonelusion:l
in the legislative struggle in which we have
been engaged for the last year, when we put in
the bands of a minority, no matter how small,
in every State, in the first place to pass con-
clusively upon the question whether a conven-
tion shall be called or not, and secondly, upon
the-question whether the will of that conven-
tion, as embodied in the organic law, shall be-
come irreversible law as to the whole commu-
nity which they profess to represent.
1 hope, sir, for one, that this amendment will
fail; and that if the language of the bill does
not mean now, as the Senator from Maryland
seems to think it does not, that a majority of
the registered voters shall be required, some
language will be substituted which will mean
either that at the preliminary election to test
the question of calling a convention, or else at
the ultimate election to test the question of
ratifying its proceedings, we shall have the out-
spoken assent of at least a naked majority of
those whose names are borne upon the registra-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him whether the bill provides that
every man shall be registered? Can he not stay
away ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly he can stay
away, and I derive strength to my argument
from that fact. If we had a provision here by
which all the men in a State entitled to regis-
tration were certain to receive it, it would give
strength to the argument that a majority of all
those ought not to be required in the vote
adopting the constitution. But we are taking
now the chances of a majority of only a frac-
tion of the people ; and soj have been arguing
all the time. I borrow tm3 illustration of the
Senator from Michigan. Suppose in some
State—and it is no forced supposition—a large
number of people, of whites, who, although
disloyal, are not technically excluded by the
constitutional amendment, fail to have their
names registered; suppose they look with an
averted face upon all this proceeding; that
they turn away in disdain, as they have done
from other propositions. The registry is to
show only the residue of the people entitled to
registration. And now we are asked to give
up the safeguard that we have in requiring a
majority even of that residue. I protest for
that reason among others, and I say it is one
of the strong reasons which enter into this
argument.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know whether it
is in order to argue in favor of a measure on
this floor that it has been passed by the House
of Representatives. This body has an equal
right to pass upon the question without having
the action of the House thrown into our faces
as an argument why we should follow suit.
Now, sir, whence comes this remarkable
tenderness for the rights of men who are too
lazy, too indifferent, or too hostile to attend
an election ? It seems to me to consort very
strangely with the action of this body in hav-
ing recently imposed a military government on
these States all at once to become so remark-
ably tender in regard to the rights of the stay-
at-homes, of the indifferent, and of the hostile,
as to allow them to check the whole progress
of reconstruction..
I will takathe case of Texas as the Senator
puts it. Suppose that the constitution should
be ratified only by a small minority even of
the State of Texas. Still those who felt inter-
est enough in the work of reconstruction went
and voted, took part in the election. The rest
from some cause stayed at home. Some were
sullen ; some were hostile; and there is a body
of men in every State who never go to an elec-
tion, who feel indifferent, and are willing that
others shall act for them. In all of your
large cities there is a large body of business
men who ordinarily take no part in the elec-
tions and are willing to let others decide for
them. Some feel themselves above what they
call the business of politics. Others think
they are too dignified to take part in it. Now,
sir, suppose that we allow the stay-at-homes
and the indifferents to vote a constitution down
by simply staying at home in the State of
Texas ; 1 ask the gentleman what is he going
to do about it? This bill makes no provision
for taking a subsequent vote. It makes no
provision for a second convention. No further
action can be taken without further legislation
on that subject; and the work of reconstruc-
tion comes to a dead halt because there is a
small balance of power that stays at home ;
that will neither do one thing or another. Sir,
if we are in earnest in this work of reconstruc-
tion, if we mean to restore this Union, I ask
that we shall not voluntarily put into tho
power of ten or twenty thousand men to defeat
the whole work by simply staying at home.
Take the case put by the Senator from Mich-
igan. If the white men will stay at home; if
they will fold their armsf and are too dignified
or too venomous to vote, I say let the negroes
vote for them; they deserve to be governed by
the negroes. If they have the power to gov-
ern themselves by voting and thus to deprive
the negroes of the power, and shall voluntarily
refuse to exercise it, I do not want the Sena-
tor from Michigan to come here and make
appeals for those men. Let them take the
consequences.
Sir, I am in earnest about this work of recon-
struction. ' I want it to go forward; and as I
am a true Republican, and I believe the salva-
tion of this country depends upon the main-
tenance of that party in power, I am in favor
of speedy and successful reconstruction for the
preservation and tho continued power of tho
Republican party.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to detain
the Senate but for a moment. Let us illustrate
the principles of the honorable Senator from
Indiana, to carry them out in practice, and see
to what results they may lead. Take a single
rebel State. Suppose its voting population is
three hundred thousand, for the sake of illus-
