150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
not be sufficiently informed of their rights or
not feel efficiently the importance of voting
to have themselves registered and enrolled to
vote. He therefore supposes that a consider-
able number of negroes will not vote of their
own motion, either from indifference or from
some other cause. Then he says that an equal
number of proud rebels, men who are not will-
ing to acquiesce in the present condition of
things, will not take the trouble to vote, and
some will be excluded by the terms o'f the con-
stitutional amendment, so that the probability
is that not more than one half or three fifths
of the whole voting population will be regis-
tered. I think it probable myself that not more
than a majority of the voting population in any
of the southern States will be registered. Now,
we propose that if they hold a convention, that
convention shall first proceed to say whether
they intend to come into the Union, and then
if they say so the convention is to form a con-
stitution and it is to be submitted to the popu-
lar vote. It seems to me that as the delegates
who vote for making a constitution will prob-
ably represent but a minority of their people,
we ought to require at least a majority of that
minority to participate in this Government, or
else they ought to stand where they now are,
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.
I think, therefore, that this is not an unrea-
sonable provision, and I hope Senators on all
sides will take it as a kind of compromise be-
tween these opposing ideas, the one demand-
ing a majority of all the registered voters, and
the other simply a majority of those who choose
to vote. I shall vote tor the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont: I think it is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
will pardon me. after, he has made a speech
about twice as long as I have on this question,
if before the vote is taken I sho.uld reply to
his proposition.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
amendment read. I want to get it in my mind,
so that I can understand the argument.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
again read.
The Secretary. It is proposed after the
words ''cast at said election," the amend-
ment just adopted, to insert "at least three
fifths of all the registered voters voting upon
the question of such ratification."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, in reply to my
friend from Illinois, and to the Senator from
Indiana, I will say that there are various ways
of putting things. The way that they have
of putting it, that the effect, of this is to allow
two fifths to defeat the ratification of the con-
stitution, is a very plausible way undoubtedly ;
but that only presents one single view of this
question. When you look at it in the other
point of view I think the proposition against
their views would be still more startling than
the one that they advocate; and that is, that
without this amendment or some similar one
a majority of one tenth of the people of any
one of these States may control its destiny and
may fix its government; and yet the Senators
call that republicanism. If you do not make
a provision of this description in the State of
Virginia, if you suppose three thousand men
voting on this question and sixteen hundred
voting for the constitution and fourteen hun-
dred against it, is it right that these sixteen
hundred men should force a constitution upon
the millions of the citizens of Virginia and
the hundreds of thousands of its voters? The
very committee of which the Senator- from
Illinois is chairman through him reported an
an$(!ndment requiring an absolute majority of
the whole number before such a constitution
should be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to put a ques-
tion to the Senator. This principle is not a
new one. In the organization of States out of
Territories I think it has never been required
that there should be a majority of the voters
who should express their views upon the con-
stitution or in the selection of delegates; and
very recently a State has been admitted for
which a population of eighty-eight thousand
was claimed, and yet there were less than four
thousand affirmative votes upon the constitu-
tion, clearly showing less than twenty thousand
of the eighty-eight thousand in favor of the
constitution; and I believe that the Senator
from Vermont supported it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see the ques-
tion. I-believe that the Senator from Indiana
did not support it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I have come on his
ground and show some signs of political or-
thodoxy. I trust I shall receive the support of
my distinguished friend from Indiana. It is
time that in organized communities who are
homogeneous, whose interests and views and
opinions are in a social and in a political sense
very generally or to a great degree the same,
who have a common origin, a common lan-
guage, a common education, a common social
life, a common intermarriage, a common
everything which enters into the composition
of society, there is frequently no necessity for
securities and safeguards of this description.
But are we dealing with any such communities
as these that I have described? Not by any
means. We are dealing with communities a
majority of whom, as it was stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, now appear for the
first time from the depths of social and polit-
ical degradation, not having had the opportu-
nities of societies or education or freedom,
or even protection of law, that other men have
had. Placed side by side with them is a large
proportion of disloyal white men, educated,
affluent, powerful. Society, therefore, is dis-
cordant instead of homogeneous ; it is en-
tirely a new problem. And when we are set-
ting up governments which are to stand for-
ever, and which will be, when once set up,
beyond our control, there cannot be too much
caution in the movements and steps we take
in the direction of instituting these govern-
ments.
Now, all that my proposition requires is that
of the registered persons, the loyal men who
come forward and have their names registered
and receive the oath that is to be administered
to them, there shall act upon this question just
a fraction more than a simple majority, and
that a majority of that fraction shall control
for all, so that any fraction over three tenths
of all the registered voters adopt your consti-
tution, after all. Is that asking too much in a
republican government? The great State of
New York, with an enlightened representa-
tion of Delegates and Senators, is not trusted
in its Legislature to vote away the people's
money unless three fifths of all the members
are present and acting upon the question. Now,
then, when we are to set up beyond any con-
trol of ours, beyond any undoing, remember,
these great States once more, is it unwise, is it
unfit, is it extreme, to require that more than
three tenths of the loyal and registered popu-
lation should be affirmatively in favor of the
constitutional charter of liberty under which
they are to act? That is the question; and
that being the question, I am content to have
the Senate pass upon it.
Mr. CAMERON, (at ten minutes before six
o'clock p. m.) Mr. President, it is getting
late on Saturday evening, and it seems to me
that there is no hurry about this bill. It is a
very important one, and should ba deliberately
and carefully considered. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn, so that we may rest
over Sunday, and bring our minds here on
Monday morning in a condition to pass the bill
without unnecessary debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to. I trust the Senate will stay
and finish the bill.
The question being put, the Senate refused
to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There are several executive messages
on the table that should be disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Hen-
derson, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Sherman, Samner, Thayer, and Wade—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Cragin, Drake,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Boss, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wiliey, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fesson-
den. Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Norton, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Williams, and Yates—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I n€w move the amend-
ment which I before suggested 
Mr. 'EDMUNDS. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me, I desire on this
very point to propose the amendment first voted
down, simply changing it from three fifths to
a majority. I want to get a vote on it in that
shape.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I give way for that
purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move the amend-
ment which has just been voted down, chang-
ing it by striking out " three fifths" and insert-
ing " one half." This amendment is to insert
the words " at least one half of all the regis-
tered voters voting upon the question of such,
ratification."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered:
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I desire to say a
word. It does seem to me very singular that
we should devise means here to defeat any
formation of a government. Now, what is to
be done to defeat the constitution under this
proposition? Simply for all the'rebels to go
and get registered and then keep away from the
polls themselves and keep everybody else away.
I was willing to make this bill specific, as the
House had it, and require a majority of the
registered voters. I understood the bill from
the Judiciary Committee to mean that; but the
Senate did not so understand it, and voted
against making it specific that way. I think it
had better mean something ; we had better
know what it does mean. I am satisfied to
have a majority of those who vote on the ques-
tion ratify the constitution, but I am not satis-
fied to have the rebels get registered and then
by staying at home have the advantage of keep-
ing away those who are for the constitution.
This allows a minority to prevent the organi-
zation of a government, for there never was an
election held where all were able to get to the
polls. It makes a man's vote who stays at
home count more than the vote of a man who
goes to the polls and putsit into the ballot-box.
Iam unwilling to sanction any such principle.
It gives the opposition the advantage of all the
stay-at-homes, while those in favor of conform-
ing to the law and organizing a State govern-
ment must be well able to get to the polls and
put iu their ballots in order to count as much
as those who are opposed to it and who stay
away.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Illinois whether as the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee he did not report
this bill requiring a majority of all the regis-
tered voters to vote for the constitution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer the Sen-
ator that I did; but the Senator from Vermont •
is one of the very persons who said it did not
mean that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not mean that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it did not mean that
I wanted to make it specific ; but we could not
make it so. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly. Therefore my
