1867.
TJEffi (DONGKESSKMAL GLOBIi
the holding of the election. • The registration
may take place at any time after the passage
of the bill before the 1st of September, and it
will be the duty of the commandant to give
the notice of the election. "Why not, theii,
require him, to give a notice of thirty dayS'i or
any other reasonable notice, of the tegistrs-
tion? What,I object to is to the c'Oncetflin'g-
from the great mass of the people—I say Con-
cealing, because concealment is the result—that
a registration rs about to take place. I do not
like this mode of doing things in the dark. Let
us do it openly, and do not lot us give even
the rebels the excuse of saying that they had
not been notified of the registration, as this in
its present shape would furnish them.
Mr. WILSON. I must confess that I hardly
see why it is necessary that the Senator should
be talking about concealment. I am sure
nobody,here desires to conceal anything.
Mr. flOWARD. What I mean is the sup^
pression of the fact by the non-appearance of
formal official notice. That is what I mean by
concealment, of course.
Mr. WILSON. I endeavored to make an
explanation of the provisions of the bill, but
the Senator did not seem satisfied with it, and
so he restated precisely and exactly the posi-
tion I had taken. Now, if this bill be what he
says it is, how in the world can he vote for
this amendment? This amendment not only
requires notice, but says the registration shall
be kept open till within thirty days of the
time of voting. That is an utter impossibility.
The registry must be closed, must go to the
commander, and the commander must upon it
apportion delegates and then call the conven-
tion. It is the latter part of the clause moved
by the Senator from Oregon to which I objected,
and which is contrary to the theory of the bill.
The first part of the amendment requiring
notice I do not object to. I am willing that
thirty days' notice or forty days' notice shall
be required, or any notice that is deemed
proper to enable all concerned to know all
about it; for it is of vital importance to those
who want to organize these States by the patri-
otic and loyal efforts of all to have the black
people receive abundant notice and have an
opportunity to be registered, because the active,
earnest, leading rebels will quickly find out
when the registrar is around, and I want the
men on the plantations, the black men, to find
out; and therefore I am willing to adopt the
first part of the amendment, but the latter part
of it is in conflict with the bill, and I hope will
be abandoned.
Mr. CORBETT. My object in offering the
amendment was to require that in each voting
precinct, whether it be a county or a parisbor
a township or other subdivision, public notice
should be given so that all would have a chance
to be registered. I wish to have the notice
given in the usual places of voting, whether
the voting precinct embraces a whole county
or a township or some smaller subdivision, so
that the fact that a registration is to be made
may be brought to the knowledge of the col-
ored people especially, so that they may know
that they can register their names. There may
possibly be a design on the part of the employ-
ers of the colored people in some cases to pre-
vent the news reaching them that they will be
entitled to have their names registered, and it
is necessary to have public notice' given and
notices posted up so that the news may be cir-
culated among all the people and all may
understand what is being done. If these no-
tices are stuck up in public places and torn
down by interested parties I want them put up
Brain. I want all to have sufficient notice so
that they may register their names. If the
negroes have holiday on Sitiyday, let them
have a chance to register themselves on Satur-
day. It may be necessary in some oases to re-
quire the boards to sit in the evening, so as to
give them a chance to register themselves then
if th,ey have no opportunity to do it during the
day. The planters may try and keep them
busy at work, so that they will not have a chance,
even within thirty days, to leave the plantation
for the" purposfe of registering their names. I
want t<> provide against these contingencies;
and l£St a commander may not issue a proper
notiS'e, why is it not competent for us to insert
ifl this bill a reqnireinent that he shall give
proper notice ana that the ilotice shall be dis-
played'at particular places? I propose to have
the notice displayed in each voting precinct.
In many cases a whole county or parish may
constitute but one voting precinct. I think
that covers the case.
I am opposed to striking out of the amend-
ment what gentlemen seem to regard as un-
necessary detail. I do ttot so esteem it. I
think, with great deference to the committee,
that it involves a fundamental principle." I do
not like to insist upon a thing that is deemed
improper by gentlemen older and more expe-
rienced than myself; but it strikes me that
some such provision as I have proposed is
necessary.
Mr. CHANDLER, (at six o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call fur the -yeas and
nays.
Seve'ral Sexators. Oh, no; we will vote
it down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the call.
The Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am exceedingly sorry
that 013'friend from Oregon should have offered
this amendment, or that the friends of the bill
should have consented to allow any such
amendment to go upon it. If I can get the
attention of Senators, I wish to Ray. that, if you
are going into detail to fix the mode of pro-
ceeding of your commanding general, you can-
not finish this bill without rereferring it and
getting up a general election law. It is not
intended to do any such thing in this bill. Wo
have left it to the commanding general to do,
what? It shall be his duty to cause to be reg-
istered "the male citizens of the United States
twenty-one years of age and upward, resident
in each county or parish in the State or States
included in his district." He must take the
steps to register all these male persons ; and
now you propose to say how much notice he
shall give of where the persons shall go to reg-
ister. You must leave this to the command-
ing general.
Well, but some one says, the commanding
general may not do this fairly, ho may not reg-
ister the men. If you have got a commanding
general that does not purpose to execute this
law, you cannot execute it at all. Our whole
legislation in regard to the South turns upon
the carrying out of our law by the commanding
general. The whole object of this bill is to
set the thing in motion ; and if you are going
to permit amendments to be put upon the bill
as to the detail of how much notice shall bo
given before a man shall be registered when
are we to get through with it? It does not
want any notice of that kind ; let him be regis
tered at anytime. I do not care whether there
is notice or not. It is the duty of the com-
manding general to register every male citizen
in his county or district except those who are
disfranchised by the act to which this is sup-
plementary; and if he does not do it, he vio-
lates his duty, and we will hold him and the
President responsible for it.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask whether
it is the intention that the commanding general
shall send his men around with a book to reg-
ister these men all over the country?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is intended that he
shall send his men to every bouse, if it is neces-
sary, to register them. The commanding gen-
eral is directed to make a registry of the voters ;
and I should presume that any man fit to be a
commanding general would know the propriety
of giving notice and urging these people to
come in.
Mr. CORBETT. As I understood the gen-
tleman some time ago, he said there could not
be enough men in all the precincts to be got in
order to register these names. Now, if you
have enough men to send around to register
these names, why not enough for the other
purpose? -
Mr. TRUMBULL. There cannOt hi found
iii e&<ffi iSWhshi|) a sufficl"e'nt;'ritfiftlMr to SSrtj'
otit t1M Senator's amendment". ' There are
twenty, perhaps forty, townships in SCfme eVun-
ties; and he would require books to be opened
at Wo placed in each township. That would
require six persons in each t'own'shfp who could
take the test c>g,th. Could you get "a hundred
persons in a county who could do that slnd who
could attend to this business for thirty dayS?
Besides, there is no necessity for it. That is
the provision of the amendment to which I was
replying. We want no provision of this kind
in the bill; and if you are going to make amend-
ments as to details, how much notice shall be
given, and where the particular placie of voting
shall bo, and the manner of contesting the
election, the manner of challenging voters; if
you meta to go into all these details you have
got to get up a new bill entirely, and you can-
not got it up in the Senate by one Senator
offering one amendment and another another;
you had better refer the bill-to some commit-
tee to prepare a general election law. The
Judiciary Committee undertook to do ho such
thing. This is a House bill, not prepared in
the Senate. The Senate committee have re-
ported, it is true, a substitute for it; but it is
the House bill rewritten almost verbatim.
There is very little change from the House
bill; and I trust if we are to pass any bill at all,
those who are in favor of the passagfe of th6
bill will vote against these amendments of
detail, one detail requiring another. This
amendment requires thirty days' notice before
anybody shall be registered. It wants no
notice at all before you register any one. It
wants notice that the registering officers are
about, just as notice is given that your revenue
officers go about; and then let everybody come
in and be registered at any time. If it is neces-
sary, men must be sent into every locality, for
it is the duty of the commanding general to
cause these people to be registered, and if he
does not do it, he does not perform his duty
and what the law requires of him. He will
find it his interest to give all the notice he can,
to spread it abroad, and get the people to come
in and be registered with facility. But if we
undertake to put these details into the bill we
cannot do it here in open Senate. Now, I do
hope my friend from Oregon will not press his
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
it is so particularly the duty of the military
commandant to make this registration as the
Senator from Illinois appears to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the language of the
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. He says this is the language
of the bill. It is true, the bill says that the com-
manding general in each district " shall cause
a registration to be made of the male citizens
of the United States," &c. That is what the
bill says. He is not to do it himself in person,
and it is not to be expected. The bill casts
upon him in reference to registration simply
this duty, as expressed in section three of the
bill:
That the commanding general of each district shall
appoint as many boards of registration as may bo
necessary, consistiogof three i oyal officers or persons,
to make and complete the registration.
So that, after all, the sole connection of tho
commanding general with the business of regis-
tration is that he appoints in each election dis-
trict three loyal persons to make and complete
the registration, and that is all the connection
he has with it. Now, according to the Senator
from Illinois, it is quite sufficient that the com-
manding general shall appoint three loyal per-
sons in each county, if a county should happen
to be an election district, or in any other de-
scription of election district that may happen to
exist. He says, of course it is the incumbent
duty of the general to see to it that this regis-
tration is completed ; and it would seem that
he intends to hold him responsible for any
dereliction or failure in the completion of this
