154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
registration of which he may not be in any-
wise guilty. The persons to perform this duty
are to be appointed by him, and they and not
he are responsible for it. Now, suppose he
appoints three ignorant, inattentive, drunken,
perhaps, careless men, who do not want any
registration really to be tiken; they stay at
home, attend to their private business or their
private amusements, and let the business of
registration go; nobody is informed when or
where his name can be entered upon the regis-
ter, and no registration takes place in that dis-
trict. Is this a compliance with the law ? And
because these three persons are charged with
this duty the Senator holds it to be quite suf-
ficient, and that no printed notice is requisite
to carry the knowledge of the fact that there is
to be a registration home to the business and
bosoms of the persons who are interested in it.
It seems to me this is leaving matters at loose
ends; and now that we have it in hand, it is
our duty to see to it that notice is fully and
fairly given so that everybody interested in the
matter may avail himself of the registration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have rro doubt that
my friend from Michigan, who is utterly op-
posed to this bill, and has been from the begin-
ning 
Mr. HOWARD. By what authority does the
Senator from Illinois make that assertion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. From the course of action
which the Senator has taken it is very manifest
that he would throw any obstacle in the way of
its passage which he properly could as a Sen-
ator here.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, that is an
imputation which I deny; it is totally unfounded
and unjustifiable. I have taken part in the
discussion, and propose to do so still.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I judge
of the Senator's designs by his votes and his
speeches. No amendment, however objection-
able it may be. which has been proposed, the
tendency of which would be to defeat the bill,
I think has failed to receive his vote; and I
expect him to criticise and find fault with any
provision that is in the bill, and to favor any
matter of detail which is likely to embarrass
the operation of the bill.. I "expect that from
his course here hitherto; he is very consistent
in his course, has been during the whole time
this bill has been before us; and I expect him
to follow it out. I have no doubts, however—
I do not mean to say that of the Senator from
Michigan—there are persons who do not want
these States reconstructed and restored to their
former positions in the Union, at any rate
within any proximate time.
Now, sir, I do not propose to answer all the
objectionsthat are raised in detail. I abstained
from saying anything when the Senator from
Oregon offered this amendment originally, be-
cause it seemed to me so palpably inconsistent
with carrying out the provisions of the bill that
it would not receive the sanction of the Senate.
I supposed that a majority of this Senate were
in favor of the act of the last session of Con-
gress ; I supposed they were in favor of a bill
to carry that into effect. If, however, I am
mistaken in that, of course they will load the
present proposition down with amendments
improper, impossible of execution, will go
into details about the time of notice and all
those little things which will prevent action
upon the bill. I had hoped we might get a
vote to-night. I shall take no time in discus-
sion further than when amendments are offered,
if they are persisted in, stating what seems to
me to be the objection to them if there is objec-
tion. I hope we may vote on the amendments
with as great expedition as is consistent with
a proper understanding of them.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
recognize the right of the Senator from Illinois
to take me to task in this personal way at all.
He has no right to impute to me a factious
opposition to the progress of this bill through
the Senate. It is very true that I have endeav-
ored to amend the bill in various ways; but I
have acted honestly and sincerely with a desire
to perfect this bill, and make it conform to my
own ideas of what is right and proper; and
because my ideas upon this, the most impor-
tant subject that has ever come before the Sen-
ate, do not happen to concur with his, because
I happen to dissent from his views in respect
to certain provisions of this bill, it does not
become that Senator, let me say to him with all
proper respect, to take me to task in this very
imperions and schoolmasterly style. I do not
recognize his authority, and I shall be very
much obliged to him for the future if he will
forbear to attempt to bring me to the stool of
lecture in the manner he has assumed to do
here. I have as much right, I take it, to dis-
cuss this question or any other question in the
Senate as has the Senator from Illinois ; and
it is a little offensive, let me say to him, to be
taunted with the unfounded taunt that I, and
others here, judging from our conduct during
this discussion, are opposed to all restoration
of the States. Sir, I fling this unmanly impu-
tation back into his teeth, and say to liim that
there is no Senator here more willing to enact
a just and proper statute upon the subject of
restitutio# of the rebel States than I am; but
I will not be dragooned by any Senator into
the adoption of views or principles or provis-
ions of law in which I have no confidence;
and I am just vain enough to suppose that my
own opinions are as sound upon this question
as are those of the Senator from Illinois. I
acknowledge no superior, and least of all do I
acknowledge a dictator, here or elsewhere.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. NYE. I desire to present the following
amendment to come in at the place where the
rejected one was proposed to be inserted:
The registration shall be completed twenty days
previous to the day of voting, and at least three
copies of the completed registry shall be posted in
each voting precinct designated by the commanding
general of the district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill already pro-
vides that it must be completed more than
thirty days before, so I suppose there is no
object in having it twenty.
Mr. NYE. Does it provide for posting?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It provides that no elec-
tion can take place until after the registration
is returned, and it requires at least thirty days
previous notice of the election. So there must
be more than thirty days' notice. It does not
require the posting up of the registration.
Mr. NYE. I understood that provision of
the bill, but that provision does not require
the essential part, the posting up of notice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say but a word
about that as I promised to take but little time.
This is another of those details that it is pro-
posed to put into the bill; and I think if you
undertake to amend the bill in that way in the
Senate you will have a very incongruous bill:
it will result in having to recommit it and hav-
ing an election bill prepared. I hope it will
not be adopted.
Mr. NYE. I have only one word to say
on the subject. The great object of regis-
tering votes is to advise the people who are
voters ; and I venture the assertion that there
is not a registry law in any State of this
Union but what requires that the list of voters
shall be posted a given time-before the elec-
tion. The object is that persons who are desir-
ous of having a fair and honest vote may ex-
amine the registry and see whether any name
upon it is a voter or not. In New York i think
they require the notice to be posted ten days
and proscribe the manner of posting it; in
Michigan twelve days I think are required;
and in every State where there is a registry law
the requirements of posting the registry always
follows of course; so that any one can go and see
whether Mr. Nye has registered his vote as living
at such a number and such a place, to inquire
whether he lives there, and then can ascertain
whether there is such a voter living at that place.
The object here will be to see if men have regis-
tered their names as voters who come within
any of the provisions that exclude them from
voting; and the inhabitants of the place will
know much better about it than the command-
ing general. I hope that that amendment will
prevail so far as the posting of notice is con-
cerned ; at least I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will not object to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There-is certainly no
objection to posting the notice. The Senator
from Nevada will not understand me as op-
posed to that. I think that should be done.
Mr. NYE. Then let it pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The objection to the
amendment is that we cannot undertake in this
bill to go into all the details. If you do, in
how many places are you to post up the notices
of holding an election, what kind of notice
must you give, and how is the election to be
conducted, and who is to provide the ballot-
boxes ? Who is to do all these things ? They
are all to be done. We have not provided who
is to furnish the ballot-boxes or how it is to be
done. We have left this election to be con-
ducted under the direction of the commanding
general; and I say to my friend from Nevada
I think it very proper that the list of voters
should be published that everybody may see
it. There are a great many things that he and
I know would be very proper in conducting
this election, not one of which is put into this
bill. Does the Senator from Nevada mean or
does the Senate mean that we shall make this
bill perfect in regard to the machinery of the
election or to undertake to provide it all ? If
the Senate come to that conclusion let it rerefer
the bill at onc5, for there are forty such amend-
ments that would have to be made to carry out
that view. I oppose this amendment, not be-
cause I think it wrong in itself, but because I
think we should not undertake to go into th 
machinery of the election in this way.
Mr. NYE. All I desire to say in answer to
that is that you have undertaken in this bill to
prescribe certain things that these commanders
shall do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Generally.
Mr. NYE. This is a great general thing
that pertains to this election which is about to
take place, more important than anything else ;
and 1 trust I shall not be considered as cap-
tious when I suggest that it is the very life of
the registry. 1 want to say one more tiling
that the commander shall do—let him fix the
details as he pleases—that this notice shall be
published at least twenty days before the elec-
tion in three public places, so that the registry
may be scrutinized.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I propose the following
amendment as an additional section :
And be it .further enacted, That the duties hereby
imposed upon the commanding general of each dis-
trict and the powers conferred may, with his con-
sent, be performed and exercised by the acting
Governor of any State who shall take an oath or
affirmation faithfully to do and perform the same,
and shall take and subscribe the oath prescribed by
the act approved July 2, 1862, entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office."
I wish simply to say that in Virginia, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana we have Governors who can
take the iron-clad oath. They are men who
have been Governors of those States for several
years, who know the public men of their States,
who know the public sentiment "there, and I
think, with the assent of the commanding gen-
eral of their districts, they can discharge these
duties better than any persons who may be ap-
pointed as general officers. There are only
three Governors who can take this oath, and
under the amendment the assent of General
Schofield, General Ord, or General Sheridan,
in each of the respective cases, must be obtained
before they can perform these duties. I be-
lieve that with their knowledge of men and
their knowledge of their States and of the
localities of v6ting and of everything pertain-
ing to those matters, if the commanders would
assent to it, these three Governors, or any ono
of them, could discharge the duty better than
any one of those generals. This provision
was in the original bill, but it was stricken
out by the House of Representatives. I be-
lieve, in fact I know, that some of the most
