1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
earnest men in Virginia, in Louisiana, and m
Arkansas, are in favor of it, and were in favor
of it before it was brought into either of these
Chambers.
Mr. CONNESS. I have three objections to
this amendment. One is that it will destroy
in the respect to which it applies, or is pro-
posed to apply, the uniformity of the plan,
making different sources of authority to put
the scheme in operation. Another is that it
will enable, if adopted, military commanders
who have a desire to do that to shuffle off from
themselves the responsibility of putting it into
operation. The third is that I would sooner
trust either of the military commanders who
have been named in these States than I would
either of the so-called loyal Governors. I
desire to put it in that direct manner. I hope
fos these reasons the amendment will not be
adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is ou agreeing to the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish in some way to get
at some of the propositions on which we have
voted in committee. There are several of
them on which I desire to have another vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will have full op-
portunity when they are offered again.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole was
one amendment, striking out all of the bill
after the enacting clause and inserting a sub-
stitute.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that it is now
in order to offer amendments to the amend-
ment agreed to in committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I move to amend that
amendment by inserting as a new section, to
come in after section two, the following:
And be it further enacted. That at the said election
the registered voters of caoh State shall vote for or
against a convention to form a constitution thereior
under this act. Those voting in favorof such a con-
vention shall have written or printed on the ballots
by which they vote for delegates as aforesaid the
words41 For a convention," and those voting against
such a convention shall have written or printed on
such ballots thewords "Against a convention. lhe
persons appointed to superintend said election and
to make return of the votes given thereat as herein
provided, shall count and make return of the votes
given for and against a convention; and the com-
manding general to whom the same shall be returned
shall ascertain and declare the total vote ineach
Stat© for and against a convention. If a majority
of the whole number of voters registered m any btate
as aforesaid shall have voted for a convention, then
such convention shall be held as heremafterprovided;
but if a majority of such wholenumber ot voters
registered shall have voted against a convention,
then no such convention shall be held under this act.
It will be perceived by the Senators present
that this is the same amendment which I
offered in committee, and having expressed
myself very fully in regard to it then, I do not
propose any further discussion of it at this
time. I have been ied from various things
that have come to my knowledge since it was
voted upon in committee to entertain the hope
that the objections of some gentlemen of the
Senate who voted against it before have been
removed, and that I may now look for their
support. I would make this single remark in
regard to it, that the Senate having in commit-
tee definitively settled the question that a ma-
' jority of the votes given upon the question of
the adoption of the constitution when that shall
be framed shall control the ratification of the
constitution, instead of a majority of the whole
number of registered voters, I simply^ submit
to the judgment of the Senate whether it is not
better, under all the circumstances, that this
expression should be taken at the hands of the
people at the very beginning, and that then a
majority of all the registered voters should be
required to set the machinery in motion for
making a constitution. .
I do not wish to consume the time of thefeen-
ato; they have indulged me very politely m
reference to the discussion of this matter; and
I submit this amendment to tham in the earn-
est hope that it may commend itself to their
j1rC0NJILING. I should like to ask the
Senator a question before lie takes his seat. I
wish he would explain the idea of the conclud-
ing language of his amendment. t if I under-
stand the amendment, it is that if a majority
of all those registered vote for a convention, a
convention shall be held; and if a majority of
all those registered vote against a convention,
no convention shall be held. Now, suppose a
majority do not vote either way, what would
the law be under the amendment? If the
amendment provided that in case a majority of
those registered vote in favor of a convention
a convention should be held, and otherwise
not, of course I would understand the idea of
that, and we should all understand it alike;
but I ask the Senator to be good enough to
state what his view was in using the language
that if a majority vote for it, a convention shall
be held, and if a majority vote_against it, it
shall not be held. Suppose a majority of those
registered do not vote either way, what will be
the result then ?
Mr. DRAKE. Of course the gentleman
from New York need not ask me what will be
the result. He sees the result just as plainly
as any one can see it, and I see it too ; but it
never occurred to me as within the range of
possibility that there would not be a majority
of the registered vote one way or the other.
It is certainly possible that it might occur that
a majority of the registered vote would not
vote either way; I understand that, now that
the gentleman has called my attention to it;
but it never occurred to me before as a con-
tingency to be guarded against.
fir. CONKLING. Then I will ask the
Senator to modify his amendment, choosing
his own language, so as to provide that il a
majority of all those registered vote for a con-
vention it shall be held, and otherwise no con-
vention shall be held as the result of that vote,
which will carry out the idea he has.
Mr. DRAKE. There does not occur to me
any objection to that modification.
Mr. SHERMAN. Reflection on the propo-
sition made by the Senator from Missouri since
he offered it the other day, has led me to the
conviction that it may be well enough to take
the sense of the people who are on the registry
as to whether they desire a State government;
and if the Senator would make his proposition
conform to the action and deliberate judgment
of the Senate, so as to require only a majority
of those voting at the election, 1 would vote
for the proposition. The bill itselt provides
that a majority of the delegates to the conven-
tion must first declare the desire of the people
to form a State government. That is one mode
of ascertaining the sense of the people; but as
there is to be an election of delegates, there is
no impropriety and no inconvenience m re-
quiring each voter at that election to declare
his own opinion on the question.^ Perhaps it
is a better way of getting at the wish and opin-
ion of the people of these States, instead ot
relying on the vote of the delegates after they
are elected; but the proposition as now made
simply defeats this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. That is not my intention.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be the proba-
ble result. The Senator himself convinced
the Senate by a few remarks he made a while
ago that it was unwise to require a majority
of all the registered voters to concur m ratify-
ing the constitution. If his argument was
good then, the same argument ought to_apply
now. 1 think it would be well enough m the
preliminary election for delegates to require
each voter to vote for or against a State gov-
ernment under this law; and if a majority ot
those who vote declare in favor of forming a
State government under the law, let that be
considered the sense of the people, and let the
convention meet and at once form a govern-
ment to carry out the wishes of their constitu-
ents There is but very little difference be-
tween an expression by the convention itselt
after the members are elected and an expres-
sion by the people j but as there must neces-
sarily be an election to elect the delegates, it Is
just as well to take the sense of the people in
the beginning,; probably it would be better, as
the law we passed at the -last session submits the
whole matter to the people, and says that if the
people of the rebel States do so and so we will
admit them to representation. I can see the
force of the argument which would submit the
question at the outset to the people in the elec-
tion of delegates; and then, if the commanding
general finds that a majority of the people of
the State have voted in favor of a convention,
he calls the convention, the delegates having
been elected by the same vote which passed
upon the question of a State constitution. If
the Senator from Missouri will modify his
amendment so as to require only a majority of
those voting at that election to determine the
question, I shall vote for it, and I think that is
probably the best way to get the sense of the
P1Fr . TRUMBULL. Since this amendment
was offered the other day I have individually
consulted the members of the committee in
regard to it, and as the object to be attained is
a common one, a majority of the committee
and perhaps I am justified in saying that such
is the unanimous opinion of the committee—:
agreed that if it would avoid discussion, and
would be more satisfactory to some of our
friends to ascertain the wishes of the people by
a direct preliminary vote rather than by a vote
of the delegates, there would be no serious
opposition to the proposition. I do not exactly
feel authorized to say for the committee that
.they are in favor of this amendment. We
thought upon consultation that the best mode
was that which is provided in the bill, and let
the question of the wish of the people to form
a constitution and State government under our
legislation be decided by the delegates whom
they shall elect, and let thatquestion enterinto
the election of delegates, because if the dele-
gates elected were opposed to taking action
they would defeat the formation of any govern-
nient even after the people had voted directly
to form one. But 1 agree with the Senator
from Ohio that I think a majority of those
voting should decide that question.
I have thought it important to adhere to the
legislation of last session. The legislation^ of
last session provided that the State constitu-
tion, when submitted to all the people for rati-
fication, should be ratified or rejected, accord-
ing as a majority of those voting on the question
should decide, and I was very sorry that the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] was adopted, which changes that
principle, and is a departure from the plan
which we laid down. If this amendment which
the Senator from Missouri offers could be
adopted, with the modification suggested by
the Senator from. Ohio, leaving it to the ma-
jority of those who shall vote in the election
of delegates to decide whether there shall be
a convention or not, I should not seriously
object to it I see no way, however, of reach-
ing it except by voting down this amendment
in the form in which it is proposed, and then
if it were offered in the other form I should
not object to it. I suppose this being an amend-
ment to an amendment is not now amendable.
The only way to get at it would be to vote down
this amendment; and then if another amend-
ment should be offered, leaving U to a direct
vote of the people to decide at the first election
by a majority vote whether they will have a
convention or not, I should not seriously op-
P°Mr!t'JOHNSON. The chairman of the
committee is right in supposing, at least so
far as my information extends, that the mem-
bers of the committee, including himself, would
be willing to accept of this amendment it it
was at once to secure the passage of the bill.
In givin" my assent, however, it was not be-
cause I believed it was necessary or even
advisable. Looking at the peculiar character
of the people who are to be called upon to decide
the question of convention or no convention.
