1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL C^LOBE.
157
the question whether the convention'shall sit.
That is the present proposition. Now, Mr.
President, my opinion is it is wholly unim-
portant whether this amendment be adopted
or not; and I think the country is not so stupid
as to suppose that because ther^is this apparent
popular element thrown into this movement,
it is therefore a popular movement; in other
words, that it secures the real voice of the peo-
ple, and that it will be a republican form of
government as coming from the people.
, The thing stands just in this way: we have
established over them a military government;
we have stripped them of the provisions of the
common law which secure to them the trial by
jury and other important rights ; and we now
say to them at the point of the bayonet, "Adopt
this constitution, or live under this militai-y
government." Itis wholly unimportant whether
they vote on the constitution, or the question
of their agreeing to this movement be post-
poned to a period when they can give a more
intelligent vote upon the constitution itself.
The whole thing is required of them. A free
voice of the people is impossible, and I would
not be willing that the vote should be taken
without expressing this opinion on the subject.
A discussion of the formation of a republican
government, of establishing free institutions,
of the right of the people to govern themselves,
of the right of the people to'decide their form
of government, seems to me to be absurd in
the presence of such movements as were inau-
gurated at the last session of Congress. It is
saying to the people of these States, 1 'Adopt a
constitution such as we suggest and require, or
live under a military government.''
I have given my support to the bill tis it came
fromthe committee, because I thinkthat almost
any form of State government where the' peo
pie are allowed to vote, where courts will be
returned to their jurisdiction, where the right
of trial by jury will be returned to the people
where the writ of habeas corpusviM be restored
to them, is better than the present condition
which we have established. I do not care a
farthing whether the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Missouri is adopted or rejected ; it is
wholly unimportant. It will mislead nobody.
It may produce difficulty in some localities.
It may get up a strife before the people are
prepared to act intelligently on the subject.
What voice do wo want? We want to know
the free voice of the people upon the constitu-
tion that is submitted as their form of govern-
ment. That is the only important question.
That question can only be submitted after the
convention has done its work and when the
constitution has been framed. When_ they
come to vote now, all they vote on is simply
this: are you willing to call a convention to
establish negro suffrage, or do you prefer to
live under a military government? That is
the question that is first presented. It is the
only question that they vote upon.
I think myself that this bill is more desirable
if the people will act upon it intelligently and
calmly and wisely, so far as it is possible for
them to do, than to live under the present di-
vided sort of government down there. We
have an unlawful government, a government
not lawful, and yet it is called a provisional
government. What that thing is will be sub-
mitted perhaps to the historians and the states-
men to follow us. What an unlawful govern-
ment, provisional in its character and having
some authority is, I cannot undertake to define ;
but that is the civil institution which the law
of last ses*on recognizes. The people are to
live, as matters now stand, in the southern
States under a provisional government,^ not a
lawful State government, and under a military
government. The provisional government may
exorcise such authority as the military govern-
ment allows to it. It may be very different in
the different States. I think it is the most
unfortunate sort of government that was ever
established on earth. If you have a straight
out despotism the people soon learn to know
what it is and become accustomed to the yoke
and do not care very much about it; but this
uncertain form of government, one thing one
year and quite a. different- thing the next year,
is certainly the most objectionable possible
form.
Then the questiou is submitted to the peo-
ple, "Will you have this or the other which
we now propose to you ; you may make a State
government provided you will make it accord-
ing to our pleasure?" That is what we now
propose. '' If you propose State governments
according to our pleasure it is all right. We
first submit the question to you, will you make
a State government according to the pleasure
of Congress?" They vote upon that; the
delegates are elected; and they form a consti-
tution according to the pleasure of Congress.
Then the people once more in the '-exercise of
their own freedom say, " We will do as Con-
gress says we shall do." That is the whole
of this business. It may result in good. It
cannot be worse than the present condition of
affairs. I shall be very glad when the people
there settle down upon something. I want to
see them represented here.
The Senator from New York asked the ques-
tion whether the people would starve less,
whether they would shiver in the cold for want
of clothing loss, if they were represented in
Congress. I did not know that it was unim-
portant to a Slate that she should berepresented
in the Congress of the United States until it was
thus presented by the Senator. Will the people
suffer less from poverty in the great State of New
York if they are not represented in the Senate?
And yet the distinguished Senator would say
to all of his people, " Fight to the death rather
than be stripped of your equal representation
in the Senate." Of course he would say that.
It is not a question of bread and butter; but it
is a: question of the right of the people to rep
resentation where their laws are made. It is
the greatest right that is enjoyed by any com-
munity in the world. The bill of last session
and this bill will establish in this country the
proposition that Congress may dictate to the
States the form and fashion of their State gov-
ernments, and when they make them to con-
form to the pleasure of Congress they shall
become valid, and when not according to the
easure of Congress they may be declared
illegal.
I have said thus much simply because some
of the argument assumed that this^ business,
when completed, would be the voice of the
people ; the constitutions when formed would
be their constitution, and not ours. I do not
so regard it; but I think it is better for the
people to organize, even under this, than to
live under the law that was passed at the last
session. So far as the particular proposition
that is now before us is concerned, in my judg-
ment, it is as unimportant as anything possibly
can be. , , , 0
Mr. HOWE. The point made by the Sena-
tor from Indiana [Mr. IIexdkxoks] against the
republican character of the governments re-
cently established for these southern commu-
nities, I think, is very well taken. I do not
think the government we have provided for
them in the recent act of Congress is repub-
lican. The mistake into which the Senator has
fallen, as I think, is in supposing that those gov-
ernments were made to take the place of re-
publican governments. The governments which
they take the place of are not republican. It
may be that they come a little nearer that char-
acter than those military authorities which we
have established there; but if they were nearer
republican in their character than the military
governments by which we have replaced them,
they were not so loyal as those by which we
have replaced them. We found the peopleot
those different States under governments which
did represent a considerable portion ol their
people; but then the portion of the people
which they represented was not the whole body
of the people; it was only a part, after all, and
that the rebel, the disloyal part. N ow, we have
replaced those governments representing only
a part of the people, and that the disloyal part,
by governments representing a fewer numbei
of the people, I must.confess,_ but then they
represent only the loyal. Pisloyal govern-
ments are removed to make place for loyal gov-
ernments, neither being republican in their
character. So much for that.
Now, Mr, President', as to the amendment'
pending, I wish to vote for it because I believ#
in it. It presents us no question of the estab-
lishing of governments by minorities. There ia
nothing of the kind. It does not make that possi-
ble. If there is a majority of the people in any
of these districts opposed to the government or
the constitution or the convention which this
bill provides, they can defeat it by going to the
polls and voting against it. But 1 have heard
since I have become a member of the Repub-
lican party a great deal said first and last about
the beauty of equal rights and of equal justice,
and I supposed there was some beauty in it
because I have heard so much said about it;
but you can never make me believe, I think,
that there is any equality of rights or of justice
in the proposition which makes the wishes of
the mail who stays at homo, plowing-upon his
farm or at work in his shop, countervail and
annul the wishes of the free elector who mounts
his horse or takes to the footpatli and goes to
the election and deposits his vote. That is
not equal right or equal justice, or if it be,
equal rights and equal justice are not the beau-
tiful commodities they have been cracked up
to be..
One word, sir, in reply to some remarks
which have been submitted with great forec by
the Senator from New York, if I supposed
that we were providing for aft election in any
of those communities in which slaves were to
go to the polls and deposit their votes with
masters, then 1 should feel with the Senator
from New York that there was a necessity for
some provision by which the master should be
compelled to let his slave go and vote. But I
do not perceive that to be the work in which
we are engaged. It seems to me that we are
opening an election at which only free men
are to be heard, an election at which tha
supreme law says that all men may vote.
True, some of them have been slaves; but they
are slaves no longer. If I supposed there
were to be remaining in those communities
any moral influence of any kind or measure,
any higher law than that which we enact, by
which the old master could keep his lormer
slave from the polls, I would not commit these
prerogatives of a State to any such community
under any such ciicumstances, and it ought
not to bo done. That is all I care to say on
this question.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am in favor of this amend-
ment as it is now proposed, and for this reason:
if in the outset, before any convention is held,
it is apparent that the majority of those who
vote are against a convention, it is certainly
useless to go through with the work of forming
a constitution that shall be submitted to the
people and then rejected. As the amendment
now stands, proposing that a majority of those
who vote snail decide the question whether a
convention be called or not, I am in favor of it.
Mr. President, for more than a year ptist the
Macedonian cry has come up to these Halls
from the white loyalists of the South and trom
the freedmen there, "Come and help us.' By
our recent legislation we have reiSnforced the
white loyalists by giving the right to vote to
the freedmen of the South, and m addition to
this we have giveii them the aid of the military
power of this Govern merit to protect them in
their rights. Sir, in voting to-day I have tried
to give such votes as should deprive the rebels,
those who have been making war upon these
white loyalists and these freedmen, of the
power to defeat the wishes of these men m
reconstructing these States. I desire that these
States shall be reconstructed and m the hands
of the loyal men there, white and black; and
for one,-1 shall give no vote here that will en-
able the rebels by staying away from the
polls or otherwise to defeat the will ot the ma-
jority of the loyal men there. I desire that as
soon as possible this military government shall
