1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
v/ard. We were, and should have been, per-
fectly safe on that. Wo could know how that
constitution was adopted, whether regularly or
irregularly; if irregularly, whether in such a
mode that we could waive the irregularity,
which we would have a perfect right to do; or
whether it had provisions in it that prevented
our acceptance and adoption of it. It would
have been all in our power, perfectly so.
But, sir, we are not content with that. In-
stead of leaving it to the people to work the
matter out in their own way, as I would be per-
fectly willing to do_, retaining the power of
supervision, we gc^further and say, this mili-
tary government which we send there shall take
the initiative, and not only take the initiative,
but shall govern all the details and settle the
manner in which that is to be done. Now, sir,
you see the danger of this. I see it, or I think
I do. They are not a people satisfied, or likely
to be satisfied, with what we do. The large
majority of the white population, probably nine-
teen twentieths of them, are disposed to find
fault with everything we do, disposed to place
themselves, if not in an attitude of rebellion, in
an attitude of hostility; and I think it becomes
us to look well that we give no proper occasion,
and not only no proper occasion, but no plausi-
ble occasion for accusations of that kind that
may be made against us.
Hence, sir, the proposition which I submit-
ted to the Senate, and which I do not mean to
argue again since the Senate have decidedly
rejected it. The proposition,, was founded on
the idea that there should be no ground of
complaint; that the men who went out should
be the men who should ask to come in ; that
those who complained the loudest should bo
those who should ask us to take them back;
so that it would not lie in their mouths in any
shape or form to say afterward that there had
been any military force brought to bear upon
them, for they were to be left to do as they
pleased with regard to the matter; but on the
ground (although I did not agree with the rea-
son) that that would be leaving our friends
thereat the mercy of their enemies in this mat-
ter of voting in this particular question, the
Senate decided that they would not take that
idea. Had they taken it I would have voted
against this proposition, because we should
have taken away all sort of pretense of com-
plaint that a military government had forced
on the people there what the people were not
willing to receive.
But the Senate rejected it, and the same dif-
ficulty occurs to me again. This military gov-
ernment which we send there we not only call
upon to take charge of and protect the peo-
ple, but we call upton that military government
to direct all the civil affairs of that people in
the operation of framing a constitution and
establishing a State government. We go fur-
ther than the original idea of the act of last
session, which, in my judgment, was a proper
idea, and expose ourselves to the very charge
that has been made against this Administra-
tion, of framing a government by a minority,
and putting the people in those States in the
hands of a minority.
Now, sir, I want to guard against that, and
that is my only reason. I wish to have some-
thing on the record -which will show that the
majority of that people have decided that they
will have a convention.
Mr. HOWE. Every man has a right to
vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly every
man has a right, to vote against it; but if there
is to be a vote for it, if the convention is to
meet, and if a constitution is to follow, and that
constitution is to be adopted, framed as it is
under the direction and almost under the con-
trol of the military which we send there, 1
wish to have it to say most distinctly and di-
rectly that a majority of those people have
decided that question, and not leave it to a
mere vote of a majority of those who do vote,
and have it thrown in our teeth afterward that
it was done under the lear of the military.
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 11.
That, sir, is my only reason for having voted
as I have voted, and as T propose to vote.
I do not like the principle; but it must be
remembered that this is an anomalous case,
anomalous in all respects; in the first place,
anomalous and strange from the particular cir-
cumstances in which those people are placed;
in the next place, anomalous and strange in
the fact that all is to be done under the control
of the military government which we send
down to direct their affairs. It is the part of
wise meft to shun the appeaiflnce of evil, and
I do not wish to have even a pretense upon
which it can be said that we have exercised
an undue control, and that the expression of
the polls is not the expression of the people
themselves who are to be affected by what is
to be done.
As to this argument that the minority can
defeat the majority, I cannot see any particu-
lar force in it; and why? Because if those
people want it they can say so; if they do not
want it they can stay at home ; it will be per-
fectly well understood. If, as my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wit.sox] says, everybody
is likely to bo in favor of it down there, all the
colored people, all the white Union people,
and a very large proportion of those who were
rebels, there is 110 difficulty in their expressing
their opinions on the subject at the polls; and
a minority staying away, if a majority go to
the polls and vote for a convention, will not
affect the question one way or the other. I see
no difficulty in that respect; and with regard
to that which seems to trouble the mind of my
friend from Indiana sin the subject, I am per-
fectly willing to meet my constituents or any-
body else's constituents upon that question,
and tell them why I did it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. T11UMBULL. On thht I suppose wo
had better have the yeas and nays.
Mr. OONKLING._ I thought you took the
other as a test question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did ; but I find some
Senators voted fox a reconsideration in order
to have a direct vote on the question itself.
I have been so informed by a member of the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have paired off on this
question with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson.] He would have voted in favor'
of the amendment and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler. Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Edmunds, Fcssenden, Howard, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Pomeroy, Sumnci, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Conness, Cra-
srin, Drake, Terry, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Hendricks, Howe, Morton, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Thavcr, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wilfey, and Williams—2'J.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Johnson, Norton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Riddle, Saukbury, and Spraguc—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend r
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest that the question
is now to be taken on my amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Missouri the question now will be on an
amendment to that amendment which I am
about to propose.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg pardon ; I thought
the Senator was going to offer another propo-
sition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as the Senate
has proceeded to consider this amendment in
this way, perhaps not strictly in order, I pro-
pose to add the following words, merely the
proviso which was agreed to before:
Prwided further, That such convention shall not
be held unless a majority of all such registered voters
shall have voted on the question of holding such eon-
vention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest whether it is
now in order to move to amend the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate has proceeded
to consider the question of amending this very
amendment, and it is a little late for Senators
now to raise the question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
no question raised on the last amendment.
Perhaps that was not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good, sir; I can
move it after the amendment is adopted. I
merely followed the practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to amend
the amendment reported by the committcc by
adding immediately after the amendment just
adopted the following proviso:
Provided further, That such convention shall not
bo held unless a majority of all sueh registered voters
shall have voted on the question of holding such con-
vention.
Mr. CONNESS. Is not that the same ques-
tion we have just voted upon?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. The same in substance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will explain that this
amendment is a mere coincident to the one that
the Senate by a large majority has agreed to in
the other part of the bill. I presume there
will be no objection to it. There ought not to
be, certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to say
that this is precisely the vote we have voted
upon, with this difference: if a majority of
the registered persons can by any means be
kept away from this election, the constitution
is defeated. I look upon all these movements
as obstacles to reconstruction, as obstacles in
the way of carrying out the legislation of Con-
gress. This holds out an encouragement to
those who wish to defeat the action of Con-
gress to stay away and take no part in these
proceedings except to have their names regis-
tered. if you cannot get enough to register to
constitute a majority who do not desire any
action to take place, all they have to do is to
keep away from the polls, take no part in the
formation of the government. This is the same
thing as requiring a majority of all the registered
voters to vote in favor of calling the conven-
tion, because it requires that a majority shall
vote upon that question, and encourages every-
body who wants to defeat the object to stay
away from the polls.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The force of thai argu-
ment may be best illustrated by this very body.
We require every day a majority of the body
to vote upon every question; and yet one half
of that majority and one over controls the legis-
lation of the Senate every day. Now, then, is
it any argument against having a majority of
the Senate here acting that we are to require
only one over a half of that majority to act?
Is it any argument in favor of a Senate coin-
posed of only a quarter of its number that only
a quarter are necessary to control its action
when a majority are here? It is certainly a
new argument if it be one ; and one that the
public in forming constitutions and requiring
majorities to act one way or the other ou^ht
to have discovered before this time.
Now, the proposition is to set up governments
in the^e States. How are they to_ be set up?
Are they to be set up by our will, independent
of the will of the people over whom they are to
operate, and whose lives and property are to bo
affected by their administration, or are they
to be set up by the concurrent will of the rep-
resentatives of the people here and of the peo-
ple themselves there? That is the question.
I take it we shall all agree that they are to be
set up by the concurrent will; that it must not
only be our will and our wish as representing
the nation, but that these local governments,
if they deserve the name of governments in any
