162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
form or pretense or pretext free at all, must
bo local governments thatare acted for or upon
at least by a majority of the people over whom
they are to operate.
Now, how are you to get at the opinion of
that majority ? How are you to find out whether
the majority of that people are willing or un-
willing to have the particular kind of govern-
ment which may be produced for them ? The
Senator says if people, after being registered,
will not go and vote against having a partic-
ular form of government, then a dozen men
in any State may set up one for them. Is
there any more strength in that argument than
there is in the reverse of it, that it' a majority
of the people are not willing to come out and
act one wa3' or the othe'r the government shall
not be instituted ? Is-it to be assumed that the
votes on this question are to be all one way for :
a convention, or all against a convention? I j
take it not.
Xow, then, it will certainly be a startling
proposition for the people of this country,
when they reflect upon it, and we shall hear
of it again, if it be said, in addition to what
has been said by my friend from Maine, that
at the point of the bayonet we not only enforce
order and security there, which was what we
began to do, but impose upon that people,
good, bad, and indifferent, the black man and
the loyal white man and the ex-rebel, to call
him such, and the present rebel, if there be
any such there, and I suspect there are—im-
pose upon all that community, operating upon
all of them alike, a government which is to be
set up by less than a majority of the loyal peo-
ple themselves, who are called upon to act
upon it; and not only set up by less than a
majority, but set up by our express vote, by
refusing a provision of this kind, by less than
a majority acting either way. -Any number,
however small, are to be authorized to set up
these governments ; and when this convention
is called it will be noticed that the duty by this
law is imposed upon it imperatively to frame a
constitution, not, as is usual in the case of or-
dinary conventions, being left free to deliberate
whether they can agree upon a constitution or
not, or whether they can frame one which they
think ought to be submitted to the people, but
they shall form a constitution which shall be
sent to the people. Having said that, ought
we not to take this little precaution of requir-
ing that, of those who have taken the oath and
been registered, a majority shall act, as we are
required here to act, upon that question? I
did not intend to have said a word, because I
supposed the question was settled. [ have
only said this in justice to myself in reply to
my friend from Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Anywhere else than in
the Senate I should think it unreasonable, after
such a protracted discussion of these subjects,
to represent and rediscuss a question that is
on the surface, that can be understood by the
reading of it. I think we ought to come to a
vote on the questions involved in this bill. If
it is the pleasure of the Senate to adopt this
proposition, I am perfectly satisfied with it.
If it is not, then I think when the Senate says
so it ought to be considered as decided. This
thing of sitting here all night and acting in a
circle is not very agreeable.
Mr. WILLIAMS. "Swinging around the
circle."
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is about as agree-
able as that was. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate adopted this
very amendment in another part of the bill by
a large majority.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then why offer it
again?
Mr. EDMUNDS. So as to apply it to this
proposition which is now for the first time
introduced into the beginning of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. To make it harmonious.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then if the Senate
have agreed to it, I do not care about it one
way or the other ; I am perfectly satisfied. If
the Senate have agreed to it let us adopt it.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. The Senate has not
agreed to it..
Mr. HENDRICKS. But this thing of re-
discussing a question I am tired of.
Mr. HOWARD. The object which has
been had in view by Senators who have sought
to amend this bill as it came from the hands
of the Judiciary Committee, has been to get
some security in the form of the expression of
the will of the majority of the people of the
rebel States showing their willingness to come
back into the UBion. That has been my great
object, and I believe that has been the great
object of other members who have sought to
introduce amendments.
Now, sir, the Senator from Illinois tells ns,
for the renth time at least, that he looks upon
all such propositions as this as obstacles to
reconstruction, as if we were under some great
and obvious obligation to pass some act for
the reconstruction of the rebel States and
their immediate admission into the Union.
Sir, I acknowledge no such obligation. I ac-
knowledge only the obligation which we have
assumed upon ourselves in the form of the stat-
ute which we passed this present month. That
I have often said I am willing to carry out
faithfully according to its true spirit and in-
tent. What is that., sir? That statute holds
out this proposition to the people of the rebel
States:
That when the people of any of said rebel States
shall have formed a constitution and form ol govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States in all respects, framed by a conven-
tion of delegates elected bv the male citizens of said
State twenty-one years old and upward, &e.
Who are meant by "the people'' of the
rebel States, according to the clause winch I
have read from this statute ? Does it mean to
include a minority only of the people of those
States? Did we say to the people of the rebel
States, "A minority of your own numbers shall
have authority to form a constitution?" No,
sir; our language is "the people" of those
States ; and we then proceed in the same clause
to define what we mean by the people of those
States, to wit; every male citizen twenty-one
years old and upward, of whatever color lie
maybe. W'e included in the tenn "people''
both blacks and-whites who have reached
the age of majority, and we intended that all
those people should have an opportunity to
participate, in some form, upon this great
question of forming a constitution by which
they could secure their readmission into the
Union. We meant that, and we meant noth-
ing less and nothing else : and now wo are told
by the Senator from Illinois and those who
adhere to the principles of his bill that a mere
minority of the people themselves, constituting
a majority of those actually voting upon this
most important question, will answer the re-
quirements of the bill, and that this will be
entirely republican.
Sir, I am opposed to this minority principle
entirely.^ What we have a right to require as
a preliminary is an expression of the people
of the rebel States upon the question of their
willingness to form a constitution and to be
readmitted upon it into the Union ; and I insist
that that is the greatest security we can take.
Suppose there is a majority of them unwilling
to come back into the Union, unfriendly to the
Union, disposed to throw it off again, and to
seize upon the first opportunity to wage war
against it, or to avail themselves of any oppor-
tunity that may offer to escape from its author-
ity and form an independent government, as
they endeavored to do in 1861, will the Sen-
ator from Illinois say that such a community,
with such a majority, is fit to bo readmitted
into the Union? Will he say there is no dan-
ger in admitting such a political community?
Certainly I think he will not; and that is the
very point upon which I contest this question.
That is the fundamental principle. If a ma-
jority of them arc willing; if a majority are
loyal; if a majority of them will take the oath
which ia prescribed in this bill—a majority of
the whole ppople—then I shall be prepared to
say it is time to think about reconstruction for
that particular State; but'until that prelim-
inary question is satisfactorily settled by some
provision of law, I can assure th'e ardent Sen-
ator from Illinois, who accuses u'9 of being
opposed to reconstruction, that I shall vote
against all his projects of reconstruction.
I do not wish to expose my country to the
trials she has undergone during the last four
or five years by this unnecessary and impru-
dent haste which seems to actuate the Senator
from Illinois. Let us act wisely, circumspectly,
and seize upon every reasonable security within
our reach before we attemgt to take this most
important step of admitting rebel communities
again into Congress. T think, sir, that the
statute itself to which I have referred plainly
contemplates—I so understood it—that when
this business of reconstruction is to be launched
in the rebel States it shall only be carried
forward in those States where there is a ma-
jority of the people, black and white, in favor
of reconstruction and readmission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan tells us he was in favor of the reconstruc-
tion bill passed at the last session of Congress.
That reconstruction bill, in its very words,
says that the constitution shall be submitted
to the people and ratified by a majority of those
voting upon it 
Mr. HOWARD. I did not say anything to
the contrary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator to vote here to-night to require something
more than that. I understood him to vote for
a proposition offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont, that it should be something more than
that. Will he now undertake to fall back
upon the bill which he repudiates? Let us
see what the bill to which he is committed
himself says:
And when such constitution shall be ratified by
a majority of the persons voting on the question of
ratification  
'Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not inconsistent
with this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is inconsistent
with this, because you say that a majority of
those voting on the ratification of the consti-
tution shall not be sufficient unless they con-
stitute more than half of all the registered
voters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This proposition does
not say any thing of the kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The propostion that
the Senator offered says that very thing, if I
understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you do not under-
stand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I do not under-
stand it. I ask the Secretary to be kind enough
to send me the bill under consideration, with
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
which was adopted, to the fourth section.
[After receiving the bill.] This is the amend-
ment which has the sanction of the Senator
from Michigan, and which the Senator from
Vermont says makes no such requirements
as 1 have stated :
The constitution shall be ratified by a majority of
the votes of the electois, qualified as herein speci-
fied, cast at said elections, at leastone half of all tho
registered voters voting upon the question.
At least one half of all the registered voters
must vote upon the question. But what did
your reconstruction bill say? It said that if a
majority of those voting upon itr whether they
were half of the registered voters or not, voted
for it, you would accept it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was silent on that
point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It said it would accept
it. It was not silent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it is silent on the
point as to how many shall vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course; but it is
silent also as to requiring a great many other
things. When the Congress of the United
States said in its law that if a majority of those
voting on the question vote in favor of it we
would receive it, because it does not say any-
