1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
tiling more and is silent as to other things have
you a right to make other requirements? Any
requirement beyond this is inconsistent with
this. Why, sir, if you have the right, after
having said that if a majority shall vote in
favor of the adoption of the constitution of
those who do vote, Congress will receive it, so
far as that question is concerned; if you have
>s right to go on and say that it shall not be
received unless a majority of all the registered
persons vote, you have a right to say it shall
not be received unless nine tenths of all the
registered persons vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any distinction
between that and requiring this oath?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably there
is a distinction between that and requiring an
oath. The oath that we have required is not
inconsistent with the provisions in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You prescribe, that the
voter shall have another qualification beside
being a citizen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That he shall take this
oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This oath is only the
evidence of the requirements of the bill. Does
the Senator from Vermont mean to say that
when we say in an enabling act to a people,
"You may form a constitution and adopt it
by a majority of those voting on it," we have
a right afterward, because we did not say in
it " We will not require anything else," to
make other requirements?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will allow
me, I mean to say that in passing an act such
as we did at the last session and this one we
now propose to supplement, we have a perfect
authority in law, in justice, in morals, and in
expediency to make any alteration that it
seems fit to us now to make by adding to it,
changing it or doing any other thing that ex-
pediency or justice, as now developed, require
us to do. That is what 1 mean to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can understand that
position. The Senator from Vermortt means
to say that we have a right to disregard^ the
legislation of the last session and change it as
expediency shall seem to us to justify. That
is perfeelly well understood; but that is not
the position in which the Senator from Mich-
igan placed himself. He put himself in the
position of denouncing as a minority proposi-
tion one which requires a majority of those
voting on the question only, and not a major-
ity of those registered. That was the provis-
ion of his own bill that he supported.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask him whether
when he reported this bill he did not under-
stand himself as reporting that on the adop-
tion of the constitution a majority of the regis-
tered votes should be required?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to ask
tlie further question: did he understand him-
self when he was doing that and supporting
that idea that he was obstructing reconstruc-
tion, which he now accuses everybody else of?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the bill
•to require a majority of all those registered to
vote m favor of the ratification. That was the
House bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator so re-
ported.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
you not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, then,_ I should
I reported the House
And agreed to it, did
like to ask the other question: whether he
understood himself when he favored that and
sustained it that he was obstructing recon-
struction?
Mr TRUMBULL. No, sir, I did not under-
stand that I did that with any purpose of ob-
structing reconstruction. I thought it was a
bad provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senatorshould
not impute that purpose to others who have the
same idea now. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That provision of the
bill I voted to change. It was thought best in
committee not to do it j and I was^for carrying
out the views of the committee. _ The Senate,
however, did not agree with me m that. I was
for making it specific and having it understood.
The Senate, however, determined by a decided
vote to change that. And now, when an attempt
is made by indirection, to arrive at the same
thing which the Senate has voted down, and I
find the Senator from Michigan placing it on
the ground that it is a minority proposition
and a thing he is utterly opposed to, I think I
have a right to call his attention to the act of
last session to show that it is in perfect har-
mony with the bill which he supported. That
is what I mean to say.
I look upon this proposition as submitted by
the Senator from Vermont as very objection-
able, because it seems to me to hold out an
encouragement to stay :iw;v,r from the polls. I
think the object should be to induce everybody
to go to the polls. I would rather have the
struggle there. I would rather say to the peo-
ple of the South, "A majority of those voting
upon this question will settle it, and therefore
all of you go there and vote."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose there is not
more than a baker's dozen of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will be an in-
ducement to them when this is to decide the
question. Even those opposed to the forma-
tion of a constitution and government will go
there to vote it down. But when you say that
their votes will have more weight by staying
away than they will by going you encourage
them not to go, and they have more weight
just in that proportion which the whole num-
ber of those who could vote exceeds the num-
ber of tlios^ who actually do vote;^ and we nil
know that the number who arc entitled to vote
is always larger than the number who actually
do vote. But, sir, I hope we may have a vote
on this question. I do not wish to argue it.
I only desired to put myself right, and to meet
these accusations that somebody is for a minor-
ity government.
Mr. MORTON'. I am advised that there
are other amendments to be offered to this
bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote on this.
Mr. MORTON. ' I will wait until a vote is
taken on the pending amendment. 1 shall
then make a motion to adjourn until Mon-
day morning at ton o'clock. We cannot get
through to-night.
Mr. T LtUMBULL and others. We can get
through to-night as well as any other time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays ,18; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony. Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Omiklmg, Coibett, JidmuiuR. J;cs-
RonJon, Howard, Howe, Morgan, MoiriU oi Maine,
Morrill ot Vermont, Nve, Patterson ol New Hamp-
shire, Sumner,Thayer,Wade,Wilson, and xates ~t.
NAYS—Me&sis. Oattell, Conncss, Crasin, Drake,
Ferry, JfroUughuysen, Harlan, Hendricks, Johnson,
Morton, Ramsey, lloss, Stewart, lipton, irumbull,
Van Winkle, Willcy. and Williams—18.
ABSENT'—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowlei,
Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Norton, 1 attorson of
Tennessee, 1'omeroy, Kiddle, Saulsburj, Sherman,
and Sprague—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I now move that the Senate
adjourn until Monday morning at ten o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
will now vary his motion and move an adjourn-
ment simply. „ ,
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not. ,
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 14, noes 19.
Mr. HOWARD.' If it is in wder, I offer at
this time the form of' oath which I suggested
while we were in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It wii
in order.
It will be
I hope it will be read by
Mr. HOWARD
the Secretary.
Mr. CONNESS. The whole Senate under-
stand it, and I hope we shall vote upoa it with-
out reading it now. We have voted once upon
it.
Mr. HOWARD. It is possible that there
may be some gentlemen present who did not
hear it read before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The Secretary road the amendment, which
was to strike out the form of oath prescribed
in the first section and to insert the following
in lieu thereof:
X do solemnly swear in the presence of Almighty
God, tliat 1 am a citizen of the State of   , that I
have resided in said State for months next pre-
ceding this day, and now reside in the county of
or the parish of   in said State,_ (as trio
  or me pansu oi   m aaiu kjuato, vu-a
case may be;) that I am twenty-one years old; that
I have not been disfranchised for participation in
any rebellion or civil war against, the United States,
nor lor felony committed against the lp,ws of any
State or of the United States; tliatlliavonever taken
an oath as a member of Congress of the United States
or as an officer of tho United States, or as a member
of any State Legislatures, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State to support tho Constitution
of tho United States, and afterward engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States, or
given aid or comfort to tho enemies thereof; that I
will faithfully support tho Constitution and obey tho
laws of tho United States, and will, to the best of my
ability, encourage others so to do: so help mo trod.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire of the Clerk
whether the words "or affirm" are in the
amendment after the word "swear?"
The Secretary. They are not.
Mr. HOWARD. They ought to be there,
and I wish to have tliem inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
words will be inserted.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I wish simply to say that I
voted against this amendment when it was nf>
before; I came into the Senate Chamber, and .
without understanding the pending question
cast my vote and immediately retired on busi-
ness. I think I was mistaken; I shall change
my vote now, and vote for it.
Mr. HOWARD. _ I beg simply to say, with-
out spending any time on this subject, that in
that form of oath is embodied a succinct and
clear statement of all the qualifications neces-
sary for a voter under the act which we passed
this month. Instead of referring to a former
statute to ascertain the qualifications of voters,
they are all inserted in that form of the oath
briefly and clearly. .
Mr. JOHNSON. And that oath is to be
administered to all the black voters, I under-
stand.
Tlie question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2G, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling.Cor-
bott. Cratcin, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, lowlcr,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pa tterson of New
Hampshire, Ramsey, ltoss, Sumner, lhayor, lipton,
Wade, Wilson, and Yates—26.
N 4.YS—Messrs. Anthony, Uuckalew. Cattcll. Cole,
Conncss, Ferry, Frelinghuysen. Hendricks, Jo""8™'
Sherman, Stowai;t, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vi lliey,
alABSBNT—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Grimes,
Guthiie, Henderson, Norton,Patterson ofTennessee,
Poineroy, Kiddle, Saulsbury, and Sprague—1-.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. "DRAKE. I wish now to offer the amend-
ment that I offered in committee in relation to
the vote by ballot, which the Secretary has on
k'lfcVuMNER! I think we had better ad-
journ. ["Oh, no.' ]
Mr. TIPTON. I move an adjournment.
Mr." DRAKE. I think we can have a vote
in a very fetv moments.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
. ment now proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri will be read.
