164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to amend the [fourth] fifth section bj add-
ing the following proviso:
Provided, That no such constitution shall bo con-
sidered as entitling the Stato for which, it is framed
to such representation unless it provide that at al!
elections by the people for State, county, or municipal
officers the electors shall vote by ballot.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not propose to make
any remarks in regard to this amendment. I
simply ask a vote -upon it, and call for the yeas
and nays upon that vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Sumner, Tiiayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wade, and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey,
"Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Grimes,
Guthrie, Henderson, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomcroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Sprague—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. J move to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and on that question I
desire to say a word. I appeal to Senators to
consider for a moment what is done by that
amendment. I voted for it with a view to
make the motion to reconsider. We have in
all our legislation from the beginning ab-
stained from undertaking to dictate to a State,
after it was in the Union, as to the regulation
of the suffrage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this for putting it
into their constitution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is for putting it into
their constitution as a fundamental article that
there shall never be any other way of voting
except by ballot.
Mr. DRAKE. No, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (to the Secretary.) Let
me have the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. It does not say that there
shall never be any other way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see if it does
• not:
_ Provided, That no such constitution shall be con-
sidered as entitling the State for which it is framed
to such representation unless it provide that at all
elections by the people for State, county, or muni-
cipal officers the electors shall vote by ballot.
They must provide that in the constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state that when I voted for the
amendment I supposed it had reference sim-
ply to the voting on this constitution and con-
vention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is provided for in
the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I voted under a
misapprehension, and I am very glad the Sen-
ator has given me an opportunity to correct it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend a great
many Senators voted under a misapprehen-
sion ; but still the Senate seems disposed to
vote for amendments offered by anybody. I
notice that some Senators 
Mr. JOHNSON. Let us take a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; if the Sen-
ate understand the effect of it. My object in
voting as I did was to call the attention of the
Senate to it a second time. This was voted
down once when offered in committee ; but it
is offered here to-night again, and on a yea and
nay vote it receives a majority, departing from
our reconstruction bill, putting in a new con-
dition that must be in their constitutions, that
none of these States shall be entitled to repre-
sentation until they provide in their constitu-
tions that the mode of voting shall be by bal-
lot. If the majority think proper to vote that
way so be it-
Mr. YATES. I understood this amendment,
and I understood it to mean precisely what my
colleague says ; and I undertake to say we have
just as much power and the same right under
the Constitution to say that voting shall be by
ballot as to say that these States shall provide
in their constitutions that negroes shall vote ait
all.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course.
Mr. YATES. Itisprecisely the same power.
We have long since yielded the point that Con-
gress has the power to prescribe terms to these
southern States. My colleague has come to
the ground that was maintained a year ago by
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts and myself, that
Congress had the power to declare who should
be voters in these rebel States, and I say in all
the States of the Union. We have, at any rate,
the same power to provide that the voting shall
be by ballot as we have to say that negroes shall
vote at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
consider this so much a question of power as
a question of expediency and good faith. At
the last session of Congress we adopted a bill
in which we provided that upon certain terms
and conditions these States should be entitled
to representation in Congress, and now we pro-
pose to add another condition, and we propose
to make the mere mode of voting a question
upon which shall turn tlfe restoration of this
Union. Can we afford to stand upon that
ground? Can we defend ourselves upon the
ground that a State, because the people may
not see proper to adopt a certain mode of vot-
ing, shall not be entitled to representation in
Congress or to be regarded as a member of
this Union? I say that, it seems to me, is
putting this great question of reconstruction
upon a very small and narrow ground; and if
we adopt this proposition, then we may pro-
ceed and adopt others, and wo may proceed to
specify in detail every provision which one of
these State constitutions shall contain, and
then hold up to them the solemn mockery that
they are to frame a constitution when we pro-
ceed to prescribe in detail every provision
which the constitution shall contain.
Now, sir, we have required, for the sake of
protecting the rights of the people that the
constitution shall contain certain^great funda-
mental principles; but I deny that it is expe-
dient or just that we should now proceed and
require that their constitutions should contain
certain forms and modes of transacting their
business within their States. It seems to nie
that is trifiing to some extent with those peo-
ple. One day we adopt a law and the next
day we tinker it up. We one day prescribe
certain conditions and send forth to those
people a proclamation that if they will comply
with certain terms and conditions they shall
be received back into the Union; and then,
when they begin to exhibit a disposition to
comply with the terms and conditions that we
have proposed, before they can make a fair
and reasonable start, we add another condition,
and so we pile condition upon condition ; and
where is this thing to stop? Can these people
depend upon anything we say or do in refer-
ence to this matter? Do we not furnish them
with an argument to say, "If we do comply
with these conditions you now propose, to-
morrow or next week or next month you will
add other terms and conditions, and it is in
vain for us to try to seek readmission into the
Union, for it is manifest that your object is, by
adding terms to terms, to protract and to per-
petuate this division in the country?" Now,
sir, I say that good faith demands that we
should adhere substantially to the provisions
of the act we passed at_the last session, and
that we should not attempt to make this great
question of reconstruction, upon which the
hopes and the happiness of the millions and the
prosperity of this country depend, to turn upon
a mere question as to whether the people shall
vote in a certain manner in those States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the argu
ment of the Senator from Oregon proceeds on
the theory that this is a little question. He
belittles it and then puts it aside. He treats
it as a question of form and then scorns it.
Sir, it may be a question of form, but it is a
form which is vital to the substance; it is
vital to that very suffrage which the Senator
undertakes to vindicate. Does the Senator
know that at this moment the great question
which tries British reformers is this question
of the ballot? To that our heroic friend in
England, John Bright, has dedicated his life.
He is seeking to give the people of England
vote by ballot. Ho constantly looks to our
country for the authority of a great example ;
and now the Senator from Oregon seeks to
overturn that example. I will not, by my vote,
consent to any such thing. I wish to reenforee
the liberal cause, not only in my own country,
but everywhere throughout the world; and
that cause, I assure you, is staked in part on
this very question. No, sir; it is not a small
question ; it cannot be treated as trivial; it is
a great question. Call it if you please a ques-
tion of form, but it is so closely associated
with substance that it becomes itself substance.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not
recede from the generous and patriotic vote
that it has already given. I hope that it will
stand firm by one of the truest principles of
republican institutions. Ask any student of
republican institutions now what is one of the
admitted triumphs of those institutions, and
he must confess it is vote by ballot. There
can be no doubt about it. Do not dishonor
that vote ; declare that it shall be embodied in
the constitutions of all those rebel States. The
Senator from' Oregon raises no question of
power. Congress has the power. That is
enough. You must exercise it.
Mr. STEWART. There are a great many
things these people ought to put into their
constitutions which are matters of substance.
I presume they ought to provide in their con-
stitutions for a judiciary system ; I presume
they ought to provide in their constitutions for
a Legislature ; I presume they ought to provide
various otherthingsintheirconstitutions. The
question is shall we make an entire constitu-
tion for them because there are material things
which it is proper to put into the constitution.
I belier.e most of these ten States vote by bal-
lot. I know of only one, Virginia, that votes
viva voce.
Mr. CONNESS. Kentucky votes viva voce.
Mr. STEWART. Kentucky is not provided
for in this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can state how that is.
In the States of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, and Texas votes are
given by ballot. By the constitution of Arkan-
sas all elections were required to take place
viva voce; but it was changed to the ballot by
an act of November 23, 1846. In Virginia all
elections are viva voce.
Mr. STEWART. So that there is no great
departure from this ballot system in the ten
States. This requirement is, then, not called
for by any great violation of the republican
principle. Nine of the ten States do it now
and will continue to do it undoubtedly, and
Virginia very likely will change her constitu-
tion and adopt that form, so that there is not
even a pretense of necessity for Congress acting
a part which will be regarded as bad faith. If
we put in this bill before it is acted upon
in the South new conditions in addition to
the machinery we propose to provide, if we
say now in this bill "You shall not come in
upon the terms we have offered," we shall
subject ourselves to the charge of trifling.
We shall lose more than we shall gain by im-
posing this condition upon Virginia, thereby
adding a condition that there is no apparent
necessity for, violating our solemn pledge that
we made at the last session. By this course
we shall put an argument in the mouths of our
enemies that our object is to embarrass recon-
struction ; and if the Union party goes before
the country with that charge made upon grounds
that can be sustained, I fear the result. If
there is to be obstruction, let it come from
rebels; but let us act in good faith; let us
abide by our pledges; and if failure comes, let
it come from broken pledges on the other side;
and the same Union party that has stood by
us heretofore will ever stand by us. The
terms that we have offered to the South are
fair and just and liberal; they are indorsed
by the country; and it is better to stand where
