166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
   •_7
tho United States; and whereas the inhabitants of
these States made war upon the United States, and
after many battles finally surrendered, under the
rules and usages of war; and whereas the inhabit-
ants of these States, at the time of tlieir surrender,
were without legal State governments, and, as a rebel
population, were without authority to form legal
State governments, or to cxereise any other political
funclions belonging to loyal citizens, and they must
so continue until relieved of such disabilities by the
law-making power of theUntted States; and whereas
it belongs to Congress, in the discharge of its duties
under the Constitution, to secure to each of these
States a republican form of government and to pro-
vide for the restoration of each to practical relations
with the_ Union: and whereas until these things are
done it is important that provisional governments
should be established in these States with legal power
to protect good citizens in tbe enjoyment of their
rights and to watch over the formation of State gov-
ernments, so that the same shall be truly loyal and
republican: Therefore.
With this preamble, which exhibits precisely
the necessity and reasons of reconstruction,
the bill begins by declaring that the provisional
governments shall convene on the fourth Mon-
day after its passage, and shall continue until
superseded by permanent governments created
by the people of these States respectively and
recognized by Congress as loyal and repub-
lican. It then establishes an executive power
in each State, vested in a governor appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and not to be removed
except by such advice and consent. The legis-
lative power is vested in the governor and in
thirteen citizens, called a legislative council,
appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and not to be removed except
by such advice and consent. All these being
officers of the United States, must, take the test
oath prescribed a! ready by act of Congress; and
the bill adds a further oath, to maintain a repub-
lican form of government, as follows:
X do hereby swear (or affirm) that I will at all
times use my best endeavors to maintain a repub-
lican form of government in the Slate of which I
am an inhabitant and in the Union of the United
Slates; that I will recognize the indissoluble unity
of the Republic, and will discountenance and resist
any endeavor to bi ea k a way or secede from the Union;
that I will give my influence and vore !o strengthen
and sustain the national crcdit; that I will discoun-
tenance and resist every attempt, dtrcctly or indi-
rectly, to repudiate or postpone, in any part or in any
way. the debt which was contractcd by the United
States in subduing the late rebellion, or the o',liga-
tions assumed to the Union soldiers; that X will dis-
countenance and resist every attempt to induce the
United Slates or any State to assume or pay any debt
or obligation incurred in aid ot rebellion against the
United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipa-
tion or any slave; that I will discountenance and re-
sist all laws making any distinction of race or color;
that I will give my support to education and the dif-
fusion of knowledge by public schools open to all,
and that in all wavs I will strive to maintain a State
government completely loyal to thcUnion, where all
men shall enjoy equal protection and equal i ights.
I know well the whole history of oaths, and
how often they are the occasions of perjury by
the wholesale. But I cannot resist the conclu-
sion that at this moment, wlicu we aie taking
securities for the future, we ought to seize tbe
opportunity of impressing upon the people these
fundamental principles on which alone our
Government can stand. You may cxclude
rebels, but their children, who are not excluded,
have inherited the rebel spirit. .The schools
and colleges of the South have been nurseries
of rebellion. I would exact from all who seek
the public service, or even the elective fran-
chise, a pledge to support a republican gov-
ernment ; and to make this pledge perfectly
clear, so that all may understand its extent, [
would enumerate the points which are essen-
tial. If a person cannot give this pledge he
ought to take no part in reconstruction. He
must stand aside.
From this requirement the bill proceeds to
enumerate certain classes who shall be excluded
from office, and also from the elective fran-
chise. This is less stringent than what is known
as the Louisiana bill. It does not exclude
persons who have not held office, unless where
they have left their homes within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States and passed within the
rebel lines to give aid and comfort to the re-
bellion; or where they have voluntarily con-
tributed to any loan or securities for the benefit
of any of the rebel States or the central gov-
ernment thereof; or where as authors, pub-
lishers, editors, or as speakers or preachers,
they have encouraged the secession of any State
or the waging of war against the United States.
The bill then provides for executive and ju-
dicial officers and for their salaries under the
provisional governments; also for grand and
petit juries; also for a militia. But all offi-
cers, jurors, and militiamen, must take the
oath that they are not in the excluded classes,
and also the oath to support a republican form
of government.
The bill then annuls existing Legislatures ;
also the acts of conventions which framed ordi-
nances of secession and the acts of Legisla-
tures since, subject to certain conditions ; and
it provides that the judgments and decrees of
court, which have not been voluntarily execu-
ted and which have been rendered subsequent
to the date of the ordinance of secession, shall
be subject to appeal to the highest court in the
State organized after its restoration to the
Union. Safeguards like these seem to be essen-
tial to the protection of the citizen.
Besides these provisions, the bill does what
it can for education by requiring as follows;
That it shall be the duty of the governor and legis-
lative council in each of these States to establish
public schools which shall bo open to all without dis-
tinction of race or color, to the end that where suf-
frage is universal, education maybe universal also,
and the new governments find support in the intelli-
gence of the people.
Such is the outline of the provisional gov-
ernments. The bill then provides for perma-
nent governments truly loyal and republican.
For this purpose the governor must make a
registration of male citizens twenty-one years
of age, of whatever color, race, or former con-
dition, and on the completion of this register
shall invite all to take the oath that they are
not in the excluded classes, and also the oath
to maintain a republican form of government;
and if a majority of the persons duly registered
shall lake these oaths, then the Governor is to
order an election for members of a convention
to frame a State constitution. Nobody can
vote or sit as a member of the convention ex-
cept those who have taken the two oaths ; but
no person can be disqualified on account of
race or color. All persons qualified as voters
are eligible as members of the convention.
The constitution shall contain in substance
certain fundamental conditions, never to be
changed without the consent of Congress, as
follows:
First. That the Union is perpetual;
Secondly. That slavery is abolished ;
Thirdly. That there shall be no denial of
the elective franchise, or of any other right, on
account of race or color, but all persons shall
be equal before the law ;
Fourthly. That the national debt, including
the pensions and bounties to Union soldiers,
shall never be repudiated or postponed ;
Fifthly. That the rebel debt, whether con-
tracted by a rebel State or by thd'central gov-
ernment, shall never be recognized or paid,
nor shall any claim for the loss or emancipa-
tion of any slave, or any pension or bounty
for service ill the rebellion be recognized or
paid ; (
Sixthly. That public schools shall be estab-
lished which shall be open to all without dis-
tinction of race or color ;
Seventhly. That all the persons excluded
from office under this act shall be excluded by
the constitution until relieved from their disa-
bility by act of Congress.
The constitution must be ratified by the peo-
ple and submitted to Congress. If Congress
shall approve it as republican in form and shall
be satisfied that the people of the State are
loyal and well-disposed to the Union, the State
shall be restored to its former relations and the
provisional government shall cease.
Such is the bill which I should be glad to
press upon your attention, creating provisional
governments and securing permanent govern-
ments. It is not a military bill, and on this
account, in spirit and form, if not in sab-
stance, it might be preferred to that which you
have begun to sanction, Besides, it contains
abundant safeguards. I regret much that some-
thing like this cannot be adopted. It is with
difficulty that I renounce a desire long cher-
ished to see reconstruction under the super-
vision of Congress, according to the forms of
civil order, without the intervention of military
power. I am sure that such a bill would be
agreeable to the Unionists of the rebel States;
and this\vith me is a rule of conduct which I
am unwilling to disregard. They are without
representation in Congress. Let us be their
representatives. I hear their voices gathered
into one prayer. I cannot refuse to listen.
But if this bill cannot be adopted, then I ask
that you shall take at least one of its provis-
ions. Require free schools as an essential con-
dition of reconstruction. But I am met by the
objection that we are already concluded by the
military bill adopted a few days ago, so that we
cannot establish any new conditions. This is
a mistake. There is nothing in the military
bill which can have this interpretation. It is
only a few days old, so that whatever may be
its character, nothing is as yet fixed under its
provisions. It contains no compact, no prom-
ise, no vested right, nothing which may not be
changed if the pubiic interests require. There
are some who seem to insist that it is a strait-
jacket. On the contrary, this very bill asserts
in positive terms "the paramount authority of
the United States." Surely this is enough. In
the exercise of this authority, it is your duty to
provide all possible safeguards. This must be
done. To adopt a famiiiar illustration, theae
States "must be bound to keep the peace."
Nothing is more common after an assault and
battery. But this can be done only by good
laws, by careful provisions, bywise economies,
and securities of all kinds.
Sometimes it is argued that it is not permis-
sible to make certain requirements in the new
constitutions, although when the constitutions
are presented to Congress for approval we may
object lo them for the want of these very things.
For instance, it is said that we may not require
educational provisions in the new constitutions;
but that we.may object to the constitutions
when tlicy are formed, if they do not contain
this safeguard. This argument forgets the
paramount power of Congress over the rebel
States, which you have already exercised in
ordaining universal suffrage. Who can doubt
that, with equal reason, you may ordain uni-
versal education also? And permit me to say
that one is the complement of the other. But
I do not stop with this assertion as the power.
The argument that we are to wait until the
constitution is submitted for approval, is not
frank. I wish to be plain and explicit. We
have the power, assured by reason and prece-
dent. Exercise it. Seize the present moment.
Grasp the precious privilege. There«arc some
who act on the principle of doing as little as
possible. I would do as much as possible;
believing that all we do in the nature of safe-
guards must redound to the good of all and to
the national name. It is in this spirit that I
have now moved, to require a system of free
schools open to all without distinction of caste.
For this proposition I now ask your votes.
You have prescribed universal suffrage. Pre-
scribe now universal education. The power
of Congress is the same in one case as in the
other. And you are now under an equal ne-
cessity to exercise it. Votes by the hundred
thousand will exercise the elective franchise
for the first time, without deltfy or preparation.
They should be educated promptly. Without
education your beneficent legislation may be a
failure. The gift you bestow will be vain. I
was unwilling to make education the condition
of the suffrage; but I,ask that it shall accom-
pany and sustain the suffrage.
Mr. President, I plead now for Education.
Nothing can be more beautiful or more pre-
cious. Education decorates life, while it in-
creases all our powers. It is the charm of
society, the solace of solitude, and the multiple
of every faculty. It adds incalculably to the
resources of the individual and to tho resources
of the community. Careful inquiry has estab-
