1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
lislied what reason declared, that labor is pro-
ductive in proportion to its-education. There
is no art which it does not advance. There is
no form of enterprise which it does not en-
courage and charter. It brings victory, and
is itself the greatest of all victories.
In a republic Education is indispensable. A
republic without education is like the creature
of imagination, a human being without a soul,
living and moying blindly, with no just sense
of the present or the future. It is a monster.
Such have been the rebel States. They have
been for years nothing less than political mon-
sters. But such they must be no longer.
It is not too much to say that had these
States been more enlightened they would
never have rebelled. The Barbarism of Slavery
would have shrunk into insignificance, without
sufficient force to break forth in blood. It
appears from the census before the rebellion
that in the Slave States there were not less
than 493,026 native white persons over twenty
years of age who could not read and write,
while in the Free States, with double the white
population, there were but 248,725 native
whites over twenty years of age thus blighted
by ignorance. In the Slave States the propor-
tion was 1 to 12; in the Free States it was 1 to
53. The number in Free Massachusetts, with
a population of a million, was 1,005, or 1 in
517; the number in Slave South Carolina,
with a population under 300,000, was 15,5S0, or
1 in 7. The number in Free Connecticut was
1 in 277; in Slave Virginia 1 in 5; in Free
New Hampshire 1 in 201, and in Slave North
Carolina 1 in 3. In this prevailing ignorance
wc may trace the rebellion. A population
that could not read and write naturally failed
to comprehend and appreciate a republican
government.
This contrast between the rebel States and
the loyal States appeared early. It was con-
spicuous in two Colonies, each of which exer-
cised a peculiar influence. Massachusetts began
her existence with a sj'stem of free schools.
The preamble of her venerable statute deserves
immortality. '' That learning may not be buried
in the grave of our fathers," her founders
enacted that every township should maintain
a school for reading and writing, and every
town of a hundred householders a school to fit
youths for the university. This statute was
copied in other Colonies. It has spread far,
like a benediction. At the same time Virginia
set herself openly against free schools. Her
Governor, Sir William Berkeley, in 1G71, in a
reply to the Privy Council of England on the
condition of the Colony, testifies as follows:
"But I thank God there are no free schools
nor printing, and I hope we shall not have
these hundred years; for learning has brought
disobedience and heresy and sects into the
world, and printing has divulged them. God
keep us from both." Thus spoke Massachu-
setts, and thus spoke Virginia in that ancient
day. The conflict of ideas had'already be^un.
Can you hesitate to adopt that statute which
is so well justified by time? It began in an
infant Colony. Let it be the law of a mighty
Republic.
The papers of the day mention an incident,
showing how the original spirit of the Vir-
ginia Governor still animates these States. A
motion to print two hundred copies of the
report of the State Superintendent of Public
Education was promptly voted down in the
Senate of Louisiana, while a Senator, in open
speech, "denounced the public education
scheme as an unmitigated oppression, an elec-
tioneering device, an imposition, which he in-
tended to bring in a bill to abolish if they were
allowed to go on legislating." With such
brutality is this beautiful cause now encoun-
tered. It is as if a savage rudely drove an
angel from his tent.
Be taught by this example, and do not hesi-
tate I entreat you. Remember how much is now
in issue. You are to fix the securities ofthe
fu'ture, and especially to see that a republican
government is guarantied in all the rebel
States. I call them "rebel," for such they
are in spirit still, and such is their designation
in your recent statute. But I ask nothing in
vengeance or in unltindness. All that I pro-
pose is for their good with which is inter-
twined the good of all. I would not impose
any new penalty or bear hard upon' an erring
people. Oh no, I simply ask a new safeguard
for the future, that these States, through which
so much trouble has come, may be a strength
and a blessing to our common country, with
prosperity and happiness everywhere within
their borders. I would not'impose any new
burden ; but I seek a new triumph for civiliza-
tion. For a military occupation, bristling with
bayonets, I would substitute the smile of peace.
But- this cannot bo done without education.
As the soldier disappears his place must be
supplied by the schoolmaster. The muster-
roil must be exchanged for the school register,
and our headquarters must be in a school-
house.
Do not forget the graudeur of the work in
which you are now engaged. You are forming
States. Such a work canuot be done hastily
or carelessly. The time which you give now
will be saved to the country hereafter a thou-
sand fold. The time which you begrudge will
rise in judgment against you. It is a law of
nature that just in proportion as the being pro-
duced is higher in the scale, and more com-
plete in its functions, all the processes are
more complex and extended. The mature
liberty which we seek cannot have the easy
birth of feebler types. As man, endowed with
reason and looking to the Heavens, is above the
quadruped that walks, above the bird that flies,
above the fish that swims, and above the worm
that crawls, so should these new govern-
ments, republican in form and loyal in soul,
created by your care, be above those whose
places they take. The Old must give way to
the New, and the New must be worthy of a
Republic, which, ransomed from Slavery lias
become an example to mankind. Farewell to
the Old! All hail to the New!
Mr. FRELINGHIJYSEN. Mr. President,
the distinguished Senator who has just ad-
dressed the Senate tells «s that States are
about to be born of the bayonet. I protest
against that declaration. We have been en-
gaged here for weeks in adopting measures for
the reconstruction of the rebel States, and if
the vote of the distinguished Senator was not
secured, he failed to vote or speak against this
proceeding ; and now, when the work is about
consummated, late on Saturday night, and
when we are about to take the final vote and
to adjourn, he with all the power of Ins influ-
ence, gives it out to the world that we are
establishing States that arc to be born of the
bayonet. No. sir; no. The constituents of
these States are as free to form constitutions
or not to form them as any community that
ever existed, and I for one will not submit to
be charged with being a party to the formation
of States by the bayonet. What has the bay-
onet to do with it? The military commander,
it is true, provides the formality which is
adopted under our direction for holding an
election ; but we have provided over and over
again that nothing can be done except by the
free ballot of a majority. Is there any bay-
onet. piicking voters up to the polls to adopt our
sentimentsV Bo we force universal suffrage
upon the South by the bayonet? That charge
we have hadtfrom the other side of the House ;
but I will not submit, without my protest, to
receive it from this side ot the House.
The proposition is that we shall provide free
schools without distinction of race, file re-
construction law already provides that there
shall be no discrimination in legislation on ac-
count of race or color. -The fourteenth amend-
ment has that provision, and that amendment
must be a part of the constitution before any
one of these States can be introduced. There
is, therefore, no necessity for that part of the
Senator's amendment. Then, sir, shall we, as a
Federal Government, undertake to provide free
school systems for the States? Have we any
right to do it? None whatever. We. have no
right to do it in Massachusetts or in New Jersey,
and we shall have no right to do it in Alabama
or in Georgia when they become States. And,
sir, for lis to undertake now to add new con-
ditions to the reconstruction measure which
the Thirty-Ninth Congress adopted I hold to
be bad faith. When we have said to these
States, " If you comply with our terms as stated
in the reconstruction act you shall be restored to
representation," and when they are now taking
measures to accept our proposition, are we to
say to them " Oh, just a litle more; you must
give a homestead to every colored man in the
South ; you must give education to every freed-
raan, or else the bargain is undone?" That is
not the way to do business., As I understand
the very description of an upright man to be,
and it is so of an upright nation, that he-swears
to his hurt, and changes not. It has been said
that when savages make a treaty, if they give
a whiff of tobacco smoke over it that little
formality not only makes it binding, but makes
it sacred. And that you may buy a truce of
pirates, and after they have made the bargain
they will liveto it; and if you should have the very
inmates of our penitentiaries turned together
as a community, whatever depredations they
might commit upon each other, if they formed
a society good faith would be their religion,
and would be adhered to. Let this nation keep
its faith. I hope, Mr. President, that the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. As I expect to vote for
this bill, it is rather unpleasant on every occa-
sion to hear it branded as a very bad measure.
If any gentleman considers this a bad bill I
think it is his duty to vote against it. If he
thinks it is an enormity, if ho thinks it is a vio-
lation of republican principles, let him vote
against it. When T believe a bill is bad I
state to tho Senate that that is my judgment,
and I vote against it. But it seems to me that
a Senator who means to vote for a bill ought
not to speak of it in that way, and seelc to get
the credit before the country of having advo-
cated some things higher and better than we
are willing to adopt. After we have labored
for days and weeks to get the best bill we can,
and have finally agreed upon a measure, it
seems to me that there is an implied under-
standing that those who vote for the bill in-
dorse it. it appears, however, to have become
somewhat the habit in tho Senate to put your-
self on tho record for a bill, and yet denounce
the bill before the country. I say again that
if I thought this was a, bad bill I would vote
against it, but if I vote for a bill I will defend
it before the country. After we have been
laboring,in these Halls for weeks and months
to prepare a bill which is the result of the com-
bined wisdom of all, it is hardly fair for one
Senator to pronounce it a bad bill; to say that
it provides for organizing governments by mili-
tary power; that these are not to be republican
governments; and to lecture the Senate for
being about to perpetrate a great outrage upon
republican principles. If the Senator from
Massachusetts votes against the bill, he takes
no responsibility in the matter; but now it will
be said, " Out of your own mouths we will con-
demn you: here is one of your party who voted
for the bill and he denounces it as an outrage
upon republican principles" 
Mr. SUMNER. I used no such language.
Mr. STEWART. Did not the Senator from
Massachusetts say that this was organizing by
the military, and that it was not republican for
the military to organize civil governments ?
Mr. SUMNER. Very weli.
Mr. STEWART. Did not the Senator de-
nounce it as born of the bayonet; and shall
we not hear that remark continually repeated
throughout the canvass next fall ? If the Sen-
ator is with us for this bill, is it fair to send us
before the country branded as voting for a bill
to create governments born of the bayonet?
If the Senator is against the bill, let him de-
nounce it; but do not let us make the admis-
sion for the Republican party that these govern-
ments are to be born of the bayonet, and that
we-are attempting to organize States in that
