168
THE CON"GrEMSSIONAL GLOBE
March, 16,
way. I do not wantthat admission to bind me,
for I intend to deny it. We give these people
at each step of this process an opportunity to
vote fairly and freely, and I believe the South
will accept it in good faith and the voice of the
people will be heard. I expect to defend the
measure hereafter, and I expect to deny the
charge, when it comes from the Copperheads,
if it does next fall, that these organizations are
born of the bayonet.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, I do not rise to debate, but
simply to ask a question of the Senator from
Massachusetts. 1 heartily approve of the prop-
osition which he has laid down of universal
education, especially in these southern States,
and would be glad to have such a requisition
laid on all the States of the Union if it were
not unconstitutional; but I wish to ask him
this question: does he think it possible to
establish a system of common schools in these
southern States corresponding to the common-
school system of New England unless he first
confiscates the large estates and divides them
into small homesteads, so that there may be
small landholders who shall support these
schools by the taxation which is laid upon
them?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
You think it is possible?
Mr. SUMNER. I do certainly; mostclearly.
Mr. MORTON. I intend to vote for this
proposition. I regard it as a fundamental con-
dition. I regard the education of these people
as essential to reconstruction. When you add
to the uneducated whites the uneducated ne-
groes you have a full half of the whole voting
population unable to read and write ; and we
cannot expect the men who own the property
voluntarily to tax themselves to provide edu-
cation for the others. When you got outside
of the towns of the South you find the colored
people living upon the large plantations ; the
rebel whites own their homes, their shanties,
and not one in fifty of those colored people
owns ten dollars. They are unable to main-
tain themselves without employment, and their
education must be provided for by the State
or they will remain uneducated; and until
they are educated the political power will
remain almost entirely in the hands of the
present rebel-educated classes.
We are all interested in this matter. Repub-
lican government may go on for awhile with
half the voters unable to read or write, but it
cannot long continue. Intelligence is the very
foundation of republican government. We have
all said it a thousand times and we ajl believe
it; and now, sir, at this last, this most impor-
tant hour in this great work of reconstruction,
let us provide for the education of these people.
I would have been in favor of having the
colored people of the South wait a few years
until they were prepared for suffrage, until
they were to some extent educated; but the
necessities of the times forbade that; the con-
dition of things required that they should be
brought to the polls at once; and we have
done that; but now let us provide against the
danger by making provision for this steady
education of these people. I say the proposi-
tion is fundamental in its character; its im-
portance cannot be overestimated, and I hope
that it will be placed as a condition upon com-
plying with which they shall be permitted to
return. If we say so now they will comply
with it, and it will not delay the work of re-
construction one hour; but we cannot say so
when their constitutions come here unless we
lay down the condition now.
Mr. CONNESS. T shall simply content my-
self with voting against this amendment pro-
posed without giving the reason why at this
hour; but since the bill before the Senate for
which I intend to vote has been arraigned here
as a provision for producing States to be born
of the bayonet, and as I in part represent a
State which was literally born of a military
order, not of the bayonet (though perhaps as
much born of the bayonet as any of the States
which will be organized under this act and the
act to which it is supplementary will be so
born) the accusation or denunciation ctimes
home to me. The civil government of the
State of California was the product of a mili-
tary order ; and it is not now less free, it is not
less generous, it is not less courageous, it is
not less patriotic for that reason. I will not
at this time say anything upon the good taste
of the denunciation of this measure that has
taken place. Under other circumstances I
would not allow it to pass without, not my
simple protest, but without some attempt to
analyze what has been said in that connection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not desire that
my vote against this amendment shall be under-
stood as expressing an opinion on my part
that a general system of education is not im-
portant to the public. My convictions are very
well established upon that particular subject;
but I vote against this amendment and all such
amendments to this bill upon the ground that
I think the Congress of the United States has
no power under the Constitution to make a
constitution for a State, any article or any
section of any article of a State constitution.
What sha.ll be in a State constitution depends
altogether on the will and pleasure of the peo-
ple of that State. Whether Congress may
afterward hold that constitution to be repub-
lican in form is altogether another question ;
and the power of Congress to judge of that
particular question confers no power upon
Congress to prescribe in advance a form of
government to a State.
Upon that ground I vote against the amend-
ment. I would vote against it also on another
ground. I was a member of the committee
that reported this bill to the body. I suggested
such amendments as I thought were right in
the committee; and I thought it my duty to
stand by the majority of the committee. I
believe all of the committee except myself
were in favor of the bill; I am not, and was
not in the committee ; but I suggested in the
committee such amendments as 1 thought ought
to be made, and I can see no propriety on the
part of Congress, no fair dealing, no honesty
to propose a proposition to the States at the
last session and then in this bill, which is sup-
plementary thereto, and whieh proposes simply
to carry that into practical operation, to add
conditions not suggested to the people at the
last session. I cannot think it is right. I
would not think it right for a man in any busi-
ness transaction to treat me so; and therefore
I stand by the committee, and have done it in
the Senate, upon that general proposition. I
have felt myself committed to it; and should
feel so now were I a friend of the bill. Being an
enemy to the bill—no, I will not say that—but,
not being in favor of the bill, I do not feel
authorized to do otherwise upon this particular
question than I would do if I were a friend to
it. I think we have no power to say to any
State, North or South, one thing or another
shall go into its constitution. If we can make
one article or one section of an article, we can
write the constitution out here in the Senate
Chamber and say to a State, " Adopt this or
you never come into this Union again."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the question
of power, I take it, must be settled in this
Chamber. You have already most solemnly
voted in favor of requiring in every constitu-
tion of the rebel States suffrage for all, without
distinction of color or race or previous condi-
tion. Now, the greater contains the less. If
you can do that you can do everything. If
you can require that magna charta of human
rights you can requite what is smaller. Now
it is already fixed in your statutes, enrolled in
your archives, that Congress has this great
power over the rebel States. I do not say
whether it has this great power over other
States; that is not now the question; but it
has the power over the rebel States. That
power is derived from several sources; first
from the necessity of the case, because the
State governments there are illegal, and that
whole region has passed, as in the case of
Territories, under the jurisdiction of Congress.
There is no legal government there except
that which Congress supplies. Then again
you have another source in the military power
which is at this moment established over that
region. Then again, still further, you have
in that great clause of the Constitution of the
United States by which you are authorized to
guaranty to every State a republican form of
government. There is enough. Out of these
three sources, these three overflowing fount-
ains, you have ample authority in this case.
You have exercised it now by prescribing in
their constitutions suffrage for all: I ask you to
go one step further, and to prescribe education
for all.
But I am met here by personal objections; I
am asked why I have not brought this forward
before. Sir, I have brought it forward in sea-
son and out of season. I have on the table
before me a speech of mine made in 1865, in
which, in laying down the great guarantees
that we were to seek, I declared them as fol-
lows: "First, the unity of the Republic; sec-
ond, enfranchisement; thirdly, the guarantee
of the national debt; fourthly, the repudiation
of the rebel debt; fifthly, equal suffrage; and
sixthly, education of the people." Therefore
from the beginning I have asked this guaran-
tee, believing as I do most clearly that under
the Constitution now you may demand it. If
you may demand it, if you have the power,
then do I insist it is your duty to do it. Duties
are in proportion to powers. You have not
these great powers intrusted to you merely for
display or idleness, but they are for employ-
ment to the end that the Republic may be ad-
vanced and fortified.
Then I have been reminded very earnestly
by two Senators that I have used strong lan-
guage in saying that these governments will be
open to the imputation of being born of the bayo-
net. This is not the first time that I have used
that language in this Chamber with reference
to this very policy. From the beginning I have
protested against any policy of reconstruction
proceeding from the military power. I have
asserted again and again that it was contrary
to the genius of republican institutions and to
a just economy of our political forces. I have
not been hearkened to. Others have pressed
the idea of military power; and now as I sub-
mit, as I am about to record my vote in favor
of the proposition, I cannot but express my
sincere and unfeigned regret that Congress did
not see its way to a generous measure of re-
construction which should be purely civil in
its character, having in it no element of mili-
tary power. Such a proposition you had before
you at the last session in- the Louisiana bill,
which I sought to press day by day upon your
attention; and when at the last moment the
military bill was passed, I, from my place here,
declared that I should deem it my duty at the
earliestpossible moment in this session to press
the Louisiana- bill or some kindred measure
founded on a different principle.
I was early tutored in the principles of Jef-
ferson ; I cannot forget his message where he
lays down among the cardinal principles or
what he calls "the essential principles of our
Government," and consequently those which
ought to shape its administration. I quote his
own words: ''The supremacy of the civil
over the military authority." This he records
as one of the " essential principles of our
Government." Imbued with that principle I
had hoped that Congress would see the way t'o
establish at once civil governments in all those
States, and not subject them to military power
except so far as might be needed for the pur-
poses of .protection. That is the true object
of the Army. It is to protect us ; it is not in
any way to make constitutions or to superin-
tend the making of constitutions. At least so
I have read the history of republican institu-
tions, and such are the aspirations that I pre-
sume to express for my country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the ar-
gument suggested by the Senator has no force
if at all addressed to myself, with which he
