1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 IS
Nevada and my friend from Michigan. It is
rumored that this gentleman was disloyal, that
he expressed disloyal sentiments, found fault
with the Government in divers way3. Why,
sir, I say with all respect to the Democratic
party, if you act oil that ground you could
hardly have a Senator 'of that party on this
floor. I am certain that with regard to the
leaders of the Democratic party in my section
of the country you could not find one that
could come here and take a seat if he is to be
kept out on these grounds : or it would be very
difficult at any rate. It has been a very com-
mon expression among gentlemen of that po-
litical faith. 1 agree, therefore, with my hon-
orable friend from Illinois that with regard to
these opinions expressed it would be going
very far, indeed, to undertake to say that if
they were proved beyond any question we could
safely take the ground that men who had ex-
pressed such opinions were not entitled to seats
in this body. But, at any rate, supposing it to
be true, no Senator here and no person brings
any specific charge, exhibits any proof. There
is no remonstrance, no fact stated with refer-
ence to the whole thing upon anything except
mere rumor out of doors, going to affect the
position of this gentleman in relation to that
matter.
Now, sir, can it be said, when no members
of the Legislature of Maryland have remon-
strated, no persons from Maryland have sent
a remonstrance here, no proof is exhibited,
no statement in writing is made, nothing for
which anybody is responsible, that we can with
any propriety refuse to allow this gentleman
to take his seat in'this body upon his taking
the usual oath? It strikes me that it would
be not only an unwise, but a most'extraordi-
nary proceeding; and although exceedingly
sorry that Maryland has been so unwise as to
elect a gentleman of that political faith to a
seal in the Senate, I do not feel that 1 should
be justified in anyway whatever in interposing
any obstacle to his taking his seat on this floor.
There is another objection made, and that
objection arises from the constitution of the
Legislature of Maryland. My friend from
Nevada will allow me to say that that is not
like the case of New Jersey. In the case of
New Jersey, the claim of Mr. Stockton, we did
not undertake to investigate the question
whether any of the members of that Legisla-
ture were properly elected. The question
there was, whether those who were elected
had proceeded legally in the choice of a Sena-
tor. That we always have a right to do. That
is unquestionably our right and our duty.
What they have done in the process of an elec-
tion, whether they have gone according to the
forms and substance of lav/, and made a legal
election, it is undoubtedly our right to investi-
gate and our duty to investigate.' That is a com-
mon inquiry ; but it is a totally different ques-
tion, and T never heard it raised or pretended
that this body had the right to go into the
question of the election of the members of the
Legislature and inquire whether or not they
were legally and properly chosen. Every
legislative body in this country by its constitu-
tion has the right to settle the question of the
election of its own members. We claim it;
wc have it by the Constitution of the United
States; the House of Representatives has it;
every legislative body in the country has it.
Over that there is no control; they are the ex-
clusive judges of questions of that description.
If there are irregularities, violations of law,
or anything of that sort, in the formation of
the body, I do not see how we can remedy'
that matter or how we can go beyond the mere
question of whether the election was legal in
point of form, so far as the members them-
selves constituting the Legislature chose to
make it. I do not know but that there might
be extreme cases presenting themselves in
which the Senate would go into that question.
I cannot say that there might not be a case so
strong and so extreme of violence at, the bal-
lot-box, of an overruling of the will of the
people making a Legislature, and the getting i
of power by usurpation, that I would not
inquire into it; but in a case of this descrip-
tion, presenting itself as it does, it seems to
me that there is no severe occasion calling for
our interposition in a question of that descrip-
tion.
Sir, it is not the thing, in my judgment, for
us to interpose an objection to a gentleman
taking his seat on this floor simply because
rumor, not common, but rumor has it that
there is something wrong either in relation to
the man or to his election. If there has been
anything wrong in the formation of the Legis-
lature of Maryland, why do not the minority
of the Legislature of Maryland put themselves
on record and send their remonstrance against
the election on that ground? Has a single
man who voted in the election of Mr. Thomas,
a member of the Legislature of Maryland, pre-
sented his remonstrance or his objection to the
man, and put his name to it, or to the election
and put his name to that, or to the form of the
election as it was, or to the election of the
Legislature, thus making it illegal, and put his
name to that? Not one, as I understand it.
Now, sir, although I should be very much bet-
ter pleased to have seen another man here than
Mr. Thomas—I know nothing about him indi-
vidually except by slight reputation—yet in a
matter affecting the constitution of this body
and our modes of proceeding, [ am unwilling
to give my vote in favor of a precedent which
I think would be very dangerous, and which
is certainly at war with the whole history of
the body since it was constituted originally.
Therefore, unless something more is shown
than has been shown by the honorable Senator
who made the motion, or by my friend from
Nevada, I shall feel compelled to vote to allow
Mr. Thomas to take the oath and admit lnm
to a seat in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no question of
constitutional law raised in this matter, and it
is with us simply a question of the order of
business. The right of the Senate to pass upon
the elections, qualifications, and returns of its
members is given by the Constitution. Ordi-
narily, when a paper is presented in due form,
showing the election of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States with the requisite qualifications by
any State, he is admitted to his seat. We have
the right, however, to pass upon the election,
returns, and qualifications of the member.
Whether we do it before ho is sworn into otlico
or afterward is simply a matter of discretion
in the body. Our right as judges, given to us by
the Constitution, would undoubtedly authorize
us to pass upon his qualifications before ad-
ministering the oath of office. There can be no
doubt about that. It is therefore simply a ques-
tion of the order in which the business of ad-
mitting the new member shall be transacted.
In ordinary eases the oath is administered be-
cause it is presumed no objection will be made,
or if objection be made afterward, that objec-
tion is inquired into and the action of the Senate
can then be reconsidered.
It seems to me that in the present condition
of the country there is enough on the public
records and in the history of the country
which we have before us to induce us to refer
the credentials of the gentleman, who now
claims to be a Senator from the State of Mary-
land, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
That is the view I lake of it. The last action
we have from this gentleman before the war
is at least indicative of a very singular state
of mind, or a very singular opinion. I admit
that mere political opinions ought not, to ex-
clude any one from a seat on this floor. Unless
those opinions go to make him what we call
disloyal to the Government they ought not to
ex'clude him from taking the oath of office.
But I call attention to the letter of this gen-
tleman when he resigned his position as Sec-
retary of the Treasury under Mr. Buchanan.
After acts of war had beea committed against
the Government, after the Star of the West
had been fired into, after the war had com-
menced practically, and he was then a mem-
ber of the couucil of the President of the
United States, in resigning he wrote a letter
ad dressed to the President, an extract from
which I will read:
" My Bear Sib : It has not been in, my power, aa
you are aware, to agree with you and with a majority
of your constitutional advisers in the measures which
have been adopted in reference to the present con-
dition of things in South Carolina; nor do I think it
at all probable that 1 shall be able to concur in the
views which you entertain, so far as I understand
them, touching the authority, under existing laws,
to enforce the collection of the customs at the port
of Charleston."
This gentleman retired from the position of
Secretary of the Treasury, where he had charge
of the finances of the country, because, he
said, the United States had no power to collect
the duties at the port of Charleston. Why
had we no power to collect them? Simply
because at that time Charleston, being in the
State of South Carolina, was not in the Union;
South Carolina had seceded, and therefore we
had no authority to enforce the revenue laws
in the city of Charleston; therefore secession
was a constitutional right; the Union was dis-
solved. On this basis, which denies the
authority of the United States in the city of
Charleston, after the ordinance of secession,
he retired from the Cabinet of the President
of the United States, occupying a position
which of all others required him to enforce the
revenue laws of the United States.
Now, to say the least of it, this position of
the gentleman who presents himself as a mem-
ber of this Senate from the State„of Maryland
places him in a very embarrassing situation ;
one that would require at least explanation
before he takes his seat here in a body com-
posed of Senators of the United States, and
after a war in which we have enforced the
authority of the United States, not only in
Charleston, but over the whole southern States.
He started out before the war, proclaiming the
idea that secession was a constitutional remedy,
and that by secession South Carolina had
withdrawn from the Union, and that there was
no authority to enforce the laws of the United
States in the State of South Carolina.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where did he say that?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what it means
practically. I hardly think the Senator would
quibble on the words " under existing laws,"
because the existing laws were just as much in
force then in Charleston, South Carolina, un-
doubtedly as they were in the city of New
York, unless the ordinance of secession which
had then just been passed had carried the State
out of the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to inquire if there was not then existing the
law passed in 1832 for the collection of the
revenue in insurrectionary States?
Mr. SHERMAN. The force lawwas only
temporary in its character.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will permit me, as I do not want to reply to
him 
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust Senators will
allow me to finish what I have to say.
Now, Mr. President, we have no official
record from that time to this, or until the
election of this gentleman as Senator from
Maryland; we do not know, I have no informa-
tion myself, and the Senate has none, at least
none lias been disclosed to us of the course of
this gentleman during the war. We certainly
did not hear of him aiding the Government
or aiding the United States or contributing to
put down the rebellion. If he has done so, it
has certainly escaped my observation or recol-
lection. Perhaps even that should not be suf-
ficient as the evidence of disloyalty. But my
impression was very injuriously affected against
the gentleman now claiming a seat from the
speech referred to by the Senator from Michi-
gan, and also by the Senator from Maine. If
that speech was only like the speeches of my
friend from Kentucky, denouncing the conduct
and the course and policy of the Senate of the
United States, it would be but a mere dif-
ference of opinion. We have no authentic
record of that speech, we have nothing but
what we find in the newspapers; but 1st me
