1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
made a declaration of that kind constitute a
qualification for his admission into the Senate?
It may be that the charge was made; it may lie
that it was falsely and maliciously made. If
so, then it becomes a question for investiga-
tion upon a movement for his expulsion after
his admission. It is not a matter to be in-
quired into in relation to age, residence, or
qualification, which are the only three points
in regard to which the Senate can make in-
quiry on the preliminary step of admitting a
Senator to his seat. As the majority of the
Senate may decide either one of these points,
so is it to remain irreversibly adjudged ; but
when you come to the question whether this
gentleman has maligned the Senate, whether he
has falsely charged it with treason against the
country, that is not matter of qualification, nor
can it be tortured into a matter of qualifica-
tion. It may amount to such conduct as would
demand his expulsion from the Senate, or it
may not amount to such conduct as that accord-
ing to the judgment of different Senators.
Now, sir, what do gentlemen propose to do ?
Here is a matter which, if it can bo made a
charge and a cause of proceeding against this
gentleman at all, must be made in the form
of a motion for his expulsion, and it must be
sustained by the votes, not of a majority, but
of two thirds of the Senate to have any practi-
cal effect against him. I maintain that itisnow
premature to enter into that matter. If the re-
turn of this gentleman as a Senatorfrom Mary-
land is in due form, if there is no question as
to his possessing the constitutional qualifica-
tions, then according to all the precedents
except two, as stated by the Senator from.
Maine, he is entitled to take his seat; and then
if he has maligned the Senate, if he has slan-
dered the Senate, if he has committed a scan-
dalum magnatum for which he ought to be
expelled from his seat, that is a point to be
subsequently investigated, and which cannot
be inquired into at this stage of the business.
It must be deferred until he takes his seat, and
then lie properly considered. After he has
taken his seat, that may be made the subject
of inquiry by the Senate, and Senators may
vote that it is or is not sufficient cause for his
expulsion according to their judgment.
Mr. President, I have but one more word to
say. I should feel myself humiliated if I could
voce for the expulsion of a man from the Sen-
ate because he had charged me as a Senator
with being a traitor. The charge of disloyalty
has been made against me thousands of times,
I suppose, but never has itreached me. I do
not feel scorn for such a charge; I feel noth-
ing but coldest contempt. I know that all
such charges are utterly and flagitiously false.
I know I have been as true to the Constitution
of the country and to the Government of the
country formed by that Constitution as any
gentleman that lives ; and what care I for the
scoffs and flings and slanders and denuncia-
tions of a false, foul, and envenomed press in
throwing out charges of disloyalty against me?
I feel, I will not say an unutterable scorn, but
I feel an indifference to all such charges that
can never be reached or disturbed.
I know, Mr. President, that in the heat of
debate I have sometimes indulged in sharp
language, to use the phrase of the honorable
Senator from Maine, and it may be vitupera-
tive language ; but I have never attempted will-
fully to infringe the privileges of the Senate or
of any of its members. I have never charged
any of them with being traitors ; I have never
charged any of their measures with being trea-
sonable; but I have charged, and if it was the
last word I had to utter at the judgment seat
of mv Maker I would charge, that many of their
measures have been and are revolutionary,
subversive of the Constitution and of the form
of government as I understand it, which we are
all sworn to support. In making this charge it
has never been my purpose to trespass the free-
dom of debate. I trust the time will never come
when the freedom of debate will be hushed in
the Senate Chamber. At any rate, so 'long as
an individual humble as myself shall be allowed
to hold a seat here, I will indulge in that free-
dom of debate guarantied to me by the Con-
stitution of my country, and the exercise of
which is the highest duty that I can perform to
my constituents and my country.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
concur at all with the doctrine of the Senator
from Illinois that it is incompetent fox- the Sen-
ate to inquire into the propriety of suffering an
applicant who comes here to take a seat in this
body. On the other hand, whenever there is
reasonable suspicion that such an applicant
cannot truthfully take the oath prescribed in
the act of 1862, I hold it to be the duty of the
Senate to refer the matter for the purpose of
inquiry and information. Otherwise wo might,
in some eases at least, be winking at perjury
and setting aside the very act which we passed
for the protection of this body against rebel-
ism. It is a matter of more inquiry and in the
nature of an inquiry. We all know the books
of parliamentary law lay it down as one of
the rules that inquiry is always justified- upon
the grounds of public rumor, it is laid down
in the books of parliamentary law that even
the impeachment of an officer of the Govern-
ment may be based upon public rumor. Such,
doubtless, at one time was the parliamentary
law of England; but I will not stop to go into
these points.
It is said by the learned Senator from Mary-
land that the letter to which reference has
been made, written by this applicant, dated
the lltli of January, 1861, does not present as
the ground of his resignation from the Cabinet
of Mr. Buchanan the fact that he, Thomas,
was opposed to the reenforccment of Port Sum-
ter, and the learned Senator would have us
believe that the letter to which reference has
been made refers solely and simply to the
alleged illegality of attempting to collect the
revenues at the port of Charleston out of the
port; and we are told that this resignation was
sent in because Secretary Thomas refused to
perform such an illegal act as to collect the
revenues of Charleston beyond the limits of
the port of Charleston. Now, sir, on a careful
inspection of this letter, with other contem-
poraneous documents equally authentic, it is
impossible to come to anything but a directly
opposite conclusion, and to hold that the great
reason, and probably the sole reason, of the
resignation of that Secretary, was his opposi-
tion to the project of Mr. Buchanan to reen-
force Port Sumter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber read that part of the letter?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I will read
enough, I trust, to satisfy the honorable Sena-
tor that I am correct. On the 8th of January,
1801, Jacob Thompson, the Secretary of the
Interior, and afterward an arrant rebel as we
all know, sent in his resignation to Mr. Bu-
chanan. Keep the dates in mind, January 8 is
the date of Mr. Thompson's letter of resigna-
tion, and iu that letter Mr. Thompson says :
" X learn, however, this morning, for the first time,
that the steamer Star of the Ave- t sailed from New
York last Saturday night with two hundred and fifty
men, under Lieutenant Bartlett, bound for Fort
Sumter. Under these circumstances T feet myself
bound to resign my commission, as one of your con-
stitutional advisers, into your hands.
"With high respect, your obedient servant."
On the next day President Buchanan replied
to the letter of Secretary Thompson, in which
the President said:
" This promise was faithfully observed on mypa.rt.
In order to carry it into effect T called a speciat
Cabinet meeting on Wednesday, 2d -January, Ic'jI, in
which the question ot sending rcenforcauieuts to
Fort Sumter uas amply discussed both by yourselt
and others. The decided majority of opinions was
against you. At this moment, the answer of the
South Carolina 'commissioucis.' to my communi-
cation to them of 31st December was received and
read. It produced much indignation among the
members of the Cabinet. After a further bnet con-
versation I employed the following language : It is
now all over, and reinforcements must be sent.
Judge Black said at the moment of my decision that
after this letter the Cabinet, would be unanimous,
and I heard no dissenting voice, indeed, the spirit
and tone of the letter loft no doubt on my mind that
Fort Sumter would be immediately attacked, and
henco the necessity ot sending reenforcements there
without delay."
The purpose of Mr. Buchanau and a major-
ity of the Cabinet was clearly and distinctly
declared as early as the 2d of January to re'eu-
forceFort Sumter and to protect it against an
anticipated attack of the rebels, and therefore
Mr. Thompson on the 8th of the same month
sent in his resignation. Thompson's reason
is plainly expressed, and it is that reonforce-
ments are to be sent, to Port Sumter. Three
days after that we find Secretary Thomas, the
present applicant presenting himself here for
a seat in this body, writing to President Bu-
chanan in the following words:
"My Dear Sie: It has not been in nay power, as
you are aware, to agree with you and with a majority
of your constitutional advisers in themeasures which
have been adopted in refereneo to the present con-
dition of things in South Carolina."
What were those "measures" relating to the
" condition of things in South Carolina?" The
very measures which Mr. Buchanan and a ma-
jority of the Cabinet had agreed upon. The
reenforcement of Port Sumter and its defense
by force of arms against any attack of the
rebels, was one of the measures at least, and
it was beyond all doubt the important measure.
Now, Mr. Thomas informs the President that
it has not been in his power to agree with the
President and a majority of his Cabinet ad-
visers "in the measures which have been
adopted in reference to the present condition
of things in South Carolina;" that is to say in
plain language, without circumlocution, "I
was opposed to the scheme of reenforcingFort
Sumter ; I preferred to let the rebels matfee an
attack upon Fort Sumter and carry it by dint
of shot and shell; and your scheme of re'en-
forcing it for its own defense was one in which
I could not concur, and therefore, because I
could not concur, I resign my scat in your
Cabinet." So up to this moment I can draw
no distinction in point of morality or of loyalty
between Jacob Thompson, afterward an arrant
traitor, and Mr. Thomas, who now presents
himself for a seat in this body.
But, says the Senator from Maryland, this
letter related solely to the objections of Sec-
retary Thomas against collecting the revenue
out of the lines of the port of Charleston.
Sir, it does not relate to that subject ai all. Mr.
Buchanan had not, according to the very terms
of this letter, at that time resolved upon such
a course. The very language contradicts it;
for the language of Mr. Thomas is:
" Nor do I think it at all probable that I shall bo
able to concur in the views which you entertain, so
far as I understand them, touching the authority,
under existing laws, to enforce the collection of the
customs at the port of Charleston."
There are in this letter plainly two subjects
of which the writer treats. The first is the
reenforcement of Fort Sumter ; the second is
a project, not yet agreed upon, of collecting the
revenues of Charleston beyond the limits of
the port. So much for that, Mr. President.
One word further. I do not know whether
the learned Senator from Maryland denies as
a matter of fact that the applicant called the
present Congress of the United States traitors,
as reported in the speech which lias beenread.
But it is a rumor; it is true it is a newspaper
rumor. That it is very generally believed
cannot be doubted. If he made such an ob-
servation, if ha declared the majority in Con-
gress to be traitors, and stated that he was
coming here to face traitors, it cannot reason-
ably be supposed that a man who entertained
these views at the breaking out of the rebellion
should have maintained a very scrupulous neu-
trality during the conflict. If in 18(31 he be-
lieved Congress to be a band of traitors, bent
upon the destruction of the Government by
waging war against the rebel States, it would
be "most remarkable that, living so near the
frontierwherelheoonflict was raging, he should
have abstained entirely from rendering aid
and comfort, to the oppressed and persecuted
party. His impulses were all in that direction,
and if opportunity presented, if such were bis
sentiments, I cannot doubt, for one, that ho
would have embraced that opportunity. It is
for the very purpose of ascertaining how far
