182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 18,
fail in the other House let the responsibility
be with that House. I think the objection to
the appropriation originally in the House was
more personal to the party in charge of the
work than to the appropriation itselt
Mr. I?ESSENDEN. I have no objection to
taking up the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 39) to provide means for the prosecution
of the^ work on the distributing reservoir of
the Washington aqueduct was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate*$150.000 for the
purpose of deepening and otherwise improv-
ing the distributing reservoir of the Washing-
ton aqueduct; but no part of the sum thus ap-
propriated is to be used for any other purpose
whatever.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Iowa if he will not be content
with striking off $100,000, leaving the appro-
priation $50,000?
Mr. HARLAN. I will not, for this reason:
the whole appropriation necessary to complete
the distributing reservoir is estimated to be
$287,000; and it is believed that $150,000 will
deepen and improve and complete one half of
that reservoir and construct a wall across the
center of it, which would secure healthy water
for the employes of the Government at the
Departments, and also to a great extent guard
against danger from fire, if this means of sup-
plying water should be cut off. Fifty thousand
dollars would not complete one half of the
reservoir, and hence would be comparatively
useless.
Mr. CONKLING-. I desire to inquire of
the Senator who has this bill in charge who is
to have the actual expenditure of this money ?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 only know from a news-
paper statement of what was done during the
last Congress. I understand that by a bill then
passed the work was put under the control of
the chief Engineer of the War Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the whole busi-
of overseeing the public works has been
assigned to General Michler.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there no middle man,
no contractor between the Government and
the work ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all. It is all
under the control of General Michler. Whether
he actually expends the money or whether it
is dotie by the Secretary of the Interior I can-
not answer; but lie is the man who is now in
charge of all these works here.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ClIOCTAW AND CHICKASAW TRUST JJ'U.N'DS.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to sonsider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 18)
for the sale of certain stocks held in trust for
the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the claims of certain Choctaw and Chicka-
saw Indians, and other loyal persons, as are
provided for in the forty-ninth and fiftieth
articles of treaty concluded with the Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians on the 28th of April,
18GC, the resolution proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to sell such of the
stocks held by the United States in trust for
the benefit of those Indians as he may deem
expedient and proper ; but no further sale of
the stocks is to be made than may be necessary
to pay these claims.
The Committee on Indian Affairs proposed
to amend the resolution by adding to it:
Provided, That no such stock shall bo sold and no
money shall be paid on such claims, unless the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall have first examined and
ratified or approved the awards made by commis-
sioners, as stipulated in the forty-ninth and fiftieth
articles of said treacv: And provided further. That
nothing contained in this act shall be construed as
recommending for l^s approval any awards already
inado under said treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot consent to allow
this measure to pass. It brings up the old
question of the Choctaw and Chickasaw claims.
At the request of a party interested and others
I introduced a resolution the other day refer-
ring the whole matter of the^ Choctaw and
Chickasaw claims to the Committee on Indian
Affairs with instructions to take testimony, to
examine persons and papers, and to report at
the next session. I do- not think we ought
now to interfere with these trust bonds and pay
any of the debts provided for by that treaty
until after a full examination. It is only one
branch of a very difficult question, and as the
committee have authority now to examine the
matter fully and report at the next session, and
their report will no doubt be decisive on the
subject, I trust this resolution will be suffered
to lie over. It authorizes the sale of the bonds
held in trust for these Indians, which are a
very large amount nominally, though some of
them are of little value. It raises a very diffi-
cult question, and I trust it may lie over until
iVifi nAvf.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Missouri how long the Gov-
ernment has held these stocks and what stocks
they are?
Mr. HENDERSON. It would take me a
considerable length of time to answer that
question ; but I can state to the Senator that
these were annuity funds belonging to the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians for their lands sold
in the State of Mississippi, and those funds
were invested in various State and United
States stocks which are held by the Secretary
of the Interior, and the interest annually paid
to the Indians.
Mr. MORTON. I have some knowledge
of the character of these stocks and of the
condition of this whole transaction, and I ask
the Senator from Missouri to let this resolution
lie over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
go over.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall make no ob-
jection to that; but before thequestion passes
off I desire to say a word. Under the treaty
of 1866 with the Choctaws and Chickasaws
there was a provision to the effect that the
President of the United States should appoint
commissioners to adjust the claims of the loyal
Indians who were driven out from among those
tribes during the rebellion, and those commis-
sioners were to report to the Secretary of the
Interior. The President appointed the com-
missioners, and they went on and adjusted the
claims, and then made a report to the Secre-
tary of the Interior. That report is now lying
before the Secretary. He has not yet had
time to examine it. The Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Ross] some time since offered this
joint resolution. I went to the Secretary of
the Interior to see him on the subject, and he
stated that he had not yet approved the report.
The treaty requires that upon the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior payment shall be
made from any moneys in his hands belonging
to the Indians. The Secretary of the Interior'
has no moneys belonging to these Indians;
but he has bonds of theirs in his hands, and he
wishes authority, in case he shall find that
the report is correct, to sell a sufficient quan-
tity of these bonds to pay what is due to the
loyal Indians. That is the whole case.
These Indians are suffering; they are poor;
they were robbed of everything they had and
driven out from the midst of the tribe. These
bonds are on hand belonging to the tribe, and
if they are sold these claims can bo paid. If
they are "not sold the claims cannot be paid.
Hence I have added a proviso to the resolu-
tion, lest our legislation should be construed
by the Secretary of the Interior as indicating a
desire upon our part tb.it he should pay the
claims, a proviso that no such stock shall be
sold and no money paid on such claims unless
the Secretary of the Interior shall first examine
and approve the awards-made by the commis-
sioners, as stipulated under the forty-ninth and
fiftieth articles of the treaty, and that nothing
contained in the resolution shall be construed
as recommending for his approval any awards
already made under the treaty, if this resolu-
tion is passed it will simply have the effect of
enabling the Secretary of the Interior, in case
he finds the awards to be correct, to get the
funds to pay them. It is claimed that we are
largely indebted to the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws. The question has been before us several
times upon Indian appropriation bills. Lately
the question came up and a proposition was
made to appropriate a part of the funds', but it
was objected to. It is claimed that we owe
them ยง2,000,000; but I am not prepared to
say that we should appropriate any money from
the Treasury. If we intend to pay the loyal
Indians who have been driven out from among
the tribe, there is no other way of paying them
than the resolution proposes, and it ought to
be passed. If the Senate wishes further con-
sideration 1 am utterly indifferent to the mat-
ter, and will allow it to lie over; but I have
considered it and know exactly what the ques-
tion is.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire to go into
the discussion of this matter now ; but I will
state that there are reasons why these bonds
should not bo sold, independent of the ques-
tion of the awards referred to in the resolution.
I think I can satisfy the Senator from Missouri
in a private conversation of ten minutes that
these bonds ought not to be sold. I ask, there-
fore, that the resolution shall at least lie over
until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be postponed by common con-
sent.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No. 33) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, 1807, and to
facilitate restoration.
The first amendment of the House was to
insert after the words " United States," in line
five of page 2, of the Senate amendment the
words:
That I have never been a member of any State
Legislature, nor held any executive or judicial office
in any State, and afterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There can be objection
to that; it is 'an addition to the oath.
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment of the House waain
page 5, line four, after the word "the" afterit
occurs the second time to insert " registered."
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of
that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect is to require
a majority of all the registered voters to adopt
the constitution when it is submitted to them
for ratification. While I do not mean to take
up any time in objecting to this amendment,
and am willing, if the Senate think proper, to
concur in it and end this matter, I do not
think it is right. I know there is a very strong
feeling in favor of adopting the provision just
as the other House has amended it, but I think
it is a mistake, and I wish to say, in a word
or two, why I think it a mistake. The House
amendment requires for the ratification of the
constitution that a majority of all the regis-
tered voters shall vote in its favor. It will be
submitted at an election when there are no
candidates. There will be no opposing indi-
viduals running for office, no inducements to
bring men to the polls except simply to vote
for or against the adoption of the constitution.
Now, take the State of Georgia ; suppose there
are a hundred thousand voters in it, and sixty
thousand of those voters o,re in favor of the
constitution, but forty thousand against it.
If those forty thousand stay away from the
polls, will not the constitution bo defeated ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. How ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If sixty thousand are
for it, you cannot get fifty thousand of them
