184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
York is to elect delegates on the fourth Monday
of April, I understand, to a constitutional con-
vention. Then will be the great contest as to
■who shall control that convention. There will
be rival candidates for delegates. All the
interest and passions of parties will be aroused.
The interest of individuals will be aroused.
New York will be canvassed all over. Men
will be brought to the polls. Money will be
expended t,o bring out the lame and the halt
and the stay-at-homes. There will be a great
vote, and it will determine the character of
that convention. But let the convention frame
a constitution, and especially if it be one gen-
erally acceptable to the people, and submit it
to the people on any other day than the day
of their general election, and not one fourth
of the people of New York will go to the bal-
lot-box and vote for or against it. That is our
constitutional history. If you will take the
history from 1789 to this time and examine the
votes given for the adoption of constitutions
and the votes given on constitutional amend-
ments, you will find that the popular votes
have always been very small.
I think this whole policy tends against prompt
reconstruction. I am free to say that consid-
ering all the condition of the country ; consid-
ering that we have triumphed in our principles ;
considering the liability that we have that a
State may drop off here, and if it does it may
be construed by these rebel leaders as the
beginning of a reaction ; considering the fact
that the President of the United States is hos-
tile to our policy; considering the fact, or what
is said to be a fact, that the Supreme Court is
hostile to it; considering the fact that Con-
gress has dictated all the terms and conditions,
and that this is complying with those terms
and conditions, I say, sir, that the policy is
made against our friends and not for our
friends. That is my own deliberate conviction
on the subject.
While there are some questions of law on
which 1 never feel at liberty to express an
opinion, yet on a question of this character I
choose always to follow my own convictions,
because I think I am about as well acquainted
with these matters as most of the men who
surround me. I have for two years consulted
with loyal men in the South, with the repre-
sentatives of black men, with rebels of all stripes
and kinds. I have endeavored, as far as I could,
to post myself up on the condition of those
States, and to act upon the policy of bringing
them in here at the earliest possible moment
when we can do so in harmon^ to carry out
our principles. I want them to do our work.
I want them to aid in completing this great
cause. Therefore, I want our friends to take
these States; and if they have any capacity
for organization, any capacity to use the power
that is in their hands, they can control these
States; they can elect the conventions; they
can frame their constitutions ; they can make
them in harmony with us; and when they have
done that, they can elect in several of these
States, and I think a majority of them, men
who will come here true to the country and
who believe in the principles embodied in the
constitutional amendment and in their oi i
revised constitutions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see that this matter
is to keep us here till midnight. Gentlemen
are making their old speeches over again. I
have not heard a new idea suggested in this
discussion, I think we may as well go into
executive session, and I therefore move to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i We may as well. We
shall not get through with this matter till mid-
night. We have got to hear the whole debate
over again.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SHERMAN.
Let us take a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ If we can take a vote
I will withdraw my motion; but I do not want
to stay here until midnight again to hear the
samo things over and over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The-ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not rise to debate it.
The patience of my friend from Maine I am
sure will not be exhausted by the time I shall
occupy. I voted for the original bill, or the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, from a sincere desire to have the
States back on almost any terms. I would not
be in favor of negro suffrage if I was permitted
to vote upon that question alone; but I believe
that the interest of the country requires that
the States should bo back, even requiring negro
suffrage. I concur with the honorable member
from Massachusetts in thinking that if this
amendment is sanctioned the whole measure
will be defeated. It would have been ra'ther
better, or rather much less likely to be defeated,
if a majority of all the registered voters should
be required in the beginning to decide whether
there should bo a convention or not; but we
have required only a majority of a majority for
that purpose. If the convention who may be
elected in that way decide that the constitution
shall be adopted, then the question submitted
to the people is a single question of constitution
or no constitution; and my word for it, upon
that question not one half of the registered
voters will go to the polls. The result will be
that those who are in favor of negro suffrage,
in which I class, as I suppose without offend-
ing, my honorable friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. sujdfee.,] will be defeated in their object.'
They cannot have it hereafter unless they get
it now. If you pass the bill in the form in
which it passed this body I think it will be
accepted, and the effect of that acceptance
would be to secure that suffrage in all the
southern States; but if you leave them to choose
for themselves, either by an actual vote or by
refusing to vote, whether there shall be that
suffrage or not, the suffrage will not be extended
to the blacks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but
that I must insist on my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody else wants to
make a speech.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have a vote.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendment. I want to
record my vote against it.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe my _ motion
is in order to go into executive session. I
have not withdrawn it. I see the debate is
going on precisely as I supposed it would, and
we are to have the same thing over and over
again. I do not want to stay here until mid-
night.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not intend, as the Sen-
ator from Maine intimates, to make over again
any speech that I have made heretofore in
regard to this particular question ; but I wish
to say before the vote is taken that I am sin-
cere and in earnest in voting for this bill as it
passed the Senate, from a desire that these
southern States shall be, at as early a day as
may be consistent with the public interest,
under a compliance with the law as it now
stands, readmitted to their places in the Union.
I do very sincerely desire that when they
choose to form constitutions in accordance
with the requirements of Congress they shall
be allowed to come back ; and I have a very
profound regret that the House of Representa-
tives should have interposed to the passage of
this bill what I believe is to be a fatal obstacle
probably in several of those States to the whole
plan of reconstruction.
There would have been very good reasons
for requiring the vote of a majority of all the
registered voters at the outset, when the regis-
tration shall have been just completed; but to
postpone it to the last stage, when you never
can get a vote upon the mere question of
adopting a constitution such as you can get
upon the election of delegates to a convention,
and when every man whose name stands on
the register and who shall have died in the
mean time, and every man whose name is on
that register and who shall have removed from
the State in the mean time, is to be counted
against the constitutions, as well as those
who choose to- stay at home—when they have
put it in this shape, I think they have planted
there one of the greatest obstacles to recon-
struction that could be put there; and, sir, I
am constrained to believe that it was intended
to plant that obstacle there.
If the Senate really means to open the way
for reconstruction, then the only course it has
is to refuse to concur in this amendment, and
to refuse to the end. I would rather refuse it
now and go home and come back next fall or
next winter and take the sense of the country
upon this proposition than to agree to this
thing now.
For these reasons, whenever the question
comes up on concurring in that amendment I
shall vote against concurrence, and I do hopo
that every Senator who really desires to see the
southern States reconstructed under the prin-
ciples that we have laid down will vote the
same way.
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is no member
of this body who always listens with more
pleasure than myself to the speeches made by
the honorable and distinguished chairman of
the Military Committee of this body, [Mr.
Wilson.] Sometimes in my own State, after
he has been there to enlighten us upon politi-
cal questions and how we should cast our
votes, I have been asked how was it possible
for men who differed so widely in political
opinions and whose actions in the Senate are
controlled, if not by so opposite motives, by
such opposite ideas, should have such personal
respect for each other, and I have said to my
people, I respect an honest man wherever I
find him, and I think the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is an honest and frank man.
I find him to-day, sir, the open and avowed
advocate for negro suffrage. My mind has
been refreshed from some little review of his
record. I find him during the last political
campaign visiting the great State of New York,
and at a town or a city (I do not know whether
it be a town or a city) called Yonkers telling
them that negro suffrage was not in contro-
versy. If my memory serves me right, he vis-
ited the State of New Jersey, and he enunci-
ated the same truth. He visited the State of
Delaware; he made several political speeches
in that State; and we were assured, according
to the record of his speeches published in the
newspapers, that that was not a question in the
political issue. The elections were decided
against the Democrats and in favor of the
party of which the honorable Senator is so dis-
tinguished a member. I find now that it is
claimed that that question was decided in those
political campaigns. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator if negro suffrage was wro*ng prior to the
last general election, was not an issue, how it
has become right since, and how it is now right.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the
Senator, without taking up any time of the
body, that at all times, on all occasions, from
the beginning, I have been in favor of negro
suffrage pure and simple, manhood suffrage,
and have given everybody here and everywhere
else, who cares anything about my opinions, to
understand that that was my opinion. The
speech to which he refers was asimple declara-
tion that the Republican party in that Stale had
not accepted that as an issue in the canvass;
but everybody knew very well what my opin-
ions were, and I was not backward in telling
them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then all I have got to
say in reply is, that the Republican party is,
as it professes to be, a progressive party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I take the liberty to make
a suggestion touching the question under eon-
*sideration, and that is this amendment. The
objection to it is that the voters will not come
out on the simple question of ratifying the con-
stitution. It will be perfectly proper for the
constitutional convention that frames the con-
stitution to provide by an ordinance that the
