186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 18,
and second time, and ordered to be referred to
to the Committee of Ways and Means when
appointed.
french spoliations.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill to provide for
the adjustment and satisfaction ot claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st of July, 1801;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
criminal code for tiie district.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to provide
a qriminal code for the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia when appointed, and to be
printed. «.
public schools in tiie district.
Mr. WELKER also introduced a bill to
provide a system of education for the public
schools of the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee for the District of]
Columbia when appointed, and to be printed.
cutting timber on public lands.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill to legal-
ize an act of the Legislature of the State of
California, and to grant the right to cut timber
from the public lands within the county of
Alpine, in the State of California; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
when appointed.
eli m. dennison.
Mr. ECKLEY introduced a bill for the relief
Eli M. Dennison, late crier of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee of Claims when
appointed.
effect of certain land patents.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to declare the effect of certain land patents;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands when appointed.
fees of claim agents, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a bill to regulate
the fees of claim agents and attorneys, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs when appointed, and
to be printed.
pay 01' officers of tub army, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK also introduced a bill to
repeal the twelfth section of an act approved
July 17, 1862, entitled "An act to define the
pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other, purposeswhich was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed, and to be printed.
muster-rolls for states.
Mr. SCHENCK also introduced a joint
resolution directing the Secretary of War to
furnish certain muster-rolls to the different
States; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when appointed, and to be
printed.
obstruction of railroads.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill to define and punish certain crimes ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
qualification of juiiors.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a bill in i elation to the qualification of jurors
in eeitain eases; which was read a first and 1
second time, referred to the Committee on the ;
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
deposit 01 trust funds in treasury.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a bill to authorize the deposit of trust funds
in the Treasury of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
punishment of certain crimes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a bill to repeal certain parts of the act ap-
proved April 80, 1790, entitled "An act for the
punishment of certain crimes against the Uni-
ted Stateswhich was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
rev. john m'mahon.
Mr. HOLMAN presented the following pre-
amble and resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Indiana; which wore referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed, namely:
Whereas in the late raid upon Canada, in t3io yeir
1866, known as the " Fenian movement," ltcv. John
McMahon, a quiet and estimable citizen of Ander-
son, Indiana, and pastor of the Catholic church at
that place, was arrested by_ the Canadian authorities,
indicted, tried, and convicted for violation of the
Canada laws, and is now serving out a sentence, un-
der such trial and conviction, for life; and whoreas
at the time of the arrest of said McMahon he was on
his road to Montreal, Canada, on private business,
and was by accident thrown among the sick and
wounded engaged in said movement, and while ad-
ministering to the needs of such sick and wounded,
from the impulses of pure humanity, was arrested as
aforesaid, intending in no way to participate in said
movement: Therefore.
Be it reaolvcd by the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Senators in Congiess be in-
structed, and our Representatives requested, to use
their inilucncc, and such other lawful means within
their power, to secure the speedy release and libera-
tion of ltcv. John McMahon from such impriaon-
ment.
And be it further enacted, That his Excoilency the
Governor be requested to transmit a copy of these
resolutions to each of our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress.
cancellation of legal tenders.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced an
act to suspend so much of an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
ways and means to support the Government,' "
approved April 13, 1SG6, as authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to cancel $1,000,000 of
legal tenders per month ; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means when
appointed.
yankton land district, dakota.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill for the en-
largement of the Yankton land district in the
Territory of Dakota ; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands when ap-
pointed.
capture of jefferson davis.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill to authorize
the payment of the reward offered by the Presi-
dent of the United States in April, 1865, for
the capture of Jefferson Davis; which was read
a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee of Claims when
appointed.
aquilla lockwood.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a bill providing for
the payment of the claim of Aquilla Lockwood,
for property destroyed during the war; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Claims when
appointed.
wrscossrs and lake superior railroad.
Mr. DRIGGS also introduced a bill granting
lands to the Stales of Wisconsin and Michigan,
to aid in the construction of the Wisconsin and
Lake Superior railroad and its branch ; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on the. Public
Lands when appointed.
solicitor of court 01? claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill
making the office of solicitor of the Court of
Claims a bureau in the office of the Attorney
General, and for other purposes; -which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
IOWA AND MISSOURI STATE LINE RAILROAD.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, also introduced a
bill granting land to the Iowa and Missouri
State Line Railroad Company, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second'
time, ordered to be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands when appointed, and to
be printed.
WILLIAM M'GARRAIIAN.
_Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, also introduced a
bill for the relief of William McGarrahan ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
government of the army.
Mr. DODGE introduced a bill to'amend the
act of April 10, 1806, to establish rules and
articles for the government of the armies of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time," ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs when appointed,
and to be printed.
OOODS FURNISHED BY SUTLERS.
Mr. DODGE also introduced a joint resolu-
tion in regard to goods furnished by sutlers to
officers, soldiers, &c.; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs when
appointed.
railroad to the pacific.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 18G2; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad when ap-
pointed, and to be printed.
NAVIGATION OF ZUMBRO RIVER, MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to grant
certain lands to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Zumbro river, in said State ; which was read
a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
when appointed.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. WINDOM presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota,
relative to the law equalizing bounties to vol-
unteers ; which was ordered to be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs when ap-
pointed.
UNION rACIFIC RAILROAD, SOUTHERN BRANCH.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
to secure the speedy construction of the Union
Pacific railroad (southern branch) and tele-
graph line, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes; wdiich was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad when ap-
pointed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the
construction of the southern- branch of the
Union Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort
Riley, Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas,"
approved July 20, lViO; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands when ap-
pointed, and to be printed.
NATIONAL BANKING LAW.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of Umfed States bonds and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof, and for
