190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
lativc officer of those States. It occurs to me
that our object was to exclude men who had
once taken the oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States and then fought
against that Constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is my state-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. Now, you propose to
take in any man who did not take the oath,
but who, peradventure, ought to have taken it.
Mr.. WILSON, of Iowa. And who after-
ward engaged in rebellion.
Mr. SPALDING. Exactly; will that not
include every official in those States ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is confined to
the same class of officers, executive and judi-
cial.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me a word?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The State
of Virginia in 1849, in anticipation of the re-
bellion, repealed all laws requiring the oath of
allegiance to the Government of the United'
States of America, and from that time forth
no such oath has been administered in the
State; and I take it that this is to supply that
deficiency.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Of course,
and very properly.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, if it be in
relation to this amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. It is in relation to the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it is not in rela-
tion to the amendment I cannot yield. I ask
the previous question on the amendment to
the amendment of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether, when these amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary are
disposed of, it will be in order to propose
amendments to a preceding part of the bill?
The SPEAKER. When the amendments
offered by the committee are disposed of it
will then be in order to offer amendments to
any part of the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. Will it be in order to
move to concur in the amendments of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question will then
recur on concurring in the Senate amendment
as amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The second amend-
ment which I am directed by the Committee on
theJudiciary to offer is upon page 10, in section
five, lines three, four, andfice, to strike out the
words "cast at said election, [at least one-half
of all the registered voters voting upon the
question of such ratification;"] so that it will
read:
Sf.C. 5. And bo it further enacted. That if, according
to paid returns, the constitution shall bo ratified by
a majority of the votes of the electors qualified as
herein specified, the president of the convention
shall transmit a copy of the same, duly certified, to
the President of the United State?, who shall forth-
with transmit the same to Congress, if then in ses-
sion, and if not in session, then immediately uponits
next assembling, &c.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to know if a
motion to concur in the Senate amendment is
not a privileged question?
The SPEAKER. It is; but a motion to
amend has priority.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish at the proper time
to make a motion to concur in the Senate
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on the subject on page 14 of the Digest.
The Clerk' read as follows :
"A motion to amend an amendment fsom either
House takes preecdoneo of a motion to agreo or dis-
agree. "
Mr. SPALDING. Then it will be in order
for me to make that motion after the amend-
ments are acted on; otherwise I would have
no opportunity at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can arrive at his object by inducing the House
to vote down these amendments, and then the
question will recur on agreeing to the amend-
ments of the Senate.
Mr. SPALDING. I had been led to believe
that the first question in order would be on
concurring in the Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. It would be, but if any
gentleman moves to amend the Senate amend-
ment that motion has precedence.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The object of this
amendment is to restore this provision of the
bill to the same condition in which it went to
the Senate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
that he insert the word "registered" before
the word "electors" in the third line, so that
it shall provide that "the constitution shall be
ratified by a majority of the votes of the regis-
tered electors qualified," &c.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. CIIANLER. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa if the effect of that amendment would
not be to make the registration of the voters the
test of the will of the people rather than their
ballots ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My construction
of the term "qualified electors" is that it
includes the registered electors, those who are
qualified to vote.
Mr. CHANLER. That is not the point I
make. If I understand the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellaisauger,]
its effect is to make the majority of the regis-
tered voters the test of the will of the people.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will state that
my interpretation of the word qualified refers
not to the matter of registration but to the
right to be registered, and it has been so de-
cided in contested-election casgs here. A man
is a qualified voter who has the right to be reg-
istered; and there was a decision made by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress that a man who was not
registered, but who was entitled to be registered,
was a voter. I therefore state to my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that unless he will accept
the amendment I have suggested, I will, if I
have the opportunity, move to insert the word
"registered" before the word "voters."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Siiellab auger,] although I do not'
think it will change the effect of the section.
I will modify my amendment in that respect;
and I now call the previous question on the
amendment as modified.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL. As this is an important
amendment I ask for the yeas and nays on its
adoption.
, The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 20, not vot-
ing 3G; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,
Jiroomall, Buckland. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Coyode,
Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eukley, Eggleston,
Eta, lfnrnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield, Gravely,
Hamilton, Hayes, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingeisoll, Judd, Julian, KellcVj Kel-
sey, Ketchain, Kitchen, Ivoontz, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan,Logan, Loushridse, Mallory, Marvin,
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perliam, Peters, Plants, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek.Scofield.Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Aaron P.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Twitch oil, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn,
Van Wyok, "Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welter, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom, an-d Wood-
bridge—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chan-
ler, Eldridge, Fox, Get//,, Glossbrenner, Holman,
Humphrey, Kerr, Marshall, McCullougli, Morgan,
Morrissey, "Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Sitgreavei, Stewart,
Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump, and Wood—
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Archer, Barnes, flrom
well, Sidney Clarke, Dawes, Dsnison, Eliot.-Jerry,
Knney, Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, Lynch, McCarthy, Moorhead, Morrell, Phelps,
Pike, Pile. Poland, Price, Raum. Ross, Stone, Talfe,
Thomas, Trowbridge, William B. Washburn, John
T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I notice that in the
first section of the amendment of the Senate,
the act of the 2d of March, 18G7, is described
as " An act approved March 2." As it was not
approved, but passed over the veto of the Pres-
ident, it should read " act passed," &c.
The SPEAKER. The word "approved" is
an error of the printer ; the engrossed bill con-
tains the word "passed" and not " approved."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the sixth section of the amendment of the Sen-
ate by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That if any person shall knowingly and
falsely take and subscribe any oath in this act pre-
scribed, such person so offending, and being thereof
duly convicted, shall be subject to the pains, penal-
ties, and disabilities which by law are provided for
the punishment of the crime of willful and corrupt
perjury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I now move that
the House concur in the amendment of the
Senate as amended; and on that I call the
previous question.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must decline to
yield; I ask the sense of the House on the
question.
The previous question was seconded upon a
division—ayes 83, noes 11.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the amendment of
the Senate, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote last taken; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTURED COIN AND BULLION".
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to joint res-
olution of the House No. 10, in relation to
certain coin and bullion on special deposit in
the Treasury.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
after the word " States" in line four the words
" after said bullion is converted by direction
of the Treasurer into coin.''
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. ELLIS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. '2t>, for the relief of John
H. Ellis, a paymaster in the United States
Army; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. LOAN. I ask that this bill be put upon
its passage at this time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides for
the allowance to John H. Ellis, in the set-
tlement of his accounts as paymaster, of
$3,673 91, being the amount lost in conse-
quence of the larcency of §10,093 91 of the
public moneys from his custody at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kansas, on the night of January 1,
18G6, if the Paymaster General shall deem him
justly entitled to this credit, and shall certify
his approval of it.
Mr. WARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether this claim was not submitted to the
Committee of Claims of this House during the
last Congress, and considered by that com-
mittee?
Mr. LOAN. It was not. It was considered
by the Senate committee during the Thirty-
Ninth as well as the present Congress, and
