194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
shut out by this construction of the First Comp-
troller.
Mr. SCHENCK. I presented this morning
the memorial of the watchmen and other em-
ployes in the quartermaster's department, who
are also shut out by the construction of the
Comptroller. It was Yeferred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I ask the gentleman
to modify his resolution so as to include them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman had
better provide for them in a separate resolu-
tion. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under'the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSW0RTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
moneys covered into the treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
directing certain moneys now in the hands of
/the United States Treasurer, as special agent
of the Treasury Department, be covered by
warrant into the United States Treasury; yvhich
was read a first and second time.
The preamble states that there is now in the
hands of the Treasurer of the United States,
as special agent of the Treasury Department,
several million dollars, the proceeds of prop-
erty captured duringtherebellion, which money
is under the control of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and as it now stands maybe disposed
of in settling claims preferred by the alleged
former owners of said captured property with-
out the sanction of Congress, and that it is but
proper such claims should not be settled and
paid without first receiving the approval of
Congress; and the resolution then directs that
all moneys thus held by the Treasurer of the
United SEates shall be at once covered by war-
rants into the United States Treasury by au-
thority of law.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
straw wrapping-paper, etc.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make a brief
explanation preparatory to submitting a motion
to suspend the rules. During the considera-
tion of the internal revenue bill in the House
there was an amendment adopted to put "straw
wrapping-paper" on the free list. It was in-
tended afterward to add wrapping-paper made
from "wood," but the opportunity did not occur
in the House, and it was suggested that the
matter could be properly adjusted in the Sen-
ate. But in that branch also it was neglected,
and the assurance was giv«n that it should be
rectified in the conference conjjjMttee, by re-
taining the tax on straw paper or removing it
from the paper made of wood. Either arrange-
ment would be fair; but to exempt the one and
tax the other is certainly to make an injurious
discrimination. But in the conference com-
initee, by some oversight or mistake, the mat-
ter was neglected. And on Saturday last,
finding on an examination of the amended
internal revenue act that "straw" paper was
placed on the free list, while paper made from
" wood " is still left subject to a tax-of five per'
cent., I addressed a line to the late chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee, now an
honored Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] for an explanation of the matter. To
my inquiry Mr. Morrill made the following
reply:
Washington', D. C., March 16,1867.
My dear Sik: Tour favor of this day is at hand.
Ididcertainly suppose that "straw wrapping-paper"
was stricken from the exempt list in the tax bill in
the committee of conference. It is very plain that
if wrapping-paper made of straw is exempt, then
that made of " wood" should also be exempt. Being
used for the same purposes they should be placed on
an equality. «r if any discrimination is made, it
ought not to bo against an enterprise in its infancy,
and as yet of small magnitude.
Very truly yours, JUSTIN S. MORRILL.
Hon. James G. Blaine.
Now, I have drawn up a bill to meet this
difficulty, which I think no gentleman can ob-
ject to. It affects the revenue to a very incon-
siderable amount. The object simply is to ex-
empt wrapping-paper made of wood, the same
as paper made of straw is now exempt from tax.
The title of it is, "A bill to exempt wrapping-
paper made of wood from internal tax."
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides for the exemption from internal
tax, from and after the passage of this act, of
wrapping-paper made of wood.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman
from Maine to allow an amendment by insert-
ing the word "corn-stalks."
Mr. BLAINE. I am perfectly willing to
accept that, because they all ought to be on
the same footing.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is a very important
manufacture.
No objection being made, the amendment
of Mr. Garfield was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to include the manufacture of ladders.
Mr. BLAINE. That is raising another
question, and I cannot accept it. This is not
original legislation, but simply by way of correc-
tion. The late chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who is a man of great accu-
racy, admits that this was a mistake. I call
the previous question.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to say a single word.
I think the gentleman will have no objection
to my proposition when he hears my statement.
I am advised that every manufacture from
wood was put on the free list under the last
internal revenue law except the article I
named. One of my constituents has addressed
me a complaint on this subject during this
session of Congress.
Mr. BLAINE. I will cheerfully vote for a
bill to meet that object if the gentleman will
introduce it on its own merits. It is hardly
cognate matter in the connection in which it is
offered.
Mr. JUDD. As I understood the letter of
the gentleman from Vermont, it is an argument
for putting wrapping-paper made of wood on
the same basis as similar paper made of straw,
and understanding it thus I think while we are
equalizing these things we should place all
sorts of manufactures from wood upon the
same basis and allow this poor ladder business
to come in upon the free list.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot think it appropriate
in this bill.
The SPEAKER. Even if the gentleman
from Maine should allow the amendment, it
would not be germane to this bill. Its title is
in relation to wrapping-paper.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by adding the word
"corn-stalks."
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington temperance society.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to authorize the Washing-
ton Temperance Society to issue certificates
of stock without revenue stamps.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider
that motion as an objection to the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: The petition of John
Butler, of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, a soldier in the
war of 1812 with Great Britain, graying for a pension.
By Mr. PIKE: The memorial of the river im-
provement, convention, held in St. Louis, Missouri,
February 13,1867.
By Mr.SCHENCK: The memorial of employ6s of
the Quartermaster General's office, praying for such
legislation as will entitle them to the twenty per
cent, extra compensation allowed by law to other
Government employes.
By Mr. VAN W YCK: The petition of Samuel
Strong, praying for relief.
Also, the petition of Michael Maher, praying that
the pension certificate issued to him be dated Janu-
ary 31,1864. instead of March 4,1865.
By Mr. WINDOM: The memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, for the establishment of a mail
route from Rochester, in Olmstead county, to Leroy,
in Mower county, by way of Pleasant Grove, Ham-
ilton, and Spring Valley.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 19, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate instructing the joint Committee
on Retrenchment to examine into the method
adopted by the Treasury Department to print
bonds, notes, and securities of the United
States, ^nd what guards have been adopted to
prevent frauds and mistakes.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of yje
Senate to amend the nineteenth joint rule of
the two Houses to prevent the sale or use of
liquors in the Capitol building or the grounds
adjacent thereto.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 72) to exempt wrapping-
paper made from wood or corn-stalks from in-
ternal tax;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) suspend-
ing all proceedings in relation to payment for
slaves drafted or received as volunteers in the
military service of the United States ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 16) fixing the
rate of duty on umbrellas and wire spiral fur-
nituTe springs;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) author-
izing the Secretary of War to turn over certain
property of the United States at Camp Chaso,
Ohio, for the use of the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, and for other pur-
poses ;
A jointresolution (H. R. No. 18) to extend to
the employfes in the first division of the National
Currency Bureau of the Treasury Department
the provisions of the joint resolution approved
February 28, 1867, giving additional compen-
sation to certain employlsjn the civil service
at Washington; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 19) directing
that certain moneys now in the hands of the
United States Treasurer, as special agent of the
Treasury Department, be covered by warrant
into the United States Treasury.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Henry
Birch, Charles Stewart, and George Neitzey,
praying compensation for paving and grading
certain streets in Washington city, District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Iowa and Minnesota, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Decorah,
Iowa, to Rushford, Minnesota; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the equaliza-
tion of bounties to volunteers; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to _ the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia-
He also presented memorials of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
