198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
ment of a year. It seems to me there ought
to be no objection to the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This resolution has
not even been reported by a committee. It
does not appear on its face to have been
reported by the authority of any committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has
been reported tEis morning from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand from the
chairman of the committee that it is not re-
ported from that committee, and it does not
appear to be so on its face.
Mr. MORTON. How is that? *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that this
resolution is not reported by the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
chairman's statement on that point.
Mr. WILSON. I will relate the fact pre-
cisely as it stands. -This joint resolution was
introduced by the Senator from Indiana and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
At the time the matter came before the com-
mittee there were but three members present.
The Senator was anxious to report it, and I
said to him that he might report it to the Sen-
ate. A majority of the committee was not
present, and the report was made by common
assent of those present without an examination
by a quorum of the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he did not himself instruct me
to report the resolution back ?
Mr. WILSON. There was not a quorum of
the committee present, and it was simply the
understanding of those present that it might
be submitted to the Senate, each member of
the committee to be left at liberty to take his
own course with regard to it. I thought from
what the Senator said that he was exceedingly
anxious to get the matter before the Senate at
this session ; but there was not a majority of
the committee present to consider it, and of
course the committee as an organization should
not be held responsible for it. The Senator
reported the joint resolution with my assent
in order to bring it before the Senate and give
him an opportunity to explain it.
Mr. MORTON. There was the same num-
ber present when this instruction was given to
me by the chairman of the committee that were
present when many other matters were passed
upon that have been or will be reported to the
Senate. If it was not proper for the number
of the committee who were then present to
direct the resolution to be reported back, the
chairman of the committee understands it
much better than I do. I reported it back
according to his instructions, and supposed
that in doing so I was doing what was right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This shows the very
great danger of acting upon bills in this way.
They come in here at a little session, when
Congress is kept together for a special pur-
pose, and Senators desiring to get matters
through procure them to be reported without
an examination according to our rules of pro-
ceeding. It is a very incorrect, very loose,
and very dangerous mode of proceeding, and
I must enter my objection against it.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to have this mat-
ter understood. If this resolution is not con-
sidered as having been reported by the com-
mittee let it be referred back, and I shall know
how to be governed hereafter in my action on
such subjects. I presume there were as many
persons present in committee when this matter
was considered by it as there were present when
many other things are agreed to be reported.
I will not say that the objection is a captious
one, but I simply want to have it understood
what the rule is, so that I may be governed by
it ii
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the hon-
orable Senator that the invariable rule is to
require a majority of a committee.
Mr. WILSON. All important bills referred
to the Military Committee are taken up and
examined carefully when a majority is pres-
ent. We had a majority of the committee
early the morning when this was taken up;
and we pasSed on some nominations, although
the nominations were mostly those to which
nobody made any objection. This matter was
brought up just before the close of the meeting
of the committee, when there was only one
member present, beside the Senator and myself.
The other member of the committee, who had
been in, making a quorum, was then out. The
Senator expressed his anxiety to have the mat-
ter come before the Senate at this session, and
I stated to him that he might report the joint
resolution to the Senate, supposing that there
could be no misunderstanding about it on his
part or on mine, but that it would be under-
stood that the committee as an organization
had not examined it and could not be held
responsible for it. That has been done once
or twice; members of committees report a
bill without committing the committee to it.
It has been done by other committees of this
body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ithas neve^beendone
by any committee of which I have been a
member.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this matter goes over, I
desire to move that the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 28 be resumed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mat-
ter before the Senate must be disposed of.
The question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill is not before
the Senate. I requested that it be read in or-
der that I might understand what it was, to
see whether I would object to it or not, and I
have been constantly stating my objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
put the question to the Senate, whether they
would proceed to its consideration, and no ob-
jection being made the Chair regarded the bill
as before the Senate, and an amendment to it
was offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana if he will not consent to let
this joint resolution lie over until to-morrow
morning, so that it may be compared with pre-
cedents in other cases, and its conformity to
those precedents ascertained? That course
will save timeand discussion, I think. I believe
it is quite usual here, when a request is made
by a Senator to have a bill lay over a day, so
that he can examine it, to accede to his re-
quest. That is my understanding of the prac
tice.
Mr. MORTON. The only objection is, the
late period of the session. A postponement
of this matter for one day, endangers the pas-
sage of the joint resolution through the House
of Representatives. That is the only objec-
tion on my part. I care not how much exami
nation there is of it. If the Senator from Ore-
gon is specially desirous that it shall be laid
over, I shall consent; but at the same time I
give him my reason why I think it is not
advisable.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not so particular
about it myself, but I am satisfied that there
are other gentlemen more experienced in these
matters who desire to examine the measure,
and who will object to its passage at this time ;
and it is probable that upon examination and
some formal amendments, it may be passed
without much controversy.
Mr. MORTON. Very well. Let* it go over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. ' I move that its further
consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 1) presenting
the thanks of Congress to George Peabody;
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) for the
relief of freedmen or destitute colored people
in the District of Columbia; and
The bill (S. No. 49) to repeal a joint reso-
lution entitled "A resolution to provide for
the removal of the wreck of the steamship
Scotland," approved January 29, 1867.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, afid by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 84) to amend an act entitled "An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1, 1862; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 85) to authorize the Southern Minnesota
Railroad Company to construct a bridge across
the-Mississippi river between La Crosse, in the
State of Wisconsin, and the opposite bank of
said river, in the State of Minnesota; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
86) extending to the State of Nebraska the
provisions of an act relating to agricultural
colleges; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
87) to further define the qualifications of mem-
bers of Congress; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. • .
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 37) for the relief of First
Lieutenant Henry B. Mears; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, the bill (S. No.
24) to regulate the selection of grand and petit
jurors in the Territory of Utah, and for other
purposes, and the joint resolution (S. R. No.
10) proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, heretofore intro-
duced by him, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, ieave to introduce
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 38) authorizing
the chief of Engineers to employ assistant
civil engineers ; which was read twice.
Mr. WILSON. I should like'an explanation
of that. <
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for its
present consideration, and I will make a state-
ment. It is known to the Senate that Congress
at the last session ordered pretty extensive -
examinations and surveys to be made by the
engineer department in several directions. It
is said by that department that the regular
force at their command is not adequate to the
speedy and efficient execution of this work,
and this resolution has the approval of that
department. The Senate will judge of the
propriety of it. If there be no objection to it
I ask for its present consideration; otherwise,
let it go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution provides
for giving these persons the pay of a colonel
of Engineers. What is that ? That is a way
of fixing compensation that I thought we had
abandoned some years ago.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 think this ought to be
referred to some committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to go
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, because I suppose the chief auty is
in relation to public works in this District.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh no; it has
reference to civil engineers to assist in the sur-
veys and examinations of rivers and harbors.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
