202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope it will not be
seconded.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
41, noes 41.
Mr. RANDALL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Randall,
and Mr. J odd were appointed.
The House again divided and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be
now put.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I hope the gentleman
will modify his bill,so as to include "stoves."
Mr. JUDD. I will do anything, I will say,
if in order, for my friend from Ohio; but when
I asked yesterday to have this added to a bill
to which I thought it was germane, gentle-
men told me not to embarrass their measure
and they would help me to pass mine. Mine
is bere now, And I hope the gentleman will not
embarrass it with his proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 61, not voting
43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson. Archcr. James
M. Ashley, Barnes, Beaman, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer,
Brooks, Broomall, Reader vY. Clarke, Driggs. Eld-
ridge, Fields, Finney, Fox, Garfield. Gefz, Gfloss-
brenner, Haight,Holman, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Ketcham, Laflin, Lincoln, Morgan, Mungen,
Ncwcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Orth. Paine,
Perham, Polsley, Pomeroy. Randall, Robortson,
Schcnek, Shanks, Si tgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Thad-
dous Stevens, Taber, Xwitchell, Upson,Van Aernarn,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas
■Williams, William Williams, and Wood—59.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Dolos R. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Bingham, Bromwell, Buekland, Burr,
Churchill, Sidney Clarko, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cul-
lom. Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleaton, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Gravely, .Hamilton, llayes. Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen, William Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, Alallory, Marshall, McClurg,
Mereur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, O'Neill, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Ross, Sawyer, Seofield, Shclla-
bargcr, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart. Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Wyek, Henry I). Wash-
burn, Welker, James F. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Banks, Blaine,
Butler. Cake. Chanler, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Den-
ison, Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, Griswold, Halsey, Harding,
Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll, Kelsoy, Koontz, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin, MoCarthy, Mc-
Cullough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Myers, Phelps. Pike.
Price, Pruyn, Raum, Robinson, Selyc, Stone, Ward,
William B.Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—43.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PAiNE demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Tlio yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
66, noes 53. #
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message 1'kom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate concurred in the first and fourth amend-
ments, and disagreed to the second and third
amendments of the House to the amendment
of the Senate to House bill No. 33, supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and to facili-
tate restoration.
It also informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 39) to provide means for the
prosecution of work on the distributing 'reser-
voir of the Washington aqueduct;
A jointresolution (S. R. No. 25) to make valid
the laws of New Mexico passed at the session
of the Legislature held at Santa F6 from the
3d day of December, 1866, to the 31st of Jan-
uary, 1867; and '
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) directingthe
Secretary of War to furnish certain arms and
equipments to the State of Tennessee.
washington aqueduct.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyl-
vania, Senate bill No. 39, to provide means
for the prosecution of.the work on the distrib-
uting reservoir of the Washington aqueduct,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
its reference to the Committee on Appropria-
tions when appointed. It contains an appro-
priation.
Mr. KELSEY. I move its reference to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
it ought to go the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole has priority.
The question being taken on the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole, it was
disagreed to—ayes 37, noes 56.
The bill was then ordered to be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations when ap-
pointed.
government of the rebel states.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
House took up from the Speaker's table the
message of the Senate in relation to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendment of the
Senate to House bill No. 33, supplementary to
an act entitled " An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
■passed March 2, 1867, and to facilitate restora-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House insist upon its amendments disagreed to
by the Senate, and request a committee of con-
ference, and on that I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
recede from -its amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amend-
ments disagreed to by the Senate be reported.
The Clerk reported the amendments, as fol-
lows :
On page 5, line four, after the word " the".where it
occurs the second time insert the word "registered."
"On the same page, after the word "specified" in
line live strike out the words "east at said election,
(at least one half of all the registered voters voting
upon tho question of sueh ratification.)"
The section, as amended, reads as follows:
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted. That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall bo ratified by
amajority of the votes of the registered electors quali-
fied as herein specified, the president of the conven-
tion shall transmit a copy of the same, duly certified,
to the President of the United States, whoshall forth-
with transmit the same to Congress, if then in session,
and if not in session thon immediately upon its next
assembling, &o.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was stated first on the motion
to recede.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 78, not voting
23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes. Bingham, Blair,
Boyor, Brooks, Buekland, Burr, Chanler, Reader W.
Claxke, Coburn, Cornell, Eldridge, Ferry, Fields,
Fox, Getz. Glossbrenner. Haight, Halsey, Hamilton,
Holman, Hooper, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Chester I>.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz,
Mailory, Marshall, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Newcomb. Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Orth, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Rob-
inson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart,
Taber, Thomas. Twitchell, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodbridge—61.
NAYS-—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Beaman,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Covode, Dodge,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston-Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Hayes. Hopkins, Hulburd,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketoham, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Longhridgo,
Marvin, MeClure, Merour, Morrell, O'Neill, Paiuo,
Perham, Peters, Pile, Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenok, Seofield, Selye, Shanks, Shellajarger, Aaron
F. Stevens, Thtiddeus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam.Burt Van Ilorn, Robert
T. V an Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Bromwell, Cullom,
Dawes, Denison. Donnelly, Eliot, Griswold, Harding,
Hill, Ingersoll.GeorgeV. Lawrence, Lynch.McCarthy,
McCullough, Moorhead. Myers, Phelps, Pike, Price,
Raum, Stone, and William B. Washburn—23.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to in-
sist on the amendment of the House disagreed
to by the Senate, and ask for a committee of
conference ; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House Messrs. Wilson, of
Iowa, Boutwell, and Marshall.
enkolled bill and resolutions signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same: % •
An act (S. No. 22) in relation to a certain
tract of land in Burlington, Iowa;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 26) providing for
the necessary surveys for a ship-canal between
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario for military, naval,
and commercial purposes; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) amending
the ninth section of "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to provide for the better secur-
ity of the lives of passengers on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes,' " approved August 30,
1852.
chaplain op the house.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce and put upon
its passage a joint resolution to authorize the
payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton, as Chaplain
of the House of Representatives of the Fortieth
Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be reported.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes Rev. Charles B. Boynton to draw
the amount appropriated for the payment of
the Chaplain of the House for the Fortieth
Congress, and appropriates a sum sufficient to
pay him the usual salary for the present fiscal
year. *
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The De-
partment construes the law in such a manner
that unless the name of the Chaplain is given
he cannot draw the amount appropriated for
his pay. A similar joint resolution for the
same purpose was passed last year.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would inquire of the
Chair what is the usual salary of the Chaplain?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
parliamentary rules; but the Chair can answer
the gentleman. The salary is about nine hun-
dred dollars.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was received, read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvement of the mississippi.
Mr. PILE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resohed, That tho Speaker of this House bo re-
quested to appoint a special committee on the im-
provement of the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries, to consist of seven members, to whom shall be
referred all memorials, petitions, maps, surveys, and
reports in relation to the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river and its tributaries, and the construc-
tion of levees on the lower Mississippi and Red riv-
ers, with authority^ to sit during the recess of this
House, and to employ a clerk at the same compen-
sation as clerk of the Committee on Commerce, for
the purpose of examining the progress of work 01
