THE 0ON GKESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarcK 19,
issue before the people of my own Slate, and
should if the issiie; were to extend to
other States,. 11 desire the verdict of tfee peo-
pie upon this great question.
This bill is important, to several classes of
people.
It is important to our wounded and maimed
soldiers, who are unable, to work for their living,
and whose present pensions are wholly inade-
quate to their' support; It is important to
those bereaved wives and parents whose habil-
iments, of woe are to be seen in every house,
and proclaim the cruel losses which have been
inflicted on them by the murderous hands of
traitors.
It is important to the loyal men, North and
South, who have been plundered and impover-
ished by rebel raiders and rebel Legislatures.
It is important to four millions of injured,
oppressed, and helpless men, whose ancestors
for two eenturies have been held in bondage
and compelled to earn the very property a
small portion of which we propose to restore
to them, and who are now destitute, helpless,
and exposed to want and starvation under the
deliberate cruelty of their former masters.
It is also important to the delinquents whose
property it takes a#-a fine—a punishment for
the great crime of making war to destroy the
Republic, and for prosecuting the war in vio-
lation of all the rules of civilized warfare. It
is certainly too smjjl a, punishment for so deep
a crime, and too slight a warning to future ages.
No committee or party is responsible for
this bill. It is chargeable to the President and
myself. Whatever merit it possesses is due to
Andrew Johnson. In the summer of 18G4 he
said in a public speech:
" Let me say now is tho time to secure these funda-
mental principles, while the land is rent with anar-
chy and upheaves with the throes of a mighty revo-
lution. While society is in this disordered state
and we aro seeking security, let us fix the founda-
tions of tho Government on the principles of eternal
justice, which will endure for all time.
" Shall he who brought this misery upon the State
be ponmttod to control its destinies? If this be so,
then all this precious blood of our brave soldiors and
officors, so freely poured out, will have been wantonly
spilled. All the glorious victories won by our noble
armies will go for naught, and ail tho bn.ttle-flclds
which have been sown with dead heroes during the
rebellion will have been made memorable in vam.
"Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
that treason might bo put down and traitors pun-
ished. I say the traitor has ceased to be a citizen,
and in joining the rebellion has become a public
enemy.
"Treason must be made odious, and traitors must
bo punished and impoverished; their groat planta-
tions must bo soized and divided into small portions,
and sold to honest, industrious men. The day for
protecting; tho lands and negroes of theso authors of
rebellion is past. It is high time it was. I have
been most deeply pained at some things which have
come under my observation. We got men in com-
mand, who, under the influence of flattery, fawning,
and caressing, grant protection to tho traitor, wbilo
the poor Union man stands out in the cold."
This is all the eloquent language of Andrew
Johnson as "he was." This was the text which
I took up and elaborated in a speech to my
constituents at Lancaster in September, 1865,
and which has been much criticised by humane
sympathizers with rebels. Andrew Johnson
was the apostle whose preachings I followed.
His doctrine pervades and animates this whole
bill. Whatever of justice is in it is duo to him.
I call upon his friends to stand by him in this,
his favorite policy. If you now desert him,
who can you expect to defend the "much-en-
during man " at the other end of the avenue?
Having thus rendered unto Cassar the things
that are Cassar's, I will proceed to defend the
course recommended by him, who above all
others knows what is due to traitors.
This bill, it seems to me, can be condemned
only by the eriminals and their immediate
fiiends, and by that unmanly kind of men.
whose intellectual and moral vigor has melted
into a fluid weakness which they mistake for
mercy, and which is untempered with a single
grain of justice, and to those religionists who
mistake meanness for Christianity, and who
forget that tho cssence of religion is to "do
unto others, what others have a right to expect
from you." It is offensive to certain preten-
tious doctors of divinity who are mawkishly
prating about the "fatted calf, the prodigal
son, and the forgiving father." They forget
that there is no analogy- between the cases.
The thoughtless youth having received a part
of his father's estate, and probably taking a
load of corn- to market, fell into, bad company
and contracted the loathsome vice of drunk-
enness, and spent the money in rioting and
debauchery, and, like all drunkards, made his
bed with the swine and fed on husks; but like
one case only in a thousand he reformed,
.joined the total abstinence society, washed
himself clean, brushed his clothes, and with
repentant steps returned to his father's house.
Well might his aged parent rejoice ; well might
he kill the fatted calf at such a rescue. But
how venial was such offense compared with
this murderous rebellion"!
When the great ancestor of this bloody race
had slain his brother, and tremblingly met his
Judge and sought for pardon, what was the
answer? " The voice of thy brother's blood
crieth unto me from the ground. And now art
thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened
her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from
thy hand. When thou tillest the ground it
shall not henceforth yield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond sbalt.
thou be in the earth." "When Cain cried out
that his " punishment was more than he could
bear," the Judge who administered justice in
mercy drove him forth into stern, inexorable
exile. He taught no forgiveness for such sins.
Lie prated of no "fatted calves."
I proceed to consider the bill. By the act
of 17th July, 1802, treason is made punish-
able by death or some smaller punishment,
at the discretion of the court. Before punish-
ment can be inflicted for treason or misprision
of treason the party must be duly convicted
in a court of the United States. Not so with
the balance of the bill. All the rest of that
law .(after the first four sections) refers to per-
sons engaged in the belligerent army, or offi-
cially connected with the government known
as the " confederate States of America," or to
those who voluntarily aided that power. While
that law supposed that most of the people
composing that army and government were
traitors, yet they are dealt with in all the
provisions which refer to confiscation merely
as belligerents making' an unjust war. The
forfeitures which follow from a conviction for
treason are left to the operations of the com-
mon law.
The fifth section enacts that—
To insure thespeedy termination of tho presontrc-
bellion it shall bo the duty of the President of tho
United States to cause the seizure of all tho estates
and property, money, stocks, credits, and effects of
the persons hereinafter named in this section, and
apply and use the same and the pioceeds thereof
for the support of the Army of the United States.
Then followthe enumeration of all the officers
of the army and navy of the confederate gov-
ernment; all the civil officers of said govern-
ment: all persons engaged in the army or navy,
or aiding said confederate States of America,
unless they laid down their arms within a given
time.
To secure the condemnation of property thus
seized, proceedings in rem are to be instituted
wherever the property may be found, which
proceeding shall follow the proceedings in ad-
miralty or revenue cases, and the same shall be
condemned as enemies' property, and become
the property of,the United States, and the pro-
ceeds paid into the Treasury of the United
States. (Seventh section act of 17th July, 1862.)
The eighth section provides that the court shall
make all necessary orders, and the marshal shall
make deeds and conveyances for such-property
to the purchaser, and then such titles shall be
good and valid.
This law is unrepealed. It is in full force,
and stands on the statute-book as one of the
laws which the President swore to execute.
(Would to God he had obeyed his oath! Let
us see that we obey ours.)
It may be objected that the Government is
stretching its powers in making such confisca-
tions. That was a question well considered
when the act of 1862 was passed. It must be
remembered that this is not an open question;
we-are merely considering the enforcement of
an existing law. But I will briefly review some
of the argjiments in favor of the right. We are
treating these belligerents simply as enemies,
and their property as enemies' property now in
the possession and power of the fconqueror.
Bythe law of nations in its most stringent pro-
vision all the property, liberty, and lives of a
conquered enemy who has waged an unjust
war are at the disposal of the victor. Modern
civilization will seldom justify the exercise of
the extreme right. The lives, the liberty, and,
in most cases, the real property of the van-
quished aro left untouched. The property,
however, of the vanquished is held in some
shape liable to pay the expenses and damages
sustained by the injured party. If peace is
brought about by treaty, it is usually stipulated
that the expenses and damages shall be paid
by the defeated belligerent. As such remu-
neration must be levied as taxes on the sub-
jects, it does subject all their property to this
burden. Where there is no government capa-
ble of making terms of peace, the law-making
power of the conqueror must fix the terms.
This gives thein sufficient right to take just
such property as it may deem proper. Where
the subdued belligerent is composed of traitors,
their personal crimes aggravate their belliger-
ent offense and justify severer treatment, just
as a tribe of savages are treated with more
rigor than civilized foes.
From such a people much more might and
ought to be exacted than from an honorable
enemy. Whenever example requires it, heavy
fines should be imposed and the criminals
reduced to poverty, as was properly required
by our excellent President. Yattel says :
" When, therefore, he has subduedahostilenation,
he undeniably may, in the first place, do himself
justice respecting the object which has given rise to
the war, and indemnify himself for the expenses and
damages which he has sustained by it."
Halleck (page -157) says th'at by strict right
property on land and real estate is subject to
seizure, though seldom enforced with an ordi-
nary enemy.
All writers agree with Yattel (page 360)—
"Thus a conqueror who has taken up arms not
only against tho sovereign, but against the nation
herself, and whose intention it was to subdue a fierce
and savage people, and once for all to reduce an
obstinate enemy, such a conqueror may with justice
lay burdens on the conquered nation, both as com-
pensation for the expenses of the wat and as a pun-
ishment."
Apply these principles to the case in hand.
The cause of the war was slavery. We have
liberated the slaves. It is our duty to protect
them, and provide for them while they are
unable to provide for themselves. Llavc we
not a right, in the language of Yattel, "to do
ourselves justice respecting the object which
has caused the war," by taking lands for home-
steads for these " objects" of the war?
Have we not a right, if we chose to go to
that extent, to indemnify ourselves for the ex-
penses and damages caused by the war ? We
might make the property of the enemy pay the
$4,000,000,000 which we have expended, as
well as the damages inflicted on loyal men by
confiscation and invasion, which might reach
$1,000,000,000 more. This bill is mcrciful,
asking less than one tenth of our just claims.
We could be further justified in inflicting
severe penalties upon this whole hostile people
as " a fierce and savage people," as an " obsti-
nate enemy," whom it is a duty to tame and
punish. Our future safety require stern justice.
What more " savage or fierce people'' than
they who deliberately starved to death sixty
thousand prisoners of war; who shot or re-
duced to bondage all captive soldiers of the
colored race; who sought to burn our cities
through secret agents; who sent infected mate-
rials into our most populous towns to destroy
non-combatants, old men, women, and chil-
dren, by the most loathsome and fatal diseases;
and who consummated their barbarism by the
assassination of the mildest of rulers and the
bestofmen? If this is not a " fierce and sav-
