1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ir
age enemy " whom we have a right to reduee
to absolute submission and dependence, .point
me out one to which the language of Vattel will
apply. You would do great injustice to those
mild savages who owed ns no allegiance by
pointing to those who perpetrated the massacre
of Wyoming; oT to the Camanehe's or the wild
Indians of the West, or the fierce tribes of the
Oronoco—and yet you seize their lands and
expel them from their native country.
I suppose none will deny the right to confis-
cate the property of the several belligerent
States, -as they all made war as States; or of
the confederate States of America; for no one
ever.denied the right of the conqueror to the
crown property of the vanquished sovereign,
even where the seizure of private property
would not be justified by the circumstances.
That would give us all called for by the first
section of the bill. I believe Texas has about
one hundred and ten million acres. She re-
tained.all her public lands at thetimeof annex-
ation on the condition of paying her own debts;
and afterward called on the United States Gov-
ernment for the payment of those very debts,
and procured it. I know not how much the
other States may have; possibly enough to make
up, with Texas, one hundred and fifty million
acres. But it is said that any of the property
of the sovereign is subject to seizure by the
conqueror ; in ordinary wars between monarch-
ies such is the fact; but that is not the case
where war is made on a whole hostile people—
"a fierce and savage people." But, admitting"
the limitation to prevail, still it does not ob-
struct us.
Here is a belligerent made up of men whose
crimes had forfeited all their rights, independ-
ently of their belligerent liabilities. But beyond
that, the case of republics is very different from
absolute governments, where the people are
responsible for nothing; are guilty of nothing.
The sovereign and his estate may well be dis-
tinguished from his subjects and their estates.
But in republics, the people—the whole people
—are the sovereigns. All the responsibility of
the acts of the Government falls upon all the
people. Their individual property must an-
swer for the expenses, damages, and indemni-
ties which fall on the Government of the nation.
The Romans, from whom we derive our national
law, held that the private property of every cit-
izen might be seized, because he was a sover-
eign, a part of the governing power.
But it matters not what you may think of the
efficiency of theactof July 17, 18G2. The laws
of war authorize us to take this property by our
sovereign power; by a law now to be passed.
We have a subdued enemy in our power; we
have all their property and lives at our disposal.
No peace has been formed. Notermsof peace
or of reconciliation have been yet proclaimed,
unless the proclamation of the President can
make peace and war. The Constitution denies
him any power in either case. Then, unless
Andrew Johnson be king, the terms of peace
are yet to be proclaimed. Among those terms,
as we have shown, we have a right to impose
confiscation of all their property—to "impov-
erish '' them, as Andrew Johnson has told us ;
to" "divide their large farms and sell them to
industrious men." This is strict law and good
common sense. Now, then, without reference
to any former act, we have a right to seize the
property namedinthis bill, and ten times more.
You behold at your feet a conquered foe, an
atrocious enemy. Tell him on what terms he
may arise and depart or remain loyal. But do
not embrace him too hastily. Be sure first
that there is no dagger in his girdle. The Pres-
ident has been throwing thick around him
decrees and proclamations and speeches upon
subjects wholly beyond his jurisdiction. He
assumes that his declaration of a fact creates a
fact, however false it may be. His constitu-
tions dictated to hordes of rebels; his declara-
tion that the States are States in the Union;
his proclamation that peace is restored, he has
cunningly put forth as cumulative evidence of
the condition of the '' confederate States.''
Net one of them is any better than waste paper.
All put toge ther are butaccumulated nonsense.
Does-he expect to deceive or to bewilder Con.
gress by such incoherent assumptions ? I think
that Congress will proceed in that calm, unim-
passioned, but unwavering course which distin-
guishes the statesman from the demagogue.
Having, as I conceive, justified the bill which
I seek to have enforced, let us now look to the
provisions of the bill under consideration:
The first section orders the confiscation of
all the property belonging to the State govern-
ments,and the national governmentwhich made
war upon us, and which we have conquered. I
presume no one is prepared to object to this
unless it be those who condemned the con-
quest. To them I have nothing to say, except
to hope that they will continue consistent in
their love of the rebels; to stow an exuberant
humanity into which is merged and submerged
all the exalted feelings of patriotism.
The second section requires the President
to execute an existing law which he is sworn
to execute, but the performance of which oath
is in abeyance. Certainly such law should be
enforced or repealed ; it is a mockery to allow
it to stand on your statute-books and be not
only not enforced, but violated every day by
the executive government.
The third section furnishes a more conven-
ient and speedy mode of adjudicating such
forfeitures, and more consistent with the mili-
tary condition of the conquered States.
The fourth section provides first that out of
the lands thus confiscated each liberated slave
who is a male adult, or the head of a family,
shall have assigned to him a homestead of
forty acres of land, (with $100 to build a dwell-
ing,) which shall be held for them by trustees
during their pupilage.
Let us consider whether this is a just and
politic provision.
Whatever may be the fate of the rest of the
bill I must earnestly pray that this may not be
defeated. On its success, in my judgment,
depends not only the happiness aqd respecta-
bility of the colored race, but their very exist-
ence. Homesteads to them are far more val-
uable than the immediate right of suffrage,
though both are their due.
Pour million persons have just been freed
from a condition of dependence, wholly unac-
quainted with business transactions, kept sys-
tematically in ignorance of all their rights and
of the common elements of education, without
which none of any racc are competent to earn
an honest living, to guard against the frauds
which will always be practiced on the ignorant,
or to judge of the most judicious manner of
applying their labor. But few of them are
mechanics, and none of them skilled manufac-
turers. They must necessarily, therefore, be
the servants and the victims of others unless
they are made in some measure independent
of their wiser neighbors. The guardianship
of the Freedmen's Bureau, that bene/olent in-
stitution, cannot be expected long to protect
them. It encounters the hostility of the old
slaveholders, whether in official or private sta-
tion, because it deprives these dethroued ty-
rants of the luxury of despotism. In its nature
it is not calculated for a permanent institution.
Withdraw that protection and leave them a
prey to the legislation and treatment of their
former masters, and the evidence already fur-
nished shows that they will soon become ex-
tinct, or be driven to defend themselves by civil
war. Withhold from them all their rights, and
leave them destitute of the means of earning
a livelihood, the victims of the hatred or cu-
pidity of the rebels whom they helped to con-
quer, and it seems probable that the war of
races might ensue which the President feared
would arise from kind treatment and the resto-
ration of their'rights. I doubt not that hun-
dreds of thousands would annually be depos-
ited in secret, unknown graves. Such is already
the course of their rebel murderers; and it is
done with impunity. The clearest evidence of
that fact has already been shown by the testi-
mony taken by the " Central Directory.'' Make
them independent of their old masters, so that
they may not be compelled ,to work for them
upon unfair terms, which can only be done by
giving them a small tract of land to .cultivate
for themselves, and you remove all this danger."
You also elevate the character of the freed-
man. Nothing is so likely to make a man a
good _ citizen as to make him a freeholder.
Nothing will so multiply the productions of
the South as to divide it into small -farms.
Nothing will make men so industrious and
moral as to let them feel that they are above
want and are the owners of the soil which they
till. It will also be of service to the white
inhabitants. _ They will have co&stantly-among
them industrious laborers, anxious to work for
fair wages. How is it possible for them to
cultivate their la'nds if these people were ex-
pelled ? If Moses should lead or drive them
into exile, or carry out the absurd idea of col-
onizing them, the South would become a bar-
ren waste.
When that wisest of monarchs, the Cisar of
Russia, compelled the liberation of twenty-five
million serfs, he did not for a moment enter-
tain the foolish idea of depriving his empire
of their labor or of robbing them of their
rights. He ordered their former owner# to
make some compensation for their unrequited
toil by'conveying to them the very houses in
which they lived and a portion of the land which
they had tilled as serfs. The experiment has
been a perfect success. It has brought the
prosperity which God gives to wisdom and jus-
tice. Have they not a right to it? I do not
speak of their fidelity and services in this bloody
war. I put it on the mere sc^re of lawful earn-
ings. 1 hey and their ancestors have toiled,
not for years, but forages, without one farthing
of recompense. They have earned for their
masters this very land and much more. Will
not he who denies them compensation now bo
accursed, for he is an unjust man ? Have we
not upon this subject the recorded decision of
a Judge who never erred? Four million Jews
were held in bondage in Egypt. Their slavery
was mild compared with the slavery inflicted
by Christians. For of all recorded slavery—
Pagan, heathen, or Mohammedan—Christian
slavery has been the most cruel and heartless ;
and of all Christian slavery American slavery has
been the worst. God, through no pretended,
but a true Moses, led them out of bondage, as
in our case, through a Red sea, at the cost, as
in our case, of the first born of every house-
hold of the oppressor. Did He advise them to
take no remuneration for their years oflabor?
No! He understood too well what was due
to justice. He commanded the men and the
women to borrow from their confiding neigh-
bors "jewels of silver and jewels of gold
and raiment." They obeyed him amply, and
spoiled the Egyptians, and went forth full-
handed. There was no blasphemer then to
question God's decree of confiscation. This
doctrine then was not "satanic." He who
questions it now will be a blasphemer, whom
God will bring to judgment. If we refuse to
this downtrodden and oppressed race the rights
which Heaven decreed them, and the remu-
neration which they have earned through
long years of hopeless oppression, how can
we hope to escape still further punishment
if God is just and omnipotent? It may come
in the shape of plagues or of intestine wars—
race against race, the oppressed against tho
oppressor. But come it will. Seek not to
divert our attention from justice by a puerile
cry about fatted calves!
The fifth section provides that $500,000,000
shall be raised out of the confiscated property
for two purposes: the increase of the pensions
of our soldiers and the payment to loyal de-
spoiled citizens. Is there any injustice in this ?
We have seen that by the law of nations they
were liable to pay all the expenses and dam-
ages of the war. Those expenses cannot be less
than five billion dollars, including our debt
and what was paid with taxes; the damages
were probably half a billion more. To exact
but one tenth part is mercy unexampled in
national magnanimity. In the great mutiny in
