1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■20*
But at the mo,st the pardons extend to but
fourteen' thousand out of seventy thousand
wealthy belligerents. While there is not the
least pretense in law that the President, by
pardon or otherwise, can wrest this property
from the Government, yet it.is melancholy that
the Executive should confederate with traitors,
and by his own act and on his own individual
responsibility attempt to take billions out of
the Treasury of the United States to enrich
bloody traitors; to impose burdens on the
loyal men who risked life and property to save
the nation that fawning rebels might live in
affluence and glorify him. But even if all
those now pardoned were beyond our reach,
there are still several thousands who are not
shielded by these potential charters. That
will suffice for the small sum which this bill
requires.
While all must mourn over the melancholy
spectacle of the attempted robbery of loyal ineu
and the suffering relations of the martyrs of
liberty by one who should be their guardian,
let us deal fairly and place the responsibility
where it justly belongs. Andrew Johnson be-
fore he was President held, as we have seen,
the following language. In a speech already
referred to, made in the summer of 18G4, he
said:
"Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
that treason might bo put down and traitors pun-
ished; therefore I say that traitors should take a
back seat in the work of reconstruction. [No "res-
toration" then.] I say the traitor has ceased to be a
citizen, and in joining the rebellion has become a
public enemy. He forfeited his right to rote with
loyal men when he renounced his citizenship and
sought to destroy our Government. [Then there was
no being in the Onion and entitled to "equal rights."]
Treason mustbo made odious, and traitors must be
punished and impoverished. Their great plantations
must be seized and divided into small farms, and sold
to honest, industrious men. The day for protecting
the lands and negroes of these authors of rebellion
is past. It is high time it was. I have been most
deeply pained at some things which have come under
my observation. Weget menin command who, under
the influence of flattery, fawning, and caressing, grant
protection to the traitor, while the poor Union man
stands out in the cold, often unable te get a receipt
or a voucher for his losses."
How well he describes men when they get
in command, "who, under the influence of
flattery, fawning, and caressing, grant protec-
tion to traitors, while loyal Union men stand
out in the cold." For some time after he "got
in command" hp held the same honest lan-
guage ; but, unfortunately, he had inherited
the prime minister, the chief bane of his pre-
decessor, who, oily and adroit, gradually
gained his confidence and misled his judg-
ment. He boasts that the plan of the Admin-
istration is his plan, invented by him and car-
ried on by him. This is doubtless true. It
cannot be the President's plan, for it contra-
dicts all his well-considered declarations ; but
in process of time he was beguiled. While he
was "clothed and in his right mind" he uttered
the thoughts and sentiments of a statesman;
but Seward entered into him, and ever since
they have both been running down steep places
into the sea. Nor do I expect he will be cast
out without "sore rending."
Without impeaching the motives of the Pres-
ident, it is the duty of Congress, in vindication
of its proper rights and prerogatives, to declare
that he has arrogated to himself powers and
attempted to do and enforce acts for which he
can find no warrant in the Constitution and
laws of the nation. Invested as he is with the
command of the Army and Navy, with all the
executive powers of the different Departments,
if he should be permitted to usurp still further
powers, and take control of the States, and the
organization of Congress, is there not danger
that some future Executive, some ambitious
Cffisar, will cross the Rubicon and march his
legions upon the capital? While protecting
the President in the exercise of all his legiti-
mate duties, and in times of national peril
making large allowance for patriotic acts of
doubtful legality, great care should be taken
that he does not draw to himself all the pow-
ers of Government and thus enable him to be-
come a despot. This is o®e of the sacred duties
of Congress, which if they fail to discharge they
deserve the severest censure, for they betray a
nation: nay more, they betray the cause of
universal liberty. To maintain this position is
difficult, and requires great fortitude and moral
courage. How apt is poor human nature to
yield to the smiles or the frowns of power.
How difficult to determine to cast from
you all chance of influence and patronage?
How difficult to resist the temptations of office
and emolument? And yet all this must be
done, or this great people, instead of being
free, will become the heritage of tyrants.
Ten States of this Union have east off their
allegiance, and by the common acknowledg-
ment of all have forfeited all their rights un-
der the Constitution. To become again legit-
imate States in the Union, so as to entitle
them to equal rights with the other States, the
Constitution requires the sanction of Con-
gress. It matters not whether such power is
attributed to the provision to admit new States
or to the clause guarantying republican forms
of government; in either case Cotigress is the
only power authorized to act; so has the Su-
preme Court of the United States decided in
Luther vs. Borden, and elsewhere. The law-
making power providing for the case, the Pre-
sident's whole functions are to execute the
laws. If the'" confederate States of Amer-
ica" are a conquered Power, the President, as
Commander-in-Chief, may hold them in mili-
tary rule until the sovereign power of the na-
tion declares by what laws they shall be gov-
erned. Sovereignty rests with the people and
is exercised through their representatives in
Congress. But the President has assumed
not only the military control of those con-
quered States, but he has attempted to give
the force of laws to his proclamations and de-
crees, whereby he has determined what acts
shall entitle them to all the rights of States in
the Dnion. He has imposed upon them forms
of government without their consent and
without the consent of Congress. He has al-
lowed a small minority of their votes to regis-
ter his constitutions, and, without submitting
them to the ratification of the people, he has
declared them legitimate organic laws and the
States "reconstructed." He has imperiously
required of Congress to treat them as equal in
all their rights to the loyal States, without in-
quiring whether they are entitled to represent-
ation, and dogmatically informed .them that
their only power is " each House for itself to
inquire into the qualification and election of
members who present themselves and claim
their seats." If his order is not obeyed he
obstructs legislation and "forbids" Congress
to pass laws in the absence of such members.
What more could a king do but place the
crown upon his head ? The king of England,
for one hundred and fifty years has not ven-
tured to oppose his single will to the will of
the nation, and veto a bill which had passed
the Parliament of the realm. England has
had her servile and timid Commons ready to
register the edicts of the Crown ; but for the
last hundred years such a body would have
been hurled from power and doomed to in-
famy by the English people and by history.
We are now undergoing the test of courage
and the integrity of a Republican Congress.
How many may be craven none can tell? For
who can judge of his own strength? History
will record their names. Men now obscure
may thus obtain the advantage of becoming
famous.
But it is said that Mr. Johnson is but carry-
ing out the policy of Mr. Lincoln. That, if
true, would not justify his errors. But it is not
true. In the midst of the war Mr. Lincoln had
but little time or little occasion to examine
into the question of reconstruction. Until the
enemy was conquered everything was made
subservient to that great object. Attempts to
distract the "confederate" government were
made by recognizing parts of her territory as
loyal. Such was the case with small portions
of Louisiana. The President encouraged them
to assume the form of a State; but Congress
never sanctioned it. The President by his
message and proclamation of December,. 1863,
suggested a mode of reconstruction; - but in it
he distinctly disclaimed all right to control
Congress in the matter, and declared that. his
suggestion of a plan did not exclude other
plans. He said:
"For the same reason it may be proper to say
that, whether members sent to Congress from any
State shall be admitted to seats constitutionally,
rests exclusively with the respective Houses, and not
to any extent with the Executive.
He defines more carefully what he meant in
this proclamation in a well-prepared speech
delivered three days before his death, (11th
of April, 1865.) He said:
" In this I have done just so much and no more
than the public knows. In the annual message of
December, 1863, and accompanying proclamation, I
presented a plan of reconstruction (as the phrase
goes) which I promised, it adopted oy any State,
should be acceptable to and sustained by the execu-
tive government of the nation. I distinctly stated
that this was not the only plan which might possi-
bly be acceptable; and I also distinctly protested
that the Executive claimed no right to say when or
whether members should be admitted to- seats in
Congress from such States."—National Intelligencer
of April 12,1865.
How different from our present Secretary of
That good man, who never willingly infringed
upon the rights of any other department of
the Government expressly accorded to Con-
gress alone the power to declare when or
whether members should be admitted to their
seats in Congress from such States." It is not
to be denied that iiis anxiety for the admission
of members from Louisiana or rather from
New Orleans and adjoining parishes—gave
uneasiness to the country. Ihe people had
begun to fear that he was misled, and was
about to fall into error. If he would have
fallen into that course, it is well for ms repu-
tation that he did not live to execute it. I rom
being the most popular, he would have left
office the most unpopular man that ever occu-
pied the executive chair. But that overruling
Providence that so well guided him did not
permit such a calamity to befall him. He
allowed him to acquire a most enviable repu-
tation, and then before there was a single spot
upon it, "he sailed into the fiery sunset,
"And left sweet music in Cathay."
Here, if there were anything in common but
their station, what a temptation to draw a par-
allel. But it would be unprofitable; especially
in this debate. For what we say at the graves
of admired friends or statesmen or heroes is
not biography. The stern pen of history will
strip such eulogies of their meretricious orna-
ments. But there is no danger that the highest
praise that the most devoted friends could be-
stow on him would ever be reversed by pos-
terity. So solid was the material of which his
whole character was formed that the more it
is rubbed the brighter it will shine. Mr. Lin-
coln, also, was of humble origin, (and who is
not that is formed of the coarse clay of human-
ity?) and earned his living by manual labor.
But he had too good taste ever to boast of the
accident of his birth, or to weary the public
ear with the tautological recital of his mental
employments. He rose to the Chief Magistracy
of the great Republic by his sterling patriot-
ism, sober habits, and modest worth. He was
not thrown into power by any moral or polit-
ical convulsion. His elevation was no acci-
dent, but the result of the cool judgment of a
nation of freemen. No man ever assumed such
vast responsibilities under such difficult cir-
cumstances, except, perhaps, William tha
Silent. How similar in their lives; how alike
in deaths. , T , ....
If there was danger, and I admit there was
some apprehension that Mr. Lincoln would ba
beguiled by his chief adviser into a course
which would have tarnished his well-earned
fame, that good Guardian who had .guided
him so well kindly preserved him from that
calamity. Death is terrible. Death in high
places is still more lamentable; but every d^y
