1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
their lives on the altar of their co&atry. Sir,
such a proposition partakes more of the arts
of the politician than the high and manly par-
pose of the statesman.
I shall vote for the original resolution with-
out fear that my constituents will blame me
for a want of sympathy or generosity 01} the
one hand, orforundue extravagance in the ex-
penditure of the public money on the other.
My sympathy for the heroic dead is ag great
as that of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The soldier's memory is as sacred to me as it
is to him, and when the proper time comes I
trust 1 shall not be far behind the honorable
gentleman in relieving the necessities of their
widows and orphans, both from my private
purse and from the publie cheat. I say with
him, God bless the noble soldiers who, through
rivers of blood, have saved our beloved coun-
try, and borne our flag aloft so successfully
that it now floats over every sea, the hope of
the oppressed and the fear of the oppressor.
God bless their widows and orphan children,
and palsied be the hand and dumb the tongue
that would not by act and word conduce to
their comfort and support.
Sir, I am equally opposed to the proposition
introduced this morning by the gentleman from
Massachusetts as an additional substitute. As
1 gathered from the reading of it by the Clerk,
it provides that the military commanders of
the vaiious districts may assess those owning
over one hundred and sixty acres of land or
having an income of more than $G00 per an-
num to an amount sufficient to feed the starving
poor of the South. It seems to me to be
thrust forward as an easy, cheap, and I may
say illegal method of effectuating the gentle-
man's Quixotic scheme of general confiscation.
The scheme cannot be justified under the Con-
stitution, or in the present condition of the
country under the laws of war, or under that
principle of sovereignty which is above the
Constitution and enables every Government to
do that which may be necessary in order to
protect the national life.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] was at New Orleans, where he
so well and so faithfully and so gloriously
served his country, he could under the laws
of war take the property of the rebel citizen
and apply it either to the preservation of the
health of the city or the lives of the people.
If the gentleman claims that the southern
States are now under the exclusive and abso-
lute control of Congress, and that his measure
is in the nature of a tax, then it is illegal and
unjust, because it is indefinite, unequal, and
without apportionment. If he justifies it upon
the doctrine of sovereignty superior to the Con-
stitution, then it is illegal, unwise, and unjust,
because it is partial in its operation, and to
be applied without condemnation or any of the
ordinary procedures of law.
I know it has been said upon the floor of
this House, and more especially by gefitlemen
upon the other side, that the recent legislation
of Congress providing for the more effective
government of the rebellious States is uncon-
stitutional; that it cannot be justified by the
Constitution, or under the laws of war, because
war is no longer existing, and hence is im-
proper and cannot be sustained.
Passing over that clause of the Constitution
which says that Congress shall guaranty to
every State and the people thereof a republi-
can form of government, I strike higher ground,
and justify the law upon the doctrine of sov-
ereignty, that inherent and necessary power
which rests in every Government on earth.
The decalogue, in which it is written by the
finger of God, "Thou shalt not kill," is the
law for the guidance of every individual soul.
And yet who does not know that when a man
is called upon to defend his own life that right
is superior even to the divine command?
It is so with nations. Let me illustrate.
When Napoleon T offered to cede the terri-
tory of Louisiana to the United States. Pres-
ident Jefferson was troubled because he could
find no authority in the Constitution, or in the
40th Con1©. 1st Sess.—No. 14.
Federalist which expounded it, for making the
purchase. He consulted his friend, an emi-
nent lawyer, who told him that he had looked
into the wrong book; that the constitutions of
no nation in Christendom, written, verbal, or
traditional, contained any such provision; that
it was an attribute of sovereignty and belonged
of right by the law of nations to every inde-
pendent Government on earth, and the pur-
chase was made under that sovereignty^ which
authorizes ft Government to do that which its
own preservation demands.
And so in the present Case. The first and
paramount duty of the Government is to pro-
tect its citizens in their persons and property.
When it fails to do that its vital force is gone;
it becomes a dead carcass, and is no longer a
living power. Such being the case, it was
within the power of Congress, by virtue of its
sovereignty, to pass such regulations and
ordain such measures as would give to every
citizen in the southern States the protection
which Government is under obligation to pro-
vide. When Government fails to give that
protection, then it is absolutely destroyed.
Now, this being the case, we had the right, in
the exercise of sovereignty, to use all the
means and forces which a Christian nation
ever uses to preserve the life of the nation.
We cannot justify the measure introduced by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] upon that or any other tenable ground;
and hence I am opposed to it.
The first, the coldest, and the most heart-
less objection made to the passage of the reso-
lution is that the condition of the public Treas-
ury will not justify its passage. Sir, when a
house is on fire and a sweet child is at the win-
dow crying for help, and the chances are that
it may be saved although danger might attend
the attempt, shall the fireman hesitate until
the flames envelope the child? When the
drowning man is struggling in the wave shall
the strong swimmer hesitate to save him lest,
perchance, the exposure may increase his cold.
Sir, should this great nation, burdened it is true
with debt, burdened it is true with taxes, but
boundless in its resources, exhaustless and im-
measurable in its recupciative energies, fail to
accord sustenance to thousands of its starving
citizens? I have no patience with such reason-
ing. It belongs to the politician, and not to a
statesman having in view his duty to his fel-
low-man and his responsibility to God.
Sir, the next objection is that if we grant
this relief the money we appropriate will be
bestowed upon enemies. What, if it should
be? Are they enemies at war? Do the cruel
and bloody laws of war, which justify a nation
in inflicting every injury in its power upon its
enemy, now prevail ? By no means. Peace
has returned. We have turned from Ihe long
and bloody night of war to the sweet and
dawning morn of peace, and amid the parting
clouds the grand old arch has struck lugh in
the heavens. If enemies at all, they are no
longer enemies in war, and our divine Teacher
says, "If thine enemy hungers, feed him; if
he thirsts, give him drink." But, sir, these
are not our enemies. They are the poor,
downtrodden, oppressed whites of the South,
whose condition formerly was but little re-
moved from that.of the slave, and who now, in
their time of trouble and starvation, demand
our sympathy and aid. Although the men
were driven into the war, who will brand as
an enemy the poor woman remaining at home
and struggling for the sustenance of herself
aud children, even while her husband was fight-
ing against our flag? Who shall say that the
infant drawing a miserable sustenance from
the half-starved mother's breast is an enemy
of the country? And yet, sir,it is such as they
that cry to us for help.
The next objection is that there is enough at
the South to provide for all its people were it
properly distributed. For the sake of the
argument grant it. That it is not so distributed
we all know. That the starving poor cannot
control the matter is perfectly apparent.
The illustrations used by the gentleman from
Massachusetts were addressed to the passio-ag
rather than the reason of the House. What
if Mississippi has appropriated $20,000 to aid
in the defense of that arch traitor, Jefferson
Davis? What if the women of Texas have
converted soldiers' clothing into money, and
for the purpose of endowing an institution
over which Robert 3S. Lee presides, or have
sent a pair of game chickens for his private
table? Do such facts change the question?
Are the starving poor responsible 1 Not at all.
As well might we say that the children of the
unfortunate drunkard should be left to starve,
because the father, if he were sober and indus-
trious, would be able to support them.
Sir, these are the three objections which
have been urged against the passage of the
resolution; and certainly no one of them
commends itself to my judgment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman give way a moment that I may
send up and have read as a part of his speech
a letter on this subject from the poet Whittier?
Mr. WOODBillDGE. I presume it is bet-
ter than anything I can say. I yield of coarse.
The Clerk read as follows:
A PEACE AND GOOD WILL LETTER FKOK THE POET
WHITTIEK.
AiiESBUnr, 4th Third month, 1867.
My deak Friend Haskell: I have noticed with
great satisfaction a movement in your city for the
aid of the people of tho South. Threatened as thoy
are in many piaccs with actual starvation, there can
be no doubt of our duty to relieve them to the extent
of our ability. This obligation is not affected by the
question of their loyalty or disloyalty. They must
bo fed.
i am sure it will b& done, and done cheerfully.
Massachusetts, so fiercely denounced by the rebel
press and hated with such blind leiocity by tho gieat
mass of tho men and women of tho late confederacy,
has never entertained any feeling of hate toward the
people of the South. She was lorced sadly and re-
luctantly to put forth all lier energies for the pres-
ervation of tho Union and the suppression of armed
rebellion. She made for this object terrible sacri-
fices of her best btood; her heart still aches with its
bereavements, and the hitter memory of the eruot
treatment of her sons; but now, when those so lately
in armed conflict with her are actually suffering for
lack of food, 1 think I know tho good old Common-
wealth well enough to promise that she will not stop
to make nice discriminations, nor to take counsel of
revenge, but will give liberally, "upbraiding not."
In the providence of (Jod an opportunity is af-
forded us to overcome evil with good, to magnani-
mously overlook the insane hatred still manifested
toward us; and, so far as any action of ours can do
so, to convince the people of tho South that while
resolved, for their good as well as our own, that sla-
very and treason shall have, no possibility of re-:ur-
reetion, we have only kindness and good will for
themselves, and that our hearts and purses are open
to aid them in recovering from the evils resulting
from civil war and social changes.
May I trouble theo to hand the inclosed to the
fund committee, and oblige thy friend.
JOHN G. WHITTIER.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I ask the
gentleman to yield to mc for a moment to have
an extract from a paper read.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. I declinc to yield
farther.
Mr. Chairman, T thank the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Washburx] for causing to be
read an article from the sweetest of all our
poets, John G. Whittier, a citizen of Massa-
chusetts, and an early and earnest pioneer of
the anti-slavery cause. It represents the true
feelings of that noble old Commonwealth, which
is a worthy representative of the grand old
fathers who more than two centuries ago un-
furled the flag of freedom upon the sacred rock
of Plymouth. From that spot were dissemi-
nated those principles which were the key-
notes of the Declaration of'Indejpendenee, and
upon which is raised our beautiful temple of
liberty. In the language of another poet:
"Ay, call it holy ground.
The soil where first they trod,
They left unstained what there they found—
Freedom to worship God."
• It also represents the feelings of the people
of Vermont, a State born into the Union amid
convulsions and difficulties which would have
intimidated and awed men less brave and
patriotic than her fathers were, and preserving
a record so pure that she is called the star
which never sets. Her people are already bur-
dened with taxation, but are ready to endure
more and suffer more when our flag is assailed
