210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
or our people cry for bread. I have no fear
for. the little Green Mountain State; and be-
lieve, sir, that every man and woman within
her borders would call their Representatives
recreant to duty should they oppose the pas-
sage of this resolution.
The question simply is, shall we extend gov-
ernmental aid to these starving millions? Great
God, has it come to this, that the American
Congress in this century of the Christian era
shall close their ears to the cry of thousands
of their starving fellow-men for bread, bread,
when we have enough and to spare I "When
the people of Ireland were famishing Congress
hastened to their aid and appropriated money
and provided ships to carry food to the starv-
ing. Will we allow it now to be said that we
are worse than infidels, and refuse to provide
for our own? I know there is a vacant chair
at almost every table, and broken hearts in
almost every family at the loss of father, son,
lover, or brother in this dreadful war. The
starving soldier as he dragged his weary limbs
from the fetid prisons of the South; the maimed
soldier who goes upon crutches through the
streets; the hundred battle-fields, rich with the
sacred blood of our martyred heroes, cry out
for vengeance, but there comes a voice from
Heaven, saying: "Vengeance is mine; I will
repay, saith the Lord."
The tears, the groans, the blood of our
heroes are bottled, and in God's time will be
poured in inexorable wrath upon the guilty
heads who were the responsible instigators of
the terrible and causeless rebellion. Already
the incipient curse is upon them. Their land,
once basking in the sunny smiles of prosperity
and peace, is now ruined by the ravages of
war. Their homes are desolate, their fields
are at waste, their industries are destroyed,
their wealth is scattered, and gaunt famine
stalks their streets.
When altars were reared to the unknown
God the conqueror dragged at his chariot
wheels thousands of the conquered to become
his slaves; but now that the true and living
God has been revealed, and "an eye for an
eye and a tooth for a tooth" has yielded to
the sublime teacl^ngs of forgiveness and a
heavenly charity, let us, by the passage of tho
resolution, show to the South and to the world
that with malice toward none and with charity
toward all, we will pursue the right.
Believing that tho proposition is just, I shall
vote for it, and hope it may receive the favora-
ble consideration of the House. I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsy lvania.
Mr. KOONTZ. Mr. Chairman, I will detain
tho committee but a short time while I present
the reasons I have for supporting the Senate
resolution. What does the resolution propose
to do? To empower the Secretary of War to
issue supplies of food sufficient to prevent star-
vation and extreme want among all classes of
people in those southern and southwestern
States where a failure of the crops and other
causes have occasioned wide-spread destitu-
tion. It appropriates $1,000,000 for that pur-
pose, which sum is to be distributed under the
direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
If it be true in point of faet that by reason
of a failure ef the crop and other causes any
number of persons are in danger of starvation,
then, sir, the simple statement of the propo-
sition ought to be an argument sufficiently
powerful and convincing to secure the passage
of the resolution by this House without a dis-
senting voice. Wherein consists the evidence
of this fact? It comes to us in the shape of
an official report from the head of the Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
The business of this House is generally digested
and arrangedby the various committees thereof.
They investigate the matters presented to their
consideration, and, after a careful examination
of the testimony, present their views to the
House in a report. In nearly every instance a
report coming from persons in whom the House
confide constitutes the basis of action for all
who are not upon the committee. Now, sir,
in this case, it is true, we are not acting upon a
report of a committee of this House, but upon
a report of the head of one of the most impor-
tant bureaus in the Government; and from the
high character of the person who presents the
report we are bound to believe that there was
sufficient evidence to justify him in making it.
The operations of his bureau have been ex-
tended over that section of the country where
the theater of war was, and he would neces-
sarily, from personal observation and the obser-
vation of his subordinates, have more accurate
information as to the condition of the people
there than any other person. I am not pre-
pared to say how long this bureau lias been in
operation, but it has been organized long
enough to satisfy my mind that its head, if
even a person of ordinary intelligence, could
not fail to have correct knowledge as to tho
character, habits, wants, and condition of the
people over whom his jurisdiction extends.
But, sir, this report comes from one in whom
the loyal millions of the nation confide. Be-
side the experience which General Howard has
had in the bureau over which he presides, and
which entitles his opinions to great weight, his
patriotism, his bravery exhibited in the shock
of battle, and his high Christian character have
won for him the admiration, esteem, and grati-
tude of his countrymen. I accept the report,
therefore, as true, coming from an officer of
experience, patriotism, and enlightened judg-
ment. This report is as follows;
War Department, Bckeau of Refugees,
FKEEDJUiN, AND ABANDONED LANDS,
Wabiiinuton, March 8,1867.
Sir : In answer to tho resolution of the Senate of
tho United States I have the honor to report as lot-
lows:
From official sources, anil confirmed by gentlemen
from different sections of tho South, my estimate is
32,662 whites and 24,238 colored people, making in
ali 56,900, who will need food from some source be-
fore the next crop can relieve them. The number
of rations for all per month, 1,707,000. For five
months, tho probable time required, 8,535,000 rations,
afc twonty-fivo cents per ration, the estimated cost,
will b() $2,133,750. Of this sum an appropriation has
already been made for tho five months to the amount
of $(>&),000, leaving an additional sum required of
$1,508,750. This sum 1 doom sufficient to moot the
extreme want occasioned by failure of tlio crop, and
oiher causes referred to in the resolution of inquiry.
The present appropiiation is ample, provided the
issues be confined to the classes named in the Freed-
men's Bureau act; but tho additional sum named
will bo required should the issue be extended as con-
templated in tho foregoing estimate.
The following tablo affords tho detail of the esti-
mate for the several States where want is reported to
exist.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. O. HOWARD,
Major General, Commissioner Bureau of llefugees,&c,
Hon. B. F. Wade, President of the Senate,
Here, sir, is brought to our knowledge the
frightful and appalling fact that nearly fifty-
seven thousand human beings on the continent
of North America, and within the jurisdiction
of the Government of the United Stales, are
in danger of actual starvation. And what are
the arguments advanced by those who would
make us believe that we ought not meet this
demand promptly and unhesitatingly? Why,
sir, we are told that some of these people who
will be benefited by this resolution were rebels ;
that they tried to destroy our Government;
and all the animosities and resentments engen-
dered by the war are aroused ; and the fiercest
passions of the heart are appealed to to pre-
vent the Congress of the United States from
doing a noble, generous, and praiseworthy act.
Doubtless some who were rebels will be re-
lieved by this bill; but I will not stop to ask
myself the question, when a human being is in
danger of starvation, what his past life has
been, much less to scan closely all his acts
and recall to memory those deeds which would
tend to arouse in my heart anger, hatred, ven-
geance, and all that is wicked in human nature,
when charity, love to our fellow-man, and all
that is akin to the divine attributes should
alone be invoked.
Among the noble works that the Christian
people of this nation are engaged in is that of
raising money and sending missionaries into
heathen lands to feed, clothe, enlighten, civil-
ize, and Christianize those people. And in the
midst of this glorious work, so creditable to us,
and which will redound to the enduring fame
and honor of our nation, iu the midst of all the
civilizing and humanizing agencies that are
now working out the amelioration of the con-
dition of man, are we going to cast so dark a
stain upon the honor of our country, and so
huge a blot upon the civilization of the age,
by placing it upon the record of this House
that the Congress of the United States refused
to give bread to nearly sixty thousand starving
people who live under the same Government
with us? Sir, there is no one who looks upon
the crime of treason perpetrated by the lead-
ers of the late rebellion with more horror than
I do. I believe that the people of this country
have not yet realized in all its fearful and
frightful proportions the enormity of this mon-
strous crime of treason against the Govern-
ment. But the people who are to be reached
by this generous act, rebels though they may
be, are of that class who were always to be
pitied rather than condemned. I mean the
deluded masses of the people, who, if left to
themselves, would never have engaged in the
work of rebellion, but were made the tools of
their more artful and designing leaders. And
now, when through executive clemency the
leading traitors escape punishment, and the
wealthy ones are pardoned and have their val-
uable estates restored to them, would it not
be cruel indeed were we not to meet the de-
mand for bread for the starving poor?
But it is urged that we should withhold this
charity because the southern people are un-
willing to contribute to alleviate the wants of
their people, and because the Legislature of
Mississippi have contributed $20,000 for the
defense of Jefferson Davis. Suppose this be
true, does it follow that because they do not
do their duty that we should imitate their
example ? If they .are determined to persist
in their folly, which has brought such wide-
spread destruction and devastation upon our
country, must we necessarily be guilty of a
gross act of inhumanity?
I concur with tlife gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Donnelly] that this will prove a
most powerful measure of reconstruction; that
it will carry conviction to the minds of those
heretofore deluded people that we are not dis-
posed to deal with them in a spirit of harsh-
ness and vindictiveness. But whether it accom-
plishes this or not it matters not. I maintain
that it is a high and solemn duty resting upon
us to do this, and we should perform it regard-
less of other and minor considerations. But
a short time since the civilized world applauded
the munificent donation of tho philanthropist,
Mr. George Peabody, for the relief of the des-
titute poor of the South. If such an act is
commendable in an individual, is it not equally
so in a nation? If acts of disinterested be-
nevolence and charity render the name of
an individual immortal, would they not lend
imperishable honor and renown to a nation ?
It will ever be remembered to the lasting credit
of the United States that they have been prompt
in meeting the demands made upon them for
the suffering poor of other countries. Let us
bear in mind, though, thatwhile acts ofnational
charity form the brightest part of a country's
history, that national honor may be dimmed
by acts of vindictiveness and barbarism.
Sir, among the acts of the four eventful years
of civil war that will stand out conspicuously
upon the page of history is that of General
Grant, who, when the forces of Lee were driven
from their strongholds at Petersburg and Rich-
mond and were compelled to surrender to
the resistless legions of the Bepublic, ordered
rations to be dealt out to a beaten and van-
quished foe. If amid the reverberations of
the guns which had just ceased their work of
death and carnage the commander of the
Union armies could deal out rations to an
armed but beaten adversary, cannot the Con-
gress of the United States, now when war no
longer exists and peace is fast spreading its
halcyon wings over the nation, rise above the
passions and prejudices that have been invoked
