1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
here, and in the'spirit of true Christian charity
and benevolence extend this boon to a starving
people ?
Sir; while I hold a seat upon this floor I shall
steadily resist any effort that may be made to
reinstate in the high places of trust and power
the rebels who sought to overthrow the Gov-
ernment. believing that it belongs to the loyal
people of the country to settle and adjust the
questions that have grown out of the war.
But for the honor and reputation of the nation,
for the preservation of her good name and
fame among the nations of the earth, out of
the respect that we have for the opinions of
mankind, now and in the future, let it not be
said that in this nineteenth century, in a land
of school-books and Bibles, where intelligence
is wide-spread, and charity and benevolence
among the characteristics of her people, that
the Representatives of a great, free, prosper-
ous, and- enlightened people would refuse to
give bread to their starving countrymen. All the
teachings of Christianity, as well as the prompt-
ings of humanity forbid it. I trust the resolu-
tion will pass.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to submit the
following letter and accompanying extract from
the New York Tribune, to be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
39 Park How, New York, Marchl5,18G7.
Dear Sir: Pemit me to invite your attention to
the inclosed article which I wrote for tho Now York
Tribune, ancl to express tho hope that the House will
adopt the joint resolution giving $1,000,000 for the
relief of a fearfully afflicted people.
Very truly yours, EDW. BKIGHT, #
Corresponding Secretary of Southern Famine lielief
Association.
Hon. I. Donnelly, Washington, D. G.
the number op sufferers in the south.
To the Editor of the Tribune:
Sir: Every philanthropic heart must feel grateful
for what you have done in behalt of the famine-
striokon people of the South; but I every day see the
evidence that the severity and magnitude of their
distress is most imperfectly appreciated by the people
of the North. As onG of the secretaries of tho South-
ern Famine Relief Commission, 1 have had, by cor-
respondence and personal conversation, some special
opportunities for knowing the sweep and desolation
oi the famine that is felt in large sections of the
southern States, and with yourpermissionlwill state
what has been the result of my inquiries.
The destitution which now claims relief is not lim-
ited to the line of "Sherman's march." It is felt
with the utmost rigor in counties north and south of
the territory over which hepassed. It is notadestitu-
tion produced by the rebellion so much as by the
drought that made tens of thousands of acres planted
in corn in Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina as
fruitless as a desert. The corn crop was blasted be-
fore it was two feet high, and many large fields did
not produce a single ripened ear.
The chief sufferers by this destitution are not the
persons who instigated and perpetuated the rebel-
lion, but poor men and unoffending women> and
children, who had no agency in the conspiracy
against the life of the Republic. Major General
Scott, the district commander at Charleston, says
that Government rations are now only issued to
persons too old or too young to support themselves,
including the sick and inflrin in hospitals and asy-
lums. Consequently there is fearful destitution
among the colored people of South Carolina; and so
there is also in Georgia and Alabama. Governor
Jenkins says that the number of eolored persons in
Georgia who need immediate relief is thirty thou-
sand.
The whole number of people in imminent need ol
relief in southern States is not fifty or sixty thou-
sand but full three hundred thousand. Of these there
are probably twenty-five thousand in Mississippi and
North Carolina. Of Alabama, Hon. M. II. Gruik-
shank, commissioner for the destitute, and a man
who has the confidence of more than one of our best
major generals, says that there are not less than
forty thousand persons in that State that will have
to be fed by public charity until a crop is matured,
and alurcer number than this who will require par-
tial relief. Of Georgia, Governor Jenkins says that
sixty thousand of its white population ami thirty
thousand of its colored people greatly need relief.
Governor Orr says that five hundred thousand bush-
els of corn is estimated to be the least that will sup-
ply the destitution of South Carolina, and those best
qualified to judge put the number of the destitute at
one hundied thousand persons.
These carefully made estimates exceed three hun-
dred thousand people who must be wholly or par-
tially relieved by charity for the next three or tour
months. If no more than ten dollars' worth of food
be allowed to an individual, it will take $3,000,000 to
supply the lack of food in the States to which I have
" ^mtfof your readers may regard this as an incred-
ible statement, but it is corroborated, I am sorry to
say. by the very full correspondence and personal
conversations I have had with southern men within
tho last seven weeks.
The fact is, tho poverty of the South is extreme,
and the destitution of food occasioned by tho late
drought is appalling; and if help is not given in the
form of bread to eat and seed to plant and sow, the
famine will not only be calamitous m its immediate
results, but will also bo perpetuated through another
y6I know that the Southern Famine Relief Commis-
sion (Mr. James M. Brown,No. 61 Wall street^ treas-
urer,) is using every means within its reach to induce
the people of these northern States to relieve the dis-
tress which has fallen upon the South. Much has
been already done by it; but it needs thousand where
it has received hundreds. Ji. is.
New York, March 15,1867.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman yield
to allow mc to send a letter to the Chair to be
read, which I have received since I have been
in the House this morning?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will do so.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Reporters' Gallery,
House op Representatives, March 19,1807.
Dear Sir: A gentleman just up from North Car-
olina informs me that in the city of Newborn, in that
State, there are hundreds of blacks and whites almost
starving. lie also states that a subscription of
$2,500 was raised there in a few days for Jeff. Davis,
but not a cent has been raised for the benefit ot
any one else. A Yankee lirm in business there,
seeking to propitiate favor and custom, sent to the
ladies in charge a twenty-dollar greenback ns a con-
tribution to tho fund. It was returned with a haughty
refusal to receive any contribution whatever from a
Yankee source for such a "noble purpose;" and a
suggestion that the donors might carry out their
abolition principles by giving it to tho "starving
niggers who have no masters to care for them now.
Genoral Butler.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Who wrote that letter?
The Clerk stated that there was no signature.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to have
anonymous letters read in the House?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order for any
gentleman to have a letter read as a part of
his speech.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to allow me tohave
read an extractfrom a southern paper published
wlxere the people are impoverished beyond
comparison consequent upon the burning of
Columbia by Wade Hampton.
Tho Clerk read a portion of the extract,-as
follows:
"The city of Washington is now, according to com-
mon rumor, a den of thieves and prostitutes. Men
and women both sell their labor da-ily for gold.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order to read anything
that is positively indecent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SPALDING. I believe the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman yielded
to the gentleman from Indiana to have a letter
read from a South Carolina paper.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would like to know
when the hour of the gentleman from Illinois
will expire.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In about sixty min-
utes from the present time. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURll. I would inquire whether my
colleague adopts as a portion of his remarks
the communication a portion of which has just
been read by the Clerk?
The CHAIRMAN, (having examined the
paper.) The Chair sustains the point of order,
that the communication is not decorous in its
character.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state that I
know nothing of the character of the commu-
nication. I yielded to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Williams] to offer it, and I now
yield to him to make an explanation. _
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. As the Chan-
has intimated that tho article which 1 sent to
the Clerk's desk to be read was • not decor-
ous" in its character, I desire to explain, it
is an original editorial article of recent date
(only tho 9th of this present month) from a
newspaper c^-led the South Carolimaiij pub"
lishea at Columbia, one of the places where
the people are alleged to be suffering most
from loss of their property and destitution. It
" indecorous," it only shows therefore the more
strongly the temper of th®se for whom aid is
now solicited, and how little they appreciate
such magnanimity or benevolence. Nothing
could be more bitter, nothing more offensive,
than the spirit which breathes through the
whole article. This is the shape which the
appeal to our charity takes in that quarter.
The editor meets the benevolent intentions of
the people of the North, and of their repre-
sentatives here, by declarations published to
the world denouncing this Congress of whom
they ask aid as thieves and robbers. I submit,
under these circumstances, that the communi-
cation is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It may be in order in
South Carolina, but not here. [Laughter.] •
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will detain the
committee but a very few minutes. I am. op-
posed to this resolution, not, I trust, because I
am uncharitable or unmerciful. I believe that
I am as ready to give according to tho extent
of my means as any other gentleman who ad-
vocates this measure on this floor for the relief
of the destitute of this or any other country.
And if facts are presented to the House to show
that any number of people are actually suffer-
ing for bread I will strctch a point, and go as
far as any gentleman in voting an appropriation
from the Treasury of the United States. But,
sir, that evidence is not presented in this case.
There is nothing but rumors and outside in-
formation from letter-writerstoshow that there
is such suffering as is here represented. Gen-
eral Howard, in his report, does not pretend
that there is actual suffering existing in the
South for want of bread. But an estimate is
made that before another crop can be gathered
in the southern States it is probable somebody
there will suffer. And it is upon that predicate
that we are asked to vote a million of dollars
out of the Treasury of the United States for
those people, to be bestowed and distributed
there just as one single gentleman may see fit.
Now, so far as that gentleman is concerned, I
have very great confidence in him, and the very
highest respect for him ; but I will not consent
to vote $1,000,000 which have been wrung from
the sweat and toil of my constituents to any
portion of the people of the United States in
this manner. This is an unheard-of precedent.
Sir, how long ago is it that the Senate sent us
a bill to relieve the suffering people of Port-
land who were left homeless and houseless after
that terrible conflagration of last summer? The
House refused to pass it, and very rightly, too.
We have never appropriated in this manner
one single cent from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States for any portion of the people of the
United States.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentlemen
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. -Certainly.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would ask the
gentleman if the American Congress did not
appropriate money to relieve the starving men
and women of Ireland? And is not this tho
first instance in the history of this country
where relief has been asked for our own peo-
pie ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said nothing
in regard to Ireland. _
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Ireland
has votes of which we are very much afraid,
especially those of us who play that game.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I can say this; I .
nevor voted money either for Ireland or any
other country to be distributed for any such
purpose as this. It may be true that Congress
voted money for Ireland; but my remark was
that in the history of this Government we have
never appropriated money in this manner ior
the poor of the United States or of any part
of it. This is a new precedent, and if followed
out to its logical consequence, the same prin-
ciple which will justify the appropriation of
$1,000,000 for the starving people of the South,
would demand of Congress that we should hunt
out the starving poor of every city of the Uni-
ted States and contribute to their relief.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
