212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman if lie
does not know that during the first session of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, we appropriated
between four and five million dollars for the
express purpose of furnishing clothing and
rations to the freedmen and refugees of the late
insurrectionary States, and whether he did not
vote for it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said nothing
about that. It is very true that for the purpose
of carrying on the operations ofthe Freedmen's
Bureau, and for feeding and clothing the four
million of heretofore slaves, whose shackles
had just been struck from their limbs, and
■who were left destitute, wo did appropriate
money, and I will again vote to do so, if neces-
sary. But we are now asked to appropriate
money to feed and clothe their former masters
and rebels.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
remember that the refugees never were slaves.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We gave
several million dollars to the Freedmen's Bu-
reau for the freedmen and refugees, about
two thirds of which has been appropriated to
the disloyal whites of the South.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And we are now
asked to appropriate still another million dol-
lars for the disloyal whites of the South.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Fakxswobth] allow me to ask
him a question V
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. Does not the gentleman
know that during the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress a joint resolution was passed
appropriating clothing for the suffering inhabit-
ants of Portland ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No money was ap-
propriated.
Mr. BOYER. I ask the gentleman to allow
that joint resolution to be read by the Clerk.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield now
to have anything read. I say that we have
never, to my knowledge, appropriated a dollar
of money for the destitute people of Portland.
It is true we let them have some tents and
clothing, and I believe we allowed them more
time in which to pay their taxes. But we
have appropriated no money for the people
of Portland. My statement 13 correct. Does
any gentlemen deny it ?
Mr. BOYER. Does the gentleman say that
we appropriated nothing but tents for the peo-
ple of Portland ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I say we appropri-
ated no money. Does the gentleman deny
that?
Mr. RANDALL. Let the resolution in rela-
tion to Portland be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think that
is necessary.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether we did not also adopt a joint
resolution remitting certain duties and taxes
imposed upon the people of Portland V
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes; we gave
them further time to pay their taxes ; we gave
them some tents and some clothing ; but I say
again—and the gentleman dare not deny it—■
we have never appropriated from the Treasury
of the United States one dollar for any such
purpose as this.
Mr. BOYER. The resolution now before the
House does not propose an appropriation of
money except as 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield
further. I was about to say that the principle
which enters into this bill, and which it is claimed
demands that we shall appropriate this money
for the destitute and suffering of the South,
would demand that we should send committees
to all the cities of the country to hunt out the
poor and the suffering and supply their wants.
If it is right in principle to supply in this way
the wants of fifty or one hundred thousand
people, scattered over the country, it must be
equally right to supply the wants of one indi-
vidual, and hence whenever any member of
Congress has a constituent in destitute circum-
stances, with no prospect of bread until the
next harvest, it becomes the duty of such mem-
ber to introduce a bill to relieve that suffering
constituent by taking money from the Treasury
of the United States to furnish him with bread.
I ask members of the Fortieth Congress whether
they are prepared to establish a precedent of
this kind? Do they think it would be wise to
do so ? For my part, I think it would be very
unwise.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
said the other day that there were no suffering
poor in the North; that in Ohio nobody was
suffering from destitution. Why, sir, I think
the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to correct his statement. I said, and I re-
peat now, that there is not in the State of Ohio
a human being suffering for bread for whom
there does not exist at this moment ample pro-
vision by law ; and there has not been a time
within the last ten years when such has not
been the case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes; there is
the poor-house 
Mr. BINGHAM. There is more than the
poor-house. The provision of our law is that
the officers of the poor in the several townships
shall in cases of destitution give immediate
relief without regard to the poor-house.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, that is a very
wise law.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is a wise law ; and let
us exhibit in our legislation similar wisdom
and humanity.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a very wise
law indeed. Ohio had better send a copy of
her law to South Carolina, so that the latter
State may imitate so good an example.
It is true that we of the North do provide for
our poor ; and when we have not laws covering
the case and making it the duty of some offi-
cial to look after them and supply their wants^
we have our charitable societies. Many of our
poor are supported by charity. Why, sir, there
is not a city in the United States that does not
contain some suffering poor. There does not
pass over our heads a winter during which some
people in every northern city would not suffer
for want of food and fuel but for the relief
extended by private charity or by public offi-
cers and institutions. Bat, sir, it is not the
duty of Congress to relieve such suffering by
the appropriation of money raised by taxation,
taxation which falls upon both the rich and the
poor; for there is scarcely anything that we eat
or wear that is not taxed. Almost everything
consumed by the poor man in my district is
taxed. Now, sir, shall we take a portion of
the money raised by taxation, wrung from poor
men, and distribute it among the poor of other
sections of the country? No, sir, I cannot see
the propriety of such a proposition; and I trust
it will not receive the sanction of this House.
Mr. Chairman, I have said about all that I
desire to say 011 this subject. I have sought
to discuss it soberly and calmly, and in such a
manner as to secure if possible reflection upon
the question before it is voted upon.
1 will now move that the committee rise.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Before the gentleman
submits that motion, I desire to make a sug-
gestion to him if he will allow me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If I understand cor-
rectly the distinction which the gentleman has
attempted t,o draw—I may not have compre-
hended his idea exactly—he takes the position
that legislation appropriating clothing, tents,
food, &c., and remitting taxes and "duties, is
not the same in principle as an appropriation
of money from the Treasury to aid those who
are in a suffering condition. I, for one, am
unable to appreciate the distinction that the
gentleman from Illinois attempts to draw, and
I wish to know whether I understand him or
not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that we remitted any taxes, but only that we
postponed the collection of the taxes.
Mr. BOYER. I hope, then, that the gentle-
man will permit the Clerk to read the acts to
which I refer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
allow that to be done so that the House- may
clearly understand this matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield for that
purpose.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution to authorize the Presidentto place at
the disposal of the authorities of Portland, Maine,
tents, camp and hospital furniture, and clothing,
for the use of families rendered houseless by tho
late Are.
t Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives ofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, ThatthePresidentof tho United States is hereby
authorized to place at the disposal, without charge,
of the city authorities of Portland, Maine, such
clothing condemned or ordered sold, and such sur-
plus camp and garrison equipage, bedding, and hos-
pital furniture, on hand, as can be spared by the
Army, for the use of families rendered houseless and
destitute by the recent conflagration; and that it
shall be the duty of the quartermaster's department
to deliver these articles at Portland, and to take the
receipt for the same of the mayor of the said city, and
properly dispose of them where no longer needed.
Approved July 14,1866.
Joint resolution for tho temporary relief of the suf-
ferers by tho late fire in Portland, in the State of
Maine.
_ Be it resolved by the Senate and .House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ia
hereby authorized to suspend the collection of such
taxes as may have boen assessed, or as may have
accrued prior to tho 5th day of July, 1866, in the first
collection district of the State of Maine, against any
person residing or doing business and owning prop-
erty in that portion of the city of Portland recently
destroyed by fire, and who, in the opinion of said
Commissioner, has suffered material loss bysuch fire:
Provided, That such suspension shall not be con-
tinued after tho closo of the next session of Congress.
Approved July 27,1866.
An act for tho relief of sufferers by lire at Portland.
f Be it enacted^ by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives ofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That on all goods, wares, and merchandise
which may be sent from places without the limits
of the United States, as gratuitous contributions
to the rolief of sufferers by the fire which occurred
at Portland, Maine, July 4 and 5,1866, shall, when
imported at tho port of Portland, and consignod to
the proper authority for distribution, be admitted
free of duty.
Sk'C. 2. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be allowed and paid, under such regulations as tho
Secretary ofthe Treasury shall prescribe, on all ma-
terials actually used in buildings erected 011 the
ground burned over by said firo, a drawback of the
import duties paid on the same: Provided, That said
materials shall have been imported at the port of
Portland during the term of one year from and after
the said 5th day of July, 1866.
Approved July 27,1866.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now ask the gentleman
and the House whether there really is any prac-
tical distinction between the joint resolutions
which the Clerk has read and the joint reso-
lution which is now pending before the House ?
I ask whether there is any distinction in fact
or principle between loaning any property of
the United States on account of the misfortune
of the people, or the actual appropriation of
money from the Treasury for the same identi-
cal purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I can see a
wide distinction. In the case of the sufferers
at Portland, we let them have tents and cloth-
ing lying about and for which the Government
had no use. We allowed them to receive goods
from abroad without the payment of import
duty, and we also suspended the collection of
taxes there for one year. In the South we
have not collected taxes for six years. We
have authorized ships to carry them provisions
and other donations. We have done every-
thing for the South which we ever did for the
sufferers at Portland, and more, too. There is
a wide distinction between loaning tents and
clothing, and, if you please, making donations
of surplus clothing on hand to the suffering and
destitute, and paying money directly out ofthe
Treasury of the United States. It is true, these
tents and clothing did cost money at one time,
but it is also true that they were things we had
on hand for which the Government had no use.
There is a great distinction between the two
things. We passed an act the other day au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to distribute to
the inmates of Soldiers' Homes one suit of
clothing each every year. This was giving to
