1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
the disabled soldiers clothing which the Gov-
ernment has on hand; but if my colleague had
introduced a bill appropriating $100 in cash to
each oue of those men every year you would
have seen the gentleman from Wisconsin jump-
ing to his feet and making the point of order,
because the bill made an ajroropriation, that
it should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Giving cloth-
ing is not appropriating any money. There is
a distinction made in our rules, in the law, and
in practice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I concede that there is a distinction
made between the appropriation of one thing
and the other so far as our rules are concerned;
but I must say that the. gentleman has failed to
satisfy me that there is any distinction in prin-
ciple. And I wish to suggest to the gentleman
if the distinction in his own mind is not really
this': that in the one case the appropriation was
for white folks and in the other it is for blacks?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
the gentleman's point. I believe a portion of
these are whites ; and the very thing which ho
calls an appropriation was not made for blacks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, the gentleman got
the other thing so mixed in his mind that I
thought perhaps he was mixed on this. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My impression is that
the mixing is on the other side of the House.
[Laughter.] I suppose it will be quite in vain
to attempt to satisfy the gentleman that there
is a distinction in the two cases.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask my colleague
a question. Is it not the fact that upon the
discharge of nearly a million of soldiers at the
end of the war there were on hand largo quan-
tities of clothing, camp a,nd garrison equipage,
part of which had been condemned, and the
greater part of which was no longer serviceable
for any purpose so far as the Army was con-
cerned, and that out of that kind of property
of the United States the relief was granted to
the people of Portland ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague is right
in regard to that.
Mr. LOGAN. And is it not the fact that
there is a distinction in regard to giving relief,
if you apply individually? Is there not a dif-
ference between giving away a pair of partly
worn-out pantaloons or boots and putting your
hand in your pocket and buying a new pair to
give away? [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Practically I think
there is.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a correction ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, taking the suggestion of some persons
around him, said there had been an appro-
priation made by Congress for the relief of
Ireland. I rise to correct, that statement.
There was never an appropriation made for
the relief of Ireland by Congress. It did pass
the Senate and was reported to the House of
Representatives; but owing. I believe, to some
difficulty which President Polk had as to its
constitutionality, it was referred to a commit-
tee which I presume was unfriendly to the
measure, and so it slept the sleep of death
and never was passed. I trust, however,
although I rose simply to correct this state-
ment, which seemed to be taken for a fact,
that we shall have no trouble of that sort in
this case. There is no constitutional question
here, and I trust we shall vote this relief to oar
brethren of the South with alacrity.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me a few words?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. COVODE. I feel impelled to make a
few remarks upon this subject since it has got
to be somewhat a question of conscience. In
that view of the subject I want to call the
attention of the House to a historical incident
that is in some respects parallel to this. Gentle-
men who have read the history of the Kings
in the Old Testament will recollect that when
the Assyrian, army under Benhadad came up
to overrun Samaria and destroy the people of
God, the prophet of the Lord appeared unto
King Ahab and told him to go out and fight,
and promised that the enemy should be de-
livered into bis hands, that it was His will they
should be totally destroyed. The king hesi-
tated and finally consulted King Jehoshaphat
who suggested another course. But yet he
concluded to go out and fight. So he went
and organized battle for six days and on the
seventh, when the battle closed one hundred
thousand Assyrians lay dead on the field. The
rest of the enemy fled to the city of Aphek
and there the Lord smote the enemies of
Israel again and a wall fell on them and killed
twenty-seven thousand.
A great deal has been said here to-day by
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wooo-
bridgk] and my colleague from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Koomz] with regard to vengeance be-
longing to the Lorfl, &c. I want to show
how the Lord executed judgment in the olden
time. The servants of Benhadad went to him
where he was hid in an inner chamber and
said that the kings of Israel were merciful
men, and perhaps Ahab would spare his life.
Now Benhadad had no more expectation of
having his life spared than Jeff. Davis had
when he was running in pettieoats away from
our cavalry. But when his servants told him
this, Benhadad told them to go to King Ahab
and see how that whs; but how did they go?
did they go as these men come up, demanding
their rights and desire to control the Govern-
ment? No; they put on sackcloth and ropes
round their heads. They went, under flag
of truce, probably, and said to Ahab, " We
know thou art a merciful man; we ask thee to
spare the life of our King Benhadad." That
is just what these people in the South are say-
ing now. Now, although it was the command
of God that all the Assyrians should be de-
stroyed, Ahab replied to these messengers—
'' Is my brother yet alive ? Bring him to me.''
And they brought Benhadad, and Ahab stooped
and took him by the hand and lifted him up
into his chariot, and pardoned him and all his
bloody crew.
The prophet of the Lord appeared to Ahab
that night, and told him that inasmuch as
he had not obeyed the command of the Lord,
he should lose his own life, and all his sons
should lose their lives. What did Benhadad,
the unrepentant enemy do ? He went back
into Assyria and raided another army, and
came up at the head of it against Israel again,
for the purpose of destroying the life of the
man who had pardoned him. He charged his
soldiers that they should pay no attention to
the common people of Israel, but destroy the
life of King Ahab.
Mr. BARNES. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the actions of an ancient Assy-
rian king have nothing to do with the question
now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] is in order and
will proceed.
Mr. COVODE. King Ahab, knowing that
he had violated the command of the Lord,
began to be fearful of wearing his kingly robes,
and put them upon Jehoshaphat, while he him-
self slipped away in the ranks. They took after
Jehoshaphat; be turned and said, I am not
King Ahal>; they ceased pursuing him, but an
arrow accidentally shot struck him between
the joints of the harness, and wounded him
so that he died that evening. And not only
was Ahab killed, but every son he had was
destroyed because Ahab had not obeyed the
command of the Lord.
Now, I ask gentlemen if they suppose the
Lord is done with punishing the rebels of this
country? They have not yet repented and ac-
knowledged their sins; they only regret that
they had not succeeded in their rebellion.
I approve of the substitute of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti.er,] which pro-
vides inujicdiate relief from our commissary
and paramount relief by taxing the wealthy
rebels; and while I am willing to contribute
myself, I am not villing to burden an over-
taxed constituency for the purpose.
Mr. _ FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee now rise.
-The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed" the chair, Mr. Pome-
boy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, according to order,
had had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly Senate joint resolution
No. 16, for the relief of the destitute in the
southern and southwestern States; and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the substitute
offered by me in Committee of the Whole for
Senate joint resolution No. 10, together with
the amendment to my substitute offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Scheitck,] be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message prom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 19) declaring a bridge to
be constructed over the Missouri river at or
near the town of St. Charles, and a bridge to
be constructed over the Mississippi river at or
near the city of Louisiana, in the State of Mis-
souri, and a bridge to be constructed over the
Missouri river at or near Leavenworth, Kan-
sas, to bo legal structures and post roads; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
order of business.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] will not press
that motion now. 1 desire to state that the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on what is known as
the supplementary reconstruction bill have
unanimously agreed upon a report. That re-
port has already been adopted by the Senate,
I understand, and it will come over here in a
few minutes for our action. - I hope the House
will act upon that report before we adjourn to-
day.
Mr. WOOD. I will withdraw for the present
my motion to adjourn.
clothing of destitute soldiers.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House No. 19,
to provide clothing for maimed and destitute
soldiers. The amendment consists of but one
word.
No objection was made.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the word '1 annually'' in the second line
of the bill.
Mr. JUDD. I move the amendment be con-
curred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
ivait talcott.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce for consideration at the
present time a bill to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue to make certain
credits to Wait Talcott.
The bill, which was read for information,
provides that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue be authorized, in settling the accounts
of Wait Talcott, late collector of in ternal rev-
enue for the second district of Illinois, to credit
him with the sum of $556 93, being the amount
stolen from Richard A. Smith, deputy collector,
on the night of February 17, 1865, by breaking
open the safe wherein the said Smith had de-
posited that amount of money, collected as
taxes for the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have here a letter
from the former Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. I ask the Clerk to read it.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to reserve the right
to object; but I am willing that the letter shall
be read.
