216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
United States at St. Joseph's harbor, in Mich-
igan ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. *
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of
citizens of Florida, in which they set forth the
evils to which they are exposed from the exist-
ing State government, and they entreat the
action of Congress in such a way as to place
their State government in the hands of truly
loyal men. As that subject has already been
aetcd on I move that this petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
KEPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
11) to admit the State of Colorado into the
Union, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. B. No. 8) directing the
Secretary of the Interior to suspend the exe-
cution of the law passed by the Thirty-Ninth
, Congress for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny, reported it without amendment.
LONG ISLAND, BOSTON HARBOR.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom Was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 03) to authorize the
entry and occupation of a portion of Long Isl-
and, Boston harbor, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment. I ask for
its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of War to take
possession of that portion of Long Island, in
iBoston harbor, Massachusetts, belonging to
James T. Austin, for the purpose of erecting
thereon a fort and such other structures as may
bo needed for military purposes; and to direct
the payment of $5,000 for that purpose, accord-
ing to the agreement between the agent and
representative of James T. Austin and the Uni-
ted States.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following proviso :
Provided, That saidaraountsliallnot be paid until
tho Attorney General of the United States shall bo
fiatisitod that the title of said portion of said island
has been fully transferred to the United States free
from all incumbrance, and that the person receiving
tho money is competent to act in the premise's.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DIPLOMATIC COSTUME.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have directed me to report a joint
resolution.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 39) concern-
ing the uniform of persons in the diplomatic
service of the United States was read twice by
its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear that
resolution read at length.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Unsolved, That all persons in the diplomatic
service of the United States are prohibited from
wearing any uniform or official costume not previ-
ously authorized by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps the Senate may
be disposed to act on the resolution now. It
is reported from the committee unanimously.
1 do not wish to press it if there be objection ;
but it is a proposition which explains itself.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to its
present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have some
statement made concerning what uniform Con-
russ has authorized or is likely to authorize.
tVe have been already informed that the uni-
form of our ministers varies: that some of
V
our ministers appear in the garb worn by gen-
erals in our service; that in other cases they
conform to the garbs worn at the different
Courts where they are, and that in other in-
stances our ministers wear common citizen's
dress. Now, I should like to have an expla-
nation from the chairman of the cdmmitee as
to What this resolution proposes and is to do.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read,
and that will be an answer to the Senator from
California.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. That does not answer me.
I do not see that that means anything.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see what right
we have to prevent a minister abroad from
wearingthe uniform of our Army if he chooses.
Mr. SUMNER,. The Senator is aware that
there is an existing habit among-our ministers
in Europe of wearing uniforms of other coun-
tries in the nature of Court costumes, and this
is often required before they are presented.
The Committee on Foreign Relations, on con-
sidering the subject, have unanimously come
to the conclusion that it is expedient to prohibit
the wearing of any such uniform or official cos-
tume unless it shall be sanctioned previously
by act of Congress. We feel that our minis-
ters abroad should not be required by any Gov-
ernment to which they are addressed to wear
a uniform or costume unknown to our own
laws. This is very simple, and, I submit, not
unreasonable.
This question is, perhaps, more important
than it appears. On its face it is of form only,
or rather it is of dress. But I am not sure that
it does not concern the character of the Re-
public. Shall our ministers abroad be required
to assume a uniform unknown to our laws ?
The ministers of other countries appear at the
Courts where they are presented in the very
dress which they would wear before their
sovereigns at home. What is good enough for
their own sovereigns is, I understand, good
enough for other sovereigns. And surely the
dress in which one of our ministers might
appear before the President of the United
States ought to be sufficient anywhere. Its
simplicity is to my mind no argumentagainst it.
It has been sometimes said, gravely enough,
that if our ministers appear in the simple dress
of a citizen, according to the requirement of
Mr. Marcy's famous dispatch, they may be
mistaken for "upper servants." If this be
the case they will have very little of the stamp
of fitness. I am not troubled on this head.
Their simplicity would be a distinction, and it
would be typical of the republican Govern-
ment which they represent. Amidst the bril-
liant drosses and fantastic uniforms of European
Courts a simpledresswould be most suggestive.
This is an old subject, which I trust may be
disposed of at last. Mr. Marcy enjoined sim-
plicity in the official dress of our foreign rep-
resentatives," and dwelt with pride on the well-
ltnown example of Dr. Franklin. But his
instructions were not sufficiently explicit, and
they were allowed to die out. Some of our
ministers appeared in a black coat, and were
not mistaken for " upper servants." But gold
lace at last carried the day, and our ministers
now follow the prevailing usage of European
Courts. A simple prohibition by Congress will
put an end to this petty complication and make
it easy for our ministers to follow abroad the
simple ways to which they have been accus-
tomed at home.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I wish to know is
whether General Dix or any other minister
could wear the uniform of our Army if he
chose. The rale, if I understand it, in some
foreign countries, is that a person must appear
at Court in some kind of uniform. If none is
provided by his Government or authorized by
his Government then he adopts a certain
uniform according to the custom of the coun-
try to which he is accredited. Perhaps, how-
ever, I am not correct.
Mr. SUMNER. The object of this joint
resolution is to encounter that precise require-
ment of foreign Governments, and to put our
ministers on an equality with those of other
Governments. I have already said that minis-
ters of other countries may appear at the
Courts to which they are addressed in the uni-
form or costume in which they may appear
before their_ own sovereign. I take it the
Turkish minister is not obliged to assume in
Paris or London any official costume peculiar
to France or England ; but he appears as he
would appear before his own sovereign. Now,
it seems tit that an American minister should
enjoy the same equality with the Turkish min-
ister or the minister of any other Power. I
do not see how this can be accomplished un-
less he appears -before the sovereign of the
country to which he is accredited as he would
before-the Chief Magistrate of the American
people—in other words, in the simple dress of
an American citizen. This is the whole case
in a nut-shell.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator doe's not
yet answer my question : will this prevent an
American minister abroad from wearing the
uniform of an officer of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, such as he would be entitled to
wear under our laws if here?
Mr. SUMNER. If he would be entitled
under our laws there would be no difficulty.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have a law which
authorizes a volunteer officer who has attained
the rank of a brigadier general, for instance;
always on state occasions to wear that uni-
form.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I think he might
wear that.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not see what this
resolution docs.
Mr. SUMNER. It simply prohibits what
is now done by certain ministers in Europe.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not at the meeting
of the Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
because of my engagements elsewhere ; but I
submit to my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, that the language of this resolution
would prevent a minister from wearing a mili-
tary uniform known to the United States. It
says "any uniform." It would compel him
to appear in plain dress. If that is the pur-
pose of the committee, it had better be stated
expressly, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there need be no
objection to it on that ground.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know. The
word-s are very comprehensive : he is not to
wear "any uniform." Certainly our uniform
is a uniform. I think my friend had better,
perhaps, correct the phraseology of the reso-
lution if he does not propose to prohibit the
use by our ministers of our military uniform.
Mr. CONNESS. If it was stated in the res-
olution that our ministers were prohibited from
wearing any uniform, but required to appear
in citizens' dress, then we could understand it,
and they would understand it; and if it should
be amended in that way we should have a
chance to vote for it understandingiy, jf we
approved of it. As it is, I do not see that the
resolution does anything but provide a rule
to be understood.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there can be no
misunderstanding. The ministers are simply
to follow Congress; and as Congress has not
authorized any uniform or official costume,
they can have none unless they come within
the exceptional case to which Senators have
alluded. Certain persons who have been in
the military service are authorized, under ex-
isting acts of Congress, to wear their military
uniform on public occasions. Of course this
resolution cannot interfere in any respect with
that provision. It leaves the act of Congress
under which they are allowed to wear a uni-
form in full force. It is only applicable to those
cases to which no act of Congress is applica-
ble.
Mr. CONNESS. Then why not plainly state
