218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
■when ratified by the Secretary of the Interior, shall
be final, and authorize the payment of the amount
from any moneys of said nations in the hands of the
United States as the said commission may award."
The fiftieth article provided:
"Whereas Joseph G.Heald and Reuben Wright, of
Massachusetts, were licensed traders in the Choctaw
country at the commencement of the rebellion, anil
claim to have sustained large losses on account of said
rebellion by the use of their property by said nation,
and that large sums of money are due them for goods
and property taken or sold to the members of said
nation and money advanced to said nation: and
whereas other loyal citizens of the Unitod States
may have just claims of the same character"—
provision was made for a commission to ex-
amine and allow the claims. There was no
limitation on the amount to be allowed under
the forty-ninth article; and I understand, as I
have stated, that the report under that article is
in the neighborhood of three hundred thousand
dollars; and the report under the fiftieth arti-
cle is up to the limitation. Now, there are
no moneys in the hands of the Secretary of
the Interior belonging to these Indians with
which to pay these claims. The Senate will
observe that the treaty authorizes the payment
of the amount from any moneys of said na-
tions in the hands of the United States, as the
commission may award. There are 110 moneys
of theirs now on hand, but there are these
stocks.
I was asked by the Senator from Indiana to
explain what the stocks were ; and since that
time I have ascertained the amount and the
character of the stocks, and I shall submit, the
statement to the Senate, and it is for the Sen-
ate to determine whether they will put any of
these stocks in the market or not. I called
upon the Secretary of the Interior before the
committee acted on this question and asked
liim if he had ratified the reports. He informed
me that he had not done so; that he had not
yet had time to examine them. The disloyal
Choetaws and Chickasaws, as it is charged,
are urging that the claims be not allowed, that
is, that the reports be not confirmed. A citizen
of the State of the Senator from Maryland, 1
believe, is attorney for the nations, and he has
resisted the ratification of the report in a very
able argument and brief filed, which I had the
pleasure of looking over, and in which perhaps
there are some facts that would go against the
ratification of the reports. Perhaps they are
strong enough, in the estimation of the Secre-
tary, to prevent the ratification; I do not know.
He tells mo that ho has not yet examined
them, and will not ratify them without a very
careful examination; but if he should ratify
the reports there is no money in his hands
to pay the claims. I understand that these
Indians arc suffering, and that they need the
amount of which, they have been robbed. Ou
the other hand, it is alleged that they hav.e
proved forty times as mnch as they ever lost.
I do not know the truth of these statements,
and it is entirely beyond our jurisdiction. If
the Secretary ratifies the reports the money
will have to be paid some time or other, and
the only funds the Indians now have out of
which to pay it are not in money, but in bonds.
The Chickasaws have $17,000 of Illinois
State bonds, $90,000 of Arkansas bonds,
$141,000 of Indiana bonds, issue of 1857,
$14,599 of Maryland bonds, $512,000 bonds of
the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad Com-
pany, $100,000 bonds of the Richmond and
Danville Railroad Company, §170,606 bonds
of the State of Tennessee, $172,741 United
States bonds due January and July, 1868,
$165,000 United States bonds, due in 1882 and
1885. The securities held in trust for the
Choctaw nation are $2,000 Missouri bonds,
8450,000 Virginia bonds, and $2,000 United
States bonds ; and the Choctaw school fund
consists of §19,000 Missouri bonds, and $102,-
000 United States bonds.
It will be observed that some of these bonds
ought not to be put into the market at present.
The remark of the Senator from Indiana the
other day may have led the Senate to suppose
that we were undertaking to rob the Indians
of their annuities. It is no such thing; this
resolution does not undertake to-do anything
of that sort. I will state further that it was
examined in a full committee, and they know
exactly what they have reported. The inter-
est on the bonds of Indiana has not been paid
for some years; and if those bonds were put
in the market now they would be sold for lit-
tle or nothing. Probably they ought not to be
put in the public market for sale until the State
of Indiana, as she designs to do very soon,
shall have made provision for their payment,
which will appreciate them in the market. I
apprehend that was all that the Senator from
Indiana meant by his suggestion. Then the
bonds of the Nashville and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, held for the Chickasaw Indians,
ought not to be put in the market, because
they, too, have paidno interest for some years.
The Richmond and Danville Railroad Company
bonds ought not to be sold, for they are in the
same condition.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment to
propose to guard all those cases.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bonds of the State
of Tennessee are in the same condition. No
interest has been paid since the beginning
of the rebellion. They amount to $170,000.
They ought not to be sold, nor ought the bonds
of the State of Missouri to be sold. It appears,
therefore, that there are but the $172,000 and
$105,000 of United States bonds that could be
safely sold at present of the Chickasaw funds.
It will be observed that the Choctaw Indians
have no United States bonds except $2,000.
The Senate may, therefore, very properly say
at present that it would be improper to sell any
of them.
I have stated the facts to the Senate, and
they know them as well as the committee. All
I havs done in regard to this matter is to pro-
vide in the amendment of the committee that
no legislation on the part of Congress shall in-
dicate to the Secretary of the Interior that he
ought to affirm these reports. I know of noth-
ing else out of which the claims can be paid,
except these securities, and it is for the Senate
to determine whether it is proper now to sell
these securities or not. The Kansas Senators
think that the Indians who have been dx-iven
into the State of Kansas, and who are perfectly
destitute, ought to be allowed something at
present to relieve their wants, and they urge
the passage of the measure. They can speak
of its necessity better than I can. Tho Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have simply guarded
the bill so as to prevent any greater danger
than must necessarily result from the payment,
of a debt which is placed entirely beyond our
jurisdiction or control, a debt which becomes
complete and perfect, provided the Secretary
of the Interior shall affirm the reports of the
commissioners appointed under the treaty.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not consume time
in this discussion. I will merely state that the
refugee Indians who have been in Kansas have
suffered the loss of all things, and this is simply
an effort to reimburse them for something.
There is no way of doing it except by allowing
tho Government to sell some of the stocks that
belong to the whole tribe. I have drawn up a
proviso which I intend to offer to guard against
the points the Senator from Missouri has made,
and after the present amendment shall have
been acted upon I shall offer the following
proviso:
Provided, That no sale shall be made of any of tho
stocks issued by the State of Indiana, or of any stocks
at less than the par value.
This will prevent any stocks being sacrificed;
and as the Government is responsible for the
par value of all these stocks, it ought not to
sell any of them for less than par. This amend-
ment will guard every point I think, and as
soon as the pending amendment is disposed
of I shall offer it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose these debts
will have to be paid, whenever they are ascer-
tained to be due by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, by virtue of the provisions of the treaty ;
but the treaty provides that they shall be paid
out of moneys belonging to the Indians in the
hands of the United States. Now, the truth
is that the United States are indebted to the
Choctaw nation, as is claimed by the Choctaw
nation, to the amount of nearly two million
dollars, funds in the hands of the UnitedStates
due to the Choetaws. It is true, this claim has
been disputed on the part of Congress, and
controversies have arisen in regard to it; but
that there is a large unsettled balance in favor
of the Choetaws in the hands of the Govern-
ment I believe nobody who has ever inves-
tigated the subject can doubt for a single mo-
ment Now, 1 suggest that if this money now
be paid for the purpose of settling the damages
suffered by the loyal Indians, the Treasury of
the United States oughtto pay it, and we ought
not to sacrifice these bonds, the interest of
which supports the schools and the govern-
ment of these Indians.
I shall not go into a lengthy statement of the
facts, but any person who will examine them
will be satisfied that there is a large amount
due from the Government of the United States
to the Choctaw nation, and this amount ought
to be paid out of that fund and not out of the
fund which is set apart for the schools and for
the support of the government. I think that
if these bonds as they are situated -were forced
into the market to raise $300,000 it would
sacrifice the whole fund; or if, as the Senator
from Kansas suggests, the Government of the
United States is to guaranty that they shall sell
at par, we may just as well pay the money.
Howcould you sell the bonds of Arkansas, and
the bonds of Virginia, and the bonds of the
Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
and the bonds of the Richmond and Danville
Railroad Company at par? "Wo may just as
well put our hands in the Treasury and take
out the money and pay it as to sell these bonds
with our guaranty that they'shall sell at par,
because we shall have to pay the money. In-
asmuch as we owe the Choctaw nation very
much more than $300,000, and I have no doubt,
on investigation by any persons who will
examine it, it will be found to be at least
$1,500,000, we had better pay this money out
of what we owe them than sacrifice these
bonds.
Mr. HARLAN. When the provision which
tho Senator from Missouri, the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, has read was
put in the treaty, there was no controversy on
the subject on the part of the delegates of the
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians. They are
intelligent people, cultivated people. They
are as highly educated, perhaps, as a majority
of the citizens of the United States. They
themselves represented that there were certain
licensed traders with them at the beginning of
the late war, with stocks of provisions and
goods which wore taken from the traders and
used by that people, and they were perfectly
willing to pay for them, but stipulated that the
maximum amount to be thus paid should not
exceed $90,000, I think.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; less than that.
Mr. POMEROY. It was cut down in the
Senate at the time of the ratification of the
treaty to $50,000, I think.
Mr. HARLAN. At all events the maxi-
mum amount which they were willing to pay
was placed in the treaty.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Iowa is right. I see by reference to the treaty
it was $90,000.
Mr. HARLAN. It was then stated that
there were certain Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indians who had been driven away by the ma-
jority. of the tribe, the organization having
gone into the rebellion formally, and having
by treaty given in their adhesion to the con-
federate government. They stipulated in the
treaty to pay that portion of these tribes for all
the property destroyed under their confiscation
laws of all that part of the tribe who had
been driven North on account of their adhesion
to the Government of the United States. It is,
however, just to these people to say thaWhey
thought there were but few who would present
claims of this kind, and that the aggregate
