1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
amount would not be great, but they mani-
fested a perfect willingness to pay all that
those who had been thus driven away were
justly entitled to—the value of their houses
and orchards and fencing and herds of cat-
tle and horses that had been destroyed by their
fellow-members who adhered to the confeder-
ate government. In principle it is right to pay
them. _ Whether the award which has been
made is just or not I am not prepared to say.
I have understood that the chiefs and officers
of these two tribes of Indians say that the
cases were examined at too remote a place
from the former homes of these people, and
therefore that they were unable to get rebut-
ting testimony to show that the amount claimed
was exorbitant. If that be found to be true, I
apprehend the Secretary of the Interior will
order a reexamination and a new award ; but
if this adjudication has been carefully gone
into and the award is correct, the principle is
right that the disloyal portion of the tribe
should divide their funds with the loyal por-
tion to the extent that they themselves have
wantonly damaged them; and that is all there
is in the proposition—to compel the disloyal
Choctaws and Chickasaws to pay the loyal
portion of those two tribes the fair value of
the property that they themselves destroyed
when they drove the loyal Indians North, and
when they themselves went South and gave in
their adhesion to the confederate government.
With the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, it seems to me that damage
can accrue to these people. They themselves
were willing, as I personally know, to pay all
that was justly due. They will say so now.
They are perfectly willing to 'f>ay all that is
justly due as the fair value of the property
thus destroyed.
I apprehend that the loyal Indians would be
willing to take these bonds at par probably in
payment of their claims; but with the amend-
ment proposed by the committee, that nothing
shall be paid until the Secretary of the Interior
shall examine the subject and be satisfied that
the amount is fairly due, it seems to me there
is no danger of wrong being done to these
tribes of Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move to farther
amend the resolution by inserting after the
word '' claims'' in line twelve :
Provided, That no sale shall be made of any stock
issued by the State of Indiana, nor shall any stock
bo sold for less than the par value thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. SHERMAN. This measure is an illus-
tration of the absurdity of our relations with
the Indians. It is now proposed that we alter
a treaty without the consent of the other party.
If this treaty was regarded like a treaty with
Great Britain or France, the proposition would
be absurd. We propose now by act of Con-
gress to alter a treaty, and sell the property of
a foreign nation held by us in trust, against
their remonstrance. The Senator from Mis-
souri informs us that the Choctaw and Chicka-
saw tribes insist that these bonds shall not be
sold; that the award now pending before the
Secretary of the Interior is wrong, and they
resist it. It is proposed now, in violation of
the treaty, which says that these claims shall be
paid out of moneys in the hands of the United
States, that we shall take bonds held by the
United States in trust and sell them against the
remonstrance of the Indians. This shows the
continued absurdity of our relations with the
Indian tribes.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to inquire of
the Senator if it would not be as easy to make
a direct appropriation of the money?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what I
want to come at. The money that is paid un-
der pretense of selling their bonds will have to
be made good by the Treasury. We have no
power to sell these bonds ; we have no right to
sell them. It is a violation of every principle
of law and equity to seize the property of these
Indian tribes and sell it without their consent.
It would not be tolerated between foreign na-
tions for a moment. We treat these people as
foreign nations ; and now, in violation of every
principle of public law, we propose to seize
their property, which happens to be in our
hands in trust, and sell it, against their remon-
strance, for what it will fetch, perhaps, so that
it does not bring under par; and the result
will be precisely what the Senator from Ne-
vada says, that the United States, out of its
own Treasury, must make this money good.
That will be the result. On the other hand,
if the matter be left as it stands under existing
laws, the Secretary of the Interior will examine
this award; he will pass upon it after hearing
the arguments pro and con. The claims of
the loyal Indians are secured by the treaty;
the claims of the traders are secured by the
treaty ; and when the Secretary of the Interior
shall have adjudicated and fixed the amount
due to those various classes of creditors, he
has authority to pay them out of the money
of these Indians in his hands. The whole
subject of the amount of money due to them
is now referred to the'Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, with instructions to ascertain that amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator from Ohio what provision of
the treaty is violated by this act?
Mr. SHERMAN. A principle of the law
of nations is violated. You propose to take
the property of these Indians, which is secured
to them by treaty, and against their consent
sell it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the Senator to say that this violated a treaty
stipulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
_ Mr.. MORRILL, of Maine. The other ques-
tion I may discuss by and by.
Mr. SHERMAN. The treaty says that those
awards that are made for the benefit of indi-
viduals shall be paid out of certain moneys.
There is no money in the Treasury now for
their use. There may be eventually by the
adjustment of conflicting claims between the
United States and the tribe. It is proposed,
while there is no money in the Treasury, to
take the property of these Indians which is held
by ns in trust for their schools and for their
children, and against their consent to appro-
priate their school fund to pay certain persons
whose claims have grown out of the war; and
this against their remonstrance, as we are in-
formed by the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
It seems to mo it is no great hardship to
wait until the amount due the Indians is ad-
justed between them and the United States,
and then they will be paid. But to seize upon
a trust fund in our hands, and against the
remonstrances of the Indians to sell it, is an
act of injustice that will compel us from mere
shame to take the money out of the Treasury
of the United States and restore the trust fund.
It is to that I object. I know many persons
are very desirous to have this resolution pass ;
but I do not think that, acting for the Indians,
we ought to undertake to do what, if we were
dealing with foreign nations who could enforce
their obligations against us, we would not
undertake to do.
Mr. POMEROY. The only difference be-
tween the Senator from Ohio and those who
advocate the passage of this joint resolution
is, that he proposes to have those claims paid
ultimately, after a report shall have been made
to Congress hereafter; and those who are try-
ing to carry out the provisions of this treaty
stipulation desire to have them paid as soon
as the Secretary of the Interior shall settle
upon them as being just and equitable. If he
does not come to that conclusion, tlicy are not
to be paid at all. I wish to remind the Sen-
ator from Ohio of one fact that he seems to
have lost sight of. The Government of the
United States has no money in its hands be-
longing to these Indians out of which to pay
these awards, from the fact that the former
treaty provided that the money in the hands
of the United States should be invested in safe
and profitable stocks, and those stocks are the
money of the Indians. They arc not trust
funds that come from some other source.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator must be
awaro that these identical bonds were in the
hands of the United States before the last
treaty was made. "
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. They never contemplated,
therefore, the taking of those bonds to pay
these claims.
Mr. POMEBOY. But these bonds are all
the moneys the Indians have from which any-
thing can be paid. These bonds accrued from
the sale of their former reservation before they
went to their present homes. The Govern-
ment of the United States, instead of holding
the money under that former treaty, were re-
quired to invest it in safe and profitable stocks.
Whether the Government has done that or not
I do not know ; but this resolution merely pro-
vides that their money, now held by the United
States in the shape of bonds, shall be used to
meet tho awards f^yided for by the treaty.
This does not determine the question whether
the award shall be approved or not. It docs
not rest on the Secretary of the Interior with
the weight of a hair; he is at entire liberty to
reject the award as though this joint resolution
had not passed. The Senator from Ohio wants"
to postpone the case to another session of Con-
gress. The claims must be paid; it is only a
question of paying them now or a year hence.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the objection made
by the Senator from Ohio is merely technical.
At the time this treaty was made by these
Indians and the United States, they know the
cxact condition of their funds as well as it is
known now. To suppose this interpretation of
the phraseology is correct is to suppose that
they intended to commit a fraud on tho loyal
portion of their tribe. I know this was not
their intention, nor was it the intention of the
very able legal adviser whom they employed to
assist them in considering this treaty. It was
a perfectly open transaction, and they were
perfectly willing to pay what was justly due for
the property actually destroyed. The con-
troversy now, as I understand it, is that they
claim that the award is too great, that the cases
have not been carefully examined; or, if so,
they have been examined at a place and time
when and where the organs of the tribe had
not an opportunity to introduce rebutting testi-
mony; and this objection to the conversion of
the bonds has arisen, as I suppose, merely to
secure a reexamination of the cases. It never
would have arisen, in my opinion, had it not
been for the amount of the award made.
I am inclined to think also that the Senator
is in error on technical grounds as to his ob-
jection to the passage of this joint resolution.
Originally the value of these bonds was money
in the hands of the United States. It has
been placed in this form with the consent of
the Indians, the Indians, however, not know-
ing what stocks the money was to be invested
in, but the investments doubtless were pro-
vided to be made in good stocks, nothing
more. It was money originally, and has been
invested in these bonds. These people Were
at the time, and I do not doubt they are now,
perfectly willing to agree to the conversion of
a sufficient amount to pay what is justly due.
The question is whether all tho money awarded
is duo from the disloyal portion of these In-
dians to thoso who claim to be loyal; and that
is the only substantial question in controversy.
Then practically, I suppose, the Committee on
Indian Affairs have provided a sufficient bar-
rier to fraud in insisting that this case shall be
reexamined by tho Secretary of the Interior.
He will look into it. He surely is an im-
partial umpire. He can have no interest the
one way or the other; and when he shall have
carefully reviewed the whole case, if, in his
opinion, that amount is justly due to the loyal
Indians for depredations committed on them
by the disloyal portion of the tribe, it ought to
be paid.
Now, a.s to the claim these Indians set up
against the United Slates under former trea-
