1.867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
we owe them, as I understand "the honorable
member from Maine to admit, a large .sum
of money, then the proper mode to provide
against the suffering which it is the object of
this resolution to guard against, is to pay out
of the Treasury a sufficient sum to provide for
their immediate wants. But that is not what
we propose to do. We propose to do what the
honorable member from Ohio, I think very
properly says, is, upon the doctrine of the law
of nations, inadmissible. We propose to se-
questrate property and sell it against t.he pro-
test of the parties to whom it belongs in order
to comply with a provision in this treaty, as
we construe it, which may result in loss to the
owners of the property, although it is admitted
that we owe to the owners of the property
debts more than sufficient.to pay the amount
which may fall due under the treaty of 1866
now in the Treasury. It seems to me, there-
fore, that that is clearly wrong; to my mind,
obviously wrong.
I know nothing about what has been done
under the treaty, and if there is any wrong in
it, that I suppose will be redressed by the super-
vision to which it is made subject of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. But I understand that
the Indians, whose property we are now asked
to dispose of for the purpose of meeting this
award, insist that the whole extent of the dam-
age done to the Indians called loyal is but
thirty or forty thousand dollars at the utmost;
and they have obtained an award before this
commission amounting to upward of three hun-
dred thousand dollars; and the effect of seques-
trating the stocks which we now hold for the
Indians will be to break up all their schools.
That, I suppose, it is not the purpose of the
Senate, whatever may be the circumstances,
to bring about. How are those schools to be
supported? You take from them the fund
with which they now support them, and you
hold in your hands the funds which you owe
them, and say you will not pay them except at
your own pleasure hereafter, and in the mean
time all their schools are to be shut up. That
seems to me to be obviously unjust.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The error, if I
may be permitted to say so, under which the
honorable Senator from Maryland argues, is in
supposing that this is an adversary proceeding
against the Choctaws. This resolution is pre-
cisely in harmony with the stipulations of the
treaty entered into by all these Indians in
1866. I will read the article of the treaty and
see if this is not the logical, necessary, and
equitable deduction from that provision of the
treaty. I refer to article forty-niue of the
treaty entered into last year:
"And it is further agreed that a commission, to
consist of a person or persons to bo appointed by the
President ot tho United States, shall be appointed
immediately on the ratification of this treaty, who
shall take into consideration and determine the
claim of such Choctaws and Chickasaws as allege
that they have been driven during the late rebellion
from their homes in the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations on account of their adhesion to the United
States, for damages, with power to in Like such award
as may be consistent with equity and good conscience,
taking into view all circumstances; whose report,
when ratified by the Secretary of the Interior, shall
be final."
Here is the point:
"And authorize tho payment of the amount from
any moneys of said nations in the hands of the Uni-
ted States as the said commission may award."
Now, one thing is very clear: that by force
of this treaty, by this treaty stipulation, these
tribes in any event were to pay such damages
as should be ascertained by this commission to
the persons who claimed that they had been
damaged by the destruction of their property.
That is not doubted. It was to be paid upon
the finding of the commission arid the appro-
bation and the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior. Paid out of what? How paid? Paid
out of any money in the hands of the Govern-
ment. What money had we belonging to those
nations in our hands? We had this money,'and
no other. We had these stocks, and no other,
unless you look to the indebtedness which has
been talked abpnt here. What propriety was
there in calling these stocks money? This was
money due these people under an original
treaty. They considered it money. They
looked to us as holding such money in our
hands. They have never consented to the in-
vestment of that money in stocks. It does not
lie in our mouths to say that these stocks belong
to the Indians. They do not. We owe them
the amount of money which we invested in the
stocks, and therefore they employed this lan-
guage in tte treaty. 'We owe them money;
$1,500,000. It matters not to the Indians that
we have invested it in stocks. We shall never
be able to clear the skirts of this nation, we
shall never be able to satisfy the conscience
of this nation, and we shall never be able to
meet the claims of the Indians by saying to
them we took this $1,500,000 and invested it
in stocks, United States stocks or railroad
stocks. I say it is money, money then and
money now; and when they used this language
in the treaty, they expected that whatever was
found due these loyal Indians should be charged
on that money. Therefore, we are acting in
the strictest conformity with the spirit and the
letter of that article of the treaty when we pro-
pose by this resolution to say that whatever
sum shall be found by the Secretary due these
loyal Indians under that commission shall be
paid out of the money in the hands of the
Government that is represented by the stocks,
to raise which the Secretary of the Interior is
authorized to make the sale of the securities
which represent that money.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the joint
resolution by adding to it the following addi-
tional proviso:
And provided further, That the same amount real-
ized from the sale of said stocks shall be reinvested
in United States stocks out of any money that may
bo found due said tribe on the final settlement with
said tribe.
My object in offering this amendment is that
it may be satisfactory to all parties. It is sup-
posed there is quite a large amount of money
due this tribe. They claim by a former treaty
something like two million dollars. If that
amount be found due to them, or any portion
of it, I propose that the money on the final
settlement with them be reinvested in United
States stocks. I presume that that amendment
will be satisfactory to all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no pos-
sible objection to that that I know of, except it
maybe doubtful whether it was not an entirely
arbitrary act on the part of the Government in
investing this money in stocks originally ; and
if in the future a sum of money such as is con-
templated should be found due to these Indians
it may be questionable whether they ought not
to have a voice in what shall be done with it,
whether they want to continue the trust.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that the
tribe by request or petition can have those
stocks sold if they desire it at any time. There
can be no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to present this
question in another shape, that is altogether
more satisfactory to me, and in which I think
it will be equally satisfactory to the Senate. I
propose a substitute for the resolution ; so that
it shall read in this way:
That to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
tlie claims of certain Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians, and other loyal persons, as are provided for
in the forty-ninth and fiftieth articles of treaty con-
eluded with Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians on the
28th of April, 1866, there is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, a sum of money sufficient to pay the same,
not exceeding the sum or $250,000: Provided, That m
the future adjustment of the olaim^ of the Choctaws
under the eleventh and twelfth sections of the treaty
of the 22d of June, 1855, the said sum shall be charged
against the said Indians: And provided also, lhatno
money shall be paid on such claims unless the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall have first examined and
ratified or approved the awards made by the com-
missioners as stipulated in tho forty-ninth and fiftieth
articles of the treaty of April 23,1860: And provided
further. That nothing contained in this act shall be
construed as recommending for his approval any
awards already made under said treaty.
If I can get the ear of the Senate on this
subject for a moment I will state thia case. I
think it will be more satisfactory to the Senate
to dispose of the question in this way, and
certainly it will be more just to the Indians
themselves. Under the treaty of June, 1855,
weagreed with the Choctaw nation to pay them
for the lands which we had acquired of t.hem
and had sold, and for the lands which we had
acquired of them and had not sold, a certain
sum of money which should be determined by
the Senate of the United States. It was left
by the Indians to the Senate. The question
was presented to the Senate, and the Senate
made their award, in which they decided that
the Indians should be paid for the lands sold,
what the lands brought over and above the
expenses of sale, and for the lands which they
had on hand and not sold, twelve cents an acre ;
and the Secretary of the Interior was directed
tomakeupthatamount. Hedidso. Itamounted
to the sum of $2,300,000. We, by the award
of this Senate, by the treaties made with those
tribes, were bound to the payment of that sum
of money. But, sir,-when the appropriation
was asked for, as long ago as 1859, again in
1800, and again in 1861, the amount seemed so
large that when it came up and was offered on
the appropriation bills it was resisted by the
Committee on Finance, and after a struggle in
the Senate a provision finally was made to this
effect, which I will read, in the appropriation
bill of March, 1861:
"For payment to the Choctaw nation or tribe of In-
dians on account of their claim under the eleventh
and twelfth articles of the treaty, &o., $500,0J0"—
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars to be
paid in money and $250,000 to be paid in
bonds, &c., with this proviso, similar to the
one which I have inserted in the proposed
substitute:
"Provided, That in the future adjustment cf tho
claim of the Choctaws under the treaty aforesaid,
the said sum shall be charged against the said In-
dians."
This was in 1861. The rebellion c&me on
directly after. It came on while $250,000 of
this money was still in the Treasury of the
United States. In 1862 we provided by a law
of Congress that, inasmuch as the Choctaw^
nation had sided with the rebellion, we would*
confiscate their annuities and the allowance
which had been appropriated. The amount
of their annuities and the amount of the
§250,000 which was appropriated was confis-
cated under the act of Congress of 1862, and
was used in defraying the expenses of the
loyal refugee Indians who were driven out of
the Indian Territory into the State of Kansas.
From year to year, while the war was going
on, we confiscated their annuities. We did
not confiscate the principal sum, and it never
was confiscated. By the treaty made with
these Indians in 18G(> it was provided that any
money sdue to the Indians remained duo to them,
but none of the annuities which accrued during
the war were to be paid. The money was to
be paid to them, to commence after the end of
the fiscal year 1866. The tenth article of the
treaty is as follows:
" The United States reaffirm all obligations arising
out of treaty stipulations or acts ot legislation with*
regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, en-
tered into prior to the late rebellion, and in force at
that time, not inconsistent herewith: and further
agree to renew the payment of all annuities and other
moneys accruing under such treaty stipulation and
acts of legislation, from and after tho close of the
fiscal year ending on tho 80th of June, in the year
1866."
Now, Mr. President, these are the moneys
in our hands. We owe the money to these In-
dians ; and when a man owes another man
money he has money in his hands. It was
these moneys which we owed to these people,
which they agreed might be applied in the
satisfaction of these debts. The claim of
Heald and others of $90,000, and the claim of
the loyal Indians who were driven out and
stripped by the rebellion, were to be paid out
of the moneys in the hands of the United
States. We have the amount. I know gen-
tlemen start back and say the amount is large.
But there is still $1,800,000 due to these In-
dian tribes. I admit that it is a large sum of
