222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
money; but the award and the law and the
treaty bind you with as much certainty as you
are bound to one of the bonds issued by the
United States Government. There is no
doubt,about it. Now, then, owing them the
money, let us pay this award out of the money
we owe them, and not sacrifice the trust fund.
Mi-. POMEROY. I think the Senator must
be satisfied that we cannot pass the measure
at this session if his amendment should be
adopted, appropriating money. There is no
committee in the House to consider this bill
if it contains an appropriation ; and it is sim-
ply wasting the time of the Senate to consider
it, and we shall not pass the measure at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been rejected about
six times.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The claim has never
been rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was debated and dis-
cussed in the House of Representatives when
I was a member there, and there was a very
long and elaborate debate upon it in the Sen-
ate. This is an old claim growing out of the
stipulations of a treaty in regard to lands be-
fore they were removed to this Indian country ;
the treaty of 1828. The claim which the Sen-
ator is now seeking to get an indorsement of is
one that is about forty years old.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I seek no further in-
dorsement than was given by Congress in 1801.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state further, that
after a long and elaborate debate, in which
Mr. Sebastian, not now a Senator, made a re-
port, it was assentod to by the Senate, but was
never accepted by the House. It was an old
controverted question as to the amount that
should be paid for certain lands embraced in
the treaty. If this amendment is adopted we
recognize the validity of this claim. By the
action of the Senate, on my own motion, the
other day, the Senate referred this whole mat-
ter to a committee of this body, with instruc-
tions to make a full and minute examination
of the claim and report at the next session.
Now, when there is no Committee on Indian
Affairs in the House, when there is no Com-
mittee on Appropriations there, it is proposed
to thrust this old claim thus provided for into
the Senate and make this a recognition of the
claim. It seems to me that is very unwise.
We ought not to do that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senate to
make no more recognition of the claim than
was made by Congress in 1861, for the amend-
ment follows precisely the language which was
then adopted by Congress. It simply admits
the fact that they have a claim. No one can
deny it. The treaty declares it: the award of
the Senate made it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thero was no award.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think my honorable
friend will find, when he comes to examine it,
that there was an award. If there was no
award made by the Senate, and the amount is
not fixed, and you go into the stipulations of
the treaty itself, I think the Senator will find
that the amount duo these Indian tribes is
largely in excess of the award; because the
complaint that was always made by those who
represented the Indians was that in that very
award of the Senate some six or eight hundred
thousand dollars was taken from the amount
which was due to them. But, however that may
be, without fixing at all the amount that may
be due, if there is anything wrong about the
amount it can bo adjusted; the committee can
examine and report; but as to there being
more than this amount of $250,000 duo I have
no more doubt than that we sit in this Cham-
ber ; and 1 think it is better, dealing with the
Indians, for us to pay out the money in our
hands than it is for us to take their trust funds,
bonds, &c., and perhaps sacrifice them in the
market. That is the reason why I submit this
proposition. I shall take the senseof the Sen-
ate upon it. I simply express my views as they
appear to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. STEWART. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot malje ,any
such appropriation at this stage of the session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear
the amendment read before I am called on
to vote upon it.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY I hope thi#amendment
will not be adopted. It opens up the question
of a disputed claim, in the first place, that we
are not prepared to pass upon, and in the next
place it is an appropriation of money when
wo do not need to appropriate a dollar; and
there is no committee, as has been stated, in
the House of Representatives to consider an
appropriation bill. . It is only another method
of defeating the measure before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think a resolution
from the House appropriating $500,000 was
passed a short time since.
Mr. POMEROY. I say there is no Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs there. It is the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs that will have to con-
sider this question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There must be some
committee or some organization in the House
that looks to appropriations, where they can
appropriate half a million in the morning be-
fore breakfast almost.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must recol-
lect that he agreed to this resolution in com-
mittee with all the other members of it. The
resolution that is now before the Senate, not
the substitute, is the very resolution that the
Senator himself agreed to in committeo with
all the other members of the committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I never refer to what
occurs in committee; but as allusion is made
to it, I will state that this same matter was
presented in committee. I there expressed
my preference for a direct appropriation. It
is true, if the resolution was to pass in the form
in which it was reported from the committee,
I was in favor of the amendment which the
honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cobbett]
has suggested, to wit, that there should be a
provision that these trust funds that were sold
should be restored again after they were paid
their money.
Mr. POMEROY. That amendment has
already been agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say, if the resolution
is to pass as it came from the committee, I
prefer it with the amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon; but I maintained in
committee just aa I maintain now: that I think
it is better for us to appropriate the money and
pay the claim, and then charge it over when we
come to the final adjustment of the claim of
the Choctaw nation.
Mr. CORBETT. This subject was fully dis-
cussed in the committee, and the Senator must
know that we came to the conclusion that
neither the Senate nor the House would agree
to an _ appropriation at this time of $250,000
for this purpose, and therefore we determined
to report this resolution, and, as I supposed, it
would be reported with the amendment that I
have offered. I presume it was inadvertently
omitted and overlooked; and hence I have
offered it in the Senate. I trust that the Sen-
ate will reject the proposition offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and that they will pass
the joint resolution as we have amended it.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following additional
proviso:
And provided further" That the ?aid sum of money
hereby appropriated shall bereceivectbysajd Indians
in full satisfaction of tlio claims of said Indians under
said treaty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not think that
would be just, because the amount claimed by
them is $1,800,000; and the Secretary of the
Interior, presenting all the facts—his letter is
before the Senate—stated that that was the
sum that was clearly due, in his judgment.
Now, to say that $250,000 shall be accepted
in full payment would not be right.
Mr. STEWART. I want a settlement of
this claim at some time. Although the statute
of limitations may not run against it, the facts
connected with it and the merits of it are so
remote that they have pretty nearly vanished
from the memory of man. If we make this
payment now, it will be an indorsement im-
plying that a large amount is still due. The
claim will continue to swell as long as you
make payments upon it and renew it from
year to year. It is an entirely unascertained,
vague, ancient, stale claim. If we are to
make any appropriation in regard to it, I want
it to be the last appropriation, and to have that
understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inform my friend,
if he will allow me, that we made the last
appropriation in 1859 or 1860. We paid them
$1,200,000, I think, as a compromise, in full,
as we supposed.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Maine proposed it as a compromise ; but I do
not think it was accepted on the other side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The money was paid,
at any rate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to state to
the Senator from Maine the precise language
used on that occasion to refresh his recollec-
tion. I will read from the appropriation bill.
I know there was a good deal of discussion
upon it, in which the Senator from Maine and
Robert W. Johnson, of Arkansas, took part.
Who it was that made the proposition which
was finally accepted I do not remember ; but
this is the section :
" For payment to the Choctaw nation or tribo of
Indians, on account of their claim under the eleventh
and twelfth articles of the treaty with said nation or
tribo, made the 22d of June, 1855, the sum of $500,000;
$250,000 of which sura shall be paid in money; and
for the rosidue the Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause to be issued to the proper authorities of tlio
nation or tribo, on their requisition, bonds of tho
United States authorized by law at tho present
session of Congress: Provided, That in tho future
adjustment of the claim of tho Choetaws under
the treaty aforesaid tho said sum shall be charged
against the said Indians."
Now, in the course of the whole of that dis-
cussion, it will be found that it was conceded
by gentlemen in the Senate, even those who
resisted what was asked for by tlie Committeo
on Indian Affairs, when Mr. Sebastian was
chairman, that there was $1,200,000 due. The
controversy was about that which was over
and above the sum of $1,200,000. After a
long controversy, as it was urged that the In-
dians were in a suffering condition and needed
money, this provision was put into the appro-
priation bill to appropriate $500,000, with the
understanding that when you came to the final
adjustment of the amount claimed tho $500,-
000 should be charged against them ; but that-
was not a settlement; it was not accepted in
full at all, therefore the amount of the claim
remains precisely where it stood then, by
virtue of the treaty and by the avowal made
by the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think the same
objection can be urged against the proviso that
1 offer that may be urged against the law that
is referred to. I think the language in this
proviso is more definite and better calculated
to cut off the various claims that will come in,
all of which I believe to be unjust. I suggest
to the Senator fsom Maine that at that time
Congress omitted some very important words.
They did not make it definite that that should
be received in satisfaction of all claims. If
wo do not put a stop to them by some kind of
legislation we shall never get to tho end of
these claims. It is unfortunate that more ap-
propriate words were not used in that law. I
think I have avoided that difficulty in the pro-
viso that I have presented to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The better way would
be to vote down all the amendments, and then
to vote down the resolution itself.
Mr. STEWART. I will make one other
remark. I think we made a great mistake in
reviving the claims of these disloval Indians
by the treaty of last year. I think it was
wrong.
