224
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
That, is the history of the action of the Sen-
ate. They voted down a proposition to ap-
propriate $2,300,000, and the proposition to
appropriate $1,202,000 only prevailed by one
majority. It came to the House of Represent-
atives as an amendment to the Indian appro-
priation bill. I was then chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and remember the
matter distinctly. It was examined; we then
had more time to examine such matters than
we have now, and we rejected it. I cannot
now go into the reasons of the rejection be-
cause I do not like to speak about a matter of
this kind without reading up ; but I know the
House treated the action of the Senate in 1847
as entirely nugatory. The claim itself was not
believed to be a just one. The House of Rep-
resentatives, by a very large vote after debate,
rejected the claim ; and my impression is that
the Committee on Indian Affairs of the House
reported against it; but I shall not be positive
on that point. At any rate, the House after
debate rejected the scheme; but finally a
committee of conference—-it is one of those
things which are apt to occur in committees
of conference, but they ought never lo occur—
agreed on this patched-up, incoherent, provis-
ion which we lind in the law. The Senate
proposition appropriated §1,202,000 in full sat-
isfaction of the whole claim; but the House,
refusing to agree toithe Senate's proposition,
rejecting the whole claim, a committee of
conference patched up this mongrel affair,
which is now read as a law, recognizing the
whole claim of ,*152,000.000. The fact is that
neither House recognized the claim. The Sen-
ate rejected it, but afterward a reconsideration
was had, and it prevailed by one majority, the
amount being reduced. The House rejected it
entirely, and the §500,000 appropriation was
put in by a committee of conference in order
to get rid of the controversy.
That is the whole history of the matter. We
know that this claim is an old claim, and it will
be pressed upon us year after year. Therefore
it was that to avoid this controversy I intro-
duced a proposition that the Committee on
Indian Affairs should give this matter a full
and impartial examination, going to the root
of the controversy, and should report to us the
truth of the whole ease. On that committee
the Senator from Wisconsin will have an op-
portunity to be heard, for he is a member of
that committee. The Committee on Indian
Affairs can examine it. But now for us to
again recognize what the Senator says is an
undisputed claim of $2,300,000 by appropriat-
ing $300,000 more out of a fuud which does
not exist, it seems to me is improper legisla-
tion at this lime. Sending it to the other House
in the present condition of things, without a
Committee on Indian Affairs, without any
standing committees except the Committee on
Military Affairs and one or two others, would
either lead to its sudden passage there without
the full consideration that the magnitude of
the subject demands, or it would lead to the
defeat of the whole proposition. I think, my-
self, the whole subject might very properly go
over until the next session. But I see a very
great difference between the proposition now
presented by the Senator from Wisconsin, which
recognizes the existence of this old claim, and
the proposition reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, which merely, in my judg-
ment, in violation of thg law of nations, seizes
upon the trust fund and applies it without the
consent of the Indians to whom it belongs.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to read the proposition of Mr. Sebastian
which passed the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can read it
himself. I will hand him the book; it is half
a page long.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read just what
was passed by the Senate upon Mr. Sebastian's
motion :
"For carrying into effect the eleventh. article of
the treaty with the Choctaw tribe of Indians made
the 22d day of June, 1855, and the award of the Sen-
ate made pursuant thereto on the 9th of March,
1859, the sum of $1,202,560 85, being the undisputed
balance due them,, so much thereof as the proper
authorities of the tribe shall determine to be neces-
sary for the payment of the claims which, by the
twelfth article of the treaty, the Choctavys have as-
sumed to pay, and of such other liabilities of the
tribe as thoy may ascertain and determine to bo
just, shall be paid over on their requisition at such
time and in such manner as they shall request; and
the residue remaining after satisfying such claims
and liabilities shall beheld intrust for the benefit
of the Choctaws, according to the provisions of the
thirteenth article of said'treaty.
"In lieu of making such payments in money, the
Secretary of the Treasury may, at his discretion,
issue to the Choctaws, on their requisition as afore-
said, certificates of stock in the name of the Dnited
States, boanng interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually at the treasury
of the United States; said certificates to bo redeem-
able in ten years, or soonor, at the pleasure of the
President of the United States, and to be transfera-
ble by the proper authorities of the Choctaw nation
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribo."
Now comes the disputed part of the claim:
"Provided, That the question whether tho unde-
termined balance not now appropriated of $1,130,000
of the sum roported by the Committee on Indian
Affairs as duo the Choctaws under the treaty and
award as aforesaid, is a legitimate charge against
the Choctaws by the terms. of the said award, be
reserved lor tho future decision of tho Senate."
The Senate by a vote of 29 to 15 at that time
declared that there was an undisputed balance
due these Indians of $1,202,565 85; the rest
of the claim was disputed.
Mr. SUMNER. The former amendment
of Mr. Sebastian said that $2,300,000 was "the
undisputed balance"—the same language.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate voted that
down by 17 to 27. The Senate decided that
that was not an undisputed balance; and then
they decided byavoteof2i) to 15 that $1,202,-
000 was an undisputed balance, and that the
remainder of the claim was to be reserved for
the further decision of tho Senate, because
it had been submitted by the Indians in the
treaty to the Senate to make the award; and
while the Senate at that time did not pass tbe
precise sum found due by the award, it settled
the principles of adjustment and directed the
computation to be made by the Secretary of the
Interior. When the appropriation made by
the Senate in 1801 went to the House, it is true,
the House rejected it; but after a conference
between the two Houses the provision which 1
have read from the law was inserted. And
what was that provision? It said in substance
that $500,000 should be appropriated on ac-
count of this claim, and charged against the
Indians in the first settlement. It was not a
proposition that they should receive $500,000
m full; no proposition declaring that to be the
whole amount of the claim ; but it recognized
that the claim existed and made an appropria-
tion on account in part payment. When the
Senate then decided the undisputed balance to
be over one million two hundred thousand dol-
lars, and we have only appropriated $500,000,
1 insist that it is clear and beyond question that
much more than two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars of money is now in our hands be-
longing to these people, and which money we
ought to pay over ourselves rather than take
their trust funds and put them upon the market,
and perhaps sacrifice them.
Mr. STEWART. I thought I understood
this question, and now I see that I did per-,
feetly. This claim is forty years old. It was
reported by a Senator from Arkansas that
there was an undisputed balance of $2,300,000.
That was rejected; and then he offered a
proposition declaring that there was an undis-
puted balance of $1,202,000. In that shape
the Senate passed it, but the House rcjcctcd
it, and a conference committee agreed on an
appropriation of $500,000, which the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] supposed was a
settlement of the affair. Five- hundred thou-
sand dollars from $1,200,000 leaves $700,000 ;
and yet it is now stated to-day again that there
is an undisputed balance of $2,000,000. It
seems to an outsider who does not understand
the ins and outs of the Indian business, that
a claim which is that old and that elastic
should be examined before there is anything
more paid on account, before it is taken out
of the statute of limitation by any more pay-
ments. It appears thata treaty was made last
year which undertakes to jrevive these old
claims. It undertook to revive this stale claim,
which certainly must have been repudiated by
these Indians going into rebellion. That
treaty, as I remember it, simply reaffirmed
the prior treaty obligations; but it seems that
under this reaffirmance of the treaty obliga-
tions the Secretary of the Interior has ordered
a commission, and this commission has re-
ported a very large amount to be due ; and
before that comes to Congress for investigation,
in anticipation that there will be a favorable
opinion from the Secretary of the Interior, we
are asked again to pay something on account
and revive this old claim. Those of us who
are not conversant with these matters would
bo much better satisfied if tho claim was first
investigated and adjusted by somebody, so that
we could pay it and get a receipt in full; be-
cause a claim that can vary all the way from
seven hundred thousand dollars to two million
three hundred thousand dollars is a dangerous
claim. I think we have not sufficient informa-
tion for us to legislate upon the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
already consumed nearly three hours upon this
subject and obtained a vast deal of informa-
tion ; but I think there is quite as much infor-
mation yet to be given to the Senate as wo have
already received. Certainly the Indian doctors
do not seem to agree this morning very well in
relation to this claim. I therefore ask whether
my friend from Kansas, who has this resolu-
tion in charge, will not consent that it be post-
poned until next session, or that it be recom-
mitted to the committee?
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall be allowed
to have a vote on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, and after that is voted
down, if we are not then able to pass the reso-
lution, I want it either killed or postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must say
that I think this simply a useless consumption
of time, for I do not believe there is anything
like a majority of the Senate ready for any final
action upon so important a subject.
Mr. POMEROY. This bringing in of an old
claim by the Senator from Wisconsin is only
trying to get from the Senate an indorsement
of what the Senate cannot indorse and are not
prepared to indorse. It does not belong to this
measure, properly, at all. I think if that amend-
ment be voted down, there will be no difficulty
in disposing of the joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tho Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed tho following joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 25) providing
for the importation into the United States of
certain works of art duty free ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) authoriz-
ing the Second Auditor to settle the accounts
of officers of the Army in certain cases ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 27) to change
the name of Moritz Judkiewicz to Morris Judd;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) for the
relief of soldiers who are entitled to artificial
limbs.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 7) providing for the ex-
penses of carrying into full effect an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the_ rebel States;" and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
