1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
DUTIES ON UM&IELLAS AND SPRINGS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 16) fixing the rate
of duty on umbrellas and on wire spifal furni-
ture springs, have directed me to report it back
and recommend its passage ; and I ask for its
present consideration. It is merely to correct
a mistake.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that hereafter there shall be levied,
collected, and paid upon umbrellas, parasols,
and sun-shades, imported from foreign coun-
tries, when made on silk, no lower rate of duty
than that now imposed upon piece and dress
silks, namely, sixty per cent, ad valorem, and
when made of. other materials than silk the
duty shall be fifty per cent, ad valorem; and
that wire spiral furniture ^springs, imported
from foreign countries, manufactured of iron
wire, shall be required to pay the same rate
of duty as now imposed on iron wire, namely,
two cents per pound, and fifteen per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
state that in 1864 the duties upon piece silk
were raised to sixty per cent., and through in-
advertence the duties on silk umbrellas were
not raised, but remained at thirty-five per cent.
Until recently, the importers did not find out
this fact, and the manufacture has continued
here. But recently the importers have ascer-
tained that they can import umbrellas at thirty-
five per cent. Of course, with the duty on silk
at sixty per cent., this is utterly destructive of
all American manufactures of the article. It
is certainly reasonable and proper that there
should be the -same rate of duty on the um-
brellas that there is on the raw material.
In regard to the other article of spiral wire
springs, there is a Specific duty on iron wire:
and when it is manufactured into the form of
spiral springs there is an ad valorem, duty; so
that iron wire in the form of spiral springs can
be imported cheaper than it can in the form
of wire. This merely puts the same rate of duty
on the springs as on the wire, and I trust there
will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) author-
izing tixe Second Auditor to settle the accounts
of officers of the Army in certain cases, and
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) for the
relief of soldiers who are entitled to artificial
limbs, were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 27) to change
the name of Moritz Judkiewicz to Morris Judd^
was read twice by its title, and referrred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 25) provid-
ing for the importation into the United States
of certain works of art duty free, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 20, 18fi7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was partially read,
when
Mr. SIIANKS moved that the further read-
ing ol'the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPRISONMENT OF REV. JOHN M'MAIION.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
40TII GOTO. 1ST RESS.—No. 15.
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Itcsolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be, and they are hereby, instructed to investigate the
cause of, and any facts connected with, the imprison-
ment for life in Canada of Rev. John McMahon, a
citizen of Anderson, Indiana, and pastor of-the Cath-
olic church at that place, and what means, if any,
should be taken for his relief; and for such purpose
have power to send for persons and papers, and tnat
said committee repoft their investigation to this
House as early as practicable.
AMERICAN CLAIMS AGAINST GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire why the claims of American
citizens against the British Government, commencing
with those reported by the President, January 19,
1859, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of June 14, 1858, and including also all that have
arisen since that time, have not been paid, and to
report what, in the judgment of the committee, ought
to be done in order to secure a speedy settlement of
all said claims.
Mr. LOG-AN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to announce that Hon. Jacob
Benton, a member-elect from the State of
New Hampshire, is now present and ready to
take the oath of office.
Mr. BENTON presented himself and was
duly qualified by taking the oath prescribed
by law.
STEAMSHIP PAONSIIUN.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Senate be requested ta return
to the House of Representatives joint resolution (S.
11. No. bO) to change the name of the steamship Paon-
shun.
LAND CLAIMS IN" CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution respecting sales of the
public lands and preemption and homestead
claimants thereof between the cities of San
Jose and San Francisco, in California; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands when appointed.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORFEITURE OF BONDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for the forfeiture to the United States of
the bonds granted to the several States of the South
in 1S5G, to aid in the construction of certain railroads,
which grants have expired by limitation.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose we may as well
stop their railroads as we -have stopped their
schools.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. T move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield for that
purpose. I yield to the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
STANDING- COMMITTEE ON LABOR.
Mr. BAKER, by uuanimous consent, sub-
mitted-the following preamble and resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas in view of the greater liberty and larger
recognition of manhood which have followed the sup-
pression of the rebellion, it is eminently fitting that
the Government should bo placed, if possible, m bet-
ter relation with the working people ot tile country:
That the select Committee on the
Rules be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
constituting a standing committee of this House on
labor, and to report the result of their inquiry by
resolution or otherwise.
clerks' fees, etc.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and
for other purposes," approved February 26,
1853; which was read a first and second time-,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPORTATION OF WORKS OF ART DUTY FREE.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimousconsent, intro-
duced a joint resolution providing for the im-
portation into the Uuited States of certain
works of art duty free; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution provides that from and
after the passage of this joint resolution any
object of art imported by any individual or
association of individuals for presentation as
a gift to the United States Government, or to
any State or city government, shall be admitted
free of duty under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OF LINE OFFICERS OF TIIE ARMY. •
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution authorizing the Second
Auditor to settle the accounts of officers of
the Army in certain cases ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Second Auditor to audit
and settle the accounts of line officers of the
Army to the extent of their pay for their ser-
vices as such due them from the United States
in all cases where they shall make affidavit of
their inability to make their monthly report or
returns by reason of their having been prison-
ers in the hands of the enemy, or by any acci-
dent or casualty of war they have been unable
to account for property in their possession.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 19) to clothe the maimed
and destitute soldiers ; and
An act (H. R. No. S3) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 18G7, and to facilitate resto-
ration.
deserlt.
•Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the constitution of the State of
Deseret; which was ordered to be referred
with the accompanying papers _ to the Com-
mittee on Territories when appointed.
COLORADO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
call the attention of the House to the resolu-
tion referred to the Committee on Elections
in reference to the Colorado contested-election
The House referred to the committee cer-
tain credentials and some other papers of
persons claiming seats, with instructions to
