228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
proof upon which the committee -may act in
deciding the final case. But as credentials
upon the preliminary investigation the paper
is of no value at all, because the law does not
invest the officer who made it with any author-
ity whatever to make a certificate to take the
place of credentials here or anywhere else.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] state to the House which
one of these claimants had the majority of the
votes polled, so far as it appeared before the
committee ?
Mr. POLAND. We had no evidence on that
subject.
Mr. MILLER. Did not the certificate of the
board of canvassers state that fact?
Mr. POLAND. That certificate was not
before us as evidence.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not suppose the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] means
to say that the report of the board of canvass-
ers, officially signed and certified under the seal
of the Territory, was not before the commit-
tee ; but the gentleman moans that the result
of the canvass of that board was not evidence
Jjefore the committee.
Mr. POLAND. The paper signed by the
secretary and auditor of the Territory of Colo-
rado was presented to the committee by Mr.
Chilcott as part of his credentials. The chair-
man of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawes]
announced to the parties when they appeared
before us that the committee would not receive
any evidence; but that we were merely to re-
ceive the papers produced and put forward as
credentials. One of the claimants produced
the certificate of the Governor of the Territory
that he, Mr. Hunt, was duly elected. The other
claimant, Mr. Chilcott, produced a certificate
signed by the secretary and the auditor of the
Territory that he had received a majority of the
votes cast.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not certain what
the chairman of the committee may have said
to the claimants, nor is it important. But
whatever authority was conveyed by the lan-
guage of the resolution of the House referring
this matter to the committee that authority
the committee had. That resolution directed
that all the papers relating to the election of
Delegate from the Territory of Colorado—not
the papers relating to the certificate, but all
the papers relating to the election of delegate—
should be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, with instructions to report at an early
day as to which claimant, if either, had a
prima facia right to a seat.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that by the
resolution of the House we had referred to us
the credentials of each of these claimants, or
what was claimed to be credentials. We were
not instructed at all to go into an examination
of the facts and determine anything about who
had the most votes. This paper signed by the
secretary and auditor of the Territory of Colo-
rado was before us, and was presented by one
of these claimants as part of his credentials.
Now, the only question we had to decide
was whether the paper thus presented was cre-
dentials or not, or was better credentials than
the one presented by the other claimant. In my
judgmentitwasno credentials at all. Whether
it is evidence to be considered upon an inves-
tigation of the merits of the case, when it comes
before us for determination, is altogether an-
other affair. It was not laid before us as any
such evidence, but as the credentials of the
peison claiming the seat. The only question
for us to determine was which one of these
cfiiimants, if either of them, has legal creden-
tials. In my judgment one of them has no
credentials at all. The paper he presents as
credentials is no better than credentials signed
by me or by any other member of this House.
The other gentleman has credentials which T
regard as legal in form, signed by the officer
authorized by law to sign it.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. Inasmuch as I have come to a
conclusion directly the reverse of that which
has been adopted by my colleague upon the
Committee of Elections,_ the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] I desire to state to
the House in a few words the reasons which
have influenced me in arriving at that conclu-
sion. I believe, as that gentleman does, that
the Committee of Elections were directed by
the House to determine which of these claim-
ants had a prima facie right to a seat here as
Delegate from the Territory of Colorado, and
who should be allowed to occupy the seat until
the final determination of the case. I believe
that the papers and the facts which were proper
to be considered by that committee do show
that Mr. Chilcott has the prima facie right to
a seat; and I think I can defend that proposi-
tion. Before proceeding, however, to do so,
I wish to give my view of the facts appearing
before the committee which have been com-
mented upon by my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Poland.]
The gentleman says that nothing was prop-
erly before the committee, nothing could prop-
erly be considered by the committee, except
the papers wliicb^ere referred to us and which
wo had in our hands. My judgment is differ-
ent. The parties came before the committee
claiming seats in this House by virtue of this
election, and they were represented also by
their respective counsel. Governor Cumming,
who was the counsel of Mr. Hunt, made on the
part of Mr. Hunt admissions which I contend
bind him as effectually as though made by him-
self. It is true that a certain paper presented
was claimed to constitute the credentials of
Mr. Hunt; but in presenting that paper Gov-
ernor Cumming made such a statement of facts
as in my judgment rendered the paper of no
validity whatever. Governor Cumming admit-
ted that this paper was given in direct contra-
vention of the finding of the board of canvass-
ers of the Territory who canvassed the votes
cast for the candidates for Delegate ; that the
majority of the board of canvassers decided
that Mr. Chilcott had received a majority of one
hundred and eight; andthathe (Governor Cum-
ming) had taken it upon himself, in contraven-
tion of the decision of the board of canvassers,
to give the certificate to Mr. Hunt.
It is said that Governor Cumming was not
sworn as a witness and could give no evidence
before the committee. But, Mr. Speaker, he
could make an admission ; and he did do so
before the committee. If a man should eome
into court with a note of hand, that note might
ba prima facie evidence of good cause of ac-
tion ; but if he should admit that that note of
hand was a forgery or had been stolen, I ap-
prehend it wouid destroy his cause of action.
I look upon this paper of Mr. Hunt, with the
accompanying admission of Governor Cum-
ming, very much in this light.
N ow, sir, I desire to say something upon the
question whether this paper presented by Mr.
Hunt was valid upon its face. I protest against
the argument which is attempted to be drawn
from the fact that this certificate is substan-
tially like those given to members-elect from
many of the States. The argument is not a
fair one, and I will state the reason. We pro-
vided by law two years ago what should be the
form and character of certificates given to
those elected members of this House; and
by that law we directed the Clerk of the
House to place upon his roll the names of
men who had certificates embracing certain
facts. When a man claims his seat as a mem-
ber, and presents such a certificate in accord-
ance with that law of Congress, that certifi-
cate is of course prima facie evidence of his
right to a seat.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Illinois' whether the form
of credentials for members of the House was
not the same before the passage of that statute
as it has been since, and whether the statute
was not passed for the very^ purpose of meet-
ing a difficulty that had arisen in relation to
the accepted form of credentials of members
of the House.
Mr. COOK. I have not time to answer that
question as fully as I would wish to do; but I
will say that the form of certificate of a man
claiming a seat as a member from a State is
prescribed in the law. A Delegate from a Ter-
ritory stands upon an entirely different footing.
The law does not prescribe what shall be the
form of the certificate of a person claiming a
seat as a Delegate.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COOK. My colleague on the commit-
tee must excuse me. I cannot yield now.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word of
explanation.
Mr. COOK. I presume the gentleman will
have an opportunity after I get through to
say what he desires; I cannot yield at present.
Now, sir, under what circumstances can the
Governor of the Territory certify that a man
is elccted 'a Delegate from that Territory to
this House under these circumstances, when
the secretary of the Territory, auditor, treas-
urer, or any two of them, in the presence of
the Governor, shall canvass the votes given
for Delegate, the Governor shall give a certifi-
cate of election to the person having the high-
est number of votes? Then the Governor can
give a certificate to the man who has the high-
est number of votes.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
this fact: that the Governor, in the discharge of
this duty, is in the exercise of a limited special
jurisdiction, and not in the discharge of any
duty like that of a court of general jurisdiction,
where the presumption would be in ftivor of
the legality of his acts. He is in discharge
of limited special jurisdiction, and must con-
fine himself distinctly within the limits of the
authority conferred upon him by the statute,
and that authority must appear affirmatively
in every step taken in the matter.
Now, what authority had this Governor?
He had the authority to give a certificate to
the man who had the highest number of votes
after the board of canvassers should have de-
termined by an actual canvass how many votes
had been cast for each candidate, and he hud
no other authority. By his own admission,
made before the committee, he has given his
certificate to the man whom the board of can-
vassers has determined has the minority of
votes by one hundred and eight. I say that
he has not only no authority to give a certifi-
cate to a person whom the board of canvassers
had determined was not elected, but that the
certificate should show upon its face that the
authority was exercised in conformity with the
law conferring it. He has a right to give a
certificate under certain circumstances, and
that certificate should show the facts to exist
upon which the right to give it depended.
If he had the right to give this certificate, if
it is prima facie evidence of the election of
the person who holds it, it would liave been
prima facie evidence of the same fact if it had
not shown that any election had taken place,
if it simply said, " Sir, you are elected a Dele-
gate to Congress." If we may dispense with
one condition-precedent, we may dispense with
all of them. The result is as precisely illus-
trated in this case, the Governor may give a
certificate on his own motion to a man whom
the people have rejected, to a man certified by
the regular election officers to have received a
minority of the votes cast at this election.
There are two questions to be determined.
The first is, ought it to appear upon this certifi-
cate that the Governor has acted in conformity
to law in giving it? Ought the facts which
must exist to authorize the Governor to give it
to appear upon it? It does not appear that the
Governor had any right to give it, because the
law of the Territory, construed in connection
with the organic law, provides that the board
of canvassers shall determine who has received
the majority of votes. That certificate does not
show that the board of canvassers have ever
acted. The evidence shows that they did act,
and that Mr. Chilcott received a majority of the
votes. If it need not be shown by the certifi-
cate what person received the majority of votes
as found by the board of canvassers, then noth-
