230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
called upon before our committee to state the
facts on the point in question he expressly
refused to do so, saying that that was not the
time or the occasion for going into a statement
or investigation of the facts. He expressly
declined to appear before our committee in the
capacity of a witness in any sense whatever ;
and he also went so far as to say that whatever
lie might have stated in regard to the facts he
desired to.withdraw. I say further that on that
occasion he said in so many words that by the
result of the election Mr. Hunt was duly
elected a Delegate, and had received the clear
majority of the votes, and was entitled to the
seat. If, therefore, he did make the admis-
sions alleged, let us take all his statements
together, as a plain principle of common sense
and of law requires, and give Hunt as well as
Chileott the benefit of them, if such irrelevant
matters must be brought into this controversy
at this stage.
Mr. COOK. With the consent of my col-
league on the committee, I will ask him a
single question. When Governor Gumming
said that he declined to go into the question
of fact, was not that remark made in reply to
a question of the chairman of tlic committee
as to the reason which had induced him to
give a certificate contrary to the finding of the
board of canvassers ?
Mr. KERR. My impression is that the
remark was made in reply to an inquiry ad-
dressed to him by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Upsox,] and not in reply to a ques-
tion of the chairman of the committee. It is
immaterial, however, from what source the
question came. I simply state my recollec-
tion of the fact as it transpired before the
committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 submit that upon the
papers referred to the committee Mr. Ilunt is
entitled to be sworn in and to occupy the seat
pending the further contest, according to the
legal method of procedure of his right. And
1 am strengthened in this conviction by the
which 1 take of the duties of the territo-
rial Governor under the law. I hold that in
this respect the territorial Governor possesses
precisely the same rights and the same powers,
and is required to perform precisely the same
duty as the Governor of a State in the case of
a member-elect to this House. He is required
to perform simply a ministerial duty, that of
issuing a certificate of election to the person
duly elected to the office. That duty the ter-
ritorial Governor in this case has discharged.
He has issued this certificate. In doing this,
he exhausted the power conferred upon him
by law. There remained no residuum ofpowcr
that could be exercised by any other officer.
There could be but one Governor of Colorado
competent to act upon this question. He was
the Governor, and he performed that duty; and
in doing so he exhausted the power. IIow,
then, could another gentleman who mightunder
the lavv become temporarily entitled to act as
Governor attempt to undo that which he had
done, to set aside his certificate and issue
another? Frank Hall, who issued the certifi-
cate five months afterward to Mr. Chileott, and
styled himself "secretary of state and acting
Governor," does not explain how he became
acting Governor; nor does it appear why he,
five mouths before, when all the facts were
fresh in hisiSemory, attested and countersigned
the certificate of Mr. Hunt, as secretary of the
Territory. The whole proceeding on his part
involves him in such inconsistencies as are
entirely inexplicable, except after a full ex-
amination of the case upon the evidence and
the merits. His conduct has very much the
appearance of having been prompted by some
political exigency.
It may be said that the acting Governor dis-
covered from the facts presented to him that
the tirst certificate was prematurely issued or
that it was even wrongfully or corruptly issued,
and that under these circumstances it became
his duty to correct the error. ButI submit, Mr.
Speaker, that this would be an erroneous in-
terpretation to place upon the duties of this
officer. I insist that if a wrong of that kind
was committed by the Governor the acting
Governor could not remedy it in this way. I
hold that the £acts constituting such a wrong
would afford the material for a successful con-
test of the right of the claimant, and that those
facts should be presented to this House in the
nature of evidence on an examination and
trial of the ease upon its full merits, but not
upon a mere. prima facie inquiry as to the suf-
ficiency of credentials. What the facts upon
such an examination may prove to be I am
wholly uninformed.
It is said the committee is somewhat embar-
rassed by the fact there is also a return of
the board of canvassers in this matter. Well,
there is a return of what purports to bo of
a portion of that board, but that cannot be
considered a credential. It could only be
■presented to our committee for consideration
in the nature of evidence, or as a part of Mr.
Chilcott'sprima facie case. No depositions
or testimony or parole evidence came to us
under this inquiry. It will not do to say that
if a notary public, in performing the functions
of his office in this city, should make a certifi-
cate which should be offered in a court of jus-
tice as evidence of certain facts stated in it,
the President of the United States could come
into that court of justice and say that ths com-
mission to that notary was fraudulently or
wrongfully issued, and that his official act is
null and void. Certainly that could not be
done, because the court could only judge of
the sufficiency of that act of the notary public
as a mere prima facia case. The court could
not go behind the record to inquire in that
preliminary way whether proper acts had pre-
ceded the making of the certificate of that
notary public or not. It is attempted in this
case to violate that simple rule of law. I sub-
mit it cannot with any propriety be done.
I wish to say one word more in conclusion.
I have not any particular personal objection to
the adoption of the report of tlic majority. I
do not know that it will much injure either of
these parties, i submit this minority report in
company with others, because I feel it to be my
duty to do so.
Air. MYERS. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question, and that is whether the evidence
before the committee did not fully establish
that Mr. Chileott had one hundred and eight
majority of the votes cast, and whether there
was any evidence to contravene that?
Mr. KERR. Do you address that to me?
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. Then my answer is that there
is not a solitary scintilla of evidence of the
facts stated by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania; not one particle, as 1 understand it.
But the very contrary; that Mr. Hunt had a
majority of the votes, and was duly elected.
Mr. MYERS. I find in the report sub-
mitted by the majority of the committee that
the board of canvassers returned that Mr. Chil-
eott had received one hundred and eight ma-
jority, but that the Governor gave the certifi-
cate to Mr. Hunt, who had no majority. He
said he was duly elected, but he does not follow
out the law and say he had the highest number
of votes. It is admitted, both in the minority
and majority reports, that the evidence is that
the board of canvassers certify Mr. Chileott
received one hundred and eight majority; and
that will determine my vote in favorof the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Iowa to admit
Mr. Chileott to the seat to which he is prima
facie entitled.
Mr. KERR. I wish to make a short reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I have
said there was no such evidence before the
committee, and I repeat it. This pretended
return of the board of canvassers was not in-
troduced as evidence at all. It was introduced,
if at all, by Mr. Chileott as part of his creden-
tials. If he had introduced certificates like that
one, I say they would have no legal force before
this House in this preliminary inquiry.
The gentleman says the return of the board
of canvassers shows that Mr. Chileott had a
majority. I say it is not necessary any certifi-
cate should show that. The law only requires
one of the contestants shall have the highest
number of votes cast. Neither is required to
have a majority.
Mr. MYERS. The highest number of votes.
Mr. KERR. Now, then, suppose the cer-
tificate of the Governor had followed the lan-
guage of the law and certified that Mr. Hunt
had received the highest number of votes, which
might not have been an absolute majority of
those cast, for there may have been a number
of candidates: in accordance with the law of
Congress, and in accordance with the law of
the Territory of Colorado, Mr. Hunt then would
have been duly elected a Delegate to the For-
tieth Congress.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia whether he can imagine that the facts stated
in Mr. Hunt's certificate can be true, and yet
that it can also be true that Mr. Chileott re-
ceived the highest number of votes?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield further to
my colleague, [Mr. Myers;] I yield five min-
utes to my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
SlIELLABARGER.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
takoitthat this case, like most other legal cases,
depends upon getting right definitions. The
question that was to be tried by the Committee
of Elections was as to who had the prima facie
right to a seat. Now, sir, what does that mean?
First, the committee have dealt with it as
meaning that they should ascertain who had
such a paper as was provided by the law to
show the party to have been elected. If that
is what prima facie meant in your resolution,
then the majority of the committee were right
in disposing of it in that view and holding that
neither party had given to the committee such
a paper as entitled them to report that he had
a good title to start with.
Now, I will waive the question whether the
certificate signed by the Governor and pre-
sented by Mr. Hunt would be good under the
law on its own face. I will admit that it would
be a good certificate, a matter about which I
have very serious doubts, however. Then I
invite my fellow-members to this idea, and it
is about all the idea I wish to present. My
colleague on the committee [Mr. Poland] says
that the committee were stopped short in their
investigation by seeing a paper laid before them
which looked like a good paper under the law,
and that they could not look beyond that.
Now, that may do very well, it seems to me—•
and I submit it with deference—in a trial of a
horse case or something of that kind, but it
strikes mo, as strange law when an American
Congress is inquiring whether a man is entitled
to take a seat under the laws of Congress in
this House. It is too narrow.
I put it to my friend what he would do in a
case like this: suppose Mr. Hunt had come
before the Committee of Elections and said,
"I procured that certificate by a larceny,"
would my friend stop short and say the Com-
mittee of Elections are bound to say that that
paper was good enough under the laws and
made a prima facie case? Or suppose he had
said it was a forgery, would my friend say that
the committee, having that.fact confessed be-
fore them, were bound to report to the House
of Representatives that it was a good prima
facie case because the certificate read right on
its face? Now, it seems to me, it is not char-
acterizing it too severely to say that that is not
very sound law, logic, or sense.
Well, sir, what did happen in this case?
Why, just this, according to what seems to be
confessed, though I was not present at the
j meeting, and therefore only state the facts as
they were stated to me in the committee after-
ward, when I was present: it was admitted
that under the law authorizing three men to
make a canvass, and authorizing the Governor,
who was to stand by and see it done, to give a
certificate of election, two of the canvassers
