234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
me that I ought not to undertake to, address
the House on the present occasion. _ I desire to
make but a few remarks in explanation, as well
as in justification, of the vote which I propose to
give upon the joint resolution now before the
House. The resolution itself involves a prin-
ciple of startling importance, and should not
be passed upon without due and serious con-
sideration.
Two controlling doubts have rested upon
my mind in regard to the proposition con-
tained in this resolution : first, as to the con-
stitutional power of Congress to appropriate
• money as a simple, naked, and unqualified
charity; and second, as to the agency through
which it is proposed that this charity shall be
administered. Sir, I look in vain among the
provisions of the Constitution, either express
or implied, for any expression or indica-
tion giving clear and undoubted authority to
Congress to lay its hands upon a single dol-
lar of the public treasure except for the ordi-
nary and legitimate purposes of Government.
It is a fact not to be overlooked or disre-
garded that none of the recognized commen-
tators upon our Constitution—Story, Rawle,
or Sedgwick—have alluded in the remotest
degree to this wholesale and indiscriminate
power of Congress, as now sought to be exer-
cised, to appropriate the money of the people
in the total absence of any mutual valuable
consideration moving from its beneficiaries.
I have neither had the time nor the opportu-
nity, since the inauguration of this debate, to
look into the works of these authors ; but I
challenge the friends ofthisresolution, whether
on the -Democratic or the Republican side of
the IIousc, to produce a single sentence from
these leading expounders of the great organic
instrument of the Government which will sus-
tain the power now attempted to be exercised
in the uncontrolled disposition of the public
treasure. It is, therefore, at least a mooted
question, about which there may exist au hon-
est difference of opinion, and to tlie correct
solution of which each member must bring
such lights and such convictions as lie may
have upon the subject. Sir, so far as my action
is concerned, I could not give my support to
this resolution even upon the theory of a
doubtful assumption of constitutional power.
It struck mc as somewhat unusual, if not
slightly amusing, Mr. Chairman, to see some
of our friends on this side of the House quot-
ing the Thirty-Ninth Congress as an authority
which was not to be questioned upon a point
of constitutional power. In looking over the
list of lows passed by the last Congress, the
very titles of a large .number of them do not
impress the mind very strongly with the belief
that the Constitution was much in the way of
any measure or project desired by the majority
in that Congress. I admit that a legislative
act, even when brought to the test of judicial
construction, is sometimes treated as a spe-
cies of quasi adjudication upon doubtful ques-
tions of constitutional power and construction,
jint this principle only applies where the ques-
tion is doubtful and where there has been a
long and unconflicting line of clear and ex-
plicit legislative precedent in favor of such
construction. There is no recognized rule of
constructive interpretation which can give this
power to the Legislature upon any language
u«ed in the Constitution. Gentlemen upon
this floor have claimed that we have numer-
ous legislative precedents for such appropri-
ations. This may be so; but I have no recol-
lection of a single instance where a money
appropriation has been made for any such
purpose.
The allusions made to the action of Con-
gress upon the subject of the Greek revolution
and the Irish famine, unless I am greatly mis-
taken in my recollection, do not sustain the
proposition contained in this resolution. The
only proceedings of Congress of any positive
character in relation to the struggle of the
Greeks to throw off the Mussulman yoke in
1825, was embodied in simple resolutions of
sympathy and encouragement. No money was
voted; no material aid was tendered. During
the session of 1826, Mr. Livingston offered the
following resolution in the House:
" Resolved, Thatthe Committee of V?ays and Means
be instructed to prepare and bring in a bill making
an appropriation of$50,000, to be expended undertho
direction of the President, ir. the purchase and trans-
portation of provisions for the suffering inhabitants
ot Greece."
The resolution was laid on the table, and was
never afterward taken up. So, too, in rela-
tion to the famine in Ireland a few years ago.
My memory is greatly at fault if Congress ap-
propriated a single dollar in money or provis-
ions for the relief of the Irish people. The
tender of a public vessel for the transportation
of private donations did not necessarily involve
the money power of Congress. Nor would a
single or a few instances of like appropria-
tion present such a line of kindred and con-
secutive precedent as would establish even a
legislative construction of the powers of the
Constitution. If this power, thus claimed,
were not, in effect, a new question ; if it was
not practically the first time in the history of
American legislation in which Congress seri-
ously proposed to exercise this doubtful power
over the money of the people to a large amount;
then, even as a member of that class of legis-
lators which the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butlek] so sneeringly denom-
inates as "strict constructionists," I should
with great pleasure record my vote in favor of
the power thus assumed for so noble and praise-
worthy an object. But in times like these, so
eminently and fearfully revolutionary in their
character—when constitutions and the great or-
ganic principles of the Government are kicked
about like foot-balls in these Halls of legisla-
tion—I glory in the character of a ligid and
unbending constitutionalist.
Sir. if this was a mere matter of expediency
or humanity, and not a question of solemn
constitutional power, reaching up to the obli-
gations of the oath we have taken to support
and maintain that Constitution, there is 110
gentleman on this floor who would more cheer-
fully vote for this bill than I would. If I were
satisfied of our constitutional power over this
subject, 110 fear of the precedent we would
thus establish for future legislation, no appre-
hension of popular disfavor, no impression that
this donation might be ungratefully received
011 the part of the objects of our bounty, would
repel me from voting for even five times the
amount proposed in this bill. It has every
sympathy of my heart. I was deeply impressed
with the touching and eloquent appeal of my
colleague, [Mr. Bingham.] Every impulse of
my heart throbbed responsive to the noble and
gushing sentiments of that impassioned invo-
cation ; but legislation under a written Con-
stitution like ours means something more than
mere passion and sentiment. The passions,
and even the duty, of the heart is one thing ;
the stern and logical necessity of reason, the
imperative obligations of a sworn and conscien-
tious public duty, is quite another and a differ-
ent consideration. The dictates of this para-
mount obligation I cannot, dare not, disregard.
Entertaining these doubts upon the question of
constitutional power, I am compelled, reluc-
tantly compelled, to record my vote against the
passage of this bill.
One word, Mr. Chairman, as to the proposed
channcl through which this charity is to be ad-
ministered. That would be a stumbling-block
in my way, even in the absence of constitu-
tional doubts. The Freedmen's Bureau is an
institution created for a specific and clearly-
defined purpose. The resolution now under
consideration provides for no scheme of dis-
tribution. There is no clear and«well-defined
declaration of the trust. The precise object
of the charity is not made manifest by any clear
description of its beneficiaries. It simply
adopts the bureau as its agent, without any
instructions whatever. The whole manage-
ment and disposition of this fund, then, is sub-
ject to the mere discretion, to say nothing of
the prejudice and partisan feeling, of these
bureau superintendents. My confidence in
this most anomalous department of the Gov-
ernment will have to be much more decided
and ardent than it now is to make me willing
to intrust it with the management of a fund
of this magnitude, while the object of the fund
remains so vague and indefinite. And more
than all this: even if this appropiiation in-
volved no higher question than that of legisla-
tive expediency, we have from this people no
petitions upon our tables asking for this
charity: no satisfactory evidence before us
that they will accept this donation at our hands.
Indeed, Mr. Chairman, in tlie light of occurring
events around us, it would not be at all sur-
prising if they should wholly reject it. .It is
folly to shut our eyes to the relations of the
parties. Congress, by passing this resolution,
will voluntarily put itself in the position, with
reference to the southern people and its past
and current legislation, of holding a whip of
scorpions in one hand and a cruse of oil of the
Good Samaritan in the other. The picture
would be curious, but it would be strictly truth-
ful and historic. Now, I am in favor of no such
ridiculous and absurd position as that. Is this
House ready to do so ? You have already done
so by legislation now actually pending on the
Speaker's table. Who among us can read the
most extraordinary £ill introduced by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] on yesterday, or that powerful and
most concentrated gall ofbitterncss, his speech,
upon its introduction—a bill and a speech which
seeks to wrest from its owners, by an exertion
of mere legislative power and as a punishment
of crime without trial or conviction, more than
five hundred millions of property—without feel-
ing in the depths of his heart that such legisla-
tion, coupled with any rational idea of Christian
charity, is but the merest mockery of justice,
and the very acme of insult and degradation.
Sir, the action of an American Congress in
regard to the southern people should long ago
have been based upon one of two distinct and
unequivocal propositions. There should have
been no doubt of the political status of that
people from the moment they laid down their
arms and submitted themselves to the Federal
authority; they should, every man, woman, and
child of them who had been identified with the
rebellion, either have been driven into the Gulf
of Mexico, or have been taken back trustingly
and kindly into all their former relations with
the Union. This intermediate and unremitting
torture, in the nature of an extra-judicial pun-
ishment, is unchristian and inhuman, and is
fast making the American name a by-word and
a reproach among even the monarchical nations
of the earth.
I know not how the southern people will feel
on this question; but this much I do know:
that if I were in their place, with every right
belonging to them as men and citizens trampled
under foot, with organized and undismembered
States made subject to all the burdens, and
stripped of all tkeprivileges of the common gov-
ernment, with their civil courts abolished, and a
military despotism placed over them as the sole
and irresponsible arbiterof their lives and prop-
erly ; I say, sir, that under all these circum-
stances of tyranny and oppression, if I were
one of them, with all the instincts of an Amer-
ican freeman still in my possession, I would
die by the slow and terrible process of starva-
tion rather than touch one dollar of this con-
gressional charity.
Mr. Chairman, what the people of the South
now most stand in need of is, not bread, but
justice; not charity, but constitutional liberty;
not a mockery of woe, but a manly apprecia-
tion as peers ; not a doubtful bounty, but a real
and full fellowship in the great and glorious
privileges of a Federal Union, which shall rec-
ognize, under the Constitution, the perfect
equality of States, reestablishing civil law where
military despotism now dominates,  nd insure
to them the blessings of representative govern-
ment instead of an abject and degrading vassal-
age. Give to this downtrodden people these
great heritages of American freemen and we
shall hear no more of want and destitution.
