236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. LOGAN. "Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, yes.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say, in connection
with what the gentleman has said about the
report of General Howard, that I am told
by an honorable member of this House that
General Howard stated to Mm this morning
in a committee-room of this House that he
had ample appropriations now unexpended to
supply the wants of all classes of persons in
the whole South, without one dollar more,
until December next.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I will say one thing
farther—if the gentleman pleases : that General
Howard told me this day iu this Hall—if I may
be pardoned for stating what he said 
Mr. LOGAN, I can give the gentleman the
name of my informant.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not doubt the accu-
racy of the statement made by the gentleman;
but I want to state as one- of the reasons why
I offered the amendment which was ruled out
of order by the chairman, to strike out this
appropriation of $1,000,000, that General
Howard himself informed me that under the
existing law he could not appropriate the
money he now had to relieve all the suffering
indiscriminately, for the I'eason that by the
very terms of your law the relief is limited to
freedmcn and refugees. Now, having had
somewhat to do in framing the last bill in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, I undertake to say, with
all respect to my colleague, [Mr. Schenck,]
that the word "refugees" has-not been con-
strued by the Freedmen's Bureau to embrace
people who are dwelling within the States of
their nativity, who are refugees from no one
and from no law, but who are starving in their
own houses.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am certain that is a
mistake.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to inquire
of my colleague [Mr. Bingham] if he knows
how much money there is now in the hands
of the Freedmen's Bureau unexpended which
can be used for the purpose of assisting dis-
tressed people in the South?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know precisely,
but I infer from my interview with General
Howard that there might possibly be $1,500,000
which could be appropriated to this purpose, if
my amendment should bo adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understaitd the gen-
tleman correctly, lie says that the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau is now re-
stricted to assisting refugees and frecdmen.
Mr. BINGHAM. In supplying food.
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, in supplying food.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly he is.
Mr. ALLISON. And that he cannot use
any of the funds heretofore appropriated, ex-
cept in that way, unless there be additional
legislation.
Mr. BINGIiAM. That is what I under-
stand.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, I desire to know
from my friend from Ohio whether or not his
proviso will enlarge in any sense llie existing
law. It does not seem to me to have that
effect.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I beg leave to say that it
does enlarge it to just this extent 
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague allow
me to say 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir, I cannot yield
now ; and let me say that I do not intend that
this cause shall be higgled and chopped to
pieces by its enemies.
1 am obliged to the gentleman from Iowa
for making the suggestion. The proviso I have
offered does enlarge existing legislation to this
extent: that whether the famishing poor in the
South be black or white, whether they be freed-
men, refugees, or other persons, the funds
heretofore appropriated for these very pur-
poses, but limited to freedmen and refugees
can, if the proviso be adopted, bo applied to
the relief of whatever persons may be famish-
ing for bread, whether or not they answer the
description of refugees or freedmen.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman what is included in the
term "refugees?" Have the officers of the
breau, in relieving destitution, ever made any
distinction between the poor loyalist and the
poor disloyalist?
Mr. BINGHAM. I ha,ve always understood
that the term "refugee" has a specific and
definite meaning in the law, and never did
apply to any person except those who have
been expelled from their own region of coun-
try, or of their own choice have sought refuge
elsewhere.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. All I can
say is that nine out of ten of those who have
been fed by the Freedmen's Bureau have been
disloyal men who had become poor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, if that be so, the
gentleman ought not to object to my proviso,
unless it really be his purpose that when men
are dying from liunger.an inquest shall be held
to determine whether they fall within the defi-
nition of refugees or freedmen, and that unless
the question be decided in the affirmative we
shall let them die. That is the position which
is assumed here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] a question. I have
just been reading his proviso, and I do not
wish to do any injustice to his purpose ; but
it seems to me that if he has a definite design
in his mind he has failed to express it in lan-
guage which will carry out what I think is
desired by the mass of those who will vote
with him. If I construe correctly the language
of the proviso it simply forbids the expendi-
ture of another dollar by the Freedmen's Bu-
reau under existing laws until all the money
now at the disposal of the bureau shall be
diverted to this object and expended In carry-
ing it out?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is precisely what it
does.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] to permit the proviso to be again
read ; and I think that when he has carefully
observed its language he will be obliged, as a
lawyer, to confess that its - effect will be pre-
cisely this: to divert from its regular uses
every dollar already appropriated for the Freed-
men's Bureau, and expend it for the purpose
specified in this joint resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. And then, when that fund
has been expended, the officers of the bureau
can draw upon this appropriation of $1,000,000
for the same purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes; sir; that is the
effect of the proviso. It will not only apply to
this single purpose the appropriation now
made, but will divert to the same object the
fund already appropriated ; so that not one
dollar will go toward the purposes of the
Freedmen's Bureau as hitherto administered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will relieve my colleague.
I thought the text of the joint resolution would
be used in its construction. But my colleague
has overlooked that matter, and has confined
himself to the language of my proviso. But
in order that my colleague may be relieved, I
will repeat this at the risk of putting into the
statute, if this proviso be adopted, what may
be called surplusage or tautology and agree
that the words "to supply food" shall be
inserted in the proviso as in the original text
of the joint resolution, and thereupon my col-
league cannot hesitate in his judgment of the
matter.
Mr. GARFIELD rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Notnow. I wantthe com-
mittee to understand this. There is no mistake
about it. Let me refer to the original text of
the joint resolution. The Secretary of War is
empowered and directed to issue supplies of
food sufficient to prevent starvation and extreme
want to any and all classes of the people in those
southern and southwestern States where a fail-
ure of the crops and other causes have occa-
sioned wide-spread destitution, and that such
issues shall be made through the Freedmen's
Bureau under such regulations as the Secretary
of War shall prescribe. The proviso which I
wish to follow it, giving the suggestion of my
colleague touching this matter of food, will be
as follows:
Provided further. That no part of the money herein
appropriated shall be used for the purpose aforesaid
until all unexpended appropriations heretofore made
by existing law for the purpose of the Freedmen's
Bureau to supply food shall hare been first applied
to the purpose as herein specified, under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of said bureau.
Now, Mr. Chairman, having made that cor-
rection, I take the opportunity to say——
Mr. BOUTWELL. I apprehend the gen-
tleman has not met the difficulty in the original
bill. The original bill provides that the Freed-
men's Bureau may issue supplies of food and
clothing, and may also furnish shelter to freed-
men and refugees.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am aware of that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Under that the bureau
has set up asylums in various parts of the South
where they take care of the sick and infirm.
If I understand the proposition before the com-
mittee, as modified by the gentleman from Ohio,
it destroys at once the power of the Freedmen's
Bureau to issue supplies of clothing to the des-
titute or to keep up these asylums.
Mr. BINGHAM. I put the words of limit-
ation so that the agent appointed is to draw
until he has expended the fund designated by
law for the supply of food.
Mr. BOUTWELL. This limits the issue of
supplies to certain goods—to the supply of
food. Now, then, you prevent, by the proviso
of the gentleman from Ohio, that $1,000,000
being expended until the money now on hand
in the Freedmen's Bureau shall be expended
according to the provisions of this joint resolu-
tion, to wit, furnishing food, so that we pro-
hibit the furnishing of any more clothing.
Mr. BINGIIAM. The gentleman is mis-
taken. By the insertion i f the words " hereto-
fore provided for furnishing food" he is only
limited to that extent.
Mr. GARFIELD rose,
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a state-
ment. I know what the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts refers to. In the original bill, passed
at the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, there were about three million dollars
appropriated distinctly for supplying food, a
million and a half for the distinct purpose of
supplying clothing, and another large amount
of money distinctly for the purpose of trans-
portation. There was another definite sum
that was appropriated distinctly for the pur-
pose of education. Now, these words of limit-
ation here are to this effect: that he shall first
exhaust the fund appropriated by existing law
for the purpose of supplying food.
Mr. SPALDING. Does my colleague be-
lieve in the resolutions of 1798?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know why my
colleague puts such a question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow me to put a prac-
tical question. I want to know of my colleague
whether these appropriations to whieh he refers
were not made in the lump for all the purposes?
Mr. BINGHAM. They were not; they were
definite and distinct. I have stated it two or
three times. My colleague makes an inquiry
which furnishes the key to this whole matter.
I supposed the committee understood it, but I
will state again that under the existing laws
there are definite appropriations, which I un-
derstand are unexpended, for the purpose of
supplying destitute freedmen and refugees with
bread. Now, the amendment which I offer is
simply to extend the provisions of these ex-
isting laws so that the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau may apply these definite
appropriations now unexpended under existing
laws to supply food to all classes of persons in
the southern and southwestern States who are
famishing for bread, without the limitation of
the words "freedmen or refugees." That is
all there is of it.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield for a
suggestion ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. PILE. I suggest that we are all agreed
that it is desirable to reach the object aimed
