1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
at by the gentleman from Ohio; bat the differ-
ence of opinion seems to me to be with refer-
ence to the method of reaching it so as not to
conflict with existing laws or interfere with
the charities already provided for through the
Freedmen's Bureau. Hence it seems to me,
in order to accomplish the object, we liad bet-
ter vote down all the various amendments,-and
then substitute a resolution for the Senate res-
olution. That, I think, will make the matter
perfectly clear.
^ Mr. BINGHAM. There will be no difficulty
in doing that if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, now in the House, would withdraw his
pending substitute, so that another might be
offered.
Mr. PILE. I desire to have a substitute
that I have drawn read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized, through "theBureau of Freedmen, Refu-
gees, and Abandoned Lands," to extend athis discre-
tion the distribution of food andclothingauthorizedto
be issued to refugees and freedmenofthe rebel States,
so as lo includc any destitute women or children or
helpless aged persons.
_Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
will not limit it in that way, but modify it so as
to include all destitute persons.
Mr. PILE. I think' my proposition is very
broad. It says women, children, and helpless
aged persons.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know it does, but does
the gentleman mean to say that all persons in
middle life are to be excluded ? Sir, if gentle-
men are disposed to trifle with this I throw
down the gauntlet and defy them. I do not
propose to insult starving men because they
happen to be in middle life. I yielded to the
gentleman, not supposing he would offer such
a proposition, but that he was going to limit
it simply to those who were suffering; and I
now appeal to him to change the words of his
substitute so that it will include all classes
who are suffering.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition is not
pending as an amendment. It was read for
information.
Mr. FILE. I have no objection to modify-
ing it as the gentleman suggests.
-Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio 1ms the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did
not know he had been up all this time. I sup-
posed he had said enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to have an
amendment reported for information.
■ Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear it.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to move the
following proviso :
Provided hoxvever. That the total amount so to be
expended for food shall not exceed $1,000,000, unless
it becomes apparent to the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau that iuitlicr expenditures are
absolutely necessary to save men, women, and chil-
dren from death by starvation.
Mr. BINGHAM. That comes in at the end
of my proviso?
Mr. DONNELLY. Yes, sir. I ask the
gentleman to accept it as a modification of his
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. _ I acdlpt it, to come in at
the end of the proviso I have moved. I now
move that the committee rise and report the
joint resolution and pending amendments to
the House.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to
move to report a bill or joint resolution from
the Committee of the Whole while any amend-
ment thereto is pending.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing de-
bate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order,
had had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly Senate joint resolution
No. 1(1, for ihe -e.!wif of ihe destitute in i.he
southern and southwestern States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that when the
House again resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole and resume the consideration of
Senate joint resolution No. 16, all general de-
bate upon the joint resolution and amendments
thereto shall be terminated in -two minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division, there were—ayes
58, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 00, nays 01, not voting
37; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Chanler, Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Cornell,
Coy ode, CuHom, Dodge, Dnggs, Ecklcy, Egglcston,
Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Garlield,
Gravely, Hooper, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Kitchen,
William Lawrence Lincoln, Loan, Logan, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Polsley, Robertson,Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddcus Stevens.Thomas.Twitchell, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Welkcr,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Wood—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Barnes, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Coburn, Donnelly, Eldridge, Ferry, Fox, Gloss-
brenner, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill, Hol-
man, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hub-
bard, Humphrey, ."Julian, Kerr, Keteham, Koonte,
Mallory, Marvin, MeCullough, Morrissey, Mungen,
Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noeil, Orth, Peters, Pile,
Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Tabor, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Henry D.Washburn, John T. Wilson, and
Wood bridge—Gl.
NOT VOTTNG—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Blair, Bromwell,
Cook, Dawes, Donison, Eliot, Griswold, Harding,
lngcrsoll,KelIey, Kolsey, Lailin,GeorgeV. Lawrence,
L'ouehridge, Lynch, Marshall, Moorhead, Morgan,
Phelps. Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Selye,
Stone, Taffe, Taylor. Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, and Stephen F.Wilson—87.
So the motion was agreed to; and aecord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p.m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 21, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. NORTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of exempt-
ing from duty all live stock coming into that
State from the Rod river settlements; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce
and ordered to be printed.
ITe also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of appropriati.ons
for the improvement of the State road from St.
Cloud to Fort Abercrombie, in Dakota Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a wagon-road from
the western line of that State to Helena, in the
Territory of Montana; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the es-
tablishment of a daily mail route from Rush-
ford, in that Slate, to Decorah, Iowa; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a branch
extension of the United States military road
between Fort Howard, Wisconsin, and Fort
Wilkins, Michigan, from the village of Shawano
to the villa'ge of Wanson; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
reports of committees!
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post RoadSj to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. i) for the relief of William
Shunk, reported it with amendments.
_ Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affair's and the Militia, to whom was
recommitted the resolution (S. R. No. 21) in
reference to the collection and payment of
moneys due colored soldiers, sailors, and ma-
rines, or their heirs, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (IT. R. No. 73) to exempt ladders from
internal tax, reported adversely, and moved
that it be postponed indefinitely; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am unanimously in-
structed by the Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No; 18) to extend to the employes in the first
division of the National Currency Bureau of
the Treasury Department the provisions of the
joint resolution approved 28th February, 1807,
giving additional compensation to certain em-
ployes in the civil service at Washington, to
report it back and recommend its indefinite
postponement. It is the unanimous opinion
of the committee that these explanatory reso-
lutions ought not to be passed. Numerous
applications have been made from different
Departments for similar resolutions; and if
one is passed another must be, and there will
be no end to this sort of legislation. As the
letter addressed to the committee by the Comp-
troller explains his decision to the effect that
he holds that the female employes in the Cur-
rency Bureau can be paid their twenty per cent,
compensation, and that his decision only ex-
cludes male employes there who are paid by
the day and whose pay may be increased at the
pleasure of the head of the division, it is re-
garded as^ inexpedient to commence this sort
of legislation, and the committee have con-
cluded not to extend the application of the
resolution referred to in this report beyond the
classes designated in it. I move that this joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
senator from maryland.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Jndiciary, to
whom have been referred the credentials of Hon. P.
F. Thomas, chosen a Senator of the United States by
the Legislature of Maryland, bo authorized to send
for persons and papers for the purposes of said
reference.
oldenburg consul at new york.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to the Senate, if not in
his opinion incompatible with the public interest,
copies of any recent correspondence on the files of
the Department of State, relating to the exequatur
of the consul of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg, re-
siding at Now York.
regents of smithsonian institution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By expiration of their
term of office two of the Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution on the part of the Senate
have gone out, and it is necessary to fill the
vacancies. I move, therefore, that the two va-
cancies in the Regents on the part of the Sen-
ate be filled by appointment by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the Pres-
ident pro tempore appointed Mr. Trumbull
and Mr. Davis.
wrapping-paper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee on Finance, who have had under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 72j to exempt wrap-
ping-paper made from wood or corn-stalks
from internal tax, report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I
