1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
General Pleasanton says: •
''During the year 1364, while I was serving in the
Department of Missouri,' upon various occasions,
I had occasion to observe the gallant conduct and
esprit du corps' which characterized this force.
Especially during the campaign against Price in the
fall of that year it was more conspicuous.
Ihey have never, to my knowledge, refused to
leave the line of the State, which the terras of their
enlistment as a local force might he construed to
justify, but they were always ready to follow, seek,
and fight the enemy either within or without the
borders of their State.
" I am impressed that in all respects they possessed
the characteristics of other United States volun-
teers.
Remember, these communications were sent
here by the Secretary of War in answer to my
resolution. General McNeil says:
"I have always found the different regiments of
Missouri State militia ready and willing to march
wmSnever or wherever ordered, and to meet the ene-
mies of the Union where they could find them. No
other troops have performed so much service in
Missouri, and no troops have fought better when in
action. They have always been orderly, subordi-
nate, and dutiful, as well as vigilant, patriotic men,
patient of endurance."
It is evident that Mr. Stanton was clearly of
opinion that these troops were entitled to
bounty ; I think that is manifest from his let-
ter ; but he declines to pay it, because of the
opinion of the Solicitor, given, as I have stated,
in utter ignorance of the legislation of Con-
gress. I will now read what General Curtis
says of these troops :
" These troops I always considered United States
volunteers, subject to duty in and out of tho State,
and I considered them perfectly reliable everywhere.
1 often sent them boyondthe Missouri border to fight,
and many of them poured out their blood on distant
battle-fields for our cause and country; and I have
also shared with them the conflicts which mingled in
common graves their bodies with their comrades from
Iowa, Illinois, and Kansas.
"Governor Gamble claimedmore immediate com-
mand of the 'E. M. M.'—
the enrolled militia of Missouri, with which
these "Missouri State militia'' seem to have
been confounded—
"but as to the' M. S. M.'my authority was considered
absolute, even to the extent of prohibiting this force
from meddling with any protection of a master over
his slaves. And no troops, as a class, were more loyal
and devoted to the cause and means adopted to de-
stroy the rebellion.
" There was only a sort of implied agreement that
this corps should, as far as convenient, be keptin and
near Missouri; but whenever service required it, I
sent them beyond our State lines, and never heard a
murmur of objection.
"Surely these troops are entitled to bounties and the
grateful consideration of our country.
"Respectfully yours,
"S. 11. CURTIS, Major General."
I have also a letter of General Rosecrans
to the same effect, and a letter of General
Clinton B. Fisk, of General J. W. Davidson,
of General Herron, and of all other command-
ers who ever commanded these troops. There
is one difficulty in the resolution, and that is
that it makes no appropriation whatever ; and
I suppose it is now too late to undertake to
amend it in that respect. It is only a mei*e
declaration that these troops shall be put upon
an equal footing with other troops, and it will
require a subsequent appropriation in order to
get any money. It does not, therefore, amount
to anything in its present shape.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator how large
an appropriation will be required.
Mr. HENDERSON". There were ten regi-
ments of troops, ten thousand men. to be paid
a bounty of $100 each. Five hundred of them
have already received it, leaving nine thou-
sand five hundred to be paid.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that it seems to me the question
whether they were State troops or United
States troops is a question of fact rather than
a question of law, and it depends simply on
the fact whether they were or were not mus-
tered into the service of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. They were mustered in.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see the evidence of
it from the papers read ; and if they were mus-
tered into the service of the United Stales, I
do not see any possibility for any misunder-
standing as to their rights.
Mr. DRAKE. It is only under the decision
of the Solicitor of the War Department, as I
understand my colleague to say.
Mr. HOWE. But the decision of the Solic-
itor is based upon the allegation that they were
not in fact mustered into the servioo of the
United States.
Mr. DRAKE. But I understand my col-
league to say that when he made that decision
the Solicitor overlooked the law of the United
States in regard to them.
Mr. HOWE. But the law did not muster
them into the service. If they were' mustered
in, it was by the act of a mustering officer, and
not by statute ; but the Senator has not read
to us the statute on which he relies to establish
the national character of these troops.
Mr. HENDERSON. I said that I woul'd
read the law as soon as I could turn to it. I
have it now before me. It is in these words ;
I read from the act of February 13, 1862:
"That no volunteers or militia from any State or
Territory shall be mustered into the service of tho
United States on any terms or conditions confining
their service to the limits of said State or Territory,
or their vicinities, beyond the number of ten thou-
sand in the State of Missouri, and four thousand five
hundred in the State of Mary'and, heretofore au-
thorized by the President of the United States, or
Secretary of War, to be raised in said States."
Mr. HOWE. Let me suggest to the Senator
that that would by implication perhaps author-
ize these ten regiments to be mustered into the
service of the United States upon an agree-
ment that they should not be sent beyond the
limits of the State, but does not establish the
fact that they were, any one of them, mustered
into the service of the United States ; and it
does establish the fact that, if they were mus-
tered in at all, they were mustered in upon the
express understanding that they should not be
sent beyond the limits of the State ; they were
to be troops confined to tho service of Mis-
souri, and only serving the national interests
so far as the national interests were concerned
in the defense of Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. These troops, the Sen-
ate will observe, were not mustered into the
service of the State of Missouri, but they were
musteced into the service of the United Slates
according to my view of the subject. They
could not otherwise have been paid under our
laws. From time to time, during their three
years and four months of service, they were
paid from appropriations made under the laws
of Congress. They were paid by the paymas-
ters of the United States Army. How in the
world they were ever borne upon the rolls and
paid every month or two by the paymasters of
the United Stales Army I am at a loss to know,
unless they were in the service of the United
States. They were raised under an order of
Mr. Stanton, the Secretary of War. They
were United States troops to all intents and
purposes, with the exception of a provision in
the order raising them, and that, the Senate
will observe, was to prevent their being taken
out of Missouri, as our former troops had been
taken, because we had raised our full quota
before ; but when our troops got into difficnlty
in Kentucky and Tennessee our State was
deprived of its volunteers, not only those that
the State had raised, but those who had come
from Wisconsin so generously to help us, and
we found ourselves with an invasion entering
the southwest corner of the Slate, and without
any defense at all, and then these troops were
raised upon the implied promise that they
would not be sent down into Tennessee and
other sections of the country unless we could
spare them. That was the agreement. Now,
1 will state that these troops were organized
and put into the service under the act of July,
18151. They could never have been put into
the service otherwise. These troops _ never
considered that they had a right to object to
going out of the State. To be sure, there was
a sort of implied agreement to that effect, but
it very soon became necessary for them to
leave the State, and they always went when-
ever called upon. Some of these treops fought
in almost every battle in the West. They were
at Prairie Grove and at Pea Ridge, and, as
General Curtis says, numbers of them left
their bones on those battle-fields side by side
with the troops of other States. I never heard
•an objection made to their going, out of the
State; and'here is the report of every com-
mander under whom they served, sent by Mr,
Stanton, upon that subject. Clearly if any
troops are entitled to bounty these are.
Mr. HOWE. I make no objection to the
payment of these troops simply because their
service was confined to the State of Missouri.
If the United States offered to aocept their
services on those terms, it was perfectly legiti-
mate to do so. I do not think it was discreet
to do so. but they had a right to do so, and it
ought not to prejudice the rights of these regi-
ments. But if the Senator makes it clear that
they were borne on the rolls and were paid by
our officers, he has established the fact con-
clusively that they were mustered into the mil-
itary service of the United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Surely so. The State
never paid them a dollar.
Mr. HOWE. It nowhere appears on the
face of the papers that they were so enrolled
or so paid.
Mr. HENDERSON. They never could have
got into the service otherwise.
Mr. HOWE. If it is within the personal
knowledge of the Senator from Missouri that
they were so borne on the rolls and so paid
I am satisfied.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iam satisfied that they
served three years and four months and thai
the State of Missouri never paid them. The
(juartermaster's department transported them
from place to place, and they were considered
in all respects on an equal footing with all other
troops of the United States, with the bare ex-
ception of the implied agreement at the time
they were enlisted that they should be confined
in their operations to the State of Missouri,
but that was not respected, and it was utterly
void. Mr. Lincoln never "had any authority to
muster troops into service under such an agree-
ment. The act of 1881 provided that troops
might be mustered into the service in a ccrtain
way; but when once mustered in under the
statute they could be ordered anywhere, and
these troops so regarded it. It never was un-
derstood that they were not bound to go under
the orders of their commanders, and they went
wherever they were ordered, and they did not
consider that they had a right to object. In
all respects they are as much entitled to bounty
as any troops that served.
The truth of the matter is that they did more
valuable service in our State than any other
troops raised in the Stale; I will not say bet-
ter than any troops that came from other States
to assist us, but in comparing their services
with those of other troops raised in our State
I am frank to say that they rendered us more
valuable service than anv other troops.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. HENDERSON. Because they were the
best class of men. They were the very best
class of soldiers, as testified to by the certificates
of the various officers who had them in charge,
sent hero by the Secretary of War, and from
which I have read.
But it will be observed that this resolution is
a mere declaration that they are upon an equal
footing with other troops in that respect; it
does not appropriate a dollar. It will be clearly
within the discretion of Congress hereafter,
when making appropriations, to appropriate or
not pay these bounties. I suppose, of course,
it will be regarded as a sort of implied obliga-
tion that Congress shall provide an appropria-
tion to pay the bounties; but they are not bound
to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to call (lie Sen-
ator's attention to the expression " also all
those borne on the rolls as slaves. '' What
does that mean?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not partic.ilar
about retaining that clause. I have no objec-
tion to its being stricken out. There are but
few of that class. The Senator is familiar
with the legislation which provided for paying
the owners of slaves $300 for their s'aves who
enlisted. That hf>s been repealed.
