246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
in other words, as stated by the Supreme Court,
Unzaga confirmed the original French grant pro
tanto.
"Under these circumstances, we present ourselves
with a claim for so much of a French concession of
17X7 as was approved and confirmed by the Spanish
Government m X772."
Alt that these petitioners claim is simply
what was confirmed by Unzaga, which was
forty arpents, forty acres broad on the Missis-
sippi, extending back twelve miles to the Atch-
afalaya river, and yet the bill of the last session
allows them the entire concession that wa% made
by the Mississippi Company to Duvernay, ex-
tending twelve miles front on the Mississippi
river and twelve miles back, giving to these
people twenty times as much as they claimed
in their own memorial, and all the way through
it you will find by examining it that all the
claim they make is simply a claim for their
proportion of a tract of land in Louisiana forty
acres broad on the Mississippi river, and ex-
tending back twelve miles, and these heirs of
Bouligny are only entitled to one sixth part of
that. Here is the great mistake that has been
made.
In reference to the Supreme Court of the
United States, I acknowledge that the case was
dismissed for want of jurisdiction in that court
or in the district court of the United States for
Louisiana ; but Mr. Justice Nelson in deliver-
ing the opinion of the court examines the Du-
vernay title and declares it entirely invalid on
the ground that nobody knows where the loca-
tion was made, and on the ground that it had
no boundary and it had never been surveyed
from the time the concession was made by the
Mississippi company to Duvernay. The only
survey ever made was of the grant that was
given to the purchaser from Duvernay by Un-
zaga, the Spanish Governor; and it is upon
that survey that these petitioners claim, and
the whole of that tract, according to the bounda-
ries of it as they set it forth in their petition,
contains only a little over eight thousand acres
of land, and there is no computation of figures
that can make it contain more. Then while
these claimants only claimed a grant of a little
over eight thousand acres of land, the bill of
last session goes upon the assumption that the
claim is over four hundred and fifty-five thou-
sand acres.
I am indifferent as to the particular form of
the resolution, and am disposed in that respect
to accommodate the honorable Senator from
Maryland; but I think it is desirable that this
matter should be disposed of at this session in
some way, so that the parties may be relieved
from their suspense about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. My motive in asking the
postponement was not to defeat the measure,
but simply for the purpose of examining into
the question which it involves, and particularly
into the decision of the Supreme Court. I
assure the honorable member that if he calls
up the joint resolution to-morrow morning I
shall interpose no obstacle to its then being
acted upon finally. I therefore renew my
motion to postpone until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to—ayes eighteen,
noes not counted.
CUOCTAW AND CHICKASAW TRUST FUNDS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business which was laid aside at one
o'clock. The Senator from Wisconsin desires
to withdraw his amendment, and then I think
we can pass the joint resolution without dis-
cussion.
Mr. MORTON. There was a resolution
under consideration the day before yesterday
which was left as the unfinished business for
yesterday, but it was crowded out by other
measures. It will take but a short time to
dispose of it and I should be glad to have it
taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
18) for the sale of certain stocks held in trust
for the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that
when I proposed the pending amendment my
attention was not called to the fact that the
claims for which awards have been made are
against the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations
separately, and from information that has come
to me I ascertained that about two thirds of
these awards are against the Chickasaw nation
and one third against the Choctaw nation.
The fund out of which I desired to pay the
awards is a debt due by the United States to
the Choctaw nation alone. I find, therefore,
that my amendment is hardly applicable to the
case, and I cannot do justice to the case by
insisting upon it. I am therefore constrainsd
to withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made, leave will be granted to with-
draw the amendment. The Chair hears no
objection, and the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the joint
resolution be recommitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and I hope that will be
taken as a test question.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will not be
done. It has had the attention of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs already and has been
reported unanimously from that committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. My purpose is to postpone
action oti this subject of the sale of the bonds,
which is really a financial question, until after
the awards shall have been made by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. From the debate I am
satisfied that this ought to be done. There is
no necessity to authorize the sale of these bonds
until after the amount of the debts has been
ascertained. It may be that the Indians would
prefer to pay the debts out of their other funds,
or by that time they may have other means of
paying them. At any rate there is no occasion
for providing the means now.
Mr. POMEROY. This is only providing for
the payment of the awards in case they are
approved by the Secretary of the Interior. It
does not require him to sell any bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no necessity for
changing the existing law or changing the
treaty or making provision, for the payment
of the awards, until the awards are made and
submitted to us. It seems to me that we ought
not in advance to undertake to sell the trust
funds of these Indians, a portion of which is
devoted to the support of their schools, until
the matter is ascertained and submitted to us
upon the report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is not aware
of the fact, and does not understand the fact,
that these Indians are now in an entirely desti-
tute condition. They were driven into my State,
and they are to return to the Indian country
in the spring. They have nothing to commence
with when they go there, and can do nothing
unless they have some compensation for the
losses they sustained by being driven out. This
is a method of providing that compensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. From what was stated
yesterday by the Senator from Iowa, who was
Secretary of the Interior at the time the treaty
was made, I understood that the amount
awarded in this case is far beyond what the
tribe supposed it would be. I am told that it
is eight or ten times as much as the Indians
expected. They are disappointed with it, and
they intend to contest it. Certainly we ought
not against their wishes to sell their securities
—for they are not ours—held by us in trust
for them, until that question is settled. We
ought not to provide for changing the treaty
until after the amount is adjusted.
Mr. POMEROY. This does not provide
for any change in the treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. It provides for the sale
of bonds in order to produce money.
Mr. POMEROY. It only provides for pro-
ducing money to pay the awards provided for
in the treaty, and the amount does not exceed
the amount named in the treaty. If these
Indians could' be returned to their own coun-
try in any season of the year when they were
in condition to support themselves, there would
not be so much cruelty about it; but they must*
be returned this spring, and they have no funds
and no means to do anything with. I hope
this provision will be made. But I shall not
discuss the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should really like
to understand what the true condition of this
question is. It was mixed up yesterday with
another question which had nothing to do with
it apparently, and with which certainly I can
see no connection. I understand that on one
side it is claimed—and I should like to know
where the truth lies—that the Chickasaws, for
whose benefit this resolution'is intended, were
a portion of the tribe who for being loyal were
driven out from the tribe, and after the rebel-
lion was suppressed, a new treaty was made
with the Chickasaw tribe proper, as well as
with the Choctaws, made with that portion of
the tribes who were rebels in point of fact;
and in that treaty thus made with them, in
which certain claims of theirs were recognized
against the United States, provisions were
inserted to the effect that they should pay to
these people who had been driven out for their
loyalty for certain property of theirs which they
had taken and confiscated and put into the
treasury of the nation. Those claims thus
made have been submitted to a commission,
and have been ascertained so far as the com-
mission is concerned, and reported to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, but have not yet been
examined by him, owing to the want of time
and their voluminous character; and it is not
known what the decision will be. The pro-
vision of the treaty is that these claims, when
ascertained, shall be paid out of moneys be-
longing to the Chickasaw nation in the pos-
session of the United States. Now, there are
no moneys, technically, belonging to them in
the possession of the United States ; but there
is a certain trust fund belonging to them, con-
sisting of bonds of tho United States, to more
than a sufficient ijmount to pay these claims.
This resolution proposes, in ease the claims are
confirmed by the Secretary of the Interior, to
sell a portion of the funds thus belonging to
them for the purpose of paying the claims,
there being nothing else out of which to pay
them.
If that is the simple state of the fact, I am
disposed to agree to the resolution, especially
as it is alleged that these loyal Indians have
been reduced from a state of affluence to pov-
erty, absolute want, and suffering by the act
of the rebel portion of the tribe, who are the
majority, who drove them out; and that unless *
we make some provision for them in this way
they must continue in a state of starvation.
Now, sir, on that statement, taking it to be
true, I do not see any very particular objection
todoingit. "Money" is a technical term, and
the Secretary of the Interior, I think, under-
stands that he has no authority to sell the trust
funds, and he wants this resolution passed for
the purpose of enabling him to raise money to
pay these claims in case he affirms them. The
Senatorfrom Ohio objects, that these funds are
set apart for schools, &c. I understand the
fact to be that they arc general funds for gen-
eral uses, schools among other things; and
that there are sufficient stocks which may be
sold without material loss, being stocks of the
United States, sufficient to pay these claims.
If that was all there was of the case, I should
vote to give the authority asked, because in
the first place it is perfectly manifest on that
statement, that the tribe whom we are trying
to protect are those who were against us, who
rebelled and drove out loyal Indians from
among them, and who have been kept in a
state of starvation ever since tho tribe confis-
cated their property, and put it into their treas-
ury. This is merely calling on them to pay
back what has been decided to be justly due
to those whom they drove out, and drove out
in a state of starvation.
On the other hand, however, it is said that
in point of fact this money is not going to
