248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
already made, the President shall, on being notified
thereof, appoint other commissioners, who shall take
testimony and report as provided by the terms of said
treaty; and the Presidentmay fix the timesand places
for the meeting of said commissioners for taking tes-
timony on the claims presented. And the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby required to pay the amount
of award due to each Indian in person; and no part
thereof shall be paid to any assignee, agenf, or at-
torney.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and the amendments were concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and was read
the third time, and passed.
AGRICULTURAL MACHINERY.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
Ph. No. 31) to remit or refund duties on agri-
cultural machinery imported into the United
States as models, have instructed mo to report
it back without amendment and recommend its
passage. If it is to be passed at all, it should
be passed promptly. I therefore ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. The tariff act of 1864 ex-
empted this machinery from taxation, and the
tariff act of 1865 extended the exemption for
one year, and it expired on the 3d of March,
1866. The principle has been established by
Congress. Not only this, but it was on the free'
list in the tariff bill pending at the last session.
Mi-. MOKKILIj, of Vermont. I have no
objection to the passage of this resolution;
but I suggest to the Senator from New York
whether if we are to be called upon to act on
the tariff again it is not advisable to take the
House bill in relation to articles of statuary,
works of art, that have been given to various
municipalities, and whether that should not be
incorporated iu the same bill with this. It is
better to have as few of these bills as possible;
and it' we are going to be called on to act upon
the subject to which I have referred, I suggest
the propriety of considering both together.
Mr. MORGAN. If there be no objection
from other quarters to that course, I shall
make none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This had better go
over till to-morrow.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well. I move to
postpone the joint resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT J'OIt SLAVES ENTERING TIIE AltMY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the House joint
resolution No. 15.
Mr. MORTON. There is unfinished busi-
ness of the day before yesterday which was
crowded-out yesterday by other matters. I
desire to take it up now and have it disposed
of. It will take but a short time to dispose
of it, and 1 think it is entitled to precedence.
The business to which I refer is joint resolu-
tion No. 32, providing for reimbursing the State
of Indiana moneys expended during the rebel-
lion. Since the question was before the Sen-
ate the other day I have learned that resolu-
tions of the same character have been passed
in regard to Missouri, Pennsylvania, and West
Virginia. I have seen the act in regard to
West Virginia making provision for allowing
expenses of precisely the same character. I
am told that Missouri and Pennsylvania have
been paid expenses of the same kind. There
are but two States that have any claims of that
kind, as 1 am advised, Indiana and Ohio. The
claim of Ohio, I think, is quite small. Special
acts have been passed in regard to each other
State 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Indiana that my motion is in order, and I
hope he will allow the joint resolution to which
I have referred to come up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois is in order,
and being first made must be first put.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 15) suspending all pro-
ceedings in relation to payment for slaves
drafted or received as volunteers in the mili-
tary service of the United States, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It suspends all further proceedings under
the twenty-fourth section of the act of Con-
gress, approved February 24, 1864, tl to award
compensation to the masters of slaves drafte'd
into the military service of the United States,
and award compensation to persons to whom
colored volunteers may owe service;" and un-
der the second section of the act approved July
28, 1866, " making appropriation for payment
to persons claiming service or labor from col-
ored volunteers or drafted men." The Secre-
tary of War is to dissolve the commissions
appointed under these sections, and make pay-
ment to the commissioners and clerks for the
services rendered, upon their making report
of their proceedings to the War Department.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 am sorry
that the honorable Senator from Illinois
presses this measure with .so much pertinacity.
I had hoped that his own consideration of jus-
tice and of the plighted faith of the Govern-
ment in relation to this subject would have
induced him to consent that the measure should
be silently dropped. It is simply an effort to
inducc Congress to take up the matter of repu-
diation. That position cannot bo doubted by
any gentleman who will understand the facts
of the case. On the 24th of February, 1864,
Congress passed an act containing this section:
"Sec. 24. And be it further cnn«tcd% That all able-
bodied male colored persons, between the a^es of
twenty and foity-iive yeais, resident in the United
States, shall be unrolled according to the piovisions
of this act, and of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, and form part of the national forces; and when
a slave ot a loyal master shall be drafted and mus-
tered into the scrviee of the United Statos his master
shall have a certificate thereof, and thereupon such
slave shall be free; and the bounty of $100 now pay-
able by law for cach drafted man shall be paid to the
person to whom such drafted person was owing ser-
vice or labor at the time of his muster into the service
of the United States. The Secretary of War shall
appoint a commission in each of the slave Slates rep-
resented in Congress, charged to award to each loyal
person to whom a colored volunteer may owe service
a just compensation, not exceeding £300 for each such
eolored volunteer, payable out oi the fund derived
from commutations, and every such eolored volun-
teer, on being mustered into the service, shall be
free."
The Senate will recollect that persons who
were liable to be drafted into the military service
were allowed to commute that obligation by the
payment of $800 each. The aggregate amount
thus paid by way of commutation was some
ten or twelve million dollars. In the act which
I have read this fund is set apart by the law
of Congress to pay to the loyal owners of slaves
that should be enlisted into the military service,
or who might volunteer, $300 each ; and to the
owners of those who might be drafted, $100
each. Here is the simple law, the obligation
tmd contract of Congress and of the United
States in the form of a law, that all loyal own-
ers of slaves who would encourage them to
enlist into the military service of the United
States should receive $300 for each one volun-
tarily enlisted, and $10G>for each slave who
might be drafted. Under the faith plighted by
this law many of the loyal owners of slaves in
Kentucky and in Maryland induced them to
enlist into the military service; and many en-
listed into the military service without consult-
ing with their owners at all. When this law,
in its plain, explicit terms, says that hero is a
fund arising from commutation, which, by the
report of the War Office, amounts to ten or
twelve million dollars, thatshall be appropriated
to the payment of bounties for every loyal man's
slave that may be enlisted into the service of
the United States, not exceeding §300 each, t
ask if there can be a plainer pledge, a plainer
contract on the part of the Government with
the owners of this sort of property, that they
should have in the form of bounty from that
fund not exceeding the sum of $300 for each
enlisted slave ?
What is the proposition now under consider-
ation ? It is simply in substance and effect to
i repudiate this contract. The law from which
I have read was passed in 18<3*4. At the first
session of the last Congress, the House of
Representatives inserted in one of the appro-
priation bills a clause repealing this law ; and
the appropriation bill in that shape Came to
the Senate. The Committee on Finance rec-
ommended a disagreement to the House pro;
vision repealing the law. The subject was
discussed in the Senate, and after consideration
the Senate _acted in conformity with the recom-
mendation of its committee and disagreed to
the clause of the House bill repealing the law
which I have just read. This action of tlie
Senate was submitted to the House and the
House concurred in this adherence of the
Senate to the good faith of Congress, thus
refusing to repudiate the solemn obligation of
the Government, and reaffirming it.
Here was this matter then again deliberately
acted upon: The House of Representatives
endeavored to lure the Senate to a violation
of the faith of the Government and of Con-
gress. The Senate refused to be so lured and
decided, and so did Congress, solemnly, after
argument and after conference between the two
Houses on the disagreeing votes, that the faith
of the Government should be preserved and
that this $300 bounty should be paid. That
was a sacred form, and a more solemn form in
which Congress decided to preserve its faith
with the owners of this property. The Secre-
tary of War, though, from time to time refused
to appoint commissions to assess the value of
these slaves, not exceeding $300 each, until
1S66, when in one of the appropriation bills
this clause was inserted :
"That so much of any money in the Treasury
known as the 'commutation fund"'—
the fund that was set apart and was pledged
by the act of 1864, for the payment of these
bounties—
"as may bo necessary bo, and tho same is hereby,
appropriated for the payment to loyal persons claim-
ing service or labor from colored volunteers or
drafted men, tho amounts heretofore or hereafter tr>
be'awarded them under the provisions of section
twenty-tour of tho act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act for enrolling and calling out tho
national forces,'" approved February 21,1864,''
which I have just read—
"for each person so claimed to be held to scrviee
or labor, who has enlisted or been drafted into tho
military service of the United States."
Now, Mr. President, here is the faith of the
Senate three times solemnly pledged to the
payment of these bounties. I ask, then, if the
Senate should not in good faith pay these boun-
ties to the loyal owners of the slaves who were
thus enlisted. I remember that a day or two
ago the present incumbent of the chair [Mr.
Fbclixgucyses] enunciated this beautiful sen-
timent: that the plighted faith of a nation was
its religion, and that that plighted faith ought
to be observed with all the solemnities of the
most religious obligation. It was a just and a
beautiful sentiment, and uttered in handsome,
classic language. I think that that sentiment
of national morals, of good faith between the
Government and its citizens, ought to find an
echo in the bosom of every Amftri*n states-
man and of every honest man. I am amazed
at the persistence of the House of Represent-
atives, and especially at the persistence of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, in endeavor-
ing.to coerce the Senate into this flagitious vio-
lation of its faith and of the faith of the Gov-
ernment. Why, sir, if a private individual was
to make the same efforts to evade the payment
of his debts he would render himself infa-
mous ; he would bring down upon himself the
dishonor of his neighbors and of the commu-
nity in which he lived ; and he would no longer
receive credit or trust or respect in that com-
munity. Sir, the faith of the Government of
the nation ought to be held more saored if pos-
sible than that of an individual. The highest
obligation that I can conceive of is the obli-
gation of a Government to its loyal people. I
can conceive of no covenant, no obligation
that should be held more sacred than that of
a Government to its people.
Mr. President, it need not be said that the
consideration of this law and of this promise
