250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
about six months, John has come back and-is
now on my premises. I told him, -" Whenever
.-yon are not able to support yourself come back
and you shall have a home and plenty as long
as I can give it to you."
But, sir, Iowned another very valuable young
slave. A brother-in-law of mine and myself
established a cotton farm; but I got tired of
the business and sold out to him. This boy
came back to my premises some time last sum-
mer. He was a very valuable boy, then in fine
health, honest, industrious, and truthful. I was
supporting him and giving him $150 a year;
but in December last he was attacked with
inflammatory rheumatism, and has not been
able to do a hand's turn since, and I have been
supporting him all the time since, and may
have to do so. If he should continue in that
helpless condition I will do so. John and I are
weaded together as long as we both live ; there
is no doubt about that; and so is this boy, too,
as long as he-is unable to -support himself. No
human being that ever was a member of my
family shall want while I have the means of
supplying his wants.
Mr. President, I have given this narrative
just for this simple purpose: it is something
like an exhibit of slavery generally as it existed
in the State of Kentucky, and of the present
•negro population of that State in their rela-
tionship and their dependence upon their for-
mer owners generally. It seems to me that if
there are entanglements, the relations, the ties,
the obligations that subsist between the late
owners and their property, when the nation, in
its legislation, by its solemn laws, has pledged
itself that where the young and the best slaves
were taken into the Army their owners should
be compensated to a certain extent, and after-
ward the wives and children of those who did
go into the Army were liberated—under such
circumstances if Congress, even by improvi-
dent legislation, promised and pledged itself
to pay §100 bounty in case of draft and $300
bounty in case of voluntary enlistment, the
good faith, the humanity, and the self-respect
of Congress, of the Senate at least, and every
member of it, ought to induce them to let the
matter rest.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I never hear the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky address the
Senate that I do not listen with the most pro-
found attention. When questions of constitu-
tional law are to be discussed in this body, and
I wish to be enlightened upon those questions,
I turn involuntarily to the able Senator from
Kentucky. I have received many lessons from
him. There may be other members of this
body to whom, on those questions that arise
in courts of justice, and the practical questions
that arise in discussions of such matters, I
listen with as much respect as I do to the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky; but, sir, hav-
ing sat in this body for eight years, there is no
man for whose opinions and whose judgment
I have such a profound respect as I have for
the opinions of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky when he rises to discuss a question
of constitutional law or those great principles
that underlie our Government.
I have listened to him to-day, sir. I have
heard him tell some of his own experience in
reference to slavery. I have heard from him
nothing that has not been my own. I, too, am
a sufferer pecuniarily from the legislation of
Congress on this subject. But, sir, when that
legislation was instituted I protested against it
as a usurpation of power. I said the Congress
of the United States had no right to take my
private property and appropriate it for their
uses without giving me just compensation. My
voice in that debate was inefficient, unheard.
Congress did it. To-day I am called upon to
vote on the question whether the Treasury of
the United States shall supply my losses or
whether I shall bear them as an individual. I
rise in my place here to say I will bear them
as an individual; I will never vote a dollar of
the public Treasury to pay me for an individ-
ual loss.
I know, sir, the argument that may be pro-
duced : "You had no right to do it, and there-
fore you are bound to pay for it;" but in the in-
ception of your legislation I protested against it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator one question. Do you believe that negroes
were property?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there not a plain constitu-
tional provision that requires the Government
to make just compensation for private property
taken for public use ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is.
Mr. DAVIS. Were not the negroes that
enlisted into the Army taken for public use?
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir. There is the
?oint upon which the honorable Senator and
differ. I will vote no dollar to pay out of
the public Treasury to anybody, whether he is
a Senator or a member of Congress or anybody
else, for doing an act that I think was wrong-
ful and disgraceful, if the Senator will pardon
the word, a wrong done to me personally.
When my negroes were taken, what few I had,
it was not put upon the ground that they were
taken as private property for public uses. It
was done from political considerations that I
thought were insufficient. I did not believe
the doctrine then. I said they were not justi-
fied in taking my negroes, what few I had, and
I had but very few. They did not put it upon
the ground that they took them as private
property for public uses; but they went on the
grand humanitarian ground. They were going
to elevate a degraded race and make the negro
equal to the white man. I then uttered my
feeble voice -against it as an outrage upon my
constitutional rights. Having taken that po-
sition, I shall never vote one single dollar to
reimburse myself or anybody else situated as
I am.
Mr. President, history will open up before
the gaze of the American people a bright rec-
ord. They will look upon it and they will see
it. It is beginning to be opened now. When
a proposition is made in the American Sen-
ate to pay southern slaveholders the value of
slaves, which I then protested were wrongfully
taken from them, we must examine the con-
sistency of our record. This bill, if it is passed,
to pay southern slaveholders, will benefit me
some little; but thank God I can afford to
dispense with yoilr munificence, and if it is
passed I certainly shall never take a dollar of
it. But, sir, let me tell you, while that was
my feeble utterance then, what is my utterance
now. I hope there is no slaveholder in the
United States who would accept the bounty
extended by this bill. Let it go. It has passed.
It is in the past. We can look upon it as one
of those incidents of life which may happen at
great revolutionary moments; but the sober
second thought of the people perhaps will re-
consider the judgment. I appeal to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, and I appeal to every man
situated as he is 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Sena-
tor give way for a motion to proceed to the
consideration of executive business?
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 shall be through in
a moment. I hope'tbat now that the clangor
of arms is hushed, that in the whole length
and breadth of this land there will not be one
slaveholder who will come to your Treasury
asking for relief. Let no such demand be
made. I hope that no voice will come up from
the men who were born in the midst of that
institution, and I from my earliest recollec-
tions was surrounded with negro quarters, ask-
ing for compensation. You say you have re-
stored the Union ; so be it. Then we can all
unite and thank God in one common voice;
but we do not come knocking at your Treasury
for a dollar. So far as I, as one individual,
am concerned, whatever may be the fate of
the proposition, no dollar from your Treasury
shall be put into my pocket. I hope our
southern friends will allow this bill to pass
without making any demand. Let us show,
as southern men, who have been injured by
your legislation, that we will not ask it from
you. In the future, sir, all we ask of you is,
do justice, love mercy, and walk humbly before
your God.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of .executive
business
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have a
vote. I think we can take a vote without any
further discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Jersey withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. CATTELL. Yes, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the resolution read at length.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It reads "thatall fur-
ther proceedings be, and the same is hereby,
suspended." it should be "are suspended."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a House resolu-
tion. It reads "be, and the same is hereby,
suspended."
Mr. FESSENDEN. "All further proceed-
ings is."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the grammar
is not very accurate. It was an error prob-
ably in the enrolling.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not rise to debate
the resolution. I wish merely to say that in
my opinion it violates the plighted faith of the
nation, and I am so strongly impressed with
that conviction that I ask that the vote be
taken by yeas and nays on the passage of the
resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
passage of the resolution the Senator from
Maryland asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll,
and concluded the call.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that I un-
derstand this resolution thoroughly. I under-
stand that it merely suspends the action of
commissioners who are at work that is not
neccssary, a law'liaving gone into effect cut-
ting off these claims. Therefore, if I under-
stand aright, I shall vote "-yea."
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate will allow me
to make one word of explanation, I should
like to vote on this resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be done unless by unanimous consent. "Yea"
or " nay" is the word.
Mr. CONNESS, (to_Mr. Wilson.) You
can malce your explanation on some other bill.
Mr. WILSON. Then I cannot vote on the
resolution.
The result was announced—yeas 32, nays 7 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Fowicr, Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Mor- ,
scan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,Wade,
Williams, and Yates—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, John-
son, Patterson of Tennessee, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—7.
ABSENT — Messrs. Dixon, Kerry, l?essendon, Fre-
linghuysen. Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howard,
Morrill of Maine,Norton, Kiddle, Sprague, Stewart,
and Wilson—If.
So the joint resolution was passed.
port of delivery at chester.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 96) to establish a port of delivery at
Chester, Pennsylvania ; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senate will
give me a minute or two to pass this bill. It
is a mere matter of form relating entirely to
my own State and extending the boundaries
of the collection district of Philadelphia. The
