1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
severally possess the powers and perform the
duties lawfully possessed and performed by
similar officers in other districts of the United
States, and shall for the services they perform
receive the fees and compensation allowed by
the act entitled "An act to regulate the fees
and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and
attorneys of the circuit and district coiirts of
the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved February 26, 1853.
The sixth section provides that all cases of
appeal or writ of error heretofore prosecuted
and now pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States, upon any record from the su-
preme court of the Territory of Nebraska, may
be heard and determined by the Supreme Court
of the United States, and the mandate of exe-
cution or of further proceedings is to be_ di-
rected by the Supreme Court of the United
States to the circuit or district court of the
United States for the district of Nebraska, or
to the supreme court of the State o# Nebraska,
as the nature of said appeal or writ of error
may require ; and each of these courts is to be
the successor of the supreme court of Nebraska
Territory as to all such eases, with full power
to hear and determine the same, and to award
mesne or final process thereon. And from all
judgments and decrees of the supreme court
of the Territory of Nebraska, prior to its ad-
mission as a State, the parties to such judg-
ments and decrees are to have the same right
to prosecute appeals and writs of error to the
Federal courts as they had under the laws of
the United States prior to the admission of
said State of Nebraska into the Union.
The seventh section proposes to enact that
until a judge for said district shall be duly
appointed the district judge of the United
States for the district of Iowa shall act as the
district judge for Nebraska, and shall have
and exercise the same jurisdiction and powers
in the district created by this act as he has in
the district of Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
act for the admission of Nebraska into the
Union did not provide for United States cir-
cuit and district courts there; hence it is
necessary to pass this bill. I offer, not as
coming from the Committee on the Judiciary,
but on my own responsibility, the following
amendment:
Add the following as a new section :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the associate
justice of the Supreme Court assigned to the eighth
ciicuit shall receive, in addition to his salary, the
sum of §1,000 per annum, to defray his traveling
expenses, to be paid in the same manner as his sal-
ary is now paid.
Mr. BO UTWELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
  Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I think
it ought to be stated to the House, in reference
to the amendment just proposed by the gentle-
man from Iowa, that the majority of the com-
mittee thought it unwise as a precedent to
allow to a judge of the Supreme Court pay for
traveling expenses within his circuit. It is a
part of the duty of a judge to follow the cir-
cuit in the performance of the business with
which he is charged. To be sure,_ an allow-
ance of this kind has been made in one. in-
stance—in the case of the judge of the ninth
circuit. There was a stronger reason for the
allowance in that case than can be urged in
any other; but to allow this species of com-
pensation generally would, it seems to me,
result in evil.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
stated when I offered the amendment that it
did not come from the committee; that I
offered it simply on my own responsibility.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understood that; but
I wished to state the view of the committee on
this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I wish to state, in regard to this amendment,
that the eighth circuit is the most extensive ot
the nine now existing. . ,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
genrteman from Iowa whether the salary of this
judge was not raised by a bill which we passed
in the latter part of the last session?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It was not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the salary of the
judge?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Six thousand dollars
for the associate judge of the United States
allotted to the eighth circuit. There was no
change made in the compensation of the mem-
bers of the Supreme Court.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The salary of the judge
is now fixed by law at $G,000. I wish to in-
quire further if any such salary is paid to any
other judge except the judge of the circuit of
California ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The same amount
of salary is given to the judge of the ninth cir-
cuit ; that is, the California and Oregon circuit.
Mr. Speaker, I do not think, when the expenses
of the eighth circuit are compared with those
of the members allotted to any other circuit,
this proposition will be considered any more
than fair. It is a most extensive circuit in
point of territory; one which embraces as much
business if not more than any other, and re-
quires the judge to be absent from his home
nearly the whole year.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me to suggest that
the expenses which are allowed to the judge
of the ninth circuit are for the purpose of pay-
ing for travel from California to Washington,
and not on account of the extent of his dfbtrict.
The gentleman from Ioifa thinks it would be
right to give a judge of the circuit, as proposed
by this amendment, traveling expenses be-
cause of the extent of his circuit.. It seems to
me there is no analogy between the two eases,
no reason for the one growing out of the fact
of the other.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The analogy is
this : that the amount of travel done by the
judge of the eighth circuit is greater than that
performed by the judge of the ninth circuit,
and he is required to be absent from his home
a ranch greater part of the year than the judge
who is allotted to the ninth circuit.
Mr. SPALDING. 'Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to
say that this is a very inopportune moment to
attempt to increase the salaries of justices of
the Supreme Court. We are here now simply
awaiting to consummate an important measure,
and it is now proposed by this bill, or the
amendment to it, to raise the salary of one of
the justices who has been paid for some years
the same salary as all the other judges of the
Supreme Court, simply because he has an addi-
tion to his circuit.
Mr. WILSON, of Io'wa. That is not the
only reason.
Mr. SPALDING. It is proposed to give
him an increased salary of SI,000 because he
has this additional duty imposed upon him.
The argument is unsound.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is not the
argument I-make at all; it is not because we
are adding Nebraska to the circuit.
Mr. SPALDING. I want to say to the gen-
tleman and to the House that all the other
circuits are being enlarged from time to time,
and as some of the justices cease to breathe
and their numbers are reduced until they shall
reach seven, tlieir circuits must of course be
enlarged until seven shall do the duty which is
now done by nine. Now, when the Congress
shall meet again for regular business vie can,
if we deem it necessary, increase the salaries
of all the judges. But I do object at this clos-
ing hour of the session to raising the salary of
one single judge. I think it is bad legislation,
it is unprofitable legislation, it is dangerous
legislation. We arc always in more danger
during the last hours of the session than during
the preceding months, because business is
carried through without due attention, witli-
"out reflection, without being properly matured
in the hands of the committee. I hope the
gentleman will not take his own circuit and
enlarge the salary of his justice and leave the
other justices unprovided for.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will endeavor ito
give a reason for doing so.
Mr. SPALDING. I am not quite through
yet. I desire to say that in my circuit the
judge has to travel a great deal further than
formerly. The circuit has recently been en-
larged so as to embrace the States of Ohio,
Michigan, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee, and the justice has to perform duties
in all those States. Yet no one asks for an
increase of his salary. Now, if the judge of
the Iowa circuit is to have an increase of sal-
ary let us increase the salary of all the justices.
Mr\ WILSON, of Iowa. I should be en-
tirely willing to increase the salaries of all the
judges of the Supreme Court. I do not think
the salaries they now receive are adequate to
the labor exacted from them or the position
they occupy. Now, sir, I am not asking that
this compensation shall be given merely be-
cause Nebraska is added to the eighth judicial
circuit. But it is because, as I have already
stated, that circuit is one of the most extensi ve
of the circuits, and one that requires more of
the time of the judge than probably any other
circuit in the entire number. I will leave this
question for the House to determine. I think
it is nothing more than fair and just that the
judge should have the proposed increased
compensation. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to add to the bill the
following:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the asso-
ciate justice of the Supreme Court, assigned to the
eighth circuit, shall receive, in addition to his salary,
the sum of $1,000 per annum, to defray his traveling
expenses, to be paid in the same manner as his salary
is now paid.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time and
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
testimony affecting a senator.
Mr. HULBQRD. I am directed by a ma-
jority of the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures of this House to submit a report accom-
panied by a resolution, which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Public Expenditures, while en-
gaged in the investigation ordeiedby the House,havo
taken testimony which apparently inculpates one or
more members of the Senate, and in the opinion of
the committee it is proper to report the fact to the
House, that such action may be taken as comports
with the courtesy due from one House of Congress to
the other. The committee, therefore, recommend
the adoption of the following resolution: _
Resolved, That the House having been informed
by one of its committees that testimony has been
brought to the knowledge of said committee, which
testimony apparently inculpates one or more mem-
bers of the Senate, the Houso therefore direct that
all suoh testimony be transmitted to the Senate for
its information.
Mr. HULBURD. I desire now to call the
previous question upon this resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I would inquire of'the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sclbdrd] if
the adoption of this resolution would involve
any further continuance of the present session
of Congress?
Mr. HULBURD. I do not think it will.
Mr. TABER. Will my colleague yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. HULBURD. Certainly.
Mr. TABER. As one of the minority of
the Committee on Public Expenditures I de-
sire to say that T do not concur in the report
made by the majority of the committee. To
my mind the evidence that has been adduced
before the committe" is entirely insufficient to
