256
THE OOTOSISSIOWAL GLOBE.
March 21,
implore his gracious Majesty if he will be kind
enough to listen to the voice of his faithful
Commons. Let us maintain the high place
and dignity of a coordinate branch of the
Government; and if the 'House do find on
that question—and I express no opinion, be-
cause I have none—-they have enough to justify
them, I have confidence in the House that we
will speak the voice of the people in the only
•form known to the Constitution.
- Again, sir, I have another objection. If
the President ^irould consent to remove on our
request it jvould be the trial of a man behind
his back, when he has no opportunity to be
heard by himself or his counsel. I pray, how-
ever, in making this observation I shall not
be understood as throwing the slightest blame
or imputation on the committee. I speak of
the precedent. It would be a precedent that
a high officer might be removed without the
possibility of being heard himself or by his
counsel, which, I think, is contrary to the
genius of our institutions. They are for old-
fashioned Saxon fair play.
Mi-. BINGHAM. Let me inquire of the
gentleman, if I will not interrupt him, whether
the testimony upon which this resolution rests
has ever been published to the House?
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know that it has
been.
Mr. BROOMALL. It has all been published
as it was reported to the House.
Mr. BUTLER. But the point which I think
my friend appreciates is that w£ have not heard
the other side.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do appreciate it.
Mr. BUTLER. I have been brought up in
that school which demands audi alteram par-
tem. But without going into this latter con-
sideration I ground myself first upon the dig-
nity and rights of the House, the constitutional
mode in which it should speak, and claim that
we shall in no degree by the shadow of a shade
lay down our high prerogative,
1 beg pardon for having detained the House
on this question. Gentlemen who are experts
in parliamentary learning will argue the ques-
tion much better than I can.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield me three minutes.
Mr. HULBURD. I do so.
Mr. RANDALL. It is not my purpose in
any manner whatever to defend or palliate the
conduct of Mr. Smythe. With that I have
nothing to do. But as a member of this House
I have a sight to suggest that the House should
not be placed in a.wrong position upon this
subject or upon any other. We have nothing
whatever to do with the executive department
of the Government. If this House thinks Col-
lector Smythe has been guilty of malfeasance
it is within its province to impeach him as far
as is provided in the Constitution. But that
this House should travel out of the line of cus-
tom or the path of duty and express an opinion
upon the removal of an officer is a thing that,
in my judgment, is entirely wrong.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman allow
me a single word ? Suppose we should ask the
President of the United States to remove Mr.
Smythe and he should say he would not do it;
where would we be then ?
Mr. RANDALL. If the President would
say what I would say, he would tell you to mind
your own business. [Laughter.]
Now, while I think it due to myself to say
that this man Smythe should be got rid of
in a proper manner, if not for malfeasance, as
alleged by the committee, certainly for his
folly and total unfitness for the position to
which the President assigned him 
- The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the resolution goes over till to-
morrow.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 1 f>) fixing the rate of'duty
on, umbrellas and on wire_ spiral furniture
springs ; when the Speaker signed the same.
destitute in the south and southwest.
Mr. BINGHAM". I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for the purpose of resuming the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 10) for the relief of the destitute in the
southern and southwestern States ; and pend-
ing that motion I move that all general debate
upon the resolution be terminated in tvvo
minutes.
The question being taken on the latter mo-
tion, it was agreed to—ayes 52, noes 30.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I demand the yeas
£nd nays on the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole. There are a number of
bills on the Speaker's table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 56, not vot-
ing 36 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baulks, Barnes, Bingham, Blaine,
Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Churchill, Cor-
nell, Finney, Fox, fierz, Glossbrenner, Haight. Hayes,
Hill, Ilolman, Hooper, Asahel W.Hubbard,Hulbuvd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz,
Latiin, Lincoln, Mallory, Marshall, Marvni, Miller,
Morrell, Mornssey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noeil, Orth, Peters, File, Wants, Poland, Pruyn,
Randall, Jlo'jcrt.-on, Eobinson, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spaidmg. Stewart, Tatfe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twitchell, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Itobert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Ward, Ileury J). Washburn, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos 11. Ashley. Baldwin,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Biair, Butler, Cake,
Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
CoUurn, Cook, Covodc, Dodge, Driggs, Ecldey, Eg-
gleston, Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Fields, Gravely, Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard. Judd, Kitchen, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, Mereur, Moore, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill,
Paine, Pcrhara, Polsley, Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield,
Shanks, Shotlabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Upson, Oadwalader C. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, and Windom—56. *
NOT VO'l ! N(}— Mcs.^rs. Boutwell, Bromwell. Burr,
Cullom, Dawes, J)eni.son, Donnelly, Ela, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton,
Harding, Humphrey, Kolley, Kelsey, George V.
Lawrence. Lynch, McCulIough, Moorhead, Morgan,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, E,anm, Selye, Stone,
Tabor, Thomas, WilliamB. Washburn, John T. Wil-
son, and Stephen F. Wilson—36.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself- into
the Committee.of the Whole on the state of
the 1/nion, (Mr. blaine in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 10, for the relief of the destitute in
the southern and southwestern States.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bingham, to add to the proviso
offered by Mr. Banks the following:
And provided further. That no part of the money
herein appropriated shall be used lor the purpose
aforesaid until all unexpended appropiiations here-
tofore made by existing law for the purpose of the
Freedmen's Bureau, to supply food, shall have been
first applied to the purpose as herein specified, under
the direction of the Commissioner of said bureau.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
to withdraw his pending amendment, so that
I may otter an amendment to the body of the
bill.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my amendment
for the purpose stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now withdraw my
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and.move to strike
out all after the word "prescribed" in the
original resolution, as follows:
And that the sum of $1,000,000 be hereby appropri-
ated fromfunds iu the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appiopriated, the same -to bo ex-
pen-led underthedireetion of the Commissioner ofthe
said bureau for the purchase and issue of the said
supplies of food.
And insert in lieu thereof:
And to that end the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed, through the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau, to apply so much as he
may deem necessary for the purposes aforesaid of
the unexpended moneys heretofore appropriated
to supply freed men and refugees with provisions or
rations.
So that the resolution ^rill read as follows:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
empowered and instructed to issue supplies oi food
sufficient to prevent starvation and extreme want to
any and all classes of persons in those southern and
southwestern States where the failure of the crops
find other causes have occasioned wide-spread desti-
tution ; that the issues be made through the Freed-
men's Bureau under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of War shall prescribe. And to that .end the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and directed,
through the Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, to apply so much as he may deem necessary lor
the purposes aforesaid of the unexpended moneys
heretofore _ appropriated to supply freedmen and
refugees with provisions or rations.
I ask the attention of the committee to this
fact: by the original resolution an appropria-
tion of $1,000,000 has been directed, and this
amount does not make one dollar of additional
appropriation, but simply enables the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau to extend
this relief, according to the terms of the original
resolution, to such as are famishing for bread
in th0 southern and southwestern States out of
the existing appropriations, without regard to
classes.
I desire to correct what is manifestly a mis-
apprehension which many gentlemen, I have
no doubt, honestly entertain. I have learned
in such a way as to render itperfectly certain—
and a requirement of an official answer by this
House will confirm what I say—that the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, although
he considers the existing appropriation by law
sufficient for that purpose, is, nevertheless, so
limited and restrained by the exact terms of
the statute as that he cannot provide bread for
the famishing men, women, and children of
the South and Southwest.
message from the president.
The committee informally rose to receive
several messages in writing from the President
ofthe United States, communicated by Mr. W.
G. Moore.
relief os destitute in the south again.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point
of order. I think the rule recently adopted
requires these messages to be immediately
reported at the Clerk's desk.
The C.HAIRMAN. We are in committee
now and not in the Honse.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope, then, that
the committee will rise for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not do any
such thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
rule is imperative. If there is a veto, message
it is important that it should be presented.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is no veto message communicated.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
an inquiry of my colleague. I trust I shall be
able to v.ote for his proposition, but I wish to
understand whether this amendment will be-
come incorporated in the Freedmen's Bureau
law so as to permanently enlarge the power of
the officer at the head of that bureau as to the
distribution of the appropriation?
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand it becomes
incorporated this far: \hat it extends the priv-
ilege of the Freedmen's Bureau, subject to the
limitation that the powers of the bureau so ex-
tended to persons other than freedtnen shall
expire when the unexpended appropriation
shall have been exhausted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, in the first
place I would like to inquire to what time
debate is limited?
The CHAIRMAN. Five minutes for and
five minutes against each amendment. The
pending amendment is that which has been
offered and advocated by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] The Chair understands
the gentleman from Massachusetts to rise to
oppose the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I propose, Mr. Chairman,
to present a few suggestions for the purpose of
showing why the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio should not be adopted;
