1867.
and I think that, in view of the fact that the
gentleman has spoken three times'on this ques-
tion, I shall ask him to interpose his good
offices and his great influence with the House
to secure for me the privilege of speaking some-
what longer than five minutes. I will promise
not to consume very much time.
In the first place, let us see what the Freed-
men's Bureau has done. I speak from official
reports. During the year ending November 1,
186G, by order of the President of the United
States, two hundred and eighty-seven thousand
one hundred and twenty-two acres of land and
two thousand six hundred and five pieces of
town property, amounting altogether to more
than ten million dollars, were taken from the
freedmen, to whose benefit they had been ap-
propriated by act of Congress, and returned to
the white men of the South who had been en-
gaged in the rebellion. We are now asked to
aid still further the white men at the expense
of the freedmen.
What else has been done? During the fif-
teen months closing with August, 1868, as ap-
pears by the report of General Howard, four
million five- hundred and seven thousand nine
hundred and twenty-two rations were distrib-
uted to refugees in the South, in addition to
the rations furnished to 'freedmen. General
Howard further states:
"The number of rations issued to the colored peo-
ple has constantly decreased. They have foundlabor,
for which they have received support and in some
cases good wages. Although many complaints are
made of the amount of rations issued to the freed-
men, the fact of the constant decrease of their de-
mands is very creditable. The issue to whites in-
creased until June 30, 1866, when the issues to freed-
men and refugees were about equal throughout the
South."
Again, sir, at the request of the Governor
of Alabama, rations to the amount of $40,000
per month for the period of three months were
issued in the State of Alabama, principally for
the relief of the white people. Yet, notwith-
standing all this expenditure, we are asked to
encroach still further upon the provision made
for the freedmen, for the sake of aiding whom?
Not merely the women and the children, not
merely the Sick and the disabled, but the able-
bodied rebel, who, lounging at the corner gro-
cery, refuses to work, while the "mudsills"
of the North are obliged to work in order that
they may pay taxes for the support of the Gov-
ernment. Shall the "mudsills" of the North
be taxed to support in lazy, whisky-drinking
idleness the self-styled "aristocracy" of the
South?
And we are told that, after we have for such
a purpose as this diverted a million or two
millions of the money appropriated for the ben-
efit of the freedmen we are to bring in a defi-
ciency bill to supply the amount thus with-
drawn from the legitimate purposes of the
Freedmen's Bureau. For my part I am op-
posed to such legislation, and I desire to enter
my protest against it in every form, even though
the legislative experience—I was about to say
" chicanery''—of my friend from Ohio restricts
me to five minutes in which to enter my pro-
test against what ho has advocated in his speech
of an hour.
It is said, sir, that the people of the South
are starving, and I accept that statement as
fact. My friend from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] told us that this was the work of the
Lord, quoting the passage, "Vengeance is
mine: 1 will repay, saith the Lord." Be it so.
It would seem as if an avenging Providence
had sent this starvation especially upon those
parts of the country where the Union prisoners
were starved : in the vicinity of Richmond and
Salisbury and Andersonville and Millen and
other places in the South where our soldiers
underwent so much suffering. The men and
women who stood by and viewed without com-
passion the miseries endured by our noble sol-
diers will, if they experience a little starvation
themselves, be able to realize what was suffered
in southern prisons by those who fought our
battles.
[Here the hammer fell.]
40th Cong. 1st Skss.—No. It,
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope we will have the ■
vote now.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, from the commencement of
this discussion my mind has somewhat wa-
vered in regard to the correct determination
of this matter. It is in obedience to the in-
stincts implanted in our nature to be charitable,
benevolent, and kind, and in obedience to the
civilization of the ag« I was inclined to vote
for the resolution as it came from the Senate:
but when the gentlemen on the other side of
the House made their elaborate arguments in
support of the proposition, when the gentle-'
man in particular—I allude to the gentleman
from New York—said we might give this dona-
tion of $1,500,000 as a premium for our
persecution of the rebels, I was brought to a
stand. Sir, I can fully appreciate the argument
of my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
who sits before me, when he says his son was
reduced to the point of starvation in the rebel
prisons.
Mr. COVODE. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me, I will state that I sent quite a number
of boxes of provisions to the South during the
war when our men in their prisons were starv-
ing, which were forwarded under General
Butler from Fortress Monroe, under flag of
truce; hut, sir, not one of them ever reached
its destination. That is my donation.
Mr. SPALDING. I have but little time. I
wish to say I can appreciate the force of the
argument or appeal made to us when he in-
stances the condition of our starving brothers
and sons in rebel prisons.^ None of us can
contemplate those scenes without emotions of
horror. They were not only starved, but we
recollect the "deadline," to which they were
induced to crawl with the offer of food, and if
they passed the line they were shot dead for
thus transgressing the rules. We cannot hold
such scenes in too much horror.
I had two sons, my only two sons, dragged
to a rebel prison. They were not, to be sure,
reduced to the point of starvation, but they
were reduced to much suffering. Now, if
these two boys had been reduced,_ as the son
of my friend, to the point of starvation at Salis-
bury, if I saw the man who reduced them to
the starving point at my door-stone at the
point of starvation I could not resist the ap-
peal to my humanity to give a crustof bread
to save that dying rebel from starvation.
I object to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bptler,]
because it is not offered in good faith. We
are endeavoring to take care of the widows and
orphans of our soldierswho served in the war.
The gentleman does not say we are paying
$30,000,000 a year to the widows and orphans
of our soldiers. They are not reduced to star-
vation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr- SPALDING. One word more. The
question with me is one of fact. If these men
of the South, rebels though they be, murder-
ers of our sons and brothers though they may
be justly charged, if they are starving, or about
to starve, I say let the Freedmen's Bureau
feed them. I approve of the amendment of
my colleague, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. PILE. Is a substitute in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at
this time. .
Mr. WOODBRTDGIJ. Mr. Chairman, m
order to show the feeling of the soldiers of the
Army who suffered in the prisons of the South
in relation to giving food to the starving peo-
ple of the lately rebellious States, I propose to
read an extract from a letter of a Union sol-
dier living in my own district. He says:
" I recall the horrors of rebel prisons, where I spent
over fourteen months. At one time in Charleston jail
five of us were in one small, condemned cell. Three
wero sick with fever. We had no medical attend-
ance We had for food seven hard biseuita each
Week and one pound of rusty bacon. With all tbia
experience o£ what it is to be hungry, X think l
ought to be capable of judging rightly ift regard-to
that charity which is due to others; and though I
hate the rebels bitterly, and remember how they
starved us in their dungeons, yet I say, now that
they, are in want and are starving, let us feed thein.
It will be but a fitting exemplification of that' char-
ity which suffereth long and is kind, which vaunteth
not itself, is not puffed up.'
"To refuse to extend aid to starving women and
children because their fathers and brothers and hus-
bands and sons were guilty of starving our soldiers
is a part of that same spirit which, actuated th6m in
their treatment of our prisoners.
by months of starvation in rebel prisons imake an
appeal in favor of feeding these Rebels, not with a
false sympathy for their present position, but because
I believe in feeding the hungry and clothing the
naked', however great may be their crimes."
This is' an answer to the statement made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
Union soldiers of the Army are not in favor of
this resolution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Who
wrote the letters Mr. Greeley indorses?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. This is a letter in a
paper edited by the gentleman's particular
friend, a member of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. I do not hesitate to say that the letter
expresses the opinion of our soldiers who have
suffered starvation in the prisons of the South.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I presume
some in this House have suffered as prisoners,
but I do not consider that as an argument
bearing on this question.
But I will call the gentleman's attention to
another thing. It is not important t<p this
House whether the soldiers are for this' joint
resolution or against it. The important thing,
sir, is to know whether it is right and meets
with the approval of gentlemen's consciences.
If, however, the gentleman will look at the res-
olutions passed by the association of soldiers
in the District of Columbia, in New York, and
in the West he will find they are almost unani-
mous against the passage of this joint resolu-
tion. In a meeting called by the soldiers,
known in the District of Columbia as Post
No. 1, they passed the resolutions which were
published in the Chronicle.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I recollect very well
the resolution referred to by the gentleman
from Illinois. It purports to emanate from
"The Grand Army of the Republic,"' and
thanking General LogaX and General Butler
for their manly opposition to this joint resolu-
tion. It seems to me to be like an unappre-
ciative audience at the play, applauding the
player in his weakest part. I hope there is
enough of humanity in Congress to pass the
resolution. I do not know what this " Grand
Army of the Republic" may be, but in my
judgment a portion of their last resolution,
both in its letter and its spirit, seems to be
wanting in those elements of nobleness and
charity which distinguish the brave man from
the coward. '
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman, I under-
stand, withdraws his amendment, and I re-
new it.
Mr. Chairman, while I am not willing to vote
additional money for this purpose, yet I am
willing to devote the money aheady appropri-
ated to the Freedmen's Bureau to one of the
identical objects for which that bureau was
established, as understood by the Commissioner
himself. I believe it is well known that in the
exercise of his duties he did not inquire when
he saw cases of extreme suffering whether the
sufferers were residents or refugees, or even
whether they had been rebels or not, before
giving them the necessary relief. _ _ I believe it
is known that such was the condition of things
up to May last, when the President of the
"United States made his first attack upon the
Freedmen's Bureau. I know that in May and
June last there were distributed in the district
embracing Kentucky and Tennessee seven
thousand one hundred rations to negroes and
seventy-four thousand three hundred rations
to white men; and I know from General Fisk,
the upright and benevolent officer who had
