200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
those officers of the United States who -were,
engaged in enforcing the draft. But it, was
easily stopped in this way: by ascertaining;
from the county records the assessable property
in the vicinity of the property thus.destroyed,
having an appraisement made of the property
burned, and then distributing the assessment
for five miles around, so as to make these
people pay for the property to which the torch
had been thus applied. After that was done
twice no more, property was burned.
Now, if we make these richer rebels pay for
the support of their destitute laboring popu-
lation there, will not be much more wailing
coming up from the South, nor much more,
occasion for the gentleman from Vermont to
make one of these poetic speeches in which,
as is the case with other poetry, he seems to
draw upon his imagination for facts as well as
figures.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mt. Chairman,
I have occupied no part of the time of the com-
mittee, and I would not do so now but that I
am unwilling to go upon the record by voting
for or against any of the propositions before us
without a few words in explanation of my posi-
tion. To understand the questions we are
called upon to decide a brief examination of
existing laws is necessary. By_ the original
Freedmen's Bureau law it is provided:
"Sec. 2. That the Secretary of War may direct such
issues of provisions, clothing, and fuel as he may
deem needful for the immediate and temporary shel-
ter and supply of destitute and suffering refugees and
freedmen and their wives and children, under such
rules and regulations as he may direct."—Freedmen s
Bureau Act of March, 3, 1805; 13 United States Statutcs-
at-Large, 508.
The act of July 16,186G, to continue in force
the Freedmen's Bureau law provides :
" Sec 5. That the second section of the act to which
this is an amendment shall be deemed to authorize
the Secretary of War to issue such medical stores or
other supplies and transportation, and afford such
medical or other aid as may be needful for the pur-
poses named in said section : Provided, Thatnopor-
eon shall bo deemed 'destitute,' 'suftering,' or 'de-
pendent upon the Government for support' within
the meaning of this act, who is able to find, employ-
ment, and could by proper industry or exertion avoid
sueh destitution, suffering, or dependence."—14 Uni-
ted titates &tatutc$-at-Large, 173.
It will be seen that these acts extend relief
to two classes of eases. " The destitute and suf-
fering refugees and their wives and children,"
constitute the first of these classes. This desig-
nation embraces that portion of the white
people of the South who, " through good and.
through evil report," during all the dreary years
of the rebellion still clung to the flag of the
Union, and for their loyalty were driven from
their homes, in numberless cases despoiled of
their property, and thus were left in a destitute
and suffering condition. The next class of
people relieved by these laws is designated as
the •' destitute aud suffering freedmen and their
wives and children."
I scarcely need remark that the freedmen
were always loyal, so much so that the rebel
congress and the rebel leaders never dared
to attempt to arm them in aid of rebellion.
These two clases of people thus protected from
the horrors aud torture of starvation, consti-
tute in all probability full three foui'tlis^of all
the destitute and suffering in the rebel States.
The appropriations made by Congress for
the charitable and humane purposes I have
named, were, in the appropriation act of July
13, 18G6 :
For clothing for distribution 
For commissaiy stoics   
3?or medical department  oUU.OOU
Total $4,778,250
The other appropriations in this act are for
salaries, stationery, printing, transportation,
schools, &e. (11 United States Statutes-at-
Large, 02.)
The '! deficiency appropriation act'' of March
2, 1887, appropriates $1,500,000 for the same
purposes.
Of these appropriations there remain now
unexpended, and subject to the control of that
patriot and Christian statesman. Major Gen-
eral O. O. Howard, Commissioner' of the
Freedmen's B.ureau, applicable to the relief
of destitute refugees ana freedmen, $2,100,000.
General Howard, in his letter of March 8,
1807, to the President of the Senate, referring
to the amount thus appropriated and subject
to his order, says:
"The present appropriation is ample, provided
the issues [of rations] be confined to the classes
named in the Freedmen's Bureau act."
General Howard farther says :
" From official sources, and confirmed by gentlemen
from different sections of the South, my estimate is
32,662 whites and 24,238 colored people, making in
all 56,900, who will need food.from some source before
the next crop can relieve them. The number of ra-
tions for all per month, 1,707,000. For five months,
the probable time required, 8,535,000 rations, at
twenty-live eentspcr ration, the estimated cost, will
be $2,133,750. Of this sum an appropriation has al-
ready been made for the five months to the amount
of $625,000, leaving an additional sum required of
$1,508,750. This sum I deem sufficient to meet the
cxtremo want occasioned by failure of the crop_ and
other causes referred to intheresolutionofinquiry."
Prom these facts it is manifest that provis-
ion has been made for full three fourths of
all the destitution and suffering in the rebel
States by appropriations directly from the
national Treasury. The remaining one fourth
is confined almost exclusively, though not en-
tirely, to the rebels or those who sympathized
with the rebellion.
And now, Mr. Chairman, the question
arises as to what should be done for these?
The Senate passed and sent to us Senate
joint resolution No. 1G, for the relief of the
destitute in the southern and southwestern
States.
The -resolution proposed to empower and
direcfthe Secretary of War to issue supplies
of food sufficient to prevent starvation and ex-
treme want among all classes of the people in
those southern and southwestern States where
a failure of the crops and other causes have
occasioned wide-spread destitution; the issues
to be made through the Freedmen's Bureau,
under such regulations as the Secretary of War
might prescribe. One million dollars is appro-
priated for the purpose, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
There are now before us, in lieu of and by
way of amendment to this, two other proposi-
tions. The one offered by my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] proposes simply to direct the offi-
cers of the EVeedmen's Bureau to expend the
$2,100,000 appropriated for the refugees and
freedmen for the benefit of all people of all
classes, loyal and disloyal, in the rebel States
who may be in a destitute condition, thus
diverting in part this money from the purpose
for which it was appropriated, and taking it
in part from the suffering classes for whom it
was designed. The other proposition is that
offered by my colleague, [Mi'. Schenck,] which
authorizes the several district commanders
appointed under the act of March 2, 1867, "to
provide for a more efficient government for the
rebel States."
To assess and collect by military authority, ratably
upon all persons within their districts respectively,
owning more than one hundred and sixty acres of
land, or who shall have an income of more than $600
a year, such sum or sums as such commander may
deem necessary to relieve and provido for the desti-
tution and pauperism of tho people in his district,
not within the provisions of the act concerning
abandoned lands, refugees, and freedmen.
And the substitute of my colleague [Mr.
Schenck] further provides—■
That to meet tho pressing exigencies of the wants
of people of his district, the commander of each
of said districts may require for, and receive from
the Commissary General of Subsistence, such rations
of food, from time to time, as ho may deem sufficient
to'meet such exigencies and afford proper relief, to
bo distributed by him in tho manner aforesaid, and
said commander shall out of the sums so assessed
and collected, as soon as may be, reimburse and pay
the subsistence department for all tho rations as re-
quired by him at tho prime cost thereof, with a rea-
sonable amount for transportation of the same.
From these different propositions it will be
seen that they both contemplate a provision to
relieve the destitution of all the people of the
rebel States, disloyal as well as Igyal. The
question of difference, therefore, is not whether
the provision should be made and the relief
furnished, but the real question of difference is,
whether the whole expense should be charged
upon the national Treasury, or whether a small
portion of it should be collected from the great
rebels whose crimes of treason created the
necessity for it.
The Breedmen's Bureau law provides for
three fourths of all the destitution and suffer-
ing in the rebel States; and now to justify us
in charging the national Treasury with the ex-
pense of the residue is to assume that the
rebel States will add to the crime of treason
and rebellion the cruelty and meanness of a
refusal to supply the wants of their own rebel
poor. Sir, I will not attribute to them this
cruelty and meanness, but if they deserve this
great reproach it is high time we should com-
pel them to save from starvation and want the
small portion of their people not already pro-
vided for through the Freedmen's Bureau.
For one, sir, I will vote foi; the substitute
offered by my colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] but
I will not vote for that of my other colleague,
[Mr. Bingham.] I will not vote for it for sev-
eral reasons.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee rise. There are several bills on
the Speaker's table that ought to be acted
upon.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, I move to
strike out the first word of the amendment of
my colleague, so that I may have an opportu-
nity to complete what I had to say.
I now proceed to state as well as I can in
the brief space of time allotted to me some of
the reasons why I will not vote for the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Bingham.]
And first, it will leave the provision already
made for refugees and freedmen utterly inade-
quate. It will rob.the loyal to supply the dis-
loyal.
General Howard in the letter I have already
referred to says:
"The present appropriation [the unexpended
$2,100,000] is ample, provided the issues be confined
to the classes named in the Freedmen's Bureau act,
[refugees and freedmen,] but the additional sum
named [of 81,508,750] will be required should tho issue
be extended as contemplated," [to all tho destitute.]
But, sir, I cannot be deceived as to the
latent effect, if not the purpose of this scheme.
Once inaugurated it will call for more and
more appropriations, and they will be made,
and thus the Government will assume the
stupendous work of providing for all the rebel
poor, and the loyal North, the maimed and
wounded soldiers of the Union Army who
survived the cruelties of the rebellion, will be
taxed to pay the expenses.
But I object to this scheme, secondly, be-
cause no officer, citizen, legislative or muni-
cipal body of the South has asked of Congress
an^uch relief.
I object to this scheme, thirdly, because if
appropriations be necessary they should be
made by the provisional legislatures in the rebel
States, for these can act more efficiently and
economically than Congress.
•I object fourthly, that it is unjust to tax the
people of the loyal States for the support of
the- rebel poor, while the rebel States are
abundantly able to make ample provision for
them.
And finally, it is tho duty of Congress to
avoid unnecessary appropriations and to in-
augurate the practice of rigid economy, so as
to save tho people from oppressive taxation.
I will not enlarge upon these objections at
any great length. The bare statement of them,
it seems to me, ought to be sufficient.
I do not urge any constitutional objection
to these measures. My colleague [Mr. Van
Trump] has made an argument on that, subject
which has great weight so far as the power of
Congress is concerned in the appropriation of
money for charitable purposes in States with
lawfully organized State governments, a,nd
where war in fact and in law has ceased.
And this scheme does extend to the State of
Tennessee, where peace exists and where a
