fn
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
eases, then, is that the Senator dispenses with'
the examination by a commission in the first
place, and there has not even befen an exami-
nation by the Committee on Military .Affairs
any further than: has been stated. There is the
distinction between the eases. I am not saying
that this allowance may not be proper, but I do
not want those cases used' as an argument,
because Congress was very particular about
them to have them examined m that way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With, the leave of the
Senate, I should like now, in furtherance of
what ray friend from Maine has said, to call
the attention of the- Senate to the provisions
made by the law providing for West Virginia,
which is a sample. I happen to have it in my
hand. The first section provides that—
"The President shall appolntthree commissioners,
whose duty it shall be to ascertain the amount of
moneys expended by the State of West Virginia in
enrolling, supplying, equipping, subsisting, trans-
porting, and paying such State forces as have been
called into service in such State since the 20thday of
June, 1861, to act in concert with the United States
forces in suppression of rebellion against the United
States."
Then the second section provides :
"'That the commissioners so appointed shall pro-
ceed at once to examine all the expenditures made
by said,States for the purpose herein named, allow-
ing for disbursements made and amounts assumed
by the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting,
transporting, supplying, and paying such troops as
were called into service by the Governor, at the re-
quest of the United States department commander
commanding the distriot in which West Virginia
may at the time have been included, or by the ex-
press order, consent, or concurrence of such com-
mander, or which may have been employed in sup-
pressing rebellion in said State. And no allowance
shall be made for any troops which did not perform
actual military service in full concert and coopera-
tion with the authorities of the United States, and
subject to their orders."
It then proceeds to give further detail as to
how the commissioners shall proceed, and
requires them to allow no expenditures at
greater rate than the laws ot'the United States
or the Army regulations allowed in similar
cases. Then it provides that when they ascer-
tain these balances they shall send them to the
Treasury Department, and the proper account-
ing officers shall again go over the subject and
report to the Secretary of the Treasury. If it
then appears that anything is due within the
scope of these limitations it is to be paid.
Now, I submit to my friend from Indiana—
and I do not wish him to feel that what I say
is in any spirit of hostility to that claim, but
only in a spirit of having a fair inquiry and a
distinct limitation, so that wo shall all under-
stand it—I submit to him that there is a decided
and a manifest contrast between this law, which
we only passed on the 21st of last June, and
the resolution now upon the table.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that upon the
reading of that law and my resolution there is
no safeguard for the Government of the United
States furnished by the law that is not equally
furnished by my resolution. The discretion is
placed in the War Department expressly to
determine as to the necessity and propriety of
incurring these expenses, the propriety of their
being paid by the Government of the United
States; and these claims, by the general law
governing the Treasury Department, must be
examined by the accounting officers without a
special provision on that subject. No matter
how much they may have been examined by the
War Department, no matter though they may
have been passed by a special commission, the
general law still requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to have them examined and audited
before they are paid. That applies to all cases
without a special enactment.
Mr. FESSENDBN. The Senator is mis-
taken about that. There is a general law
applicable to all cases where there is no par-
ticular law; but this would take these claims
out of that general law. As he has drafted
the resolution they would not go through that
ordeal.
Mr. MORTON. That is not my experience.
Accounts that have passed the War Depart-
ment, under the general law passed in 1861,
have still undergone special revision in the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in force unless
another la-w is passed afterward taking a par-'
ticular case out of the purview of the general
law.
Mr. MORTON. I think unless some act
was passed exempting these claims from such
revision by the Treasury Department, they
would still have to, be revised by the Treasury
Department, and have to pass through the or-
dinary machinery of that Department.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
from Indiana whether there is not a very de-
cided difference between his resolution, which
declares that the State shall be paid for her mi-
litia used in guarding against raids and insiic-
rection, and that clause of the law as to West Vir-
ginia which provides that none of her troops
shall be paid unless they were acting under
the express orders of the United States depart-
ment commanders, and were therefore in sub-
stance and effect United States troops, operat-
ing for the benefit of the United States, and
under the control of United States officers. Is
there not a very wide distinction between those
two classes of cases, saying nothing about the
methods of accountability?
Mr. MORTON. The militia of the State of
Indiana when called out were as much engaged
in the service of the United States in repelling
rebel raids as though they had been mustered
into the service of the United States, and were
as much entitled to be paid, and the State is
as much entitled to be reimbursed for the ex-
penses incurred. There can certainly be no dis-
tinction raised on that point that contains any
substance. The question is submitted to the
War Department whether these expenses were
properly incurred as a part of the suppression
of the rebellion and protecting against the
consequences of it. If further security can be
provided th,an the resolution contains, it has
not yet been pointed out.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to offer
any opposition to the Senator's bill, but in the
present shape of the measure I cannot give it
my support. It ought certainly to be better
guarded than it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have prepared sev-
eral amendments to it, to which the Senator
from Indiana has agreed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to go back to
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think so, too ; but I
say I have drawn several amendments which I
believe the Senator from Indiana has agreed to.
Mr.' HENDERSON. My impression is that
any amendment that does not require those ex-
penses to be confined, as the Senator from Ver-
mont very properly says, to an expenditure for
militia that actcd under the command or under
the authority of the United States officer, and
also any provision that will prevent the report
that may be made of expenses from going
before the accounting officers of the Treasury,
ought not to be adopted. For some years I
made an effort to get passed a bill allowing a
similar claim to Missouri. In 1864 I prepared
the measure from which the Senator from
Vermont has read, and which was afterward
adopted by the Senators from West Virginia in
the passage of a measure for their State. When
the proposition was presented before the Senate
and discussed here, it was thought proper to
guard the bill by the provision which now ap-
pears in the respective laws, requiring that the
report of the commission that was originally
required should be subjected to an inspection
by the accounting officers, not of the War De-
partment, but of the Treasury. In the case of
Missouri three commissioners were appointed
to examine the claims, and they examined
them with reference to the laws of the United
States. No claim could be paid to the militia
that had been contracted at a greater rate than
that allowed by the laws of the United States
to the volunteers in service under the Federal
laws. The Senator from Indiana will see that
he provides in the measure now pending—■
ThattheexpensesineurredbytheState of Indiana
for quartermaster and commissary stores, and trans-
portation furnished by the State to the Indiana
militia during the'ltfto rebellion While engaged in re-
pelling rebel raids, guarding agaimst raids and insur-
rections, or while in any way engaged in the military
service of the United States during said rebellion,
shall be'duly and properly examined by the proper
departments or bureaus, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, who shall cause to be paid and re-
imbursed'to said State all such expenses as shall be
found to have been necessarily and properly incurred,
and that an appropriation is hereby made for that
purpose out of any moneysin the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Now, sir, suppose that the State of Indiana
paid to her militia twice as much per month as
Federal volunteers received; are we to allow
and pay the amount actually expended by the
State of Indiana? Suppose that for transport-
ation a double amount was allowed; are we
to paj> that double amount? Suppose that
there was a system of extravagance in subsist-
ing the Indiana militia; are we bound to pay
it? Suppose that na law or rule was adopted
in supplying the subsistence department of the
militia; are we to allow it? There is cer-
tainly no limitation here. In the bills pro-
viding for the other States it will- be found that
no greater amount was to be allowed to the
militia in the way of payment, no greater
amount in the commissary department, no
greater amount in the quartermaster's depart-
ment, than was allowed in similar departments
in the Federal service. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Indiana thftt a provision of that sort
ought to be inserted in this bill. We ought
not to obligate ourselves beforehand to pay
all the expenses that may have beeu incurred,
no matter what or how they may have been
incurred. It is better to guard the proposition
in such a manner that exorbitant and un-
reasonable expenses shall not be allowed.
Again, sir, suppose that the State of Indiana
called out militia when it was not actually ne-
cessary, and when the department commander
in the Federal service in charge of that State
thought that it was unnecessary, or, indeed,
not only intimated, but declared that he did
not want their services, and suppose that they
acted independently of the Federal authori-
ties, are we under any obligation whatever to
pay the expenses thus incurred? I think not;
and hence it was that in the Missouri bill, which
was the first passed, it was provided that no
expenses should be paid except those that
arose in the payment of troops that were raised
by the Governor under the express or&ers of
the department commander, or used subject to
his orders and his control in repelling invasion.
I certainly would be unwilling to pay any ex-
penses that did not accrue under circumstances
of that sort. I am utterly unwilling to say that
the Federal Government for all time to come
shall be responsible for the payment of the de-
mands that may accrue under the orders of the
Governor or the Legislature of a State in sup-
pressing insurrection therein, unless it be done
with the concurrence at least of the officers of
the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator the propositions of amendment that I in-
tend to make to this resolution, and he will see
how far they will obviate his objections. I
propose to insert the words "and paid" after
the word "incurred,"'in the third line. The
resolution, aa I propose to amend it, will read :
That the expenses incurred and paid by the State
of Indiana for quartermaster and commissary stores,
and transportation furnished by the State to the
Indiana militia during the late rebellion while en-
gaged in ropellingand guarding against rebel raids—
I stop there, and then commence again at
the ninth line:
shall be duly and properly examined by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, and the amount
allowed for the same shall be paid out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Then 1 propose to add this proviso:
Provided, That all allowances un4erthis resolution
shall be subject to and made under such rules as now
determine the allowances for commissary and quar-
termaster stores and transportation furnished for
military service: And provided further. That no
allowance shall be made for such stores and trans-
portation unless the same were furnished for troops
recognized and paid by the United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly that amend-
ment will remove many objections to the reso-
