274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
the Senator who is asking an allowance of that
kind for his State has been here but a short
time. Sir, the right of the State of Indiana to
have this resolution passed does not depend
on the number of days I have been here or
the number of years the Senator fj-om Missouri
has been here, but depends upon the character
of the claims; and as'this Government has
recognized the rights of States in four eases to
be paid for claims of this character, I think
the argument falls to the ground.
So far as the limitations are concerned, the
amendment prepared and presented by the
Senator from Maine is equally guarded, is
equally stringent on behalf of the Govern-
ment, as the provisions of the act for the State
of Missouri. The difference is that the ex-
amination is to be made by the Departments
here under the direct supervision of the Gov-
ernment itself, having full power to reject all
claims for expenses that they deem to have
been unnecessary or improperly incurred, in-
stead of being intrusted t^ a roving commis-
sion off into Indiana, or anywhere else, for
the examination of claims. This Government
never does a more unsafe business than when
it puts its claims or the liquidation and assess-
ment of damages into the hands of these rov-
ing commissions. I think that this is a safer
measure for the Government than the one in
the case of Missouri.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot find it con-
sistent with my views of my duty here to vote
to allow the claims of the State of Indiana to
be settled and adjusted on any other rules and
principles, as regards their investigation and
scrutiny, than were applied, to similar claims
of my own State. A reference ot this subject
to the Secretary of War means nothing else
than a reference to his clerks; that these
claims are to go through the usual form of any
demand presented to the War Department.
The character of the service and all those mat-
ters connected with them are subjects that the
clerks there cannot properly take into consid-
eration. In the case of the claims of West
Virginia commissioners have been sitting now
for some time, who are subjecting them to the
most rigid scrutiny. Although the greatest
pains were taken by the State, even going so
far that our vouchers were made out on United
States blanks, were scrutinized by our adjutant
general and military officers, then subjected to
the examination of a committee of the Legis-
lature, who rejected, as I stated awhile ago,
some sixty thousand dollars of them simply
because they were not in proper form, although
the State paid them, we have submitted cheer-
fully to all these conditions, and our case is
now in process of adjustment. The amount
is but two or three hundred thousand dollars ;
but so far as it goes it is something to us.
Some years ago the claim of Missouri was
presented, and was discussed and examined
here in the Senate, and, as 1 understood the
principle upon which these claims should be
allowed, was fixed. I believe the Pennsyl-
vania bill had previously passed without the
same scrutiny or the same terms and condi-
tions. But finding these bills were coming in
from several States, the Senate investigated
thoroughly the subject, and adopted a form by
which the relief was to be granted to the State
of Missouri. Being aware of that, when our
claim came up for consideration, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs reported a bill based
upon that of Missouri. We were entirely will-
ing to agree to it, and accepted it cheerfully,
and it is now being acted upon. We have been
somewhat delayed, it is true, but we are perfect-
ly willing to lose whatever these commission-
ers shall not find just and right. But a small
portion of our demand is for commissary stores
and subsistence and transportation and things
of til*kind. Our mililia were out repeatedly
and under circumstances for which we make
no claim. We might have presented a much
larger bill. We might probably have fairly
asked for more compensation than we have.
But, sir, I will conclude as I began, by saying
that I cannot find it-consistent with my views
of m-y duty here to vote to pay Indiana under
circumstances which were not granted to my
State, and thus tacitly acknowledge that a
more rigid scrutiny and stronger vouchers and
things of that kind should be demanded from
the State of West Virginia than from the State
of Indiana.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON (when his name was called)
said: I intended to have said a word before
the yeas and nays were called. I rose merely
for the purpose of saying that according to my
knowledge of the practice of the Departments,
the reference of these claims to the Depart-
ment would be a much better security for the
Government than their reference to any board
of commissioners. I therefore vote " nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 26,
nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Conktinir, Corbett,Dixon,Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Ilarlan, Henderson, How-
ard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Ross, Iipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—^6.
NAYS — Messrs. Cole, Conness, Davis, Johnson,
Morton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sum-
ner. Thayer, and Wade—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cragin. Drake,
Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howe, Norton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Spragne, and Stewart—16.
So the motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs was agreed to.
niCLIW OP DESTITUTE IN TIIE SOUTH.
The Senate proceeded to consider the ameiid-
nienls of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 1G) for the relief
of the destitute in the southern and southwest-
ern States, which were in line five, after the
word '■ classes1' to insert " of destitute or help-
less persons;" and in lino ten to strike out all
after the word "prescribed" to the end of the
resolution, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following :
And to that end tho Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed, through the Commissioner
ot tho Freedmen's Bureau, to apply so much as he
may deem nccessary for the purposes aforesaid of
the unexpended moneys heretofore appropriated to
supply freedmen and refugees with provisions or ra-
tions : Provided, That the expenditure snail not
extend beyond the present appropriations already
made lor the Freedraen's Bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that the Senate
will concur in the amendments of the House.
The PRESlDENTj>ro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. MORTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CONNESS. It was an almost unani-
mous vote. I'do not see the necessity of call-
ing for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Con-
ness, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan. Henderson, Howard, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew-, Cole, Dixon,
Doolittle, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, and
Wade—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Davis, Fowler,
Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howe, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, and Sprague—15.
So the amendments were concurred in.
HEIRS OP JOHN E. EOULIGNY.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 8.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take that up.
It ought to be settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have occupied all
the morning hour with that, and I hope the
Senator will allow me to call up a little bill
that T introduced yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is very impor-
tant, and it ought to be passed at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has already occupied
the attention of the Senate for two or three
days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very important.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a private claftn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; it is to prevent a
great fraud. It proposes to suspend the oper-
ation of an act passed at the last session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope this joint resolu-
tion will be taken up.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Oregon now, as this resolution is up, if he will
let it lay aside for a short time to allow me to
take a vote on the bill to relieve the Chief
Justice from the appointment of these registers
in bankruptcy.
Mr. ^CONKLING. I hope not. I hope there
will be no extraordinary proceeding to get up
a bill which I do not think ought to be con-
sidered, and certainly ought not to pass. If a
single objection will prevent its being taken
up, I object to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it could pass without
discussion I would not object; but that will
evidently lead to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution which is before the Senate will be pro-
ceeded with if no motion to postpone is made.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 8) directing the Secretary
of the Interior to suspend the execution of a
law passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress for
the relief of the heirs of John E. Bouligny.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon this
resolution the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I stated, I think just be-
fore the resolution was postponed before the
morning hour expired, that this title had been
passed upon favorably by three committees of
Congress, never decided against by Congress;
but, on the contrary, the decision was in favor
of it by both branches of Congress at different
times, although they did not act conjunctively.
I stated also that the last committee who re-
ported oil the subject, of which the late mem-
ber from New York [Mr. Harris] was the
chairman, examined it very thoroughly. I
now understand that besides himself, who was
very competent to investigate a question of this
description, it was examined with as much
care as he would have examined a case before
him judicially by the late Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland,] and who concurred in
thinking that the title was a good one, and
who, I have no doubt, is still of that opinion ;
and I need not say to those to whom I am now
addressing myself that his opinion upon a
question of that description is entitled to every
possible weight.
Then the case stands thus: Congress has
heretofore, upon every occasion that they have
been called upon to examine the question
through their committees, decided in favor of
the claim. The registers and receivers who
were made judicial officers for the purpose,
under the act of 1836, decided in favor of the
claim. The judge of the district court in
Louisiana decided in favor of the claim. The
Supreme Court of the United States only, as I
think, avoided so deciding, the majority of them,
because the question was not before them, the
court below having no jurisdiction, as they
thought, of atitle which if it existed at all was
a legal title, and of course upon an appeal the
Supreme Court of the United States had no
jurisdiction.
Then a few days since, after a full examina-
tion, as they tell us, by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, composed in part of the two
gentlemen to whom I have adverted, members
of eminence in their profession before they
went upon the bench, who increased their emi
nence as jurists after they got upon the bench,
they decided in favorof the claim, and the Sen-
ate bya vote of 30 to 10 confirmed their report,
and passed the bill which we are now asked to
suspend. And when are we asked to suspend
it? A few days before it is known that Con-
gress will adjourn. And we are asked to sus-
pend it, so far as the House is concerned, be-
