1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
cause of facts stated in the preamble, which are
so wholly unfounded in point of fact, or which
are not made good by any evidence before the
senate of the United States, that they have by
a vote nearly unanimous stricken out the pre-
amble. Then we are asked to suspend this law
only because the House say that perhaps some
mistake was committed, discarding as we do
the grounds upon which they suppose a mis-
take was committed. We are to suspend it
until Congress shall order otherwise. That
puts it in the power of the House, no matter
what may be the opinion of the Senate in rela-
tion to the claim, to defeat the claim altogether.
If the resolution is to pass I propose to amend
it by striking out the words "until the further
order of Congress," and substituting for them
" until the end of the next session of Congress."
I shall offer that-amendment at the proper
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland moves to amend the reso-
lution in the fourth line by striking out the
words "further order" and inserting "close
of the next session so that it will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be directed to
suspend the execution of the act entitled "An act
for the relief of the heirs of John B. Bouligny'-' un-
til the close of the next session of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 do not offer it now. I
said I would otfer it at the proper time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have great confidence
in the opinion of the honorable Senator from
Maryland when he understands a case; but
manifestly, from what he has said this morn-
ing, he has not examined the facts connected
with this report, and of course his argument
is not entitled to as much weight as if would
otherwise be. Now, I invite the attention of
the Senator and of the Senate to what I am
about to say, and then I know the Senator will
admit that the bill that passed the last session
of Congress committed a gross injustice upon
the Government of the United States.
The Senator who made the report in favor
of the bill that passed at the last session re-
ferred to antecedent reports and decisions,
and seemed to rely upon those, without any
particular examination of the case; and the
honorable Senator haspursued the same course.
He says that the register and receiver at one
time decided in favor of this claim ? I say
they never made any such decision. I have
the decision of the register and receiver here.
They decided that the heirs of Dauterive were
entitled to a tract of land forty arpents front
on the Mississippi river and extending back
to the Atchafalaya river.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all they get.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; the bill that
passed at the last session allows these heirs a
tract of land four leagues in front up and down
the Mississippi river, and extending twelve
miles back, when the register and receiver
decided that they were only entitled to a tract
of land forty acres broad on the Mississippi
river, and extending back to the Atchafalaya
river. I have the decision here, I will read
it. Here is the decision, verbatim et literatim :
"The heirs of Bernard Dauterive claim the confir-
mation of their title to a tract of land in the parish
of Iberville, on the west bank of the Mississippi, hav-
ing forty-four arpents front, and running back to the
Atchafalaya, with the exception of so much thereof
as has been confirmed to other persons, or ha3 been
sold by the United States, for which they intend to
claim compensation from the United States.
"The part of this tract is designated on the re-
turned township plats of township No. 10, range thir-
teen E, as lots thirty-four to forty-seven inclusive;
but this part (front) is not claimed, but only what still
i emains unconfirmed or unsold behind the said front
tract, and between their side lines and the Atcha-
f'akira.
"The above-described tract —
I hope the honorable Senator will pay particu-
lar attention to this, as he depends upon this
decision—
" is a portion of the grant made in 1718 by the Western
Company to Paris Duvernay"—
They confirmed a portion of that grant, but
the bill that was passed at the last session gives
to these heirs the entire grant that was made
to Paris Duvernay—
"settled for himinl719by Dubuisson and sixty other
men, and sold in 1765 by ClaUdeTremanay de Chamfret,
the agentof the said raris Duvernay, to the said Ber-
nard Dauterive. The portion now claimed is so much
of the said original grant aswas confirmed to the said
Bernard Dauterive by the Spanish Governors0 'Reilly
and Unzaga, and this claim is made without preju-
dice to the rights of the claimants to other lands un-
der the said original grant by the Western Company.
We are, therefore, of opinion that this claim ought
to be confirmed.
The register and receiver confirmed to the
heirs of Dauterive the tract of land that was
granted by the Spanish Government to Dau-
terive, while the bill of last session gives to
these heirs the tract that was granted to Paris
Duvernay. This decision expressly says that
it confirms only a part of the Duvernay grant,
and that part is-a tract of forty-four arpents
up and down the Mississippi river, and ex-
tending back to the Atchafalaya river; so that
they confirmed a tract of land forty acres wide
instead oi' twelve miles wide, which makes a
considerable difference, in my judgment, in
the amount of land. The district court made
the same decision. The district court did not
confirm the claim of the Davernay grant, but
confirmed to these heirs tli > claim that was
allowed to them by the Spanish Governor,
Unzaga. They confirmed to these heirs a tract
of. land forty arpents wide on the Mississippi
river, and extending back to the Atchafalaya,
instead of a tract of land twelve miles wide on
the Mississippi river and extending back to
the Atchafalaya, as this bill of last session
allowed.
Now, sir, I will refer to the decision of the
court to show that I am not mistaken. The
court proceeded to recite the grant to Duver-
nay, and then said:
''And beingfurther satisfied that after the transfer
of the said Province of Louisiana by France to Spain,
under the treaty made between the two Governments
on tbe 3d of November, 1702, Don Luis Andry, sur-
veyor general of the said Province ot Louisiana, act-
ing under the authority ot Don Louis de Unzaga y
Amezaga, Governor of the said Province under the
Government of Spain, did, on the 12th day of March,
1772, make a survey of a portion of the said tract com-
prised in the aforesaid grant acquired by the said
Jean Antoine Bernard JDauterive from Duvernay,
having forty-four arpents front on the right bank of
the Mississippi river, with the side lines.opening and
extending to the Atchafalaya, as is represented and
described in the plat and process-verbal of said sur-
vey on file and marked *B. No. 21;' and that, on the
12th day of July, 1772, the said Unzaga, Governor of
said Province aforesaid, did approve the said survey
conformably to the plan and^rocess-verbal of survey
of the said Andry, surveyor as aforesaid, with the
depth to the Atchafalaya as shown by the letter of
the said Unzaga attached to the said survey and
marked 4B. No. 22;' and that the same was a recog-
nition and confirmation of the title of the said Jean
Antoine Bernard Dauterive, who was then a resident
of the said Province of Louisiana, to the Land repre-
sented and described in tbe said plat and process-
verbal of survey, with the depth between tho sido
lines to the Atchafalaya river, or a grant anew of tho
same by the said Governor, having full power and
authority to grant the same, and that a portion of
said tract fronting on the Mississippi river to the
depth of forty arpents from said river, and no more,
was disposed of to the Spanish Governmentorother-
wise by the heirs after the death of the said Dauterive.
"And being further satisfied that the petitioners
are the heirs and legal representatives of the said
Jean Antoine Bernard Dauterive," &c.
It then proceeds:
" The heirs and legal representatives of the said
Jean Antoine Bernard Dauterive are the true and
legal owners of, and have good title against the
United States, the defendants in and to the lands
claimed in their petition, granted as aforesaid to
Paris Duvernay, and afterward confirmed as afore-
said to the said Jean Antoine Bernard Dauterive by
the Spanish Government, having forty-four arpents
front on the Mississippi river, and extending m
depth to the Atchafalaya river."
That was the decree of the court, confirm-
ing to these heirs a tract of landhaving a front
of forty-four arpents on the Mississippi river
and extending back to the Atchafalaya. That
case was taken to the Supreme Court. Now
as to the decision of the register and receiver,
I will say that it was reversed by the Solicitor
of the Treasury, and his opinion is here. Ihe
claim, as allowed by the register and receiver,
was repudiated by the Solicitor of the Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. How; much land was
granted running along the river ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Forty-four arpents along
the river.
Mr. STEWART. And running back how
far?
Mr. WILLIAMS. To the Atchafalaya river.
Mr. STEWART. How much would that be?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It would be forty acres.
Mr. STEWART. But how far would it run
back from the river?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Forty acres front and
running back twelve miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. An arpent is not an acre.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is something like an
acre.
Mr. HENDERSON. Fifty-nine yards.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, sir, it appears that
all the decisions that have heretofore been
made on this subject in favor of these heirs
have only been to the extent or effect of allow-
ing to them a tract of land forty-four arpents
front on the Mississippi river, and extending
back twelve miles to the Atchafalaya rivei,
and those decisions have been reviewed and
disapproved. The decision of the register ami
receiver has been disapproved by the Solicitor
of the Treasury; and that made by the district
court, by the Supreme Court, notwithstanding"
it is true that the case was dismissed ill point
of fact in the Supreme Court, because the dis-
trict court had not jurisdiction.
It has been said that reports have been made
favorable to this claim by committees of the
House and by committees of the Senate. I
have the report here of Mr. Noell, to which
reference has been made, and 1 have the bill
that was reported by .Mr. Noell to the House ;
and I ask the attention of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland to that bill. It shows tnat
this claim, since Mr. Noell reported his bill,
has grown from a tract of land of a few thousand
acres up to one containing about hulf a million
acres. Here is tiie biil of Mr. Noell: %
" Mr. Noell, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, i cported tlu; iollowinf? bill:
"A bill tor tho relict' of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Jean A. 13. Dauterive.
^ "lie itenaeted by the Senate and Xlumeof ttepreKeivn-
tivcf) o/ the United Stale? of America in Coiif/rest "■■■'■' -
bled, That the claim of the heirs and legal repie^ : : -
atives of Joan Antoine Bernard Dauterive, Ltlonr
Louisiana, to a certain tract of land in said Suit* ,
having forty-four arpents Iront on tho Missis.'n),.!
river and extending in depth to the Atcuafahi' a
river, bounded above by a lino beginning on the
Mississippi river," ka.
That is the bill reported by Mr. Noell, ac-
companied by a report upon which the honor-
able Senator relies. The bill of Mr. Noell
only proposes to allow to these heirs a tract
of land forty-four arpents front on the Missis-
sippi river, and extending back to the Atcha-
falaya river; but by some hocus-pocus this
claim has grown, under the manipulations of
committees, from a claim containing perhaps
eight or ten thousand acres of laud up to one
of half a million. The bill that was passed at
the last session proposes to give to the heirs
of Louis Bouligny seventy-five thousand acres
of land as one sixth of the trust, assuming that
the original grant to Duvernay had been re-
cognized by all these prior decisions. It is
the most astonishing blunder that I have ever
known to be committed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no proof that
he is the only heir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is assumed among
the papers without any specific evidence on
the subject, further than the finding of the
district court.
Now, sir, this report that was made at the
last session by Mr. Thayer refers to the decis-
ion of the register and receiver, and to the de-
cision of the district court, as allowing to these
heirs the whole tract of twelve miles each way
that was granted to Duvernay, when both decis-
ions on their face show that neither tribunal
recognized any claim broader oa the Missis-
sippi river than forty-four arpents, instead of
twelve miles.
It is upon these grounds that the committee
are of the opinion that the bill passed at the
last session ought to be suspended. JKe do
not undertake to decide at this time that the
heirs of Louis Bouligny may not be entitled to
one sixth of the land contained in a tract forty-
four arpents front on the Mississippi river and
extending back to the Atchafalaya river. That
point we do not at this time decide; but the
