276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
committee are clearly of the opinion that there
is no evidence anywhere, no decision anywhere,
entitled to any respect, that gives to the heirs
of Dauterive a tract of land twelve miles broad
on the Mississippi river and extending back
twelve miles to the Atchafalaya river.
Reference has been made to the acts of the
Spanish Governor as acts of cruelty and op-
pression ; but, sir, I will ask if the United
States ever undertook to indemnify the old
French citizens of Louisiana for the oppress-
ive acts of the Spanish Governor who suc-
ceeded, after that territory was transferred by
France to Spain, to the administration of pub-
lic affairs ? Has the Government ever assumed
to do anything of that kind? When these
Spanish Governors came there they found this
country shingled over with these immense
claims, covering miles and leagues, and in
order to promote the prosperity of the country,
and to fill it with people and extend agricul-
ture, they reduced these immense claims to
reasonable proportions; and they reduced
this claim of twelve miles in extent each way
to one of much less dimensions ; and I say the
grant to Duvernay has never since been recog-
nized by any Government, by the Spanish, by
the American, or by any Government. It is
a grant of the existence of which there is no
evidence except in historical allusions; a grant
the exact location of which nobody can define ;
the boundaries of which nobody can describe ;
a tract of land that has never been bounded or
described by any surveyor, and of which there
has never been a plat made so far as I can
learn from these proceedings.
Without occupying more time, I will simply
say that while the committee do not decide that
the heirs of Louis Bouligny may not be entitled
to one sixth of this tract of forty-four arpents
from and extending back to Atchafalaya river,
it is perfectly clear that they are not entitled
to that tract which was originally granted to
Duvernay by the Mississippi Company ; and as
the bill that was passed at the last session rec-
ognizes their right to that entire tract, it is the
opinion of the committee that the operation of
that bill should be suspended. To allow that
bill to be carried into effect would rob this Gov-
ernment of an immense amount of land, because
the bill of the last session only provides for
one sixth of the claim. There are five subse-
quent similar claims to come forward, amount-
ing to half a million acres of land. To allow
that bill to be executed would be to work a
.great wrong upon the Government, and would
be recognizing a claim that is not founded in
law or in justice. *
Mr. JOHNSON". The honorable member
is right in supposing that T relied upon the
judgment of the register and receiver and of the
courts and of Congress ; and I supposed that
they all related to a title that would embrace
the number of acres of which seventy-five
thousand acres would be one sixth. He is,
therefore, right now in correcting me so far as
relates to the judgment of the register and re-
ceiver and the opinion of the committee of
whicii Air. Noell was the chairman; but he is
not right so far as relates to the report made
by Mr. Thayer; he is not right in relation to
one or two of the bills which 1 understand
have been passed by each branch. I can im-
agine why it was that Mr. Noell and the dis-
trict judge confined their judgment to the one
sixth, or to the amount which was claimed
under the Spanish recognition of the title.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the opinion to which I have referred, as given
by Mr. Justice Nelson, were clear in believing
that if there were any evidcncc at all satisfac-
tory to that tribunal to show the existence of
the French grant, it would be incumbent upon
the United States to recognize it; and Mr.
Justftl Nelson seeks to avoid the claim as
made under the French grant upon the ground
of the want of evidence of the existence of
that grant, and upon no other ground. He
evidently was of opinion—and in that I have
no doubt he was right—that if the claimants
could show a French grant such as they had
alleged, the United States would be bound to
recognize it, notwithstanding Spain had dis-
avowed it in part; and for very obvious rea-
sons, as I think, to those who will reflect at all
upon the law of nations in relation to that sub-
ject.
When Spain became the grantees^ of the
territory by the cession from France in 1762,
they were bound to recognize all the ante-
cedent grants made by France ; and their fail-
ure to recognize, if they did fail to recognize,
this .grant in its entirety, was a wrong upon
the grantees who held the French title. Now,
we take the place of Spain; we have become
the grantees of this land under Spain; and if
Spain was bound and held the territory under
the obligation to recognize the French grant,
I say, with all becoming confidence, we are
bound to recognize it. Every one knows who
is at all familiar with the law of nations on
the subject that when one nation obtains by
cession a territory from another, all the pri-
vate claims that may exist to laud in that
territory fall within the protection of the suc-
cessor ; and being under his protection it is
his duty to recognize them ; and whoever takes
the property from him becomes a successor
to that duty. I state, therefore, very confi-
dently, that the Supreme Court, as far as they
are considered as speaking through Mr. Justice
Nelson, were clearly of opinion that if the
French grant in point of fact existed, the
claimants were entitled to all that was covered
by that grant.
Now, my friend from Oregon says that it is
not known that that grant was ever located.
Well, suppose it is not. Whoso fault was that?
Not the fault of the claimants. As long as
France remained the sovereign of the territory
it was her duty to segregate it from the public
domain; and when, without doing it, Spain
became her successor, it was Spain's duty not
to interfere with that segregation. And yet
what does she do ? She takes possession of it
violently, and then afterward agrees, or is sup-
posed to agree, that she will recognize the claim
for a part; and yet if there was any claim at
all under France it was not for a part, it was
forthe whole. Theconduct, therefore, of Spain
in recognizing it only in reference to a part,
while it recognizes it as a title derived from
France, while it establishes the existence of
the French grant, clearly establishes a wrong
on the part of Spain.
But however that may be, the amendment
which I propose is to let the aet wc have
already passed fall altogether unless both
branches of Congress shall hereafter say that
it ought to be allowed, and I therefore move
that amendment, that instead of making the
operation of the law that we have passed de-
pend upon the order of Congress, it shall stand
or fall just as Congress may hereafter repeal
or not repeal the grant or modify it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wish to say as
to that amendment that I do not think it ought
to bB adopted for the reason that if these heirs
"have any claim to any land there it must be a
distinct claim for a portion of another and a
separate tract of land, and when they present
that claim, if the operation of the bill is sus-
pended, it can be considered as a distinct
application for another appropriation. But if
the bill is simply suspended until the end of
the next session, it may possibly be forgotten
or overlooked; there may be some difficulty
in getting the matter before Congress, and the
claim may be finally satisfied when it is appar-
ent as it seems that it ought not to be satisfied.
I do not think that by passing the resolution
in its present form we embarrass the claim of
the heirs in any way.
Mr. JOHNSON. The result, then, is that
although the Senate of the United States may
be perfectly satisfied, or are now or shall in
the end be perfectly satisfied, that the claim is
a just one and ought to be allowed, we cannot
allow it without the consent of the other House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true of every
claim.
Mr. JOHNSON. But wa have allowed this
now, and the only question is as to its suspen-
sion. If you want it suspended to enable ua
to examine into the propriety'of passing that
bill, put it in a form that will leave the bill in
our power.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the amendment
will be adopted. It appears that there is
some claim, if it is only an undivided sixth
portion of the eleven thousand acres. I do
not think the committee have adopted the ex-
act way to compensate them for that, giving
lands and estimating them by acres. There
may, perhaps, have been a mistake in that. I
think if the Government of the United States
has taken their land and appropriated it, the
fair way would be to ascertain its value, what-
ever there may be of it, and p'ay for it. But
if the Senate pass this resolution, with the
preamble, asserting that the claim is a fraud-
ulent one
Mr. WILLIAMS. The preamble has been
stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. But there is no other
reason given for this action.
Mr. STEWART. I think to pass it in thia
shape would prejudice the case. If we post-
pone the operation of the law until after the
next session, I think there will be no dif-
ficulty in the Committee on Private Land
Claims ascertaining the exact nature of the
claim; and on the report of the committee
we can aet at the next session. I believe
there will be no difficulty in disposing of the
subject then. I am certain the members of
that committee will not forget it. But I fear
that the passage of the resolution now in this
shape ivill prejudice the claim. I hope the
amendment will be adopted ; and then at the
next session we can pass such a measure as
will be just.
Mr. FERRY. I trust as a member of the
Committee on Private Land Claims that this
amendment may not be adopted. The bill as
it passed at the last session is- palpably a very
gross injustice to the United States; and at this
session we ought not to leave a possibility that
that bill shall at any future time be executed.
The matter involved is not simply the seventy-
five thousand acres of land which are given to
the heirs of John E. Bouligny, but it involves
the establishment of the liability of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to pay an amount
exceeding half a million of dollars to the heirs
of Dauterive; aijd so long as this bill stands
unsuspended and unrepealed that liability of
the Government exists, and the representa-
tives of the remaining heirs of Dauterive
may present their claim, and, relying upon the
acknowledgment -and establishment by Con-
gress of the liability of the Government to
them, successfully prosecute it before Con-
gress. All the facts in this case have been so
completely detailed by the chairman of the
committee that I think it is not necessary for
me to recapitulate them again.
The difficulty from the beginning has been
this: that while the claimants have only asked
for one sixth part of the Spanish grant, em-
bracing a few thousand acres, the committee
of the last session, by a very gross error, which
is to me perfectly inexplicable, have adopted
as the basis of their action an old, undeter-
mined, and invalid French grant which no
court has ever recognized, no officer of the
Government has ever recognized, which Con-
gress has always repudiated ; and recognizing
that old French grant have upon that basis
proceeded to establish the liability of the Fed-
eral Government to pay over this enormous
amount to the heirs of Bernard Dauterive.
Now, if the amendment is adopted, the result
is simply that which has been briefly stated : if
in the hurry of legislation next winter, or from
any other cause, the Clatter slips by the session,
the Treasury is robbed, clearly, unequivo-
cally robbed of an amount in value exceeding
$500,000; whereas, on the other hand, if the
execution of the bill of last session is suspended
until the committee before whom the papers
now are shall have an opportunity fairly and
finally to adjust this claim, no injury can hap-
