1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
pen to the Government; no injury can happen
to the claimants under the bill, because that to
which they arc really entitled, if entitled to
anything, (which I very much doubt,) will be
given to thcm*by the report of the committee
at the ensuing session ; and the fact that Con-
gress has been willing to grant them something
upon their claim at a former session will be 'a
strong cause for the passage of anything which
the committee at the next session may report
as being that to which the claimants are fairly
the old Spanish grant. I think
if the amendment is adopted there is danger
of gross injustice to the Government. I think
if the resolution as it came to us from the
House, now that the preamble is stricken out,
shall be adopted, no injury can be done to any
one, but justice will probably be administered
to all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments made as
in Committee of-the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill amend-
atory of the bankrupt act.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand the situation of that bill. I believe it
has never been referred to any committee, but
simply introduced for reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. I inquire of the Chair if
it is so situated that it can be taken up by a
vote of the Senate, or whether it requires
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is under
the control of the Senate, in the opinion of the
Chair. The question is on the motion^of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CONKLING. Is a motion in order
now to commit that bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking it up. If it is taken up it will
then be in order.
The motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed
to; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (S. No.
95) to amend the act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, approved March 2, 1867.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move that this
bill be committed to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill was
introduced it was informally considered by the
committee. There can be no object whatever
in recommitting it except to defeat it. If the
Senator from New York desires to do that he
may as well meet it directly. There is noth-
ing, I presume, in the wording of the bill that
needs any consideration by a committee. It
consists of two sections, and is in print on the
tables of Senators. The first section proposes
to repeal that clause of the law which requires
the appointment of registers of bankruptcy to
be made by the judges of the district courts
upon the nomination and recommendation of
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to understand
the statement made by the Senator in regard to
the consideration of this bill by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated that the bill
had been .informally considered in the com-
mittee before it was introduced into the Sen-
ate, and that there could be no object in the
rereference of it to a committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to inquire
whether the Senator means us to understand
that it was favorably considered by the Judi-
ciary Committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not state whether
it was favorably or unfavorably considered. I
stated that it had be.en informally considered,
and that there was no object in referring it. I
do not know how a majority of the committee
would vote upon it. It was not before us for
the purpose of voting. I presume, however,
it would have the assent of a majority of the
committee, but I do not know how that is ; no
vote was taken upon it; nor do I think it ma-
terial.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the several district courts of the
United States to appoint these registers. The
bill simply relieves the Chief Justice from this
very unpleasant and burdensome duty. It
will be remembered, perhaps, that when the
bankrupt bill was under consideration at the
last session of Congress, the Committee on the
Judiciary, of which the Senator fro& New
York was not then a member, reported in
favor of striking out this clause at that time in
the bill as it came from the House, and devolv-
ing the duty upon the district courts, so that
this measure had the sanction of the Judiciary
Committee at the last session of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate did not
adopt it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate, however,
refused to concur. I think there was a tie
vote in the Senate on that question. I have
now introduced a bill to repeal that clause of
the law, and the question is for the Senate to
determine whether it will relieve the Chief
Justice from this burdensome duty. Clearly
he cannot have"he necessary information to
determine who are proper registers in bank-
ruptcy for the various districts in the remote
States of the Union. He is not furnished
with a clerk to examine the papers that are
sent to him, and I understand that the mail
comes loaded with recommendations from
most of the districts in the United States in
favor of different persons. He has no clerks
at his hand to assort these papers and arrange
them and make what is called a brief of the
various recommendations; and if he is to dis-
charge this duty he ought to have some assist-
ance.
Then there is another objection which is
worthy of consideration. It is certainly ques-
tionable whether the law itself is constitu-
tional. The Constitution of the United States
authorizes Congress .to vest the appointment
of inferior officers in the President alone, in
the heads of Departments, or in the courts of
law. Now, it is competent in Congress to
vest this power of appointment in the courts
of law, in the district courts; but it is not
competent under the Constitution to vest it in
the Chief Justice. He is not a court. He is
the presiding officer of one of the courts, the
Supreme Court of the United States: The law
does not give to the district courts the appoint-
ment of these officers, as the Constitution au-
thorizes Congress to do; but it gives them
authority on the nomination of the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States
to make the appointments. In other words, it
makes the district courts hold the same rela-
tion to the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States that the Senate holds to
the President of the United States. Who ap-
points officers of this Government ? Does the
Senate do it; or does the President. make
the appointments? We hold a negative on
the President; that is all. We advise and
consent to his nominations, but we can appoint
nobody by ourselves. Does the Constitution
of the United States confer upon Congress
authority to transform a court into an advis-
ing and consenting body similar to the Senate ?
Clearly the Constitution does not authorize
Congress to vest the appointment of inferior
officers in the chief justice of any court. It,
may be vested in a court, but not in the chief
justice, unless the chief justice should con-
stitute the whole court; and then it would be
because vesting it in him is the same thing as
vesting it in the court. But, sir, whether it be
constitutional or not, I think it very impolitic,
aud it is imposing upon the Chief Justice an
unnecessary and burdensome duty, which he
ought not to be called upon to perform. In
my judgment this bill ought to pass.
Mr.. CONKLING. I took the liberty of
inquiring of the Senator from Illinois whether
he intended the Senate to infer that this bill
had been in any sense favorably considered
by the Judiciary Committee, because I thought
from his remark his understanding or recollec-
tion was different from my^wn as to what took
place. .My recollection is, that there was an
expression of opinion in the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and that that expression was very de-
cided against the propriety of introducing this
bill; and I asked the question, thinking that
the Senator's recollection was different in that
respect from my own. The members of the
Judiciary Committee are here, and they doubt-
less will know whether the Senator is right in
his recollection or whether it is not correct
upon that point.
I wish to say that this particular point was
considered very carefully and discussed very
earnestly in the House of Representatives on
more than one occasion. The provision as it
stands was not a rambling provision, nor one
inserted without what was deemed very suffi-
cient reason. I think that every gentleman
who knows anything about the judgment of
the other House upon this matter will agree
with me that it is entirely out of the question
to pass, during this session or at any session,
such an amendment to the law as that which
is now proposed. There is another section of
the bankrupt bill which some gentlemen have
been giving their attention to, an amendment
of which might have a better chance than this ;
but if repeated votes, votes which at times de-
feated the bill without this provision, are any
evidence of the judgment of men, it is entirely
clear that no such provision as this could be
passed in the other House.
JMow, Mr. President, one word as to the
onus which it imposes on the Chief Justice. I
'dissent entirely from the statement made by
the Senator from Illinois on that point. No-
body, I take it, supposed that the Chief Justice
was to go in person or in any way to exercise
visitorial functions in all the localities from
which these registers are to be taken. On the
contrary, the expectation was that as the prac-
tice is in reference to selecting persons for the
highest official trusts, so the usage would be in
regard to these officials; that the Chief Jus-
tice, in reference to the State of Ohio, for,
instance, would call to his aid the Senators and
Representatives from that State, although it is
his own State, and learn from them the quali-
fications and the merits of the applicants in
each particular locality; which would lead to
the presentation to him of^recommendations
by persons known to him, and the making of
such statements as would satisfy him of th^
propriety of making particular nominations.
That was the view with which this particular
provision was inserted in the law; and I con-
less that I for one see no difficulty whatever in
its being carried out now ; and I cannot believe
that the selection of all these registers would
occupy more than two days by any plan of
selection, however careful it may be that he
may adopt, unless he should choose to dis-
card altogether the information he could get
from Senators and Representatives, and go
into the investigation of miscellaneous recom-
mendations coming from people known and
those unknown.
As to the constitutionality of the provision
as it passed, which I understand to be simply
that these appointments shall be made by the
district judges, but selected from the persons
nominated by the Chief Justice, I will say that
the special committee having the bankrupt bill
in charge in the other House, which -wa#bom-
posed in part of lawyers of conceded ability,
considered, and so did IjJie lawyers of the
House, that there was no question about it;
and I know that some of the lawyers of the
country with whose standing we are all very
familiar, and who have considered this ques-
