278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
tion more recently, have no doub\ whatever
upon the point. I have only to add in that
regard that I shall deem it very unfortunate if
any question shall be raised, by the action of
Congress or otherwise, as to the constitution-
ality of the provision. I can see how it might
disquiet and unsettle and disturb those who are
interested in the measure, and I cannot see
how it? can have any other effect.
I hope this bill will be committed to the
Committee on the Judiciary, so that if upon
examination they find that it is really wise to
attempt the change now, we may have the
judgment of the committee to that effect, and,
on the contrary, if their opinion is the reverse,
that we may have the benefit of that.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chief Justice very
naturally, I think, is exceedingly unwilling, if
he can be made constitutionally, to discharge
this duty. 1 have not seen him, nor have I
heard directly from him; but from what I have
heard I doubt very much whether, he will per-
turm the duty; and what I wish to suggest is,
fjiat if he does fail to perform it perhaps the
law will fail altogether. We might of course
have left the selection of registers to the dis-
trict courts, but we have not done that. By
the law as it stands they have no authority to
appoint a register without a nomination by the
Chief Justice. The appointing power, there-
fore, which we have conferred on the district
courts is with the two combined, just as is the
appointing power in the President and the Sen-
ale. Neither has it altogether, and neither can
exercise it alone. My fear, therefore, is that
if the Chief Justice, either because he thinks
wo have no right to impose the duty upon him
or because it will interfere with his other judi-
cial duties, will not perform this duty, the law
may fail altogether.
■ 1 repeat I have no knowledge except what I
hear in the way of rumor ; but I see it stated
that he has declined acting until the Supreme
Court shall be in session. I infer from that
(for I cannot imagine what he desires to con-
sult the judges of the Supremo Court upon,'
unless it be that) that he proposes to take the
opinion of that court as to the constitution-
ality of this provision, and 1 am by no means
certain that the judges will not hold that Con-
gress have no authority to impose this duty
upon any one of the judges. My recollection
is that some of the original pension acts, passed
soon after the organization of the Supreme
Court, devolved a portion of the duty upon the
•judges of the circuit courts to examine into
claims for pensions, and they held that that
was not a judicial matter; that Congress had
no authority to impose the duty on them ; they
might or might not discharge it; and some of
them did and some did not.
My apprehension is that if he takes, as I see
by the papers he means to take, the opinion of
the judges of the Supreme Court on the validity
of this legislation of ours, they will come to
the conclusion that it is one which we had
no right constitutionally to adopt, and hence
he will decline to discharge the duty. Then
what is to become of the bankrupt act? How
are the registers to be appointed ?
I know it may be said—I think the honora-
ble member from New York suggested to me
in private—that the whole effect of deciding
that particular provision to be unconstitu-
tional would be to strike that out and leave
the rest of the law to stand; but I do not under-
stand the principle upon which that suggestion
was made to be the rule. If two subjects in a
bill are so connected together as not to be sep-
arable in their nature, then if any portion is
decided to be illegal the whole falls. Then,
if I am right in thinking that this appointment,
as we have conferred it, is an appointment
veste^in the two combined, and not intended
to be vested in one, then if they shall come to
the conclusion that one of the combinations is
one which we had no right constitutionally to
make, the other will drop; the law will fail.
I therefore concur with tpy friend from
Illinois, the chairman of the committee, that
we should make this change if we can. Now,
it is said, and maybe said correctly, (the honor-
able member from New York may predict
certainly the fate of this measure,) that a_pro-
vision like this, striking out the clause giving
the Chief Justice the nomination, would not
meet the concurrence of the other House.
That is possible; but then we get clear of our
obligation, as I understand it, in proposing to
strike it out. If the House refuses, to concur,
the law stands as it is; but I do not know that
the House will so act; I have no j udicial notice,
so to speak, that the House will so decide, and
particularly when it is brought to their atten-
tion at the instance of the Chief Justice, who
is very anxious, as I understand, to get clear of
Jthis particular duty. His judicial duties now,
if he discharges them properly, as I have no
doubt he designs to do, are sufficiently ardu-
ous. 1 do not know any office in the gift of
the Government more important and which
requires more close and exclusive attention
than that of the Chief Justice of the United
States or judge of the Supreme Court. I
think their whole time ought to be taken in
studying the great questions which they are
called upon to decide, in becoming masters of
jurisprudence in all its branches ; and to place
either of them in a position which apparently
gives him political power is to injure the country
and at the same time injure the judge. I am
therefore very anxious to relieve him so far as
I am concerned.
Mr. DIXON. When the bankrupt act was
on its passage before the Senate I had very
great objections to the provision vesting in part
the power of appointment in The Chief Justice.
1 doubted its constitutionality. I agree with
the Senator from Illinois that there is a very
grave question as to the power; in fact I do not
believe there is any power in Congress to vest
the appointment in any mode in the Chief Jus-
tice as has been done. But. sir, that was not
my principal objection, although that is a seri-
ous objection, and one which ought to be raised
here if anywhere, although the Senator from
New York thinks it ought not to be raised here.
Certainly, if there is objection we ought to con-
sider it; here is the very place to consider it
in the first instance. We do not want an uncon-
stitutional law ou the statute-book upon a sub-
ject of this kind.
But, sir, my principal objection is of another
character. I think the Chief Justice is not the
proper man to make these selections ; not that
i have not perfect confidence in him ; no man
on this floor has greater confidence in the Chief
Justice of the United States than L have ; 1 con
sidcr him as pure and spotless as he is able ;
but I say this is not the proper business of any
Chief Justice. 1 do not wish to vest in the
Chief Justice of the United States political
power of this kind. I, in the first place, do
not wish to burden him with it,; and in the
second place, if I were willing to impose on
him that, burden, T do not think it a proper
duty for him to perform. What have we seen?
The rush has commenced, the testimonials are
pouring in upon him with regard to these ap-
pointments, and this has already assumed a
political character. It cannot be otherwise.
The applicants are sending in their testimo-
nials, not only as to their qualifications, but
as to their politics. That I am informed is the
case in the part of the country in which I live.
Ought the Chief Justice be subjected to this?
It certainly is not kind to impose upon him
this duty. Therefore, as I say, while I consider
him a man out of the reach of any improper
influence as much as any man who ever lived,
I do not wish to impose upon any Chief Jus-
tice of the United States a duty of this char-
acter. I think the law ought to be repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe that I voted
against giving this power to the Chief Justice
when the bankrupt bill was under considera-
tion ; but a majority of the Senate having de-
cided to leave it there, all of us who were in
favor of the general principles of the bankrupt
law, including I believe my distinguished friend
from Maryland, voted for the bill. Now, it is
said by my friend fnStn Maryland that he sees
by the papers that the Chief Justice is about to
consult his colleagues on the bench as to the
constitutionality of this provision, and by itn-
plication it is 
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit merto correct the
honorable member. I did not say that, cer-
tainly did not mean to say it; I said I saw he
was about to consult his colleagues, and I can
imagine no other purpose of consulting them
except this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, take it so.
Then the irresistible inference is that if upon
such a consultation ex parte, in private, .he
should come to the conclusion that this pro-
vision of the law is not constitutional, he would
not exercise the duty that the laitimposes upon
him of making these nominations. Now, in
the first place, I wish to enter my protest in
advance against the C.hief Justice or any other
citizen, be he high or low, the President of the
United States or the General of the armies,
or whoever he may be, undertaking to get the
opinion of the Supreme Court upon any ques-
tion upon a law that may come before them for
consideration in advance and ex parte. And
in my judgment there would be no more justi-
fication in the Chief Justice refusing to obey
what this law requires him to do, after such a
consultation and after such advice, than there
would before, because it drives us to this alter-
native: we pass a law, and any officer who is
required to do something under it has it in his
power, on account of his official or other rela-
tions to some court, to get their individual
opinions as to how they are going to hold the
law, valid or invalid; and if they think they
shall hold it invalid, then he nullifies it; and
that is to be his justification. The practice of
the Government, I believe, so far has been,
and the only practice upon which Government
can be securely administered, to obey the law
which the law-making power passes, including
the approval of the Executive—to obey and
execute that law until on a proper case, with
regular parties, and after fair deliberation and
argument, and both sides of the controversy
are contested, it shall be held to be invalid.
Now, what should we say as to any executive
officer of the country, the President of the
United States, for illustration, if upon doubtful
and debated and disputed questions we should
be told that he had privately got the opinion of
the Supreme Court that such and such provis-
ions which we had enacted into a law, either
with or without his consent, would not stand,
and therefore he did not choose to put them
in force ? Either some very serious co.ise-
quenees would happen to him, whoever he might
be, or the Government might be entirely broken
up. It is the business of the Supreme Court
to decide causes, not to act as counsel even
for one of their fellows ; and the fact that this
officer happens to be the Chief Justice is no
more reason for his getLing an ex parte, opinion
in advance than it is for any other citizen—not
a particle. I do not by any means suppose
that he intends to do it; lam sure he cannot
intend to do it, because, to my mind, it-would
be exceedingly improper and unfair.
Then the question is, what are we to do?
We have passed this law; we have passed it
upon consideration here, against my opinion
as to its propriety, and against very grave
doubts that in my humble and limited knowl-
edge of the law I have as to its constitution-
ality; but we tested the question in this body,
and decided by a considerable majority that
we would allow it to stand as it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A tie vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
says it was a tie. No matter; a majority de-
cided to leave it as it is. I wished it to be
otherwise; I wish it were otherwise now : but
if we go into the consideration of questions of
this sort over and over again at the same ses-
sion, when they have been before fully consid-
• ered, merely because we impose an inconven-
ient and disagreeable duty upon some officer,
we shall never have any end of such things,
and the country will be worse off than before.
I take it, tay frifend from Maryland will agree
