1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2.81
ment. There lias been a great deal of misap-
prehension, and there is still a great difference
of opinion, as to the time when the bankrupt
law takes effect, although I believe opinions
are settled down that it takes effect in some of
its provisions immecKately. It was certainly
the understanding when the bill passed that it
took effect on the 1st of June, and. that was the
general impression. It is certainly somewhat
unfair that a measure making so great a change
in commercial affairs and in credits should go
into effect without any notice whatever. I offer
an amendment with a view to remedy that, that
the bill shall go into effect on the 1st of June.
Mr. DRAKE. I call the attention of the
Senator from Rhode Island to the last section
of the act, which covers the case.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not cover the
case, I am sorry to say. I want the amend-
ment acted upon, and then if the bill is referred
to the committee the amendment goes with it.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
And be it further enacted. That the fiftieth scction
of an act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States, approved
March 2, 18G7, is amended so as to read as follows:
This act shall take effect on the 1st day of June
next: Provided, The appointment of officers crcated
thereby, and the establishment of rules and general
orders under said act, may be mado at any time after
the passage of this act: And provided further. That
nothing in this act con!  in"d shall be construed or
held to invalidate any lieu oi conveyance acquired
or made in good faith prior to the taking eifect of
this act.
Mr. CONNESS. Is that amendment now
pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Will not a motion to refer
the bill and amendment to the committee be
now in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be.
Mr. CONNESS. I make that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator to
allow a vote to be taken on the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Why not submit it to the
consideration of the committee? We have
spent the entire day on this bill already.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will tell the Senator
precisely why I want it done. If this amend-
ment meets the approbation of the Senate, aud
the bill is referred, I shall then offer it as a
separate bill. If the bill is referred, I am afraid
it will not be reported again.
Mr. CONNESS. The reference of this
amendment will not preclude the Senator from
offering it to-morrow as a separate bill. He
may offer it to-morrow and ask the Senate to
consider it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say
that I presume it is understood in the Senate
that if the bill is referred there will be very
little probability of any action upon it. at the
present session. There can be no object in
referring it. It is understood in the Senate.
If it is referred, it will hardly be practicable
for us to report it back and consider it at the
present session of Congress, which is about
drawing to a close. If it is intended to pass
the bill, we had better pass it without a refer-
ence.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
message from the house,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 0) placing certain troops of Missouri on
the same footing with others as to bounties.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 19)
directing the Secretary of War to furnish cer-
tain arms and equipments to the State of Ten-
nessee, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
Honse had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 2'J) to terminate a contract/of a member
of Congress with the Post Office Department,
with an amendment,-in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 72) to ex-
empt wrapping-paper made from wood or
corn-stalks from internal tax, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 25)
to make valid the laws of New Mexico, passed
at the session of the Legislature held at Santa
F6, from the 3d day of December, 1866, to the
31st of January, 1867.
ENltOLLED RESOLUTION SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 6) placing certain troops
of Missouri on an equal footing with others as
to bounty ; aud it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
education in the district.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia :
llesolved, That the Commissioner of Education be
directed to inquire into the educational interests of
the Distiict of Columbia, ascertain the condition
and number of children over the age of six and under
eighteen years of age, aud the general efficiency of
the school system now in existence therein, and report
at the next session of Congress, with such suggestions
of reform as he may deem necessary to provide a
thorough system for the education of all the youth
of the District.
condition op wounded soldiers.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be directed to inquire and roport as to the pro-
priety of the United States becoming a party to the
treaty concluded at Geneva on the 2'2d day of Au-
gust, 1861, "for the amelioration of the condition of
wounded soldiers of armies in the field," which treaty
has already received the assent of the Governments
of Italy, Baden, Belgium, Denmark, Holland, Spain,
Portugal, Franco, Prussia, Saxony, Wiirtemberg,
and the Federal Council of Switzerland.
bill introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill, which I
wish to have printed and laid upon the table.
It is substantially the amendment I have just
offered to the bill of the Senator from Illinois.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 106) to amend the
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867 ; which was
read twice by its title, ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
mail contract with a senator.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 29) to terminate a contract of a mem-
ber of Congress with the Post Office Depart-
ment, which was to add the following proviso:
Provided, That tho Postmaster General, in accord-
ance with the usage of the D-epartment, shall have
the power to reject any bid which lie may deem ex-
orbitant. .
The amendment was concurred in.
ASMS TO TENNESSEE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing the
Sccrctary of War to furnish certain arms and
equipments to the State of Tennessee, which
was to strike out " twenty-five hundred" in
line five and to insert "ten thousand.'1
The amendment was concurred in.
WRAPPING-PAPER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 72) to exempt
wrapping-paper made from wood or corn-staiks
from internal tax, which was to add after the
first Senate amendment the following:
Sec 3. And be it further enacted. That wrapping-
paper made from any other material than that.citerl
in tho first section shall be also exempt from inter-
nal tax.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act ladders made -wholly of
wood shall be exempt from internal tax.
The amendment was concurred in.
indiana and ohio war claims.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the "Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred this afternoon the joint
resolution introduced by the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Morton,] to report another bill
as a substitute for that. It takes the West
Virginia and Missouri bills as a model, and
adapts them to the State of Indiana and the
State of Ohio. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to passing the bill now. The Senator
from Indiana is very anxious to pass it, be-
cause he thinks he can get it through.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 105)
to reimburse the States of Indiana and Ohio
for moneys expended for Jhe "United States in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning military
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion, was
read twice, and considered as in the Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the appointment
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, of three commissioners,
who are not residents of the State of Indiana,
to ascertain the amount of money expended by
that State in enrolling, supplying, equipping,
subsisting, transporting, and paying such State
forces as have been called into service in that
State to act in concert with the United States
forces in the suppression of the rebellion against
the United States. No allowance is to be
made for any troops which did not perform
actual military service in full concert and co-
operation with the authorities of the United
States and subject to their orders; and no
greater allowance is to be made for any service
or expenses than would be made for similar
services or.expenses in the Army of the United
States. The previous provisions are to apply
in every respect to the State of Ohio in regard
to the amount due to that State.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion of Mr. Howe was agreed to ; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 22, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave of absence.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask leave of
absence for my colleague, Mr. Bromwell, for
the remainder of this session, on account of
serious illness in his father's family. And I
also desire to state that my colleague has been
absent from his seat in this House for the last
two or three days on account of indisposition.
No objection was made, and leave of absence
was accordingly granted.
additional examinees in patent office.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to have considered at this_ tima
House bill No. 28, to increase tho force in the
Patent Office. The passage of the bill is de-
manded by the condition of the business in
the Patent Office at this time. The bill was
framed under the supervision of the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Mr. SPALDING. I object; and call for,
the regular order of business.
relief op destitute in the south.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 16, for the relief of the destitute in the
southern and southwestern States, which was
reported wii h amendments from the Committee
I of the Whole on yesterday. The previous qucs-
