1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Greeley for the place. He will then be able to
accomplish by one resolution his entire pur-
pose, remove the incumbent and appoint such
person as he may desire to hold the office. I
think there can be no doubt that we have the
jurisdiction to do the one as clearly as the
other.
Mr. RANDALL. I think Mr. Greeley is
too honest. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I infer from the excellent
and admirable suggestion of my friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] that he has prob-
ably found out the reason of the report of the
majority of this committee; for in that sugges-
tion he_ has given a hint to the country of those
patriotic motives which actuate that very hon-
orable and honest committee of this House.
Sir, to assail the reputation of a man on the
general charge of infamy, to drag into that
charge many persons connected with the Gov-
ernment, directly orindirectly, male and female,
and then to concentrate the spirit of the inves-
tigation in the removal of an individual, thereby
carrying before the country the impression that
in his guilt all connected with him are involved,
is wholesale destruction of character, consistent
only with such republicanism as was known in
Venice, as was exercised during revolutions in
Europe, or as was 'exhibited at the early stage
of the revolution through which we have just
passed in this country.
Sir, I reiterate that the malignancy of this
attack, not merely upon this individual but
upon certain persons whom it has deemed
necessary to assail by implication, as embodied
in this resolution, without being based upon
one written statement seen and examined by
a single member of this body, except it be the
honorable member who has a portion of the
printed testimony in his own hands, is alto-
gether wrong. So far as this House is con-
cerned, so far as the body authorized by the
Constitution to inaugurate impeachment is
concerned, not one word of testimony has been
laid before the House in a form-available for
investigation or worthy of the character of an
impeachment or of the dignity of the question.
Even in his preliminary speech the other day
the chairman of the committee, having the
testimony in his hands, withheld it fiom the
Clerk when asked to have it read.
Now, sir, I recognize in the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] the proper remedy in this case.
As I said at the opening of my remarks, I do
not appear here either to prevent or to urge
an investigation. I do not appear here to de-
fend this man's character, but to demand in
the investigation of his conduct that publicity
which will be satisfactory to every member of
this House and to the people we represent. I
am desirous, as I before stated, of securing in
the civil service of this Government a com-
plete reform, and I believe that the custom-
house organization in New York city is the
very best spot in which to inaugurate that
reform.
The whole question of crime, of dereliction
from duty, of incapacity on the part of this
public officer demands, if the gentleman can
substantiate his charges, that the matter should
be more than a mere personality, demands
that we should establish a system which by its
checks and balances will secure to the Govern-
ment of the United States honest and efficient
management of the revenues at our ports. I
believe the amount of revenue received from
foreign ports at the harbor of New York is some
one hundred and thirty-eight million dollars
per annum. As that system is now organized
it is nothing but a political machine, to secure
the proper working of which the proper man
is put in the right place, with latitude of action
and with responsibility enough to authorize him
to work to the end of political success upon
the plans laid before him by such responsible
parties as are represented in national commit-
tees. By outside pressure from large political
organizations, such as the Loyal League and
others of that character, there Is brought to
bear upon the collector of the port of New
York and the collector of every port in this
Union, upon the head of the Internal Revenue
Bureau, and of every possible machinery by
which this Government is carried on, the same
political pressure, whether one party or the
other is in the supremacy.
Now, sir, I protest against any action against
an individual without full proof and until you
show a disposition to reform the whole system.
I believe the present incumbent is no worse
than many who preceded him. He may be no
better. The amount of money that' passes
through his hands is to a very large extent left
to himself to account for in such manner as he
may please. When the hour comes for settle-
ment he has to adjust his balances between the
merchants whom he is put there to guard and
to account to the Secretary of the Treasury,
whom he was put there to please, or by whom
he was put there to please somebody of a simi
lar faith.
ThSre is nothing more unfair than to put a
man in a place of great temptation, and then,
without giving him an opportunity of being
heard, arrest him and seize his papers, or leav-
ing him in full possession of the proof of his
guilt discharge him from his office and allow
him to run riot in the land with all his knowl-
edge of means of corruption and with all the
profits of his wrong-doing in his possession.
Now, if it were possible to assail the chair-
man of this committee [Mr. Holbded] with
the charge of being influenced by improper
motives, his enemies might say there was
something of collusion in this^matter. And I
ask this House and that gentleman and the
members of the committee who acted with
him to bear in mind that suppressio veri is as
great a crime as suggestio falsi in the eyes
of justice and equity. If you believe this man
to be guilty, then produce the proof of his
guilt and have him punished, if he is not
guilty, then in the name of justice let him go.
When a man is branded by this House there
is no city of refuge to which he can flee and
by a term of years wash off the stain.
By this resolution it is proposed that this
House shall sink to the level of a public prose-
cutor, without retaining to ourselves tjie dignity
of a judge. You are asked to seize the whip
and scourge a public officer from his place,
without having that warrant of justice which is
the only guarantee of proper action.
Now, myself and others here find ourselves,
probably for the first time upon this floor, pre-
pared to support a proposition of the, gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens,] be-
cause he is now acting for the purpose of se-
curing the ends of justice, to constitutionally
protect the rights of a citizen, and fortunately
for us and for the country that, too, irrespective
of color or race, and I believe we stand ready to
support the proposition for an impeachment
when testimony sufficient to warrant such action
shall be brought before this House, making the
case such as we can stand upon before the
world, uncompromised by our action either as
colluding with this officer and shielding him
from justice, or as being partisan and mali-
ciously prosecuting a man without giving him
a fair trial.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Chaxleb] yield to
me for a few minutes?
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGEE. I hope the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,J looking to an impeachment,
will take a different form. What has occurred
in the history of this case, as I understand it,
is substantially this : that one of the commit-
tees of this House was directed to investigate
generally the affairs connected with the subject-
matter of retrenchment, and perhaps the man-
agement of the affairs of the Government gen-
erally.
Mr. HULBURD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will state that the Committee on
Public Expenditures of the last House were
directed to investigate the affairs of the New
York custom-house. The other subject to
which the gentleman refers was referred to
another committee.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then I am cor-
•rected in that respect. But that does not affect
the suggestion I was about to make. A com-
mittee was directed to examine into the affairs
of the New York custom-house. The result
of that examination was a report damaging to
the proper management of that office.
Subsequently anot her resolution was adopted
by this House directing further investigation
into the conduct of the collector of the port of
New York. And now that committee have
brought forward a resolution asking the House
to vote that that officer ought to be removed.
And now my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] makes a motion to substitute for that
a resolution that this officer should be im-
peached.
It seems to me it will strike the mind of my
friend, and of every other gentleman here,
that it is not right that we should come to the
conclusion that any officer of this Government
should be impeached without an investigation
by a committee directed by the House to look
directly to the propriety of impeachment. And
I undertake to say—I say it from general recol-
lection, and not from any accurate investiga-
tion I have given to the subject—that no prece-
dent will be found in the history of this Gov-
ernment where such a resolution as that sug-
gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] has been adopted without its
being preceded by an investigation by a com-
mittee charged with the business of ascertain-
ing whether there is sufficient ground for find-
ing articles of impeachment. I submit that
such has been the invariable practice, and that
it is manifestly just.
Now, look at what has occurred in this case.
No investigation has been set on foot looking
to the propriety of presenting articles of im-
peachment, and no committee has hinted that
impeachment ought to take place, unless the
hint can be found in the resolution reported by
my friend from New York, [Mr. Hulbuud,] de-
claring that Mr. Smythe ought to be removed.
But every gentleman will see instantly that no
impeachment is involved in the resolution of
the committeo. All that the resolution declares
is that Mr. Smythe ought to be removed. It
does not say that he ought to be removed for
high crimes and misdemeanors. We have no
committee that has recommended or suggested
that an impeachment ought to occur. Copy-
ing from the precedents, I have drawn up a
resolution, which I hope will be accepted by
my friend from Pennsylvania as a substitute
for his proposition—a resolution correspond-
ing in form to that which has in our legislative
history invariably preceded the presentation
of articles of impeachment. By this customary
form of resolution the committee haying
charge of the subject—usually the Judiciary
Committee, (once, in the ease of Judge Chase,
a select committee headed by Mr. Randolph,
of Virginia)—is charged with the business of
inquiring whether the constitutional pdwers
of the House with reference to impeachment
should be interposed in the case.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question, if he will per-
mit me?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I would like the gentleman
to state whether in the history of the Govern-
ment there is any precedent for an attempt to
impeach an officer whom the President has the
power to remove? Judge Chase, to whose
case the gentleman has referred, was a judge
of the Supreme Court, and could not be re-
moved by the President.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman front
Ohio will permitme to suggest to the gentleman
from New York that the President, under the
tenure-of-ofBee act, has not the power to re-
move Mr. Smythe.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Fortunately for
the reputation and good character of our
Government, the examples of impeachment
in our history are extremely few. I know of
