284
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
March 22,
no ease in which an impeachment was insti-
tuted against an officer whom the President
had the power to remove; but" I say that in
this case, under the present state of the law,
since the passage of the tenure-of-office act,
there is no power of removal by the Presi-
dent without the assent of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. With the leave of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I will call the attention of
the gentleman from New York to the words
of the Constitution—
" The Presfdertt, Vice President, and all civil officers
of the United States shall be removed from office on
impeachment for and conviction of treason, bribery,
or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
Mr. "WOOD. "Mr. Speaker, there can be no
question of the power of Congress t« impeach
any official; but I deny that it was designed that
this mode of removal should be resorted to in
cases where the Executive has the power to
act, as he has in this case. And, Mr. Speaker,
as evidence of the fact 
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the Executive has not the power
of removal in this case, except with the con-
currence of the Senate.
Mr. WOOD. There is some doubt about
that. There is some doubt about the constitu-
tionality of the law by which the gentleman
claims the President is deprived of the power
of removal.
Mr. GARFIELD. The law is operative
until decided to be unconstitutional:
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, after nearly a
century's experience under the Constitution
of 1787, this is the first proposition to impeach
an officer whom the Executive has the power
to remove without a resort to this mode of
getting rid of him.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker,
there can be no serious doubt of the consti-
tutional right of this House to present articles
of impeachment against any civil officer of the
Government of the United States. I believe
that, upon second thought, my friend from
New York himself would not doubt it. It has
never been questioned, and I think there can
be no serious doubt about it.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman's argu-
ment is taking a very wide range. If the gen-
tleman has an amendment to offer, and it will
be accepted, I have no objection ; but the
question now before the House is of a charac-
ter which does not call for this debate on the
Constitution.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I have only one
word more to say. I only wish to suggest that
nil the precedents in regard to setting on foot
proceedings for impeachment are like the one
to which 1 refer, and which I take from the
case of Judge Chase. I will read the resolu-
tion in that case:
'' Resolved, That a committee be appoin ted to inquire
into the official conduct of Samuel Chase, one of the
associate justices of the Supreme Court of the United
states, and of Richard Peters, district judge of the
district of Pennsylvania, and to report their opinion,
whether the said Samuel Chase and Richard Peters,
or cither of them, havo so actod in their judicial ca-
pacity as to require the interposition of the consti-
tutional power of this House."
On that resolution articles of impeachment
were set on foot. On the 6th of March, Mr.
Randolph made a report in favor of an im-
peachment, and thereupon the articles were
preferred.
I will conclude by saying there is a manifest
impropriety in the House jumping to the con-
clusion indicated by the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The amendment I have prepared is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expend-
itures of this House be directed to inquire into the
official conduct of Henry A. Smythe, collector of the
port of New York, and to report their opinion,
whether the said Smythe has so acted in his said
official capacity as to require the interposition of the
constitutional power of this House.
Mr. CHANLER. I yield now to my col-
league £Mr. Pruyx] for a few moments.
Mr. PBUYN. Mr. Speaker, I believe there
are now two amendments pending before the
House to the original resolution, one theamend-
ment proposed which contemplates impeach-
ment, and the other a reference of the matter
to the committee for farther investigation. Any
further amendment at this time would be out
of order. I had intended to offer an amend-
ment while listening to the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabakger]
referring this testimony to the President of the
United States for such action, such immediate
action, if you please, action without delay, as
in his judgment should be necessary to protect
the public business. It matters but little, per-
haps, whether the testimony now before the
House, or rather the testimony in possession
of the committee—for it has not yet been given
to the memhers of the House—should come to
members for action at this time, or whether
the investigation should be further prosecuted
with a view to elicit the facts which surround
this matter.
Now, sir, in regard to Mr. Smythe I have
no communication from him. I have 110 expla-
nation from any of his friends in regard to the
charges made against him by my colleague who
addressed the House a few days ago. I do not
purpose to go into any defense of Mr. Smythe's
conduct in the particulars to which the com-
mittee has referred, even if such defense can
be made, and I believe in time proper expla-
nations will be made.
I do not propose to go into explanation fur-
ther than to refer to what the chairman of the
committee said when he addressed the House
in regard to the matter. I cordially agree with
my colleague from New York [Mr. Wood] in
the statement lie made a few days ago in regard
to the character and position of Mr. Smythe
at the time this important appointment was
conferred upon him. My personal acquaint-
ance with Mr. Smythe is very slight. I doubt
whether I have seen him for ten m&utes to-
gether for the last five years. But I know
that in years past, whenever the merchants and
business men of New York have been called
upon to name representative men from their
number, Mr. Smythe has been uniformly
selected for that purpose, perhaps has been
selected oftener than any other in that city.
So great was the confidence in his business
character and integrity that the bank over
which he presided, of which he was president
when appointed collector of the port, that it
received in a short time, I think within twelve
months, an amount of deposits in its vaults
unprecedented except in the case of the old
United States Bank.
These deposits, I believe, were over twenty
million dollars in one bank, the capital of
which was only $3,000,000. These facts go to
show the great confidence which was reposed
in Mr. Smythe.
Now, sir, it is proposed here, without hav-
ing had an opportunity to read this testimony,
without that full investigation which this case
really demands, to declare to the world, as the
deliberate judgment of this House, that Mr.
Smythe is a man totally unfit to hold the posi-
tion which he occupies, and that he ought to
be removed. Now, sir, I agree with the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabakger] in say-
ing that until we know what the facts are, until
our judgments are convinced, from a perusal
of the testimony, that this man ought to be
impeached or removed, it is an unwise and ill-
judged proceeding, not to say a harsh proceed-
ing, on the part of this House to pronounce a
judgment. It would, under the circumstances,
be a judgment in advance.
I -heartily agree with my colleague [Mr..
Chanler] in his comments on the general
character, management, and influence of the
New York custom-house. Many excellent
men, many men of high character, whom I
know well, have been at the head of that cus-
tom-house at different times, but on the whole
its management for years past has been a curse
to any political party that controlled it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to modify my amendment ?
Mr. CHANLER. I will give the gentleman
an opportunity when my colleague gets through.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did
not know but he would like to hear it before
proceeding further.
Mr. CHANLER. Undoubtedly, but proba-
bly he had better not. [Laughter.] Another
gentleman will follow him immediately. I
wish to gratify my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Noell.]
Mr. PRUYN. Now, sir, that custom-house
ought to be reformed, thoroughly reformed.
The clerkships should be given out after com-
petitive examination; they should not be given
to politicians as such. The fees should be
reduced to the minimum*which will enable
the Government to carry out its system of pub-
lic stores and pay the incidental expenses of
the management of the custom-house. The
New York merchants should not be compelled
to pay tribute to any public officers or to any
political party. It is time the whole thing
ended, for it is a disgrace to the country and
carries its baleful influence throughout the
whole length and breadth of the land.
There are some things in regard to this mat-
ter which I would like to lay before the House,
but it seems my time is rapidly drawing to a
close and I must shortly yield. I wish, how-
ever, to be distinctly understood in regard to
this matter,, that I want the conduct of Mr.
Smythe to be most thoroughly investigated, and
if he has been guilty of the acts attributed to
him he ought to be removed at once. I for
one will join with any number of gentlemen
on this floor in passing any resolution which
is requisite for the purpose of bringing this
case before the proper authority and for re-
moving this man if proved guilty of the offenses
charged. But let us first know what the facts
are, and give him the opportunity which we
give to the meanest criminal of defending
himself.
Mr. CHANLER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I modify
my amendment as follows :
That the testimony taken by the Committee on
Public Expenditures relating to the conduct of Henry
A. Smythe, collector of the port of New York, be re-
ferred to the said committee, with a view to ascertain
whethor or not said Smythe has been guilty of high
crimes and misdemeanors sufficient to justify his im-
peachment; and if said committee find from that and
other evidence that he has been thus guilty, then to
proceed and prepare articles of impeachment and
report the same to this House, and that they have
leave to send for persons and papers.
Mr. SITELLABARGER. This modification
being made, I withdraw my proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANLER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri five minutes.
Mr. HULBURD. Will the gentleman allow
me just one minute?
Mr. NOELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HULBURD. I rise simply to say that
so far as I am individually concerned I am
willing to accept the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania as a substitute for the
original proposition reported by the committee.
I have no right to accept it on behalf of the
committee, but individually believing that the
temper of the House is for something more
severe than the proposition which the commit-
tee reported I assent to the substitute, and
shall vote for it.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope, sir, it will be
found more politic and more fair.
Mr. NOELL. The resolution which has just
been read, taken in connection with the char-
acter of the proceedings had before this time,
presents a very anomalous spectacle to this
House. Testimony was taken before a com-
mittee of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and that
committee was discharged. That testimony
was by a resolution of this House referred to a
committee of this Congress. It has not been
read by a majority of the members of the pom-
mittee on Public Expenditures; and if it has
been read by any of the members of this House
outside of that committee, it has been read by
but very few of them. Yet it is upon this tes-
timony that we are now called upon to pass a
resolution asking for the dismissal of a high
