1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
the absence of any Military Committee, I have,
been requested, as chairman of the committee
in a former Congress, to turn my attention to
this matter. I find these arms can be fur-
nished, if needed, in a greater number with-
out any detriment or loss, but probably in the
.nature- of a saving to the Government in hav-
ing the arms taken care of. I think ten thou-
sand is quite as small a number as ought to be
furnished to that State. Tennessee is in an
anomalous condition. It was one of the rebel
States; it is now one of the loyal States, but
has not had the advantage of the distribution
of arms as the other loyal States have. I hope
for the reasons stated by the gentleman from.
Wisconsin that the joint resolution will be
amended by increasing the number to ten
thousand instead of twenty-five hundred as
proposed by the Senate.
Mr. ROSS. I hope I will be permitted to
make an amendment, that instead of account-
ing for them the State shall be compelled to
pay for them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Illinois does not pay for
her arms.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
80, noes 15.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
now put.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays on
Mr. Paine's amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 28, not vot-
ing 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bakor, Baldwin, Banks.
Bearnan, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
woll, Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Sidney
Clarke. Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Cullom. Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs. Ecklcy, Eggleston, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton,
Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Judd, Julian, Kciley, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mcrcur,
Moore, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pols-
ley, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding:, Aaron P. Stevens, Taffe, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F.Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—102.
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Eldndge, Fox, Gctz, Glossbrenner,
Haight, Holman, Humphrey, Kerr, Marshall, Mor-
lissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn,
Randall, Ross. Sitgreaves, Taber, Van Auken, Van
Trump, and Wood—28.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Bingham, Bromwell,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Covode, Dawes, I
Denison, Eliot, Farnsworth. Griswold, Harding, Kel-
sey, George V. Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Mc-
Cullough, Miller, Moorhead, Morgan, Phelps, Pike,
Pomerny, Price, llaum, Robinson, Selye, Shellabar-
ger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Thomas,
Van Wyck, and William B. Washburn—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved that the joint resolution
be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The joint resolution, asamended, wasordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION «ASES.
Mr. McCLURG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe time for taking testimony in the
contested-election casesof Birch vs. Va'nHorn in the
sixth congressional district of Missouri, and Switzler
vs. Anderson in the ninth congressional district of
Missouri, is hereby extended for sixty days from the
expiration of the time prescribed by law m such
eases respectively.
PRINTING 01 BILLS.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutions; which were
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 19.
severally referred to .the Committee on Print-
ing: ^
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the bank-
rupt law be printed for the use of the IIouso.
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the bill to
Sroyidei for a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara
6 printed for the use of the House.
THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE.
- The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he is compelled to be absent from the city to-
morrow, and as the_House has not adjourned
over, he asks leave of absence, the first da;?
that he has asked, and also the privilege of
designating some gentleman to act as Speaker
pro tempore.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER then designated Mr. Schenck
as Speaker pro tempore.
GOVERNMENT SUITS IN ENGLAND.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the House of Repre-
sentatives, if in his judgment not incompatible with
the publio interost, copies of tho correspondence,
legal proceedings and other documents relating to
tho suit of thoUnited States vs. Prioleau and othors,
pending in the court of chancery of England..
The resolution being a call for executive in-
formation, was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. As this correspondence may
not be copied in time to be returned at this
session, I ask consent that the Secretary of
State be authorized to make the communica-
tion in print.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
appointment 01' watchmen.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the appointment
of certain watchmen, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the. motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 6) placing certain troops of Mis-
souri on an equal footing with others as to
bounties; when the Speaker signed the same.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. PRUYN asked and obtained leave of
absence for the residue of the session.
ORIGINALITY OF AN INVENTION.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent that
a bill, with an accompanying report, be laid on
the table and printed. It was before a com-
mittee in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and they
were unable to report it for lack of time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how a gentleman can make a report for the
Thirty-Ninth Congress and have it printed.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
have it done.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I object.
Mr. MYERS. I believe the gentleman will
withdraw his objection when I state what it is.
The report and bill refer to the celebrated
invention of the "induction coil," for which the
Emperor of France and a French commission
have awarded the originality to Rumkorf, a
foreigner.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I object. [Laugh-
Mr. SPALDING (at three o'clock and twenty
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 80,
noes 64.
On the motion of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, to suspend the rules there were—ayes
65, noes 41.
Mr. BROOMALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Huledrd and Chanler.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 33.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 95, nays 33, not voting 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Blame, Boutwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Butlor, Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
t6T"« 1
Mr. MYERS. We declare Dr. Charles G.
Page, of Washington, an American, entitled
to that merit and honor.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
henry A. shythe.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of resum-
ing the consideration of the resolution reported
by the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, _ .
Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield,
Gravely, Halsoy, Hamilton, Hayes, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Julian,
Kciley, Kctcham, Koontz, Laflin. William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, McClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore, Mor-
rell, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Polsley, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck Seofield,
Shanks, Shellabargcr, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens. Stewart, Taffe, Taylor. Thomas.
Trowbridge, Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn. Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C.Washburn, Henry D.Washburn, Wel-
ker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—05.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Be am an, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Haight, Hill, Holman, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Kerr, Kitchen, Marshall, Morris-
sey, Mungen. Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump,
and Wood—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bingham, Brom-
well, Reader W. Clarke, Dawes, Denison, Eokley,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, Gris-
wold, Harding, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Kelsey, George
V. Lawrence, Loughridgc, Lynch, McOullough, Moor-
head, Morgan, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Pomeroy, Piico, Randall, Ranm, Robinson, Sclyo,
Stone, and William B. Washburn—36.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended. «
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the resolution reported from the
Committee on Public Expenditures, in relation
to Henry A. Smythe, collector of the port of
New York.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] is entitled to the floor
for three minutes.
Mr. WOOD. Will my colleague yield to me
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. CHANLER. Before that motion is
put, I move that when House adjourn to-day
it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion of Mr. Chanler was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Wood, thatthe House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject for the present?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
the second Wednesday in December next; and
upon that motion I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
call the previous question on the resolution
and pending amendments.
The previous question wa3 seconded and
the main question ordered.
The resolution reported from the Committee
on Public Expenditures wa3 as follows:
Resolved, That it is tho sense of this House that
Henry A. Smytho should be immediately removed
