294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 23,
warded by him to the party entitled to it, so as
to make it sure that he gets it; and the claim
agent will receive from General* Howard out
of this money what the law allows him for his
services, so that the claim agent will get all
that the law allows him to receive, and the
money will go through the hands of General
Howard, who is responsible for it, and who is
bound by the law to forward it to the party
entitled to it, he having the record of where
the man is and who he is, and being respon-
sible that the money gets into his hands. This
is an immense labor which is to be devolved
upon him, and he is to get nothing for it, wshile
he and his agents are to be responsible that
the money gets into the proper hands.
Mr. French and Mr. Brodhead both recom-
mend that this be done. I went up two days
ago to the Department and had a long conver-
sation with Mr. French in regard to it. He
summoned up one of the officers of his Depart-
ment who had the care of this matter, and he
informed me of great abuses which ought to
be corrected. The other day the opposition to
the resolution seemed to come entirely from
objection to depositing the money in the Freed-
men's Savings Bank as then proposed, or in
any bank. Instead of that we now provide
that the checks shall be given to General
Howard, who is to forward them to the proper
parties, ho being responsible for the money.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have failed to make
myself understood by my friend from Massa-
chusetts. If the money is to remain in the
Treasury to give General Howard an oppor-
tunity of ascertaining to whom it belongs, I
have no objection. The objection I make is
not for the purpose of saving the interests of
any claim agents. I have nothing to do with
Ihem. I am looking to the safety of the fund
for the parties to whom we owe it. If the
effect of the amendment is to transfer into the
hands of General Howard the whole amount
now in the Treasury to the credit of the fund,
then I object to it, because no matter how
honest General Howard is, and no man is
more honest., it subjects the parties to whom
the money is due to the hazard of its being
lost. What is General Howard to do with it,
provided he gets the whole fund ? Where is
he to deposit it?
Mr. WILSON. Some cases come up every
day, and he would every day, if this resolution
be passed, be receiving checks and sending
them out. The probability is he c&uld not
accumulate anything of any amount, because
the money as fast as it was paid into his hands
would be paid out to the proper parties. At
any rate, it will go no faster from the Treasury
into the hands of the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau than it goes into the hands
of claim agents. It will bo just the same in
that respect. It goes out of the Treasury in
either case, but it is believed to be safer in the
hands of this officer than in the hands of
various persons scattered up and down the
country.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I have no doubt of;
but I still fail so to explain myself as to make
myself understood, or at least I think I fail in
that respect. I do not know the aggregate
amount now in the Treasury to the credit of
these freedmen, but I believe it is near one
hundred thousand dollars, if not more. What
I want to know is whether upon the passage
of this bill the whole of that money is to be
handed over to General Howard and be kept
by him, and then plaid over to the claimants as
they may individually present their claims,
if it is to be paid over to General Howard in
the aggregate, what is he to do with it? Is he
to deposit it in a bank? Suppose the bank
fails? These things are happening. Is it to
be paid into what is called the Freedmen's
Bank? That we objected to the other day.
Or is he to keep it in his own chest? Then
stippose he is robbed, are the freedmen to
suffer? I suppose in that case we would pro-
vide for the payment to the freedmen of the
amounts which they might respectively be en-
titled to claim out of the fund.
I repeat that in what I have said I have had
in no way the interests of claim agents in my
view, but have had the interests of these parties
themselves. If the Senate think that the whole
fund should be taken out of the Treasury, where
it is certainly safe, and paid over to General
Howard, where it may not be safe, no matter-
how honest and careful he may be, then they
will say so. It seems to me to be rather dan-
gerous if that is the effect of the bill.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. I greatly mis-
apprehend the scope of this bill, or otherwise
the remarks of the Senator from Maryland do
not apply at all. There is no money to go into
the hands of General Howard as I understand it.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, the money will go
into the hands of General Howard.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But only on
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will read the
first section:
That alichecks and Treasury certificates to bo issued
in'the settlement of claims for pay, bounty, prize
money, or other moneys duo to colorod soldiers,
sailors, ormaiines, ortheir legal representatives, now
residing, or who may have resided, in any State in
which slavery existed in tho year 1860. the claim
for which has been or may be prosecuted by an agent
or attorney, shall be mado payable to tho Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, &o.
Mr. JOHNSON. He draws the money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly he
draws tho money on the cheek; but the soldiers'
fund does not go into his hands at all. Instead
of paying it to whatever attorney settles the
claim the check is to be made payable to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, and
the only duty or responsibility on him is to see
that, that check, or the proceeds of it, pass into
the hands of the proper person. If that is so,
then it turns out that the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau is not to have the fund in
his hands. He is only the trustee of the check,
and is bound to turn over the check or its pro-
ceeds to the proper person. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. CORBBTT. Are not the checks made
payable to the order of the parties entitled to
the money?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The expression
is, ' • Shall be made payable to the order of the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau."
The only object I can perceive which the hon-
orable chairman of the Military Committee has
in view, is to make sure that this money shall
go from the Government through such chan-
nels as shall insure its safe deposit in the hands
of the persons to whom it is due. Heretofore
the cheeks have been made payable to agents
or attorneys, and from that great frauds have
come. Now, it is said we will make these
cheeks all payable to the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau. He will draw the money
on these checks, or pay the checks over to the
persons_ to whom they are due. If that is so,
then it is clear that there never is, in the esti-
mation of this law, to be a fund accumulated
in the hands of the Commissioner; and to
accumulate a fund in his hands would neither
be an honest execution of it nor in any sense
a faithful compliance with his trust.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have examined this
resolution as carefully as the brief consider-
ation allowed us would permit, and I do not
see anything objectionable in it; but I think it
would be better to require this money to be
paid out by the officers of the bureau under
the same laws, rules, and regulations that
apply to other disbursing officers. The legal
effect of this joint resolution is simply to make
the Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau
and his agents disbursing officers of all money
due under existing laws to freedmen in the
southern States. Instead of its being paid
directly on draft to the freedman himself, or
his agent or attorney, it is to be collected in
the first instance by the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau or his agents through the
southern States, and then paid over to the
beneficiaries.
Now, if you require him t® hold this money
and disburse it in the same manner that a pay-
master in the Army would, you have ample
security, and these agents would become dis-
bursing officers to the extent of the money due
to the freedmen. As the bill is now framed the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau or
his agents would draw the money, and they
might if they chose deposit it with a bank, the
national banks or a savings bank. We found
it necessary only a year ago to prohibit dis-
bursing officers from depositing money with the
national banks, because a habit got up of the
national banks paying disbursing officers a
slight premium in the way of interest, and by
that means we lost in this city alone $500,000.
If these men are disbursing officers precisely
like any other disbursing officers, required to
hold this money in their hands under the pen-
alty of the penitentiary in case they pay it out
to any but the beneficiaries entitled to it, I see
no objection to the bill, and probably it would
facilitate and aid the freedmen in getting the
money which the Government owes to them.
I propose, therefore, to amend it by adding an
additional section, which I have not yet putin
form, that the moneys held or disbursed for
these purposes shall be held and disbursed
under the laws and regulations applicable to
disbursing officers of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of that would
be that they could not deposit the money any-
where else than in a Government depositary,
or have it on hand to pay the parties entitled
to it.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to such
an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I offer this amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further re-solved, That all roonoys held or
disbursed under the provisions of this resolution
shall bo held and disbursed under tho laws and rules
and regulations covering other disbursing officers of
tho Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the joint resolution (II.
R. No. 25) providing for the importation of
certain works of art duty free, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 28) to increase
the force in the Patent Office, and for other
purposes, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
AMERICAN ATLANTIC CABLE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 28. It was under consideration about
a week ago, and was laid aside to enable an
amendment to be made at the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessekdb;?.]
I hope it will now be taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 28) to grant
to the American Atlantic Cable Telegraph
Company, of New York, the right of way and
privilege to lay, land, and operate a submarine
telegraph cable on the Atlantic coast of the
United States, and establish telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and
Europe, via the Bermudas and Azores Islands.
Mr. RAMSEY. In order to answer the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Maine when
this bill was up before, I move to amend it by
inserting after the word "coast," in the seventh
line of the first section, the words " except the
coastof Florida;" and to make the same amend-
ment by iusertingthe same words after the word
" coast" in the second section.
