1867;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297:
never made any such statement in my presence.
I state also, and perhaps upon this subject I
have a right to say that, after what transpired
in the Senate the other, day, on one occasion
in conversation with Senator Patterson, ha
did state to me that the whole charge, the
whole intimation that he ever received 01 ever
expected to receive one single dollar, was with-
out any foundation whatever, and I believe his
statement.
„ I stated before this testimony was read,
when I demanded and insisted that it should
be read in the open Senate, that upon its face
it would convict the man who gave it of per-
jury. He states that this occurred but the last
week or the week before last, since Senator
Patterson, in open Senate, made that per-
sonal explanation in which he denounced the
whole charge as absolutely and unqualifiedly
false. And, sir, is there a human being who
will suppose that Senator Patterson, in the
presence of a stranger, within three feet of him,
looking him in the face, then stated boldly and
openly that he had been guilty of this great
crime? Sir, upon the face of that paper it is
blaclf all over with perjury. I denounce it as
such. Jt is an outrage upon that Senator: and
that any committee of the House of Represent-
atives, sitting in secret, should take testimony
of that kind, without giving notice to Senator
Patterson is equally as great an outrage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I doubt
whether it is in order to refer to the House in
that way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, when a
committee of the House of Representatives
refers to me I have a right to refer to that
committee and its acts.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. JOHNSON.
Unquestionably.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My mouth is not to be
closed, sir ; and I will speak plainly. I intend
to do so, and I shall strip their covering from
their proceedings, and hold them up to the
indignation of the Senate and the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I call the
Senator to order. He cannot impute motives
to the House of Representatives or any of its
committees.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not yet spoken
of motives. I have spoken of their conduct,
and of their conduct toward me; and if the
Chair decides it out of order, I will appeal to
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do decide
that you cannot impute wrong motives to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if there
be any doubt about the question of order, I
move that the Senator be permitted to pro-
cccd.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators,
the Chair having believed it was out of order to
impute motives to the other House, or to speak
disrespectfully of them in the Senate, and as
the Senator from Wisconsin avows it to be his
purpose to do so, I refer the whole question
to the Senate, whether he shall be allowed to
indulge in that line of remark. It is a question
on which I wish the sense of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it in order to offer any
remark whatever about the matter in its pres-
ent position before the Senate? If it is Ihave
one remark to make on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Wis-
consin is entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
- Senator from Maryland repeat his motion?
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion I made was
that the Senator from 'Wisconsin be permitted
to' proceed in self-defense to comment upon
the charges against him now before the Senate.
' Mr SHERMAN. Allow me to say that
there'ean be no doubt that the Chair followed
the literal language of the rule, which denies
to a Senator the right to speak disrespectfully
of the House of Representatives or any com-
mittee • but the Senate may waive its rule, and
Senate ought not properly to relies the fre
siding- Officer from enforcing the rule in this
case. I think it is a very proper motion to
move that the Senate dispense with this rule
so far as this case is concerned, and allow the
Senator from Wisconsin to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Th  ques-
tion is, Shall the Senator from Wisconsin have
leave to proceed with his remarks in his own
way ? ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say simply a
word. I did not understand the Senator from
Wisconsin as proposing to impugn"the motives
of the House of Representatives, or of a com-
mittee of the House; but he speaks of their
action, leaving the inference to be drawn, if
you please, as to what motive influenced them.
I should be unwilling myself to open to dis-
cussion, or allow any Senator to proceed to
impugn, the motives of the House of Repre-
sentatives or the motives of a committee. I
do notthink that ought to be allowed. 1 should
be very glad to extend to the Senator from
Wisconsin full latitude to speak in his own
language of acts that have been done, and I
presume that is all he desires.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Wisconsin should be allowed to
procecd with his remarks in his own way. The
resolution of the House, it will be remembered,
is to transmit certain testimony to the Senate,
which the House says "apparently affects
one or more members of the Senate." Here
is a direct allegation on the part of the House
that testimony has been taken before one of
its committees which apparently affects a mem-
ber of the Senate. The House stands here
taking a position of quasi impeachment of a
member of this body; and I humbly submit
to the Senate that that member shall have the
privilege of proceeding in reference to this
matter, at this stage of the case, just exactly
as he pleases; and then as soon as he shall
have done so, I shall offer a resolution that
the testimony which has been transmitted to
us under these circumstances be respectfully
returned to the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
that there was nothing that I heard in the re-
marks of the Senator from Wisconsin im-
peaching at all the motives of the House or
of the committee. He was simply comment-
ing upon the mode in which that committee
had proceeded to take testimony, and the
whole course of proceeding in regard to it.
Whether that would be in order or not—and I
am inclined to think it would be—the Senate
should remember that this is a very peculiar
case, one in which the personal honor and
integrity of the Senator is involved. He ought
to be allowed the largest liberty that can be
possibly allowed to him to comment upon the
whole of the papers transmitted, and all the
circumstances connected with them. I should
feel that a gross, outrage was committed on him
by the Senate if they refused him that liberty.
Under the circumstances, therefore, 1 shall
vote without hesitation for the motion of the
honorable Senator from Maryland, that the
Senator from Wisconsin be allowed to proceed
in his own way to make such remarks as lie
thinks proper, because I am confident that he
will break no parliamentary rule and outrage
no parliamentary rule. His well-known cau-
tion and habit of using correct and proper
language would forbid that. He ought to bs
allowed to proceed in his own discretion to
comment upon the communication which has
been laid on the table. T
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will go
a little further than other honorable Senators
seem disposed to go in this case. I have been
a member of the Senate, off and on, for near
twenty-three years, and m all that time I never
witnessed so great an outrage as this act of
the House of Representatives m my opinion is
in regard to these two gentlemen. J am willing
that the Senator from Wisconsin shall use his
own language and take his own time m his
own defense. I sat beside him m this b<jdy
for two or three years, m the next seat to him,
and during that time I knew almost every sen-
timent of his mind, and I, believe no more
honorable man has , ever gat. in the Senate
Chamber. He differs with me nosy in politics,
and I disapprove of his course for- the last
year or so; but I knew him to be .an honest,
high-minded, and honorable gentleman. I
think the manner in which this attack has been
made upon him; is most unjustifiable.- It is
cruel. It seems to me to be malicious. I
never heard before of an attempt made to de-
stroy the reputation of any man, no matter how
low he might be, by such flimsy testimony, aa
that which has been read to the Senate. Every
man who is at all in public life is constantly
subjected to attacks by bad men, and the more
successful he is the more frequently he is
attacked, abused, and villified. I have expe-
rienced that myself, and I feel deeply in this
case. I trust the Senator will not be interfered
with at all, but suffered to use his own lan-
guage and take his own mode of defense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senator from Wisconsin be permittod
to procced in his own way, and use such lan-
guage as occurs to him to be proper.
The question being put, the motion was
unanimously agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will proceed in his own way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I thank
the Senate sincerely for the expression of their
consent that I should be permitted to speak in
my own way in response to these charges. I
shall endeavor, however, in what I have to say
to confine myself as nearly as I possibly can
within the parliamentary rules of discussion.
On the 15th day of March last Mr. Hulburd,
in the House, made an assault upon me which
from his position I cannot suffer to pass with-
out notice. He caused to be read in the House
certain sentences from my speech in the Sen-
ate of the Gth of March, as follows:
"Mr. President, on Monday evening a newspaper
was placed in my hand, in which I find a report ot a
committee) of the last House of Representatives,
submitted by Mr. IIulburd, of New York, which
demands notice at my hands. Itfillsme with surpriso
and indignation. Without any notice to me, without
calling upon me for any explanation, this report, by
inference, and not by directcharge, by mnuondo, not
by positive averment, endeavors to create tho im-
pression that I received or agreed to reeoivo $o,0Q0
or some other pecuniary or other benefit from JVlr.
Smythe, the collector of the port of Now York.
"This charge, whether mado directly or by impli-
cation, whether sought to be sustained by proof or
innuendo, is absolutely and unqualifiedly false, and
from whatever source it comes I pronounce it a base
falsehood, a vile and cowardly slander.
Mr. Hulbcrd goes on to say, in his speech
of the 15th, that in this statement I do not deny
u that there lvas an arrangement of the Kind
indicated." He says the report of the com-
mittee never charged that I "received a single
dollar from Mr. Smythe or through him in any
way." What arrangement is that which he
by inference would affirm by saying that I have
not denied it? He disclaims saying I received
a dollar. There can be but one answer, namely:
he intends to convey the impression that, while
I did not receive a dollar, I made an arrange-
ment with Mr. Smythe .by which I was to re-
ceive some pecuniary consideration. He does
not say so in direct terms, it is true, bat insin-
uates it and leaves it to inference. Sir, you
know, and every Senator knows, that I did deny
in most positive and unequivocal terms.any
such arrangement. The very next sentence,
which he seems purposely to have omitted,
covers the whole ground. I repeat it now:
"I go further, sir, and say, that in the hundreds,
and perhaps thousands of cases in which, during the
ten years I have been in this body, my recommenda-
tion has been sought and obtained, there, is not a
single instance in which any kind ox pecuniary con-
sideration of the value of one cent was ever expected
or received directly or indirectly by me; and X have
vet to see that man upon this earth who would dare
to look me in the face and make such an otter. Upon
this and all other matters I am ready to meet the
most searching scrutiny."
I have nothing to add to or subtract from
that statement.
But this gentleman says that I called upon
him a day or two after the report of the aom-
mittee was mado public. That is true. I did
call upon him.
