BOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 23,
I know, indeed, that
IF my
testified on the subject.
it is very natural for us 
Mr. PATTERSON, of'Tennessee,
colleague will allow me, I will say 
Mr. FOWLER. If ray colleague will wait
I shall do him fall justice? on the subject, and
I do not think I shall speak with passion or
prejudice in the case. I shall treatthe subject
precisely as if it were an imputation upon
myself. I know,, indeed, that it is perfectly
consistent with our disposition to treat with
indignation any such imputations as these ; but
at the same time I do not forget, and I will
not forget, that this- is the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and that the persons who make this
charge are the Representatives of the American
Eeoplo, and must be treated with respect as
ecomes them. I had hoped that this subject
would have been referred, as has been pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio, that it may-
receive a careful investigation, and if the
charge be found untrue, as I am satisfied it
will, it would have been the best vindication
of the Senators that could have been made.
I did not rise, however, so much to make
any remarks on this subject as on a subject
that is a little foreign to the question before
the Senate; and although I know it is some-
what out of order, I hope the President and
Senators will indulge me for one single mo-
ment ; and that is in reference to a report that
was made some lime ago in which the names
of two ladies of my State were involved. I
wish, if I can speak on this subjectas it merits,
to.say a few words. I know the character of
Mrs. Stover and Mrs. Patterson, two excellent
and amiable ladies from the State of Tennes-
se?, whose names were dragged before us, I
think, with all duo respect to the House and
to the Senate and to the American people,
without evidence which would justify any gen-
tleman in bringing the name of any American
lady before the public in such a manner as
that. I will state this for them, that two more
amiable, worthy, modest, conscicntious, up-
right women are not to be found in this coun-
try. I know of no persons who will respond
more quickly to all the demands of humanity
than those two ladies. I know also that they
came to the city of Washington with great
roluetance, knowing well that their position
would necessarily bring them before the public
in a manner which was not pleasant to them.
I know, too, that they have labored under
great disadvantages and under circumstances
sufficient to crush the feelings of any lady to
discharge their duties, and to render the ex-
ecutive department acceptable to the Ameri-
can people. I had thought that the circum-
stances under which they were placed would
have called for them the sympathies, the aid,
and the respect of every true American to
support them in their arduous duties. They
have discharged those duties, I think, most
acceptably to those who have been observant
of their position.
I beg leave to make this remark in vindica-
tion of the character of those ladies; and I
regret very much that the gentleman in New
York, against whose integrity and whose char-
acter as a gentleman I shall not impute a sin-
gle word—I mean Mr. Smythe—has been so
imprudent as to mention their names at all.
I think it was wholly improper and entirely
wrong. I should not have made these remarks
had any gentleman in the House of Represent-
atives at the time the subject came up stated
anything in their behalf, and 1 regret now that
I am forced to do it.
I hope the Senate will make the disposition
of this entire subject, with due respect to my
colleague and the Senator from Wisconsin, that
has already been proposed, such as will show
the whole country that the Senate entertain a
proper regard for the character of their mem-
bers here, as well as for the character of this
body, and also of the House of Representa-
tives of the American people.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, too much
allowance can hardly be made for the indigna-
tion a man may feel when his character is in-
juriously drawn into question. I am able, I
trust, to make due allowance for the warmth,
the intensity, the -exaggeration of utterance
into which one might naturally be betrayed,
even in remarks prepared beforehand, did he
stand in the position of the Senator from Wis-
consin; but I cannot listen in silence to an
attack so extraordinary in all respects as that
which the Senator from, Wisconsin has made
Eon Mr. Hulburd , one of my colleagues in the
>use of Representatives.
Mr. Hci.btod, as a citizen of New York and
as one of her Representatives, deserves vindi-
cation here, and deserves it from me. His
representative and personal character has been
somewhat within my observation. I served
with him during the whole of the last Con-
gress in the House of Representatives. I have
known him for years, during which he has oc-
cupied, and occupied with credit, the various
positions to which my colleague here has re-
ferred ; and I deem it fortunate for Calvin T.
Htjlburd that there is a community, great and
intelligent, who know past anything that I can
say, past anything that can be uttered by any
member of this body, whether he deserves to
be gibbeted at the cross-road of public opinion
upon such allegations as have been brought
against him. Sir, I concur with my colleague
entirely when he says that Mr. Hclburd has
"set down naught in malice;" that he has
asserted nothing which he did not believe it
his duty to assert, charged as he was with the
responsibilities which rested upon him.
Sir, nobody need be more delighted than I
am with the esprit du corps which has been so
manifest and demonstrative in this Chamber
on the present occasion. It is refreshing to
witness the disposition which makes every man
spring to his feet when the honor of a member
of this body is impugned. But, sir, let us look
a little at the facts ; the facts as they relate to
Mr. Hulburd ; because I am not going to say
anything now in regard to charges affecting
the Senator from Wisconsin or the Senator
from Tennessee. I only know of this evi-
dence so much as has been read here. What
there is in the printed volume I do not know,
having been unable to read it, or even as other
Senators seem to have read some resumd of it
in the newspapers.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow mo to make a suggestion at this point ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The resolution of the House
does not make any reference whatever to any
printed matter sent to the Senate by the House.
It simply refers to testimony; and that testi-
mony is here, a copy of it in manuscript, which
was read at the Secretary's table.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Missouri is under a misapprehension
about that.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
Maryland will allow me, it is my misfortune to
differ with the Senator from Missouri in this
regard. The resolution which came here does,
in clear language, transmit to the Senate all
the evidence taken by the committee, be it
more or less, which, however remotely, reflects
upon any member of this body; and therefore
the whole printed evidence, manually sent
here, as it need not have been, becaupe it was
upon our tables in theory of law, is a part of
the evidence of which I am speaking. I have
not read it, and have nothing to say now of
what it proves.
I was proceeding to say that Mr. Hulburd,
being chairman of one of the standing commit-
tees of the House, not chairman of a special
committee moved or instigated by himself, but
chairman of a standing committee, was, with
his associates, charged to make a certain in-
vestigation. What was it? Did it aim at
the Senator from Tennessee or the Senator
from Wisconsin, or any other member of this
body? Not at all. It aimed at suspected
abuses in the administration of the public
business at the port of New York. He en-
tered upon that investigation, as it'was his
duty to do; and I regretted that the Senator
from Wisconsin saw fit to reflect upon liim for
acting as a "scavenger," tripping upon some
expression which Mr. Hulburd seems to have
employed in the haste of debate. Whether
termed in one way or another, it was his duty
to investigate the matter which was given him
in charge. He did so. In the course of that
investigation, incidentally and unavoidably, so
far as regards any prevention the committee
was bound to adopt, the testimony came out
here and there, and again, which did in some
degree "apparently affect," in the language
of this resolution, a member, or more than one
member of the Senate. That testimony was
reported to the House. All the testimony
taken was reported. Was any impropriety
committed in reporting it? It was obligatory
upon the committee to report it, and the com-
mittee did report it, accompanied, I presume,
with a recitation of the conclusions it tended
to establish. I do not understand the report
itself to be assailed for what it contained not
found in the evidence, nor for what it omitted
which could have been found in the evidence.
That being the state of the matter, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, in his place here, put in
denials touching himself, as did the Senator
from Tennessee. Both of them—-I remember
more particularly the expression of the Sena-
tor from Tennessee, because it required, in his
own estimation, an apology to the Senate for
the strength of the language—both of those
denials, if they did not directly bring into
question the integrity of the chairman of the
committee who had submitted the evidence
and made the report, at least impugned his
action so far as to involve his integrity or that
of the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Will the
Senator from New York yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. CONKLING. With great pleasure.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. In the
strong language that I used on a former occa-
sion I did not mean to reflect upon the com-
mittee at all. I reflected upon the testimony,
not upon the committee, because I did not
suppose any member of the committee in-
tended to do me injustice. I am satisfied they
did not.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am
speaking with nothing before me, with no op-
portunity to look, as I had had no occasion to
look, at anybody's language, and must there-
fore rely upon my recollection of the statement
as I heard it. But I ask the Senate, and I ask
the Senator from Tennessee, whether the
essence of his statement was not that the
assertion or allegation made by this committee
—perhaps his expression  vas " a charge made
by the committee"—was false, adding a very
strong measure of falsehood?
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Yes, I
said so; but I referred exclusively to the testi-
mony, not to the conclusion at which the com-
mittee had arrived. I did not reflect upon the
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, it
may be so. The use of terms is critical, and
the understanding of terms is critical. Mr.
Hulbcrd understood evidently that he and his
committee were assailed, and accordingly, in
his place in the House, he replied, endeavoring
to show that he had done the duty with which
he had been charged, and nothing more.
The next we hear of these proceedings, the
House having revived its committee and in-
structed it to continue its custom-house investi-
gations, without any connivance or action of
any sort by the committee, as appears from
cross-examination of the witness Hull, which
has been read, there is brought to the knowl-
edge of the committee, by a member of the
House, the existence of a witness who has
something important to relate. His testimony
was taken; taken after the Senator [Mr. Doo-
little] had complained in this Chamber that
the committee had delivered to the House, to
be made public, testimony which reflected upon
him without giving him notice; and, having
taken the testimony, in place of pursuing the
