306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 23,
tion, to whom should we leave it? To. whom
is -it left to execute these laws if not to the
President? How can we aid him, how can we
hinder him, liow can we guide him in that which
the Constitution leaves expressly to him? All
we know about it is that the individual to exe-
cute these laws is fixed and determined for the
present. He will execute them, or he will not;
one of the two. He will discharge his duty, or
he will fail to discharge it. I do not know, it
is not given to me to foreknow which he will
do; but if he discharges his duty he will sat-
isfy me as a citizen, as a lover of my country.
If lie fails to discharge his duty, he will do my
political friends more service than they will do
themselves by staying here. So I think, with
all the rest of the Senate, that wp had better
adjourn on Tuesday next, because our legisla-
tion is completed. I would be glad to coma
back earlier than the time suggested; but I
think the country will survive until December
if we do not come back.
Mr. NYE. I wish to submit to the Senate
one or two considerations why I think Congress
should not adjourn at this particular period. I
know the inconvenience to which it will put a
number of individuals, and I deeply sympathize
and share with them in their desiie to go home.
The news of the passage of the law calling
Congress together on the 4th day of March I
received while on the Pacific coast. I know
that there, by the lovers of their country, the
passage of that law was hailed with great joy.
The understanding of the object of the passage
of that law was that Congress was to remain at
least in a position where they would be able to
do all that they could do in saving the country
at this critical moment. I have been told since
I came here that the only object of calling this
session of Congress at that unusual time was to
organize the two Houses of Congress. I know
that was not the object the people thought it
was called for, simply to organize the two
Houses of Congress. They thought, and think
still, that the exigencies of the country required
that Congress should be in a position to assem-
ble at least speedily in view of any emergency
that may occur.
One more suggestion, sir. We all know that
there are now strong efforts being made—and
I doubt not they will succeed—to test the con-
stitutionality of the reconstruction bill. The
President declares in his message to-day that
the measure is unconstitutional. He declares
that the oath contained in that bill, submitted
by my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
is unconstitutional. Suppose that upon the
assembling of the Supreme Court of the United
States next month that court should hold upon
some issue made up that thai portion or any
portion or all of that bill was unconstitutional,
what then, sir? The bill of course fails; re-
construction stops, for there is no law under
which these States can be reconstructed. Con-
gress has asserted the fact, in which I fully
believe, that it is its duty to prescribe the rules
and the law of reconstruction. Suppose that
next month the court declare that this law is
unconstitutional, does any Senator in this body
say that the people would not require Congress
to assemble at once and pass another recon-
struction act that was constitutional ? But. sir,
it would retard, it would stop the whole ma-
chinery of reconstruction, which every one in
this body seeins so anxious should roll along.
In view of these considerations I submit,
with due deference to the assertion of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Wisconsin, that the
legislation of this body is not done till this
givat reconstruction measure is perfected and
carried out. I have not the confidence the
distinguished Senator from Maine has, that the
President would call us together if any emer-
gency should arise. On the other hand, I
ihiuk if he had the power he would prorogue
us. He would do what the distinguished Sen-
ator from Illinois did on one occasion with the
Legislature of that State: he would send us
home, and he would never call one of us back.
For that I do not blame him. He will not
convene Congress. It is to my mind clear that
an emergency is quite likely to arise in which
Congress should convene. I hope Senators,
with all their anxiety to go home, will have an
eye to their higher and greater duty of carrying
out the great work of reconstruction which they
have so nobly begun.
Mr. CONNESS. We have been asked sev-
eral times in connection with this question of
adjournment, why this Congress was called
together. It appears to me that there has been
a sufficient answer in the work done since the
convening of the new Congress. If any other
answer need be given it might be found in the
desire that some of us had who had been
here a long time, and to whom legislation is
not new, but rather tiresome, to give the junior
members of the body, our respected and valued
associates, a chance to get into harness. We
have given them that, I think ; and they have
no right to complain. I know they have not
availed themselves of the opportunity that we
have generously given them to any great ex-
tent. That, however, cannot affect my hon-
orable friend from Nevada. That cannot be
the difficulty in his case, because he has been
hero a good while. It is true the condition of
my friend's health for a considerable period
at the beginning of the late session, and in-
deed until nearly its close, prevented his at-
tendance ; and it may be that on that account
he feels so refreshed as to give him an equal
desire with our new and respected associates
to enter upon the great business of running
this institution, which my friend from Illinois
describes as the ship of state. It appears to
me, Mr. President, that the ship of state had
better be let alone for awhile ; that as wise
merchants, if we feel an ownership in the ship
and an interest in her, we had bettor take care,
after having made profitable voyages, how we
enter upon others, particularly how we enter
upon a period when there are no markets for
our commodities; when the people with whom
we have to deal are rather afraid that we will
enter their harbors and disturb their transac-
tions.
I am inclined to think that the Senate is
right in the groat, vote it has given in favor of
adjourning this Congress after wo have done
our work well and truly, and I may say com-
pletely, and, so far as I can judge, to the
country's satisfaction. We had better confirm
that decision and prepare to go hence. We
shall have abundant time hereafter.
As to these allusions made to the President,
and the inference deduced from the, declara-
tions found in the message that has been read
to us to-day, as to his disposition or indisposi-
tion to cxecute the laws, I have 110 fear ou that
point. ] have 110 fear that the President will
not execute the laws we have passed, and cer-
tainly I would not tell the country now that I
had such a fear. We have been—I was going
to make an observation that I shall not make—
we have been told by some that the President
should bo impeached and turned out of otlice.
If there be any persons in the land,who desire
that that should be done, or who*thiuk it ought
to be done, it appears to me that they particu-
larly would be^glad to give the President an
opportunity to fail to execute the laws. Laws
of a very distinctive character have been passed
not meeting his approbation, but condemned
by him. Let the Executive run the ship of state
for awhile, his part of it. Let us not under-
take to be in the forecastlc and in the cabin at
the same time. The whole craft does not be-
long to us. It is true that we have a big inter-
est in her, so big that we have felt it our duty,
and shall always I trust feel it our duty, to
prevent anybody from wrecking her; but that
interest, great as it is, does not authorize us to
seize her and make her the sport of our will
entirely and completely.
Mr. President, there are two sides to all these
questions, and having doue our duty in our
sphere, and as I believe done it well, let us
cease for awhile that others may enter upon
the performance of theirs. The honorable
Senator from Maine when he was up did not
intimate, I think, that the President would
convene us as a Congress for legislative busi-
ness ; but in reply to the suggestion that there
was executive business to be done which had
not been attended lo, he said the President
would reconvene the Senate, as he will un-
doubtedly by proclamation when we shall have
only executive business to do ; but I think it is
time Congress in its legislative capacity should
cease and determine.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. FOWLER. ,1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a single
remark as to the argument derived from the
fact that a law was passed providing for this
session. I did not particularly favor that law;
but I acquiesced in its adoption, for the reason
that at that time there was no plan of recon-
struction even proposed, and it was not then
known whether at the last session of Congress
any plan would be suggested or consummated.
It so happened that subsequent to that time
a plan was brought forward which has been
adopted, a complete and perfect plan of recon-
struction. The doors of the Union are open
to the southern people, and they can walk in
whenever they please to comply with our terms.
This session, as I understand it, was provided
for so that in case no legislation should be had
at the last session such as the exigency de-
manded thero would be a session in which we
might prosecute the necessary legislation. But,
«ir, I do not understand that the Fortieth Con-
gress was convened on the 4th of March for
the purpose of watching the Executive or of
transacting executive business, and I have not
yet been able to see in what respect our pres-
ence here will control the President of the
United States. He will be as much at liberty
to execute the law or fail to execute the law
if we remain in session as if we adjourn ; and
we know from experience that the President
will do as he sees proper whether Congress is
or is not in session. I remember last summer
when it was proposed to adjourn that many
members of Congress expressed great appre-
hension that there was grave danger in our
adjournment, and many argued that it was
necessary that we should protract the session
throughout the summer, because if we left herei
we should be leaving everything in the hands
of the President. But, sir, the wisest thing
the Thirty-Ninth Congress ever did was to
adjourn when it did, and let the President take
his own course. The consequence was that
he "swung round the circle," and in that
way, in my humble opinion, he saved this coun-
try, or to a very great extent helped to save the
country to the Union party. If we had re-
mained here in session the President would
necessarily have lemained. The fact that no
evil followed our adjournment then, notwith-
standing the predictions which were made that
it would be dangerous, satisfies me now that
after wo have completed this plan of recon-
struction, after the President has appointed the
commanders to carry it out, who arc entirely
satisfactory to the Union men of the country,
there is no particular danger in our adjourning
at this time, and 110 particular benefit will fol-
low if we remain ; and so far as I understand
the wishes of the people, I think they desire
some little repose. There has been a constant
agitation ever since Congress assembled, polit-
ical, commercial, financial agitation. Now let
us adjourn, and let things settle down. Let
us ascertain how this experiment which we are
about to try will operate. If satisfactorily, all
will be well; if not, we have a remedy when
we meet again.
Mr. DitAKE. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Oregon whether he has anjr informa-
tion that if we adjourn now the President will
"swing round the circle" again? [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no other guide
by which to judge but experience.
Mr. i'OWLEk. I submitted a motion to
adjourn because I did not wish to hear this
protracted debate. I have been ready to vote
