1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
this country just after one law Expired and
before another commenced. This plow is now
in the eity of Philadelphia, in the State in
part represented by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and as soon as this bill becomes a
law will be taken West and nsed for experi-
mental purposes upon the prairies of Illinois
or Iowa.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
whether it would not answer the gentleman's
purpose to say that this section shall only apply
to- steam-plows ?
Mr. ALLISON. I think that the section is
now sufficiently guarded.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If that'is all the gentle-
man wants I do not see why he will not yield
to my colleague's suggestion.
Mr. ALLISON. That is all I want, and I
do not object to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move to add the following proviso :
Provided, That this section shall only apply to
steam-plows.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me the
amendment is unnecessary. The section only
applies to steam agricultural implements. If
there be any other steam agricultural imple-
ment why not let it come in also? It is narrow
enough now. If you amend the bill it will
have to go back to the Senate, and in the brief
time we are to remain here I think we should
avoid that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is too
broad as it is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think there
is any danger of the importation of any for-
eign iron or steel under this section.
Mr. ALLISON. This section is only in-
tended to apply to steam-plows, and therefore
I have no objection to the gentleman's amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. As the bill is to go back to
the Senate I want it to go back in good Eng-
lish. There is no such word as " experiment-
ation."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Cannot we make
it by law ? [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. What does the gentleman
suggest in its place?
Mr. BROOKS. "Experimentalpurposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Second amendment of the Senate :
Amend the title by adding, " and for other pur-
poses."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in: and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIEIRS 01" JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
The next business on the Speaker s table
were the amendments of the Senate to House
joint resolution No. 8, directing the Secretary
of the Interior to suspend the execution of a
law j^assed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress for
the relief of.the heirs of John E. Bouligny.
First amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the following:
"Whereas during the last hours of the Thirty-A mtn
Congress an act was passed, without discussion, tor
the relief of the heirs of John E. Bouligny, granting
to said heirs landwarrants for seventy-live thousand
ci'ht hundred and forty acres of land; and whereas
bv the solemn judgment and decision of the bupreme
Court of the United States, after full hearing, it was
in theyeai-1853 adjudged that the private land claim
on which said net is based was invalid, null,and void;
and whereas Mr. Justice Nelson, who delivered the
opinion of the court, declared that there was no rec-
ord evidence of any such land grant as was set up,
"that none had hoen produced, though a thorough
examination of the archives of tha.t date, both at >tew
Orleans and Paris, had been made, and no records
could bo found;" and whereas ltwas also declared, by
said Judge Nelson that there was not the slightest
ground lor the claim set up to a tract of land lun
ning back from the Mississippi river to the A cha a-
laya; and that, at the most, the Petitioners could not
claim, under any grant or survey, over two thousand
five hundred or three thousand acres, instead ot
about half a million; the report of which decision is
found in 15 Howard's Reports, page 14; and whereas
said private land claim, after fall review by Hon. M.
Burchard, Solicitor of the General Land Office, in
1838, was declared as invalid and void; and whereas
said pretended private land claim had its origin in
1717, and was a part of the celebrated Mississippi
scheme, with "which John La.w. known for his eon-
neetion with the South Sea bubble, was a party; and
whereas to revive and legalize this claim will revive
and legalize claims to the amount of many millions
of acres; and whereas there is grave reason for
believing that said a.ct was passed under a misappre-
hension of the facts: Therefore.
Mr. WOODBRIDGrE. At the last session
a bill was passed by both Houses, and was
approved by the President, giving certain relief
to the heirs of John E. Bouligny. At the com-
mencement of this session of the Fortieth Con-
gress the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] introduced alongresolution charg-
ing that there was no foundation for the claim,
that it was reported against the evidence, that
it was illegal, and asking, that the law should
be virtually repealed. When it is proposed
upon the statement made by the gentleman
from Wisconsin against the reports of the com-
mittees and the votes of the two Houses vir-
tually to repeal existing law, it strikes me as
eminently proper it should be sent to the Law
Committee of the House to ascertain whether
the charges made are correct or not. It is an
improper and dangerous way of repealing a
law by the passage of a joint resolution of this
character without reference to any committee
for examination. I believe it is unheard of
that a law upon the statute-book shall be
stricken out merely because a gentleman states
it is an improper law, without investigation by
the appropriate committee.
As this involves questions of law merely I
think the Judiciary Committee is the one that
should investigate the whole matter. I have
some feeling on this subject from the fact that
the course of the gentleman from Wisconsin
is an imputation upon the committees of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress which reported and the
two Houses which passed this bill.
If there was anything wrong in the passage
of this bill, if upon further examination it is
found that either the committee or the House
were deceived in the matter, I for one will be
ready to repeal the act. But I do say it is
just to the claimants, to the committees, and to
the Thirty-Ninth Congress that this resolution
should be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary for'investigation of its merits, to ascer-
tain whether these charges that have been pre-
ferred to the bill, to say nothing more, are true
or not. I hope at least that the House will
sufficiently consider this matter, in which there
areinvolved so large private interests, and allow
the com mittee to give it a fair investigation. Iam
sure the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] cannot be influenced in this matter by pri-
vate feelings. I would not charge him with such
motives; Idonotbelievehecauentertain them;
and if he does not, he certainly can have no ob-
jection to having the whole matter investigated ,
in its legal aspects by the Committee on the |
Judiciary. I hope he will make no objection.
I certainly can see no impropriety in it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cer-
tainly must object to this reference. The gen-
tleman well knows that if this Congress does
not act promptly the law will be executed. Be-
fore a committee has time to examine and
report upon it these parties may have then-
land warrants in their pockets and may go into
the market and dispose of them. 1 have no
personal feeling in this matter further than a
desire to do my duty. I became acquainted
with this case long before I kn?w there was
any such person in existence as John fi. Bou-
ligny, and 1 made up my mind as to the char-
acter of the claim then. .. .
In regard to the facts which 1 stated, in the
preamble of the resolution, I have only to say
this : that when I shall have time accorded \$>
me for that purpose, I shall be able to demon-
strate every fact slated by me. I .do not feel
iustilied in occupying the attention of the
House now for that purpose. I will simply
state this fact,: that the Senate of the United
States, having been put upon the inquiry by this
resolution, referred it to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims of that branch, the same
committee that reported the former bill, where-
upon that committee reversed its fiction. And
if you will look at the discussion which is re-
ported in the Globe of to-dayyou will find that
the Senator from Oregon declared that it was
the most astonishing case of mistake that ever
came before Congress. He states the circum-
stances under which it was passed. The Sen-
ate had taken for granted the statement made
by the chairman of the Committee on Private
Land Claims, who stood high in the confidence
of that body. But upon a review of the case,
the present chairman of the same committee
stated that under no circumstances of the ease
can there be a valid grant to exceed eight or
nine thousand acres, instead of four hundred
and fifty thousand. I ask gentlemen to look
at the discussion which took place in the Sen-
ate yesterday and day before. I do not wish
to take up the time of the House now, but if
this shall go back to be revised I hope the
gentleman from Vermont may have an oppor-
tunity of examining it, and I promise that I
will demonstrate, if it should ever again come
before the House, that everything I stated in
the preamble of the resolution is true.
Mr. WOODBRIDGrE. With the permission
of the gentleman I propose to have this re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
because there is no committee now appointed
in the Fortieth Congress on Private" Land
Claims, and that committee may not be ap-
pointed for a month to come, and I think it
nothing but right that these parties should have
a chance to have the question investigated by
a committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is well
known that Congress will adjourn in a few
days. If it does, there will be no opportunity
to examine and report upon this resolution ;
so that the effect of the reference will be that
this law will be executed before Congress meets
again. For that reason I am opposed to the
reference. Were it otherwise I might not ob-
ject. I would inquire of the Chair if the mo-
tion to concur does not take precedence of the
motion to refer ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to concur is pending, and the gentleman from
Vermont moves, pending that motion, to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. If the previous question is seconded
the House will first vote on the motion to refer,
and if that is not carried then the question
will recur upon the motion to concur in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I yield
to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, in addition to
what I said when this was up the other day, I
merely wish now to add that in my opinion,
under the whole situation of the case as it
now stands, the House should non-concur in
the amendment of the Senate, and then, let
the resolution be referred to the appropriate
committee for thorough examination. If the
claim is meritorious it will be so found ; if not,
then the finding will be accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection, to the amendment of the Senate
striking out the preamble. All I want is that
this matter shall be'hung up until Congress
shall again investigate-it, so that every one
may have the opportunity to examine the case
for himself. Now, inasmuch as it has been
alleged that there is error in that preamble,
as I" have already stated, whenever I shall have
an opportunity to do so I can demonstrate its
correctness. ..
There is, perhaps, some misunderstanding
growing out of the question as to whether the
Supreme Court of the United States, having
decided that they had no jurisdiction, had any
authority to go on and declare, as they did
declare, that the claim was invalid. 1 wilt not
dispute that point, for it is the same that was
involved in the Dred Scott decision. Lut liav-
ioc decided that they had no jurisdiction.
Judge Nelson proceeded to state, m which
