312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
statement a majority of the court agreed, that
even if the court had jurisdiction the claim
was not a valid one. A minority of the, court
declared thatj as the court had no jurisdiction,
they would not go into the examination of the
merits of the ease. Now, if there is any mis-
statement of fact in the preamble, it arises from
that fact. I stated that the Supreme Court
decided that the claim was illegal j though at
the same time they decided that there was no
jurisdiction. In regard to the other facts
recited in the preamble, I think there can be
no dispute-
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a few words
in reference to this case, because I was a mem-
ber of the Committee on Private Land Claims
in the Senate which reported the bill that this
joint resolution proposes to suspend. This joint
resolution as it passed the House, especially
the preamble with which it was prefaced, was
not very complimentary to the committee of
this House or the committee of the Senate that
reported the original bill. Now, I agree that
if the facts which are stated in that preamble
are true, then it was a very gross blunder on
the committees who reported that bill, and
quite as gross a blunder on the part of each
House which passed it. I think, therefore, it
is due to the committees and to both Houses
that before we substantially repeal the present
law the subject should be referred to u com-
mittee for further consideration. We should
not, upon an tx,parte statemeut in a preamble
introduced by a member of this House, sub-
stantially repeal a law which both Houses have
united in passing after it had been reported
upon favorably by committees of both Houses.
Therefore it seems to me that the motion of
my colleague, [Mr. Woodhridgs.] that this
joint resolution should be sent to a committee
to be further examined, should be agreed to,
as due not only to those who are interested in
this claim, but to the committees who before
examined the subject.
Now, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] objects to this course on the
ground that unless wo pass this joint resolution,
unless we have instantaneous action upon this
subject by Congress, the Secretary of the In-
terior will act under the law and will issue
warrants for the land. Now, I apprehend that
there is no danger that any Department of the
Government will so act while there is^ending
before Congress a proposition substantially to
repeal that law.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] one siugle
question, because I have very great respect for
bis opinion. Jf we shall pursue this couise
which he advises us to pursue, then what guar-
antee will we have thatthesejand warrants will
not be issued? This subject cannot be actcd
upon by any committee before the next session
of Congress, and by that time the land will be
sold, and it will pass into the hands of inno-
cent purchasers, and the Government will have
no redress at all. On the other hand, if we act
upon this matter as proposed by this joint res-
olution, no injury will result to the Govern-
ment or to any one.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I think one
very good answer is this: I do not believe
that any officer at the head of an/Department
of this Government would undertake to exe-
cute a law, in a case involving the payment of
money or the issue of warrants for laud, while
a bill or resolution for the repeal of that law
was pending. But, Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] or the gen-
tleman who is the author of this resolution, has
not confidence enough in the Secretary of the
Interior to believe that he will not execute the
law while this proposition for its repeal is
pending, I for one am perfectly willing that this
resolution shall be so amended as to forbid the
Secretary of the Interior to execute the law of
last session while this matter is being exam-
ined by a committee of this House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
what we ask and propose to accomplish by this
resolution: that the act of last session shall be i
suspended until the case shall be revised by
the proper committee.
Mr. POLAND. The objection to the reso-
lution in the form in which it stands is that it
operates substantially as a repeal of the law,
and if it be passed the parties interested will be
obliged to come before Congress and again go
through with this matter; while I think the
burden should be thrown upon those who say
that this is an unjust claim. The case having
been investigated by committees of both Houses,
and the act having been passed by both Houses,
it should stand until it be shown by those who
oppose this claim that it is unjust. It should
not be substantially repealed upon the mere
statement of a member or a suggestion that the
question has been acted upon by a committee
of the other House, or a recital of what has
been said in debate by a member of the Senate.
These, it seems to me, constitute very unsatis-
factory grounds upon which to act in a matter
of this kind.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the House will
adopt the motion of my colleague, to refer this
resolution to a committee and have the ques-
tion investigated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I will say to the gentleman from Ver-
mont that in offering this preamble and resolu-
tion I intended no reflection upon the com-
mittee that considered the subject in the last
Congress or upon the action of either House.
The gentleman says that tho passage of this
resolution will placo the committee in a bad
position before the country. Sir, I cannot
help that. If on their recommendation an
unjust and unwise act has been passed, it is
very proper that it should be corrected ; and
there is no reason why they should not shoulder
the responsibility which may attach to their
action. I desire also to say that if this res-
olution should now be referred, and this case
should not be finally disposed of, the Secre-
tary of the Interior will have no right to refuse
to execute the law of last session. He will be
bound to execute it when called on by the
parties interested.
If gentlemen wifl but take the pains to exam-
ine the discussion which has taken place in the
Senate within the last few days, they will be
convinced that there is really no justice in this
claim. This resolution does not repeal the
law already passed; but, sir, I Jiave no hesita-
tion in saying that such will be the effect of it;
for gentlemen may rely upon it that neither
this nor any other Congress will ever sanction
this claim hereafter.
I yield for a few moments to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to say only a word or two in regard to this
matter. It strikes me very forcibly that the
course which the gentleman from Wisconsin
asks the House to take in regard to this meas-
ure is not only extraordinary, but unprece-
dented, and it seems to me that it cannot be
justified on any sound principles of legisla-
tion. Here is a measure which has been pend-
ing hefore Congress for a number of years. It
has been before the regular committees of both
Houses, and has been time and again passed
upon favorably. It has passed one and the
other House of Congress in a number of Con-
gresses, but has failed to pass both at the same
Congress from want of time. Now, everybody
knows in reference to private claims of this
kind, unless there is some person to follow it
up, it is almost impossible to get any action of
the two Houses. It is, I believe, unheard of
in the legislation of the country when a meas-
ure has undergone the ordeal to which t have
referred, when a law has passed both Houses
of Congress, and been approved by the Presi-
dent, to agree on the mere statement of a single
member, I care not how high is his standing,
to repeal that law, and that, too, without let-
ting the motion for repeal undergo any investi-
gation by any committee of this House.
If this passes it is_a repeal of this law; and
I care not how meritorious the measure may
h<\ this widow and her children will not get
anything from the Government. It is extraor-
dinary, that we should in this hurried way,
without the least inquiry, repeal a law reported
by -such an able committee as we had in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, at the head of which
was the gentleman from Philadelphia, Mr.
Thayer; and, sir, I have it from his own mouth
that he gave the measure a careful personal
investigation. He is, as everybody here who
knew him will admit, an able lawyer and a
gentleman of unquestioned integrity. Now,
sir, a proposition brought before the House
with all these guarantees, carefully examined
by committees and deliberately agreed to by
both Houses, to be repealed without reference
to any committee, I say is not only extraor-
dinary, but unprecedented; certainly unwar-
ranted by any principle by which a legislative
body should be governed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin It i3
stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims in the Senate that on
reexamination it has been found a great mis-
take has been made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will remind gentlemen that it is in violation of
the rules to refer to what has taken place in
the other branch of Congress. This House
must act irrespective of the other.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If, then,
the gentleman will look in the Globe he will
find it stated there by a gentleman who is to
be believed, and who occupies a high position,
that under no state of the case did the claim
of these parties exceed eight or nine thousand
acres instead of four hundred and fifty thou-
sand, as provided for in the law proposed to
be repealed. If he believes that, would it be
right for us to arrest that legislation? If it is
unprecedented, would it not be well for us to
establish that kind of precedent? I hope cases
like this are unprecedented; I know of none
other during my service here.
Mr. MARSHALL. If this claim be fraudu-
lent, certainly no member of this Congress
ought to wish it to be paid; but what 1 say is
that it is unprecedented, and contrary to all
sound principles of legislation, that this House
should repeal a law for relief in a private claim
which was passed, after careful deliberation,
by a joint resolution, which has been referred
to no committee for investigation and report.
Mr. BSUTWELL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion, whether upon knowledge this House now
has, both from statements made by its own
members upon this floor, and from information
received from other trustworthy sources, it is
not probable a very great mistake has been
committed by which this country is to be de-
prived of a pretty large quantity of land of
considerable value to the Government; and
whether that being so, it is not the duty of the
Representatives of the people to arrest this
proceeding until an investigation can be had?
Mr. MARSHALL. In answer to that I wish
to say I see no propriety in the action pro-
posed in this case any more than in any other
case where a suggestion has been made by a
member that a law has been passed which
ought not to have been passed. I do not ob-
ject to the investigation of this measure in a
proper way, and to repeal it if that shall be
found necessary.
But it is said that this Congress is about to
adjourn. If you pass this proposition it will
be a virtual defeat of this measure forever,
whether it is just or not. This widow and her
orphan children witu all these discouragements
will in all probability never again prosecute
their claim. It has been here lor year after
year. I understand it passed the House when
the gentleman from Wisconsin was a member,
and on the report of the committee of which
he also was a member. It has been passed
time and again. I do not say it should not be
investigated again, but after the solemn action
of Congress 1 do say that it should not be
repealed and set aside without the subject
being referred to any oommittee for examina-
tion on the mere ezgarU statement of a mem-
ber of this House.
