314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
false swearing, nor fix any penalty for the
offense, -we must not forget that martial law
prevails, that every person is answerable to a
military commission, without previous present-
ment by a grand jury for any charge that may
be made against liim; and that the supreme
authority of the military commander deter-
mines the question as to what is an offense
and what is to be the measure of punishment.
The fourth section of the bill provides—
That tlio commanding general of each districtshall
appoint as many boards of registration as may be
necessary, consisting of throe loyal officers or persons.
The only qualification stated for these offi-
cers is that they must be "loyal." They may
be persons in the military service or civilians,
residents of the State or strangers. Yet these
persons are to exercise most important duties,
and are vested with unlimited discretion.
They are to decide what names shall be placed
upon the register, and from their decision
there is to be no appeal. They are to superin-
tend the elections, and to dccide all questions
which may arise. They are to have the cus-
tody of the ballots, and to make return of the
persons elected. Whatever frauds or errors
they may commit must pass without redress.
All that is left for the commanding general is
to rcceive the returns of the elections, open the
same, and ascertain who are chosen ''accord-
ing to the returns of the officers who conducted
said elections." By such means, and with this
sort of agency, are the conventions of dele-
gates to be constituted.
As the delegates are to speak for the people,
common justice would seem to require that
they should' have authority from the people
themselves. No convention so constituted will
in any sense represent the wishes of the inhab-
itants of those States; for under the all-em-
bracing exceptions of these laws, by a con-
struction which the uncertainty of the clause
as to disfranchisement leaves open to the board
of officers, the great body of the people may be
excluded from the polls and from all opportu-
nity of expressing their own wishes, or voting
for delegates who will faithfully reflect their
sentiments.
1 do not deem it necessary furthei to inves-
tigate the details of this bill. No consideration
could induce me to give my approval to such
an election law for any purpose, and especially
for the great purpose of framing the constitu-
tion of a State. If ever the American citizen
should be left to the free exercise of his own
judgment it is when he is engaged in the work
of forming the fundamental law under which
he is lo iivo. That work is his work, and it
cannot properly bo taken out of his hands.
AU this legislation proceeds upon the contrary
assumption, thai the people of each of these
States shall have no constitution except such
as may bo arbitrarily dictated by Congress
and lormed under the restraint of military
rule. A plain statement of facts makes this
evident.
J n all these States there are existing consti-
tutions, formed in the accustomed way by the
people. Congress, however, declares that these
constitutions arc not ''loyal and republican,"
and requires the people to form thorn anew.
What then, in the opinion of Congress, is
necessary to make the constitution of a State
"loyal and republican?" The original act
answers the question: it ia universal negro
suffrage—a question which the Federal Consti-
tution leaves to the States themselves. All
this legislative machinery of martial law, mili-
tary coercion, and political disfranchisement
is avowedly for that purpose and none other.
The existing constitutions of the ten States
conform to the acknowledged standards of
loyalty and republicanism. Indeed, if there
are degrees in republican forms of government
their constitutions are more republican now
than when these States—four of which were,
members of the original thirteen—first became
members of the Union.
Congress does not now demand that a sin-
gle provision of their constitutions be changed,
except such as confine suffrage to the white
population. It is apparent,' therefore, that
these provisions do not conform to the stand-
ard of republicanism which Congress seeks to
establish. That there be no. mistake, it is only
necessary that reference should be made to the
original act, which declares—
"Such constitution shall provide that the elective
franchise shall be enjoyed by all such persons as
have the qualifications herein stated for electors of
delegates."
What class of persons is here meant clearly
appears iu the same section. That is to say:
"The male citizens of said State, twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition, who havo been resident in said State for
one year previous to the day of such election."
Without these provisions no constitution
which can be framed in any one of the ten
States will be of any avail with Congress. This,
then, is the test of what the constitution of a
State of this Union must contain to make it
republican. Measured by such a standard, how
few of the States now composing the Union have
republican constitutions? If, in the exercise
of the constitutional guarantee that Congress
shall secure to every State a republican form
of government, universal suffrage for blacks as
well as whites is a sine qua non, the work of
reconstruction may as well begin in Ohio as in
Virginia, in Pennsylvania as in North Carolina.
When I contemplate the millions of our
fellow-citizens of the South, with no alterna-
tive left but to impose upon themselves this
fearful and untried experiment of complete
negro enfranchisement and white disfranchise-
ment, it may be almost as complete, or sub-
mit indefinitely to the rigor of martial law,
without a single attribute of freemen, deprived
of all the sacred guarantees of our Federal
Constitution, and threatened with even worse
wrongs, if any worse are possible, it seems to
me their condition is the most deplorable to
which any people can be reduced. It is true
that they have been engaged in rebellion, and
that their object being a separation of the
States and a dissolution of the Union, there
was an obligation resting upon every loyal
citizen to treat them as enemies and Lo wage
war against their cause.
Inflexibly opposed to any movement imper-
iling the integrity of the Government, I did
not hesitate to urge the adoption of all meas-
ures necessary for the suppression of the insur-
rection. After a long and terrible struggle the
efforts of the Government wore triumphantly
successful, and the people of the South, sub-
mitting to the stern arbitrament, yielded for-
ever the issues of the contcst. Hostilities ter-
minated soon after it became my duty to assume
the responsibilities of the Chief Executive offi-
cer of the Republic, and I at once^endcavored
to repress and control the passions .which out-
civil strife had engendered, and, no longer
regarding these erring millions as enemies,
again acknowledged them as our friends and
our countrymen. The war had accomplished
its objects. The nation was saved, and that
seminal principle of mischief which, from the
birth of the Government, had gradually but
inevitably brought on the rebellion was totally
eradicated. _ Then, it seemed to me, was the
auspicious time to commence the work of re-
conciliation ; then, when the people sought
once more our friendship and protection I
considered it our duty generously to meet them
in the spirit of charity and forgiveness, and to
conquer them even more effectually by the
magnanimity of the nation than by the force
of its arms.
I yet believe that if the policy of reconcilia-
tion then inaugurated, and which contemplated
an early restoration of these people to all their
political rights, had received the support of
Congress, every one of these ten States, and
all their people, would at this moment be fast
anchored in the Union, and the great work
which gave the war all its sanction, and made
it just and holy, would have been accomplished.
Then, over all the vast and fruitful regions of
the South peace and its blessings would have
prevailed, while now millions are deprived of
rights guarantied by the Constitution to every
citizen, and after nearly two years of legisla-
tion find themselves placed under' an absolute
military despotism. "A military Republic—
a government formed on mock elections, and
supported only by the swotd," was nearly a
quarter of a century since pronounced by Dan-
iel Webster, when speaking of the South Amer-
ican States, as "a movement, indeed, but a
retrograde and disastrous movement, from the
regular and old-fashioned monarchical sys-
tems," and he added:
" If men would enjoy the blessings of republican
government they must govern themselves byrcason,
by mutual counsel_ and consultation, by a sense and
feeling of general interest, and by the acquiescence
of the minority in the will of the majority, properly
expressed; and, above all, the military must be kept,
according to the language of our Bill of Rights, in
strict subordination to the civil authority. Whcro
ever tins lesson is not both learned and practiced
there can be no political freedom. Absurd, prepos-
terous is it, a scoff and a satire on free forms of con-
stitutional liberty, for forms Of government to bo
prescribed by military leaders, and the right of suf-
frage to be exercised at the point of the sword."
I confidently believe that a time will_ come
when these States will again occupy their true
positions in the Union. The barriers which
now seem so obstinate must yield to the force
of an enlightened and just public opinion, and
sooner or later unconstitutional and oppress-
ive legislation will be effaced from our statute-
books. When this shall have been consum-
mated, I pray God that the errors of the past
may be forgotten, and that once more we shall
be a happy, united, and prosperous people,
and that at last, after the bitter and eventful
experience through which the nation has
passed, we shall all come to know that our
only safety is in the preservation of our Fed-
eral Constitution, and in according to every
American citizen, and to every State the rights
which that Constitution secures.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington", March 23, 1867.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is
now before the House, and the question is,
Will the House, upon reconsideration, pass the
bill, the objections of the President to the con-
trary notwithstanding? On this question the
Constitution requires that the yeas and nays
shall be taken.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—ayes 114, nays 25,
not voting 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Dclos R.
Ashley, J.imes M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beamnn, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwetl,
Broomalt, Btickland, Butler,Cake. Churchill,Header
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covodc.Cullom, Bodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eek-
!ev. Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Fernss, Ferry,
Fields, Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Ilamit-
■ ton, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester I). Hub-
bard, Hulbiud, Hunter, Ingersoll. Judd, Julian, K"el-
ley, Kelsey, Kotcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCturg, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Morrell, Myers, Ncwcomb, O'Neill, Ortli,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schenok, Seolield, Selyc, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Smithy Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Twitchell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van V/yck, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, ilcnrv 1). Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams. William William?, James F. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnes, Boyer, Brooks, Burr,
Chanler, liktridge, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Haight,
Ilolman, Humphrey, Maishall, Morrissey, Muo-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Taber, Van Auken, and Van
Trump—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Bingham, Brom-
well, Dawes,Denisen, Eliot, Griswold, Harding, Asa-
hcl W. Ilubbard, Kerr, George V.Lawrence, Lynch,
McCullough.Moorhead, Morgan, Phelps, Pike, Porn-
oi'oy, Price, Raum, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taylor, Wil-
liam B, Washburn, and Wood—25.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BUCKIjAND. My colleague, Mr. Bing-
ham, is detained at his room by illness. He
voted for the passage of this bill originally;
and I am authorized to state that he would
vote for it now if he were present.
