1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
Mr. KERR. I desire to announce that, -on
this vote I am paired with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] and the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.] Those two
gentlemen, if they were present,, would vote
ay; while I should vote no.
Mr. PERHAM. My colleague, Mr..Lynch,
is necessarily absent. If he were present "he
would vote ay.
Mr. MILLER. I have been requested to
announce that my colleague, Mr. Moorhead,
and the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Price, are
paired with the gentleman from Indiana. Mr.
Kerr. My colleague and the gentleman from
Iowa, if present, would vote ay. ■
I also desire to state that my colleague, Mr.
Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, is necessarily
absent. If he were here he would vote ay.
Mr. LOGAN. My colleague, Mr. Raum, is
absent by leave of the House, on account of
sickness in his family. If he were present he
would vote in the affirmative.
The roll-call having been concluded,
The SPEAKER pro tempore said: On this
question the yeas are 114, the nays 25. Two
thirds of this House having, on reconsidera-
tion, agreed to the passage of this bill, notwith-
standing tlie objections of the President, the
bill with the objections will be sent to the
Senate, that the question of its reconsideration
may be submitted, under the requirement of
the Constitution, to that body.
message erom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 28) to grant to the American
Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company of New
York the right of way and privilege to lay,
land, and operate a submarine telegraph cable
on the Atlantic coast of the United States, and
establish telegraphic communication between
the United States and Europe via the Bermu-
das and Azores islands.
leave of absence.
Mr. JULIAN. On account of sickness of
relatives at home I ask leave of absence for
the remainder of the present session.
Leave was granted.
Mr. COBB. I also ask leave of absence
for the remainder of the session.
Leave was granted.
rights op volunteers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement in regard to an incorrect
print of an important law, which, if it goes un-
corrected, may occasion serious misunder-
standing. It will take me but a few moments
to make the statement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. I s there any
objection to allowing the gentleman from Ohio
to make a statement?
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, by some
rule of the Senate or House, or possibly by a
concurrent resolution of both Houses—I do
not know which—the laws passed from time
to time are printed in the form of House or
Senate documents, and are distributed by mem-
bers for the information of their constituents.
There have been laid upon our desks copies
of a law approved the 2d day of March cur-
rent, the last legislative day of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, entitled "An act declaring and
fixing the rights of volunteers as a part of the
Army." I observe that a very important mis-
take has occurred in printing this law. Five
lines which are included in this_ printed copy
are really no part of the law. The Senate, m
amending the bill, which originated in this
House, proposed to insert the iollowing words,
constituting the clause now erroneously em-
braced in this copy of the law :
And all officers in the Aviiy of the Uuiteil States,
who have served by in the vwuntcev
forces in fhe w.ir fortho snpprofcsi'm of" the rebellion,
shall have vho same rank by brevet in tho Army or
the United States as the highest rank they held by
commission in the volunteer forees, not including
brevet commissions.
The House refused to concur in that amend-
ment, regarding it as unconstitutional, on the
ground that Congress cannot confer brevet
rank upon any class of persons; that this power
can be exercised only by the President with
the concurrence of the Senate. The Senate
receded from their amendment, in accordance
with the recommendation of a committee of
conference, whose report was presented.oa the
last night of the session, the acting Speaker
[Mr. Schenck] being, one of the conferees on
the part of the House. This clause, therefore,
should not be printed as a part of the law; and
any members who are sending away these
printed copies are misleading their constituents.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman will permit
me to ask whether ho has compared this copy
with the text of the original act, on file in the
office of the Secretary of State.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have not done that;
but I have compared it with the engrossed bill
and with the report of the conference com-
mittee on file in the office of the Enrolling
Clerk of the House, who assures me that this
print has been made up by the Public Printer
under the direction of the Senate, without an
examination of the enrolled act in the office of
the Secretary of State.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to make an inquiry in
reference to this matter. I do not know whether
this paper is an authoritative print of the law
or not. If it has been printed under joint res-
olution of the two Houses, I take it that it
would be recognized in any court as the law.
But I do not know that it has been printed in
pursuance of a joint resolution of Congress.
At all events, we ought to do something to pro-
vent this irregular and loose way of printing
our laws.
1 understand that this has not been printed
from the rolls at the State Department, but
from the Clerk's records in one of the Houses
of Congress; and I make this statement so
that it may go into the Globe, and thus notify
members' to correct the error before sending
the document to their constituents. My atten-
tion was called to the subject by an Army
friend who wished to know what the law is in
reference to brevets. My own recollection was
that these words had been stricken out, and on
reference to the chairman of the committee of
conference on the part of the House, and to the
rolls of the Clerk's office, I became satisfied
that this was a misprint. It is a serious blun-
der, and ought to be corrected.
Mr. BLAINE. The law which did pass ac-
tually gave the President the right to confer
brevets, at his discretion, upon the regular offi-
cers who served in the volunteer service; and
it has been published from the Secretary of
State's office officially as the action of Con-
gress. The War Department, as I understand,
is now acting under that law.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am told by a friend
near me that these documents printed by the
House and Senate are really made up from the
public newspapers as the acts are approved
from day to day; which is certainly a loose
and irregular way of giving laws to the coun-
try. I hope the proper committee will see to
it that hereafter whatever is ordered to be
printed and published officially as law shall be
taken from the authentic records, and not from
the daily papers.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. BLAINE. T rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution :
lUiohetl, (the Senate concurring,) Tliat when the
House adiourns on Tuesday next it be to meet on
Monday, November 11, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. BUTLER. Is that a.privileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
i the gentleman will let his resolution lie over
| until Monday next?
I Mr. BLAINE. Let us have a vote on it
1 to-day. I demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will make it one week later.
Mr. BLAINE. It is now one week- later
than the autumn elections. I made it so pur-
posely.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me. '
Mr. BLAINE.^ I withdraw the previous
question, and yield to the gentleman from
Ohio for five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is this
a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is a priv-
ileged question, but not a question of privilege.
Mr. BLAINE. All I desire is to have a vote
on the question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say before the vote is taken that there are now
pending before the President of the United
States several hundred important appoint-
ments of postmasters and other officers that
should be acted upon before we adjourn.
Mr. BLAINE. This does not provide for,
but expressly excludes, the adjournment of the
Senate. It contemplates the sitting of the
Senate until those appointments have been
disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD. The President of the
United States is said to be very anxious to get
the Fortieth Congress away from Washington.
Mr. BROOKS. How do you know that?
Mr. GARFIELD. I take it that a gentle-
man who is so intimate with him as the gentle-
man from New York ought to know something
about it.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. It soems that the gen-
tleman from Ohio is more intimate with the
President, and to have information that we
have not.
Mr. GARFIELD. Of course I have my
information at second-hand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand the Presi-
dent is very desirous to get the Fortieth Con-
gress out of Washington, and if the House is
allowed to adjourn so that there can be no le-
gislation, he will be in less haste to make these
appointments. But if the two Houses shall
agree to this resolution ho may at the very last
hour send his appointments to the Senate and
that body will be compelled either to reject them,
and thus leave many important offices vacant, or
to accept men to fill them who are not accept-
able to the people. I hope that both Houses
will sit here until these important appointments
are made; and that, if need be, there will be
rejections again and again until the wishes of
the people have been complied'with. When
this is done we should adjourn and give the
business of the country a little rest. I am anx-
ious for an early adjournment, but I hope we
shall first see that the vacancies now existing
in the several Departments are properly filled.
It is quite possible that we may be able to ad-
journ on the day named in the resolution. I
hope we may; but I think it unwise for us to
say so now, and thus put ourselves in the Presi-
dent's power. We have undertaken to protect
the people against his policy; let us^complete
the work; and if on the morning of Tuesday
next we find ourselves able to adjourn that day
let us then say so, and go home.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAINE. In one moment. I do not
understand what Congress has to do with ex-
ecutive appointments. I do understand that
it may be extremely necessaiy for the Senate
to remain in session, and tins resolution contem-
plates nothing else than that it may remain, if
necessary, until next December in continuous
session, "or until the appointments arc satis-
factorily settled. But let mo say that sitting
here and passing general resolutions will do
nothing but delay appointments^ They will
be made earlier if the House adjourn, in my
opinion, than if wo sit her".
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend yield me
ten minutes9
Mr. BLAINE I do not yield ten minutes ;
