1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 25, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
MIXTIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of the speedy!
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad
and telegraph ■ line; which were referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of an appropria-
tion to improve the harbor at the mouth of
South Black river in that State; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and bo printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a judicious and
protective tariff on importations of copper,
iron, lumber, salt, dressed flax, and wool, and
articles manufactured therefrom; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Menomonee to Houghton, in that State ; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Michael Hennessy, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an
appropriation for fortifying the island of Mack-
inac, in the Straits of Michilimackinac and the
Saut, Ste. Marie, at the falls of St. Mary's,
and to establish a gunboat station in connec-
tion therewith; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to bo printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a pension of
eight dollars per month to the survivors of sol-
diers in the war of 1812, and the widows of
those who are dead, from April 1, 1805; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of the Ontonagon river; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and bo printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of Nathaniel Bragdon, praying for an increase
of pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Ho also presented the petition of Peter Y.
Poland, late of company F, ninth Tennessee
cavalry, praying for compensation for the loss
of two houses burnt by United States troops
under the command of General Sheridan in
March, 1805 which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON. T desire to present the
petition of three hundred and fifty citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying for
such an adjustment of the tariff on imports as
will give protection to American manufactures
and'iodustry. These gentlemen say that they
represent over twenty thousand people in that
immediate neighborhood, and they think Con-
gress would be better engaged for a part of the
summer in adjusting some system of protection
to American industry than by adjourning and
going home. They desire me to say that they
think members of Congress are now paid a
liberal salary, and in their opinion had better
remain here. I move the reference of the pe-
tition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Alexander J. Atocha, praying for the payment
of his claim against Mexico, agreeably to the
provisions of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
of February 2, 1S4S; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. NYE. 1 ask leave to present a pream-
40th Coxg. 1st Sess.—No. '21.
A_
321
ble and resolutions of the Union League of tlie-
State of Maryland, which I desire to have read,
and then referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tenzpore. Tliey will
be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows :
"Whereas the constitution of tho State oOlWland
carefully prescribes the qualification of voters, and
makes a uniform registraiion of voters obligatory;
and whereas tholawpassed in obcdience to this man-
date of the constitution has been made a nullity by
the Governor, and the registers whom he appointed
lor that purpose, and the ballot-box opened for the
reception of the votes of traitors, whereby a Legisla-
tive and other officers were el eoted notorious for their
disloyalty; and whereas, carrying outthepurposes of
the Governor, and of their elections, this Legislature
has annulled tho loyal provisions of the constitution
and restored to citizonsnip allwbo had abjured or for-
feited their richts as citizens by treason against the
State and tho United States; and, on tho other hand,
has enacted a law making it treason for loyal men to
unite to uphold tho national Government; has not
only reftised to pass laws for the protection of colored
citizens, but has offered a premium for violations of
the laws of Oongicss, known as "Tho Freedmen's
Bureau law, and tho civil rights law," and assumed
thedofenso of oil who have violated those laws in the
past, or will do so in tho future, and made their dc-
fenso a charge upon the State treasury without limit;
has pensioned from tho Stato treasury the Legisla-
ture which was suspended from tho excrciso of its
functions by tho military power of tho nation, and
compelled tho city of Baltimore, in liko manner, to
pension tho disloyal police force which was dis-
charged from service in 18t>l as a necessary measure
of public safety: has instituted measure? lor impos-
ing upon tho Stato the burden of payingfor tho slaves
emancipated as a necessary result ot tho slaveholders'
rebellion, and has passed a law, in palpable and con-
fessed violation of (lie constitution, calling a conven-
tion for the purpose of abrogating what remains of
loyalty and equal rights in our constitution, and of
placing loyal mon in hopeless subjection to traitors:
Therefore.
Hcxolvcd 1)1/ tho Grand Council of the Union Zea(tue
of Man/land, That wo, earnestly pray the Congress
of tho United States, as far as practicable, to extend
to Maryland the principles of the military recon-
struction law, and to secure to all loyal citizens in
the Stato the right of ^uHV.ipre.
Ilmolved, That a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolution bo signed by the Grand President
and Secretary, and iorwarded to I fort. Vuanois
Thomas and Hon. Jamfk W. Xyi:. with the request
that they will lay tho same before tho House ot'.Rep-
resentatives and Senate respectively, and uigo such
action as shall insure protection to tlie loyal citi-
zens of Maryland.
True copy by order:
A. STOCTCBRIDGE, Grand President.
Charles II. Gatch, Grand Secretary.
The resolutions wcro referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
papers "withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask leave to withdraw
the papers in the case of the heirs of John K.
Bouligny.* They arc apprehensive that tluiy
may be lost, as some of the papers have been
lost heretofore. If there be no objection, I
ask to withdraw them from the files.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEIIOY". I ask that the petition of
Clara Moore, widow of Ely Moore, deceased,
praying payment to her of tlie claim of her
husband for amount paid for additional clerks
and office accommodations for those clerks in
the register's office at Lecompton, Douglas
county, Kansas, be withdrawn from the tiles
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. The committee were unable to report
at the "last session, and T want the papers re-
committed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. liAMSEY, it was
Ot dcrcd, That Ccran St. Vrain have leave to with-
draw from the files of tho Senate the petition for
himself and tho heirs of Jgnacio Vigil, praying for
the confirmation of a private land claim in New
Mexico.
On motion of Mr. MORIMTjIj, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That tho petition of Sarah L. Spring and
Harriet Spring, praying that they may be allowed
the pension due "William Barker; also that they may
be allowed tlie half pay to which he was entitled
under resolution of Congress of October 21, 1780,
granting half pay to the surviving ollicers of the
devolution, bo withdrawn from thetilesandreferred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Minerva Lewis*, ad-
ministratrix. of the estate of Ezckicl Lewis, deceased,
praying for compensation for the steamboat Admiral,
taken possession of by tho United States authorities
in the spring of 18G2, used by them as an ordnance
boat, and burned at Columbus, Kentucky, jbe with-
drawn from the files of the Senate 'and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Georgo H. Wells,
praying for compensation for the steamboat South-
era Merchant, taken by the rebels in May, 1861, cap-
tured oy the umted States gunboat Diana in Decem-
ber, 18G2, taken to ft ew Orleans, and condemned by
the u nited States district court, and sold as a prize
November 9,1863, be withdrawn from tho files of-the
benate and referred to tho Committee on Claims.
ADJOUil.N'MBXT Off COHGKESS.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to enter a privi-
leged motion. I move that a communication
be sent to the House of iiepresentatives ask-
ing the House to return the resolution fixing
tlie time of adjournment, with a view of mov-
ing a reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
•will be entered, no objection being made.
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said: I un-
derstand that an order has passed here with-
out any consideration to bring back "from tho
House of Representatives the resolution of
adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
has just been made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any such
order.
Mr. SUMNER. There was no objection at.
the time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly there would
have been objection if it had been understood.
What is the object of bringing it back here ?
Mr. SUMNER. We want to reconsider it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the Senator
from Massachusetts does; but I do not. If
any sucli order has been made, I move to
reconsider tho vote by which it was done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
if the Senator did not understand what was
going on 
Mr. CONNESS. There were no Senators
here who understood the matter at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not hear it. I did
not know such a motion was made.
-The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was
made by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understand now.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. Very well;
it will be considered an open question. Tho
question will be taken again on that motion.
Mr. WILSON. The motion is that tho
House of Representatives be requested to re-
turn tlie resolution of adjournment.
Air. CONNESS. Upon that I call the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WILSON. It is a motion which Isuppose
I have a right to make, and I am in favor of
doing it. I desire to enter a motion to recon-
sider. I did not suppose that tho resolution
would go to tho Ilou^e until we had time to
look ot it this morning. I desire to have it
called back for the purpose of making that
motion, and on that I think it will be time
enough to raise the question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know if
the Senator proposes to put off the day of
adjournment?
Mr. WILSON. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider for the purpose of changing the
time to which we are to adjourn. 9
Mr. JOHNSON. We can settle the ques-
tion at once now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to present
a joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This ques-
tion must first be disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand there is
no question before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts simply asked to enter a motion, which
he has a right to do.
Mr. CONNESS. I voted in the majority,
and I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The pending question is
on the motion to recall the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. Has there been, a motion
to send for the resolution ?
