1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S28
after the first section; and as it must be acted
upon to-day in order to be effective, I ask that it
be considered now. It will take but a moment.
It is simply to increase the number of exam-
iners.
There being no objection, ttie Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The first section of the bill
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents from
timeto time to appoint, in the manner already
provided for by law, such an additional number
of principal examiners, first assistant exam-
iners, and second assistant examiners as may
be required to transact the current business of
the office with dispatch; but the whole number
of such additional examiners is not to exceed
four of each class, and the total annual expense
of the Patent Office is not to exceed its annual
receipts.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment, to strike out the second and third
sections of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. A ad be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Patents is authorized to appoint, by and
with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
a solicitor of the Patent Office, who shall be consid-
ered its law officer, whose salary shall be $3,000 per
annum, to be paid from the patent fund, and whoso
duty it shall bo to render all reasonable aid in the
transaction of the business of said office that may be
required of him by the said Commissioner.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That tho salaryof
the first assistant examiners and disbursing clerk shall
bo 5*2,000, and the salary of the librarian shall bo
$2,500, which shall be in full for his services as trans-
lator and librarian.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to'inquire
what committee that comes from?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. TBUMBULL. It seems to me to be a
patent matter entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. " I will say to the Senator
that it ought to have been referred, in my
judgment, to the Committee on Patents, but
it was referred at a late hour of the session on
Saturday to the Committee 6n Finance, and
we were bound to consider it. We had before
us the Commissioner of Patents, who repre-
sented the necessity of an increased force, and
satisfied us entirely that an increased force was
necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
whether it has the sanction of the Committee
on Patents and been examined by them.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was not referred to
that committee, but I conferred with the chair-
man of the Committee on Patents.^ It ought
to have been referred to that committee.
Mr. WILLEY. When this bill was referred
to the Committee on Finance I was not aware
that it was so referred, but supposed as a mat-
' ter of course it had been referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and had given some atten-
tion to the matter before I discovered that
fact; and as it was in the possession of a very
competent committee I made no _ difficulty
about it. I had given some attention to it,
and from my examination of the bill and my
conference with the Commissioner of Patents
was disposed to be favorable to the bill, predi-
cating my opinion in that respect upon certain
facts and information which had been placed
in my hands in regard to it. I shall be glad to
know from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance for what reasons the committee has
recommended the striking out of the second
and third sections; and on hearing his reasons
I may perhaps think it necessary to submit to
the Senate some facts which I have before me
in relation to the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance had not sufficient evidence before them
to show that a new officer, called the solicitor
of patents, ought to be created. We had no
evidence showing the necessity of such an
office. At all events, the mode of appointment
was uot such as we would sanction it the new
office was to be created, that is, to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior on the nomi-
nation of the Commissioner of Patents without
the advice and consent of the Senate. On the
whole, the only dutyof asolieitor of the Patent
Office may be done by a good clerk or by an
examiner. As we had increased the number
of examiners of each class four in number, that
is twelve in all, one could readily be detailed
from the class whose salary is $2,400 to per-
form the duties of solicitor. And there appears
to be no necessity for creating the office of
solicitor. If you create the office of solicitor
in this bureau, you will have the same demand
from all the bureaus of the Government. We
thought at this period of the session it was not
worth while to embark in the business of mak-
ing new offices in this way.
The third section proposes to increase the
salaries of assistant examiners from $1,800 to
$2,000. They are all included in the increase
of pay provided by the twenty per cent, res-
olution for this year. We saw, therefore, no
pressing necessity for increasing theirpay now;
and if there be any propriety in increasing
their pay at all the question may properly go
over to next session. We therefore reported
the bill simply providing for an increased force
in the Patent Office, increasing the number
of examiners and assistant examiners because
of the increased amount of business. The cases
pending during the last year, I am informed,
were sixteen thousand as against nine thou-
sand the year before, showing a very large in-
crease of business. There are general com-
plaints in the country that the business of the
Patent Office is getting behind. The Commis-
sioner represents that with this increase of
force lie would be able by next winter to
catch up.
For these reasons, briefly given, because we
had not much tiipe to consider it, we reported
the bill, with an amendment striking out the
second and third sections. I am sorry myself
the bill did not go to the Committee on Patents,
because it would then have had tho advantage
of the examination and experience of the Sen-
ator from West Virginia. The Committee on
Finance gave it only a brief consideration,
having so many other matters to attend to.
Mr. WILLE Y. I see no difference of opin-
ion between the Committee on Finance and
myself, and so far as I know the Committee
on Patents, in regard to the propriety, indeed
the absolute necessity, of increasing the cleri-
cal force of the Patent Office.' The only ob-
jection made by the Senator from Ohio is^ to
the second and third sections of the bill. The
second section provides for the creation of the
office of solicitor of patents. My short ex-
perience in connection with the business of the
Patent Office has satisfied me that there is a
variety of complicated questions involving legal
points constantly arising before that branch of
the Interior Department. There are many
applications for the extension of patents, in-
volving very frequently nice questions of law,
nice legal distinctions, demanding, in my opin-
ion, the appointment of some gentleman com-
petent to consider such questions, and they are
of such variety and extent as to require the
constant attention of some competent gentle-
man to that character of business. Inasmuch
as there is a large amount of surplus money
in the Patent Office fund, and as the bill itself
provides that the solicitor of patents it ap-
pointed shall be paid from the Patent Office
fund, creating no additional liability on the
part of the Treasury of the United States, I
was of the opinion, and I am still, that it would
be. better to create such an office, and fill it by
some competent gentleman to discharge its
duties. „ r ., ■ ,
It must be obvious to Senators, I think, on
the least reflection that there is a necessity tor
such an office, that there is a necessity lor the
appointment of some gentleman _ who shall
direct his entire attention to questions of this
character constantly arising in the administra-
tion of the business of the Patent Office. 1
know from information that has conic beiore
the Committee on Patents during the last ses-
sion that questions frequently do arise involving
a good deal of legal learning and the necessity
for nice legal discrimination; and m questions
relative to the extension of patents and a vari-
etv of other questions constantly coming before
the Commissioner of Patents, it would very
much contribute to the public welfare and in-
terest and to the proper discharge of-the duties
of that office if the Commissioner had some
competent legal gentleman with whom he might
consult in reference to such matters.
As to the third section, increasing the com-
pensation of the first assistant examiners, the
disbursing clerk, and the librarian, I am in-
clined to think, upon an examination of tho
facts and figures before me, that the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of Patents in
that respect commends itself to our considera-
tion. The first assistant examiners now get a
compensation of $1,800 per annum. The
librarian gets a salary of $1,800, with some
extra compensation for translations, amount-
ing, as I understand from the Commissioner
of Patents, to two or three hundred dollars a
year, never making his compensation exceed
$2,100; and yet, from the nature of his duties,
a gentleman of very considerable capacity is
required, a gentleman of a good deal of learn- •
ing, a gentleman of such capacity and such
learning as a salaryof $1,800 would not bo
likely to command. The salary of the dis-
bursing clerk, the only other officer whose sal-
ary is proposed to be increased in this section,
is also $1,800. I learn from the Commissioner
of Patents and other quarters that every other
disbursing clerk in a. Department receives
$2,000 ; and from the figures before me as to
the increase of business in the Patent Office,
and from the character and nature of his duties,
their extent and variety, it does seem to me
that this disbursing clerk ought to receive an
equal compensation with other disbursing clerks
in the Departments.
Now, sir, 1 ask the attention of Senators for
a moment to some of the facts which I have in
my possession, which will go to show the neces-
sity of an increase of clerical force in tho
Patent Office. The number of applications for
patents during the year I860 wqs 15,209. The
number of patents issued during that year, in-
cluding reissues and designs, was 9,450. The
caveats filed were 2,723. The applications for
extension of patents were 07; and all these
extensions involve more or less the_ decisions
of legal questions, sometimes very important
legal questions, sometimes questions involving
very nice legal distinctions. In one year there
arose before that department G7 applications
for extension of patents, and 58 patents were
extended. The money received during the year
1800 on application for patents, reissues, &e.,
was $460,798 20, and for copies and recording
assignments, &c., $34,867 18, making a total
amount of $495,665 88, all of which money has
to go under the supervision of the disbursing
clerk; and it will be observed that it is made
up of small sums involving a great deal of atten-
tion and many items. The expenditures for that
year demonstrate that fact. The expenditures
of the year were, for salaries, including $29,-
107 48 additional pay as per act of June 18,
I860, $149,623 17; for contingent expenses,
consisting of a great amount of small items,
$95,006 60; for temporary clerks, $115,381 76;
withdrawals, $540; refunding money paid by
mistake, $924; fees to judges in appeal cases,
$248 75, making a total amount expended last
year of $361,724 28. Here is a statement of
the condition of the patent fund: •
Amount to tho credit ofthefund January
1,1866  JSloO.lM to
Amount of receipts during tho year  495,CCS SB
Total   (525,850 16
From which deduct the amount of ex-
penditures  -■
Leaving to the credit of the patent fund
Januarv 1,1867  v  2ol'-Lo
Surplus of receipts over expenditures dur-
ing the year   i.-s.ym in
The Senate will perceive, therefore, that
there are ample funds to meet all tho increased
expenditures which this bill will occasion and
which seem to be demanded by the necessities
of the department. The business of the Patent
Office was between five and six times as great
in the year 1866 as it was in the yea^l861, and
