1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
he chose to require of them, with jurisdiction
over extensions of patents, over applications
for patents, over interference-cases, beside the
general jurisdiction subject to his discretion
which the section provides. As has been said
by my friend from Maine, two of these gentle-
men arc persons mature in years, ripe in legal
and other scholarship, as much so as any gen-
tleman connected with the department, as
much so I can say with all respeet as the very
judges of the supreme court of this District
themselves, competent for any law question;
and the third member of the board is a gentle-
man who, although not a lawyer, is a man dis-
tinguished for his practical and scientific knowl-
edge, eminent in it. What more can the law
require? To be sure it is said bymy friend
from West Virginia that the funds we pay for
these offices are patent funds; but there is no
reason in the world why patent funds should be
wasted. I know my friend does not intend that
they shall be wasted, but in my judgment this
will be a waste. There is no reason why these
funds should be paid out unnecessarily, because
if they accumulate to an absolutely overgrow-
ing size they can be applied to sonie other pub-
lic purposes. There is need enough of money.
It seems to me clear, then, that the law has
already provided in the fullest manner for this
very case, andthere hasbeenappointed to carry
out the law a perfectly competent and unex-
ceptionable board against whom no reproach
whatever exists; so that I hope the amend-
ment recommended by the committee will be
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Of course I was perfectly
aware of the section of the law to which the Sen-
ator from Vermont has referred. I was not so
well aware of the legal and eminent character of
the gentlemen composing that board. I doubt
not they are such as he has described them to
be. There is no objection to the board; there
is no objection to the character of the board ;
but eminent as they are in legal ability and
scientific ability, the fact nevertheless remains
that they are behind about seven months in
appeals to the board_, and it was to show tho
necessity of an additional officer that I read
such long details of the extraordinary amount
of increase in the business of the Patent Office
demanding that that board should have assist-
ance in the discharge of its duties, that the
interests of the country required it, that it was
not right that claims should b'e delayed for the
want of the necessary provision on the part of
Congress six or eight months to await a de-
cision from the board, which, however eminent
and competent to decide, had not the physical
ability to do all the business promptly that it
was required that they should do. The main
object of this bill is to provide an officer whose
attention shall be directed exclusively to legal
questions arising out of the transactions of
the Patent Office, who may be an assistant of
this board, who may devote his attention to
the preparation of cases that they may be pre-
sented to the board for their decision without
the additional labor of looking into the cases
and preparing them for decision.
I only mentioned the fact that there was a
surplus of Patent Office funds to show that
this bill did not make any demand upon the
Treasury of the United States otherwise than
upon the funds belonging to the Patent Office:
and I mentioned in connection with that fact
that I had reason to believe, from the examin-
ation I had given to this ease, that the result
of the appointment of these officers, and of
the dispatch of the business of the country,
would be an increase of the Patent Office
funds to an amount'greater than the additional
salaries would reach.
Now, sir, it is necessary becanse_ the busi-
ness of the country is behind; it is because
tho board to which allusion has been made,
eminent as it is in scientific skill and in legal
knowledge, has not been able to keep up with
the business of the country. I am informed
by the Commissioner of Patents, and 1 have
no reason to doubt his word, that in matters
of appeal now before the board business is six |
or seven months behind. That is too long for
the country to wait when that department
itself has ample means to provide men who
shall be able to keep up with the business of
the country, and it is upon that ground that
the application for this solicitor is made. It
is to enable that board, eminent as it is, to
keep the business of the country up with the
demands of the department. Tho business of
this department is now in its various branches
from six to eight months behind, and in matters
of appeal to the board about as far behind as
in other branches. The gentlemen constitut-
ing the board cannot devote their attention
exclusively to legal points arising before them,
and to the matters of appeal before them.
They have to divide their attention between
legal questions and their scientific examina-
tions. It seems to me the facts themselves
are the only arguments it is necessary to men-
tion in this case, that the business is behind,
the business of this very board, eminent as it
is, and competent as it is to discharge the
duties properly belonging to it. Hence the
Commissioner has, I think very properly, asked
for an additional officer who, by devoting his
attention exclusively to matters of a legal char-
acter, will enable this board to discharge the
business of the country with proper dispatch.
Of course we must all know when this is done
it will necessarily increase the funds of tho
Patent Office.
This matter has not received that thorough
examination from me that it would have re-
ceived if it had been referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents. My attention, however,
has been directed to it for several months past.
Many of the facts 1 have mentioned have been
long within my knowledge, and I have been of
the opinion for a long time, or at least during
the greater part of the past session, that it was
absolutely necessary to give to this department
greater clerical force, and to provide such other
instrumentalities* and agencies as would enable
the examining board to keep up with the busi-
ness. If, however, the Senate think otherwise,
it matters not to me.
Mr. POMEROY. I have frequently been
called, in tho discharge of business for my con-
stituents, to go into the Patent Office, and I
have uniformly found them willing to render
me every facility they could with the clerical
force they had. I am confident the interest
of that department suffers because it is not
able, either for the want of a law or for some
other reason, to employ the amount of clerical
force needed. I do not know that it will al-
ways require as much clerical force as is now
proposed; perhaps the demand may be tem-
porary.
Mr. SHERMAN. We give in the bill as we
amend it all that they ask, all that the Com-
missioner wants. The question now is whether
we shall add a solicitor.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am entirely in favor of
the bill which the Senator has reported; and
in regard to the question of a solicitor I see
no reason why there should not be one, espe-
cially if the Commissioner asks for such an
officer. This is not an appropriation of so
much money out of the Treasury of the United
States to pay the solicitor. The Patent Office
is not only self-supporting, but it accumulates
its support, and its fund is now larger than
ever
Mr. WILLEY. I will say to my friend that
T am assured from satisfactory statements made
to me by the Commissioner that the Patent
Office fund will be increased more by the ap-
pointment of this officer and this additional
force than the amount it will take to pay the
additional ^compensation occasioned by the
mMrU POMEROY. I have no doubt of the
statement "made by the Senator from West
Virginia, and therefore I am in favor of the
bill without the amendment; but if we cannot
get the bill without the amendment, 1 am then
in favor of it with the amendment. 1 am in
favor of giving the Patent Office every facility
we can.
I wish now to say a word in reply to what
the Senator from California has stated in regard
to the case that went through here last year.
I_ wish to say that that case was very fully con-
sidered by the Senate. It was a long time
before our committee. Every opportunity for
an adverse influence and representation was
given. I believe there are only three manu-
facturers in the counjtry who manufacture the
article patented, except on the Pacific coast,
and all those establishments were in favor of the
extension. The object of giving notice to par-
ties to come in and contest the extension of a
patent is to enable persons who are adverse to
the grant to appear and make their opposition
before the Commissioner of Patents. This
case, however, was contested in the Senate,
and all the opposition was made here that
could be made against it, and that was not
from a source that would make any opposi-
tion before the Commissioner of Patents. The
extension was granted after a full hearing here,
and a very extended hearing, as the Senator
from Massachusetts well knows. I for one
justify the Commissioner of Patents entirely
in his action in that case; for I know that he
took the best legal counsel he could get before
granting the extension, and I Slink ho was
entirely justified in granting it.
Mr. S LIMNER. I desire to say that on the
main question I shall follow cheerfully the
chairman of the Committee on Patents, whose
attention I am sure has been given to this bill.
I follow him willingly ; and I would add also,
that from my experience at the Patent Office
I have reason to believe that there is need for
this addition of force. But 1 should not have
said auydiing on this occasion but for the
criticism that has been made on an act of the
last Congress. There was a patent extended,
after considerable discussion in this Chamber,
and certainly consideration in the other Cham-
ber; and now the action of the Commissioner
of Patents under that act of extension has
been unexpectedly opened to criticism. I
desire hero to express my belief that Congress
was right in the act of extension that it passed;
and my further belief that the Commissioner
of Patents, in what he did under tho act of
Congress, acted sincerely, justly, and as be-
came a public officer. I am unwilling to hear
his conduct called in question on that occa-
sion without bearing my testimony to what
he did. I believe that in all respects in that
action he was above criticism.
Having made these remarks, which I offer
simply as my testimony founded on my per-
sonal knowledge of that cn.se, I take my seat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say in reply to
my friend from West Virginia and my friend
from Kansas as to the solicitor part of the
argument, that in the first place I do not un-
derstand that we are not paying out public
money'when we pay this officer. The fees
that are paid into the Patent Office belong to
the United States. It is true that by law we
provide for their being kept as a fund, but we
have a perfect right by law to change the ap-
plication of that money when the fund gets so
large that we can properly take a part of it
and make use of it for other purposes; so that
in effect it is just as much taking part of the
public money as it would be if it was money
raised by taxation. It accumulates from the
fees inventors pay for filing their applications,
getting patents and extensions, and so on. So
much for that.
Now, then, as to the duties of this officer
and the necessity for his appointment. It is
well known that before the law of last session
inventors were allowed to appeal to the ex-
aminers-in-ehief without paying any fees, and
therefore everybody appealed. If an assistant
examiner or a principal examiner decided
against an application the applicant appealed
because it did not cost him anything, and he
had another chance. But by a law passed last
year we provided that on these appeals a fee
