1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
letter which my predecessor addressed to you on the
3d ultimo.
"There are many statements in your letter which
I should be prepared to controvert if it were not that
Her Majesty's Government consider that no advan-
tage can result from prolonging the controversy," &c.
No good result can follow from prolonging
this controversy in the opinion of Her Majesty's
Government! Sir, did we hear from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations when that insult
was offered to our Government after our flag
had been insulted and alfnost driven from the
ocean? No, sir, not a word was heard from
the Committee on Foreign Relations; not even
a protest.
In the mean time, sir, we went on and dis-
banded this fleet which was larger and stronger
than all the fleets upon the earth besides our
own. We had ships enough in commission at
that moment that we could concentrate in ten
days at any given point to have swept all the
navies of the earth from the ocean. No nation
was ever as well prepared to defy the universe
on the ocean as was the United States at that
day. But, sir, we went on and dismantled
these ships-of-war; and then, after we had
rendered ourselves vulnerable, the Secretary
of State, with hat in hand, begged to be par-
doned for asking the payment of these bills.
On the 15th of January, 1806, after we had
disbanded onr armies, dismantled our fleets,
put our iron-clads out of commission, and were
no longer in a position demand payment at
the cannon's mouth, 1 ofi'ere'd to the Senate
the following resolution:
"Whereas by the recent publication of the diplo-
matic correspondence between this Government and
the Government of Great Britain, wo are fully ad-
vised that the last-named Government has refused
to repair the damages inflicted upon our commerce
by the agency of her subjects during the late rebel-
lion; has declined to arbitrate the same, and, finally,
further to treat upon the subject, thus exhausting all
diplomatic resources, leaving to this nation but one
alternative consistent with its honor: Therefore,
".Be it resolved, by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in Congress assembled. That tho President of
the United States is hereby requested to withdraw
our minister from the Court of St. James, and make
Eroclamation of national non-intercourse^ which is
ereby declared to take effect after such proclama-
tion shall have been issued."
There, sir, was the only peaceful remedy left.
"You have insulted us; you have injured us;
you have done us all the injury in your power ;
now we simply declare non-intercourse until
you. Great Britain, are prepared to do us jus-
tice.'' That was a peaceful remedy ; and had
that remedy been adopted our claiq^ against
Great Britain would have been paid within
ninety days from the proclamation of non-in-
tercourse. Had the demand been made on tho
14th of December, 1861, they would have been
paid, because it would have been understood
that it meant "pay or fight." But, sir, that
resolution went to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and there it has slept the sleep that
knows no'waking. Nothing was done.
Since that time France has taken the hint
that this continent is not large enough for an
empire, and has quietly withdrawn her troops.
Sir, this North American continent has not
land enough for an empire or even a viceroyalty.
The United States of America needs all the
land on the continent of'North America, and
the time will come, and at no distant day, when
she will own it all. But, sir, these British
Provinces have gone on year after year con-
solidating and preparing for a viceroyalty. _ I
ask the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations if any protest against a viceroyalty,
or the establishment of a kingdom on our north-
ern frontier, has ever gone out from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations? If it lias, I have
never heard of any such protest. No, sir, not
a word has been heard from the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the subject.
And now, when I introduce a purely com-
mercial bill from the Committee on Com-
merce. forsooth, it will complicate our foreign
relations! IIow complicate them? SIj\ Pres-
ident, 1 have heard enough of these Alabama
chums. If Great Britain is satisfied with the
manner in which those claims are left, so am
]. Tho memorialists upon whose memorial
this bill has been based are mote interested in
the Alaba'tna c'M"m&, and more interested' in
the comftierce of this great nation, than any
other equal number of men. I repeat, if Great
Britain is contented with the position occu-
pied by herself with regard to those Alabama
claims, so am I. Thosedaifas I was anxious
to press in 1864. We -Were then borrowing
money at the rate 'of $1,000,000,000 a J'ear,
and $80,000,000 was'a matter of some Tittle
consequence. But, sir, since that time #e have
paid off between two hundred and three hun-
dred millions of the national debt, ftod are
now paying it off at the rate of 5150,000,000 a
year, and wo can afford to trust Great 'Britain
for this little bill of §30,000,000. Besides, the
time is not far distant when we shall want to
take a mortgage on certain land lying along-
side of us, and this will be a very good claim
to base the mortgage upon. If Great Britain
is satisfied with her position, so am I. I do
not want her to pay those Alabama claims at
this time, and I do not want the ghost of those
claims to come up to interfere with the legis-
lation of this body now or at any future time.
Mr. President, we owe Great Britain no very
largo amount of good-will, in my judgment.
In my youth I was educated to hate Great
Britain. During the Revolutionary war she
sent her Indian allies all along the Merrimac
river, where I was born, to scalp men, women,
and children, and she paid twenty dollars a
scalp for babies. Then, again, she hired Hes-
sians to come hero and fight our ancestors.
One of my ancestors was killed by those hired
Hessians. During my early years I never was
taught to entertain a very great love or affection
for Great Britain. But in the process of time
I was led to look upon her as our maternal
parent, and you know tho Bible says you must
love your father and your mother. But, sir,
that command is not imperative. There arc
circumstances where a child is not even bound
to love, honor, or respect its mother. When
her conduct has been such as to render her
infamous before the world, neither the holy
Scriptures, nor the laws of society, 1101- any
other law, human or divine, demand of us that
we should love, honor, or respect her.
Great Britain has ceased to command the
respect of any nation on earth. She has
ceased to be one of the first Powers of the
earth. In the settlement of the German ques-
tion was Great Britain invited in? Washer
opinion asked? But now, forsooth, because 1
introduce a purely mercantile bill, (for if there
ever was one introduced into this body this is
one,) for fear it will offend Great Britain it
must not be touched; for fear it will lead to
some "delicate discussion" it must not be
taken up.
Now, sir, what is this bill that I have intro-
duced ? It simply says to the citizens of the
United Slates, " You may sell to belligerents
with whom the United States Government is
at peace ships, even ships-of-war, if you
please," not to one, but to both belligerents.
There is nothing unfriendly about it. The only
reason for introducing this bill is that our citi-
zens, as it has been construed, violate our own
neutrality laws now by the sale of ships to
belligerents. We have been in the habit of
building ships-of-war for foreign Governments
for the last twenty years. We have built sev-
eral lor Italy, several for Russia. During
the Crimean war wo held a Russian ship for
months, and for aught I know for years, because
England was at war with Russia. Under this
bill our citizens may sell to Russia and_ to Eng-
land ; they may sell to Chili and to Spain ; they
may sell to any nation with whom the United
States is on terms of friendly relations ships-
of-war or any other ships.
Sir I would go further than this, and that
might perhaps go beyond the purely mercantile
character of this bill. I would permit our_cit-
izens to manufacture arms for ail the nations
of the earth. It is well known I h n i we manu-
facture a better breech-loader than any other
nation on earth. Sharpe's rifle is a much bet-
ter ££uu than tlis ncedlG-gun. PIig ^ penccr
rifle is a much better gun tn&n the needle-gun.
Our cannon are better than those of any other
nation. The heaviest broadside British gem.
is only a sixty-eight pounder, while we throw a-
fifteen-inch shot of five hundred and sixty
pounds. _ I should be willing to furnish tho
world with these arms. Our position is such
that we need not fear even the rebound of our
own weapons.
Mr. SUMNER.^ Under the existing law we
can furnish munitions of war.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, sir, I want to fur-
nish ships-of-war, too.
Now, Mr. President, in this bill introduced
from the Committee on Commerce is this pro-
viso:
Provided, That the transaction is simply commer-
cial, with no intent on the part of the seller or char-
terer to participate in any belligerent aot, and that
tho vessel or steamer while in transitu, is in no respect
exempted from the law of contraband.
We provide that the transaction shall be
purely commercial, with no intention to take
part in the war in which either of the belliger-
ents is engaged.
Now, Mr. President, I hope the Senate will
pass this bill, and pass it promptly. If the
Senate will pass it this morning I think I may
state that it will,pass the House before its
adjournment. It is a very important bill. Pass
this bill, sir, and I will guaranty you that
Great Britain will be begging for permission to
pay the Alabama claims before three months,
I do not want her to pay them. We can wait,
as I said before. We can trust her as long as
she can pay six per cent, interest. We are
able to give her credit; but, sir, the bill must
bo paid. There is no discount on it. I want
no farther negotiations on the part of the pres-
ent Secretary of State. Let him attend to the
McCracken smelling correspondence. [Laugh-
ter.] It is all that he ought to undertake. It
is up to his entire capacity. Let him not in-
terfere with the Alabama claims. That is a
subject beyond his comprehension. I want
him to attend to his legitimate duties, but I do
not want him to interfere with these claims.
If he were to open a correspondence to-morrow
with regard to the Alabama claims he would
give them all away at the demand of the British
Premier and thank him for having permitted
him to do it. England has once refused even
arbitration. Sir, when wo make the next de-
mand for the payment of the Alabama claims
I want to make it at the cannon's mouth and
with a fifteen-inch shell in the mouth of the
cannon.
Mr. MORTON. As a member of tho Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations I will say that this
bill was before us, and I believe unanimously
laid upon the table. I cannot agree with tho
Senator from Michigan that this is simply a
question of commerce. It was not a question
of commerce when we considered the depreda-
tions of the Alabama. It is a question involv-
ing the neutrality of nations, and one of the
most important and delicate that could be
presented. This bill proposes to legislate
into a law the very wrong of which we com-
plained in the Alabama case. Our Govern-
ment took the ground in reference to the Ala-
bama claims that it was a violation of the_ law
of nations for a neutral to build or to furnish a
ship-of-war to a belligerent. Mr. Adams, in
his communication to Lord John Russell,
planted himself fairly and squarely on that
proposition. The English Government did not
deny the proposition, but evaded the force of
it by assuming that they were ignorant of the
character of the A labama. It is not worth our
while to go into a discussion here to-day as to
whether Mr. Adams assumed a correct posi-
tion or not. It is enough for us to know that
we have gone before the tribunal of the public
opinion of the world upon the ground that it is
a violation of the neutrality of nations to build
or to furnish a ship-of-war to a belligerent;
and if we were now to pass this bill we should
stultify ourselves before the public opinion of
the world.
Independent of the Alabama claims, we. can-
not afford to ingraft this principle upon the
