1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
in the appropriations for contingent expenses
of the Senate of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments, in -which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 36)
for the relief of George W. Ashburn, and a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 37) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to build dredge-boats for use at
the mouth of the Mississippi river; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled btlls signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 77) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to reimburse the State of
West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and
paying military forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion," approved June 21, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 38) in relation to the acknowl-
edgment of deeds in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 72) to exempt wrapping-
paper made from wood or corn-stalks from
internal tax, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to suspend the
execution of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2-5) providing
for the importation into the United States of
certain works of art duty free, and for other
purposes ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 16) for the
relief of the destitute in the southern and
southwestern States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing
the Secretary of War to furnish certain arms
and equipments to the State of Tennessee ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2-5) to make
valid the laws of New Mexico passed at the
session of the Legislature held at Santa Fe from
the 3d day of December, 1866, to the 31st day
of January, 1867; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) to termi-
nate a contract of a member of Congress with
the Post Office Department of the United
States of America.
adjournment of congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives:
Jiesolved by the Ifouie of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, (the Senate concurring,) That the Senate
and House of Representatives do hereby each give
consent to the other that each House of Congress
shall adjourn the present session from the hour of
twelve o'clock meridian of Thursday next, the 28t.h
day of March instant, to assemble again on the first
Wednesday in May, the first AYednesday in June, the
first Wednesday in September, and the first Wednes-
day in November of this year, unless the President
of the Senate pro tempore and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives shall by joint proclamation,
to be issued by them ten days before the times herein
fixed for assembling, declare that there is no occasion
for the meeting of Congress at such time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The resolution evi-
dently needs a good deal of amendment. It
seems we are to meet on the first Wednesday
of May, and keep on in continuous session,
adjourn again or do something, and meet on the
first Wednesday.of June, and so on. But,
sir, there is a very serious question in my mind
whether an arrangement such as that appears
to be would be within our constitutional power,
and I move it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary to look into it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not dispose of it
now? I hope we are not going to agree to
such a resolution as that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
be referred at any rate.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senator
from Massachusetts had the adjournment res-
olution which this body passed on Saturday
last recalled from the House with a view to
make a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT p>ro tempore. There is
on the table a communication from the House
returning that resolution. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion to
reconsider will be called up and disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I moved to reconsider the
vote adopting that resolution, but as the House
resolution has been referred to the Senator's
own committee, perhaps they can arrange the
matter satisfactorily and let it lie upon the
table for the present. I simply want the motion
to reconsider entered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall act on
it now. If we do not reconsider, the question
is settled so far as we are concerned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has made a motion to
reconsider the vote adopting the resolution
passed by the Senate on Saturday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
from Illinois whether it would be wise to act
on that matter now, inasmuch as the House
resolution has been referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. Would it be advisable to
act on our resolution before that is considered
by the committee? I think it had better lie on
the table until we hear the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think wo had better
act on the question of reconsideration, and that
disposes of the whole subject if we decide
against that motion. There is nothing to send
to the committee about the question of adjourn-
ment. There is no question to investigate in
the resolution which was passed by this body.
Gentlemen seem to assume that the Senate is
going to change its position. I do not know
that it is. The Senator from Massachusetts
proposes to change his, but it does not follow
that the Senate will change its position. The
Committee on the Judiciary want to know
what the disposition of the Senate is. If the
resolution we passed on Saturday is not to be
reconsidered, but to stand as we passed it, it
is perfect folly to spend time in seeing whether
we can remodel the House resolution, or
whether we can agree to it in committee as it
is. The Senate has the whole question before
it now, and I think we may as well have the
yeas and nays on this motion to reconsider and
settle the matter. If the Senate adheres to its
action on Saturday, there is an end of the
matter so far as we are at present concerned.
If it refuses to adhere, that will be an indica-
tion that some other mode of adjourning is
desired by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other House, by
sending us a resolution different from ours,
evidently seems to entertain a different idea,
and I do not think it advisable by insisting
upon our passing this resolution and sending
it to them to force them to act upon it, and
perhaps disagree to it, which might place us
in such a predicament as that the President
could take the matter into his own hands, and
say that Congress should be adjourned to a
certain time—proroguing us. That was the
reason why I made the suggestion that I did.
If the other House had not taken action I would
agree with the Senator, that we had better set-
tle the question of reconsideration and pass
our original resolution at once; but inasmuch
as the House of Representatives has sent to us
a different proposition, I thought it wise to
consider that before we proceeded to act defi-
nitely, and perhaps place ourselves in a situa-
tion of embarrassment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House of Repre-
sentatives has not voted upon our resolution at
all. It was recalled at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say they had;
I wish my friend to understand me ; but they
have sent us a different proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason of that, 1
apprehend—if we were allowed to go into the
reason of it—-would be found to be because we
withdrew our resolution and they acted under
the misapprehension, as I think, that the Sen-
ate was not satisfied with its previous action.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may bo or may
not; but suppose we should send our resolution
back to the House and they should disagree to
it, we should then be at odds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not be such
a disagreement as the Senator referred to. If
they modify our resolution, the Senate could
concur in their action, and that would bring up
the whole question.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider, and let the Senate
determine whether to adhere to its action or
not.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me we are not
now in a condition to proceed with the motion
to reconsider. On the motion of the Senator
from Maine, the House resolution has been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
How can we proceed with this subject-matter
unless we have that House resolution before
us ? It seems to me that we are not fair to the
House, nor, I submit, fair to ourselves, if we
proceed with this subject unless we have the
whole matter before us. We ought to have
our own proposition and the House proposition
and between the two we may make a choice.
The Senate has already voted to refer the
House proposition to the Committee on the
Judiciary, partly with a view to ascertain, I be-
lieve, the constitutional question which is sup-
posed to bo involved in that resolution. I am
ready to await the report of that committee.
When that comes in I shall be ready to con-
sider the House proposition or to resume the
consideration of the Senate resolution of Sat-
urday ; but until the report of that committee
is received it seems to me that we are not in a
condition to proceed with the question. I
move that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of exeecutive business. We ail want
to go into executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 25, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. B. F. Mokris.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
bills and joint resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of States for bills and joint
resolutions for reference, and not to be brought
back on a motion to reconsider.
jurisdiction of united states coullts.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill providing
for the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States in certain cases ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
time for meeting of congress.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill in regard to the meeting of Congress;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
ormian asylum, charleston.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill to provide
for the relief of the Orphan Asylum and or-
phans sustained thereby iu Charleston, South
Carolina; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask to present two peti-
tions for the impeachment of the President.
The SPEAKER. That can be done under
the rule.
yt. h. weaver.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill for the relief
of W. H. Weaver, late captain company D,
twelfth regiment Pennsylvania Reserve corps;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when appointed.
