332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
SEES. ELIZABETH DAVIS. '
Mr. GETZ introduced a joint resolution
relating to Mrs. Elizabeth Davis, widow of
John Davis, deceased, late a master's m&te;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
when appointed.
REORGANIZATION 01? THE JUDICIARY.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to reorganize the Judiciary of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
LINCOLN TERRITORY.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a bill to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Lincoln; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories
when appointed.
REPEAL OF PART OF AN ACT.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a bill to repeal part of an act therein named;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
soldier's pay, etc.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a bill giving construction to the act of June
20, 180-1, increasing the pay of soldiers of the
Army, and the act of March 3, 1805, amend-
ing the several acts calling out the national
forces and to limit the pay of officers' servants;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs when appointed.
REDUCTION OF TIM CURRENCY.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also introduced
a. bill relative to the reduction of the currency;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Kla'te of the Union, and ordered to bo printed,
omo river ship-canal.
Mr. ECrCrLESTON introduced a joint reso-
lution providing for the necessary surveys for
a ship-canal around the falls of the Ohio
river lor military, naval, and commercial pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce when appointed.
PUNISHMENT OF PERJURY.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill to require the
administration of oaths in certain cases and to
punish perjury in connection therewith ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
JAMES St. LATTA.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
joint resolution for the relief of James M.
Latta: which was read a first and seeond
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Claims when appointed.
PROPERTY OF MARRIK1) WOMBS IN DISTRICT.
Mr. NIBLACIv introduced a bill concerning
the property of married women in the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia when ap-
pointed, and also ordered to be printed in the
Globe.
It is as follows:
An act concerning the piopcrty of married women
in the District of Columbia.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate ctad Ilome of licp-
resentatives of the United States of America in.Congress
umembled, That the real citato of any married wo-
man within the District of Columbia, shall not be
liable for the debts of her husband, but such real
estate and the profits therefrom shall be her separate
property as fully as if she were unmarried, and the
separate deed of the husband shall convey no inter-
est in the same: Provided, That such wife shall have
no power to encuwbor or convey such real estate
except by deed in which her husband shall join.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the personal
property of any married woman within said District
hold by her at tho time of her marriage, or acquired
by her during coverture hy purchase, descent, devise,
or gift, shall remain her own separate property m the
Bamo manner and to the same extent as horrca.l estate
so remaining. And on the death of the husband be-
fore tho wito such personal property shall go to the
wife, and on the death of the wife before the hus-
band it shall be apportioned and distributed m the
same manner as her real estate descends and is appor-
tioned under similar circumstances within said Dis-
trict: Provided, That the assent of her husband shall
not be necessary to enable such wife to encumber or
sell such personal property.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That all suits
within said District relative to suoh separate Prop-
erty of the wife, whether real or personal, shall be
prosecuted by or against the husband and wife jointly,
or if they be separated, then in the name of thewife
alone. And in ease of such separate suit the hus-
bandshallnot be liable for costs unless he be a defend-
ant therein.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That within said
District the husband shall be liable for the debts and
liabilities of the wife contracted or incurred before
marriage to the extent of tho personal property he
may have received through her, or which he may
derive from the sale or rcntof her real estate, and no
farther; and the liability of the husband to th e extent
aforesaid shall not be extinguished by the death of
the wife.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That when any
[judgment within said District is rendered against a
husband and wife for tho tort of the wifo or on ac-
count of any liability existing against her before her
marriage, execution on such judgment shall he first
levied on tho soparate property of such wifo, if sho
have any.
GEORGE W. LANE.
Mr. IIOLMAN introduced a joint resolution
for the relief of George W. Lane, superintend-
ent of the branch mint at Denver^ Colorado,
and Assistant Treasurer of the United States;
which was read a first and seeond lime, and
ordered to be referred to tho Committee of
Claims when appointed.
MISSISSIPPI AND MICHIGAN CANAL,
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill to con-
struct a sliip-canal for the passage of armed
and naval vessels from the Mississippi river to
Lake Michigan, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and seeond time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals
when appointed, and printed.
' PAVING STREETS.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill to
authorize the pavement of a portion of Penn-
sylvania avenue and Fifteenth street west with
the Nicholson pavement; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia
when appointed, and printed.
POST OFFICE AT PEORIA.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a joint
resolution to provide for the erection of a
building at Peoria, Illinois, for the accommo-
dation of the post office and internal revenue
offices ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads when appointed,
and printed.
BUREAU OF INSURANCE.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill to establish a
national bureau of insurance ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FERRY introduced a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, requesting the
passage of an act securing the speedy construc-
tion of the Northern Pacific railroad and tele-
graph line; which was ordered to be referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad when
appointed, and printed.
ISLAND OF MACKINAW.
Mr. PERRY also introduced a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, calling at-
tention to the national importance of fortifying
the island of Mackinaw, in the Sault Ste. Marie,
and to establish &:gunboat station in connec-
tion therewith; which was ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed, and printed.
RAILHOAKI'N MICHIGAN.
Mr. FERRY also introduced a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, asking for
an appropriation of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Menomonee, in Menom-
onee county, to Houghton, in Houghton county;
which was ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands when appointed, and
printed.
PENSIONS OE SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. FERRY also introduced a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, asking Con-
gress to provide by law for a pension of eight
dollars per month to survivors of the war of •
1812 and widows of those who are dead, from
April 1,1865; which was ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions when
appointed, and printed.
PROTECTIVE TARIFF.
Mr. FERRY also introduced a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, requesting
the passage of an- effective protective tariff on
copper, iron, lumber, salt, flax, and wool;
which was ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when appointed,
and printed.
B. D. ALLEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. FERRY also introduced a bill to provide
for the payment of B. D. Allen & Co., for ser-
vices in carrying the United States mails;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads when appointed.
HARBOR IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. UPSON introduced a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan, asking Congress
for an appropriation to improve the harbor at
tho mouth of South Black river, Michigan;
which was ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce when appointed, and
printed.
REGISTRATION OF VESSELS.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a joint resolu-
tion to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to prescribe rules and regulations for the regis-
tration of certain vessels built for use on the
western and southwestern lakes, upon the pay-
ment of internal revenue tax on the materials
used in the construction of similar vessels of
American build; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Commerce when appointed, and
printed.
SOUTHERN MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the Southern Min-
nesota Railroad Company to construct and
maintain a bridge across the Mississippi river,
and to establish a post route; which was read
a first and seeond time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads when appointed.
UNITED STATES MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. SAWYER presented the memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin for
a branch extension of the United States mili-
tary road between Fort Howard, in the State
of Wisconsin, and Fort Wilkins, in the State
of Michigan, from the village of Shawano to
the village of Waus'au ; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands when appointed.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND LAKE MICHIGAN.
Mr. HOPKINS presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin to
Congress, in relation to the project of connect-
ing by navigable channels through the Wis-
consin, Fox, and Rock rivers, the waters of
tho Mississippi river and tho waters of Lake
Michigan; which was ordered to bo printed,
and to be referred to the Committee of Com-
merce when appointed.
WASHINGTON TEMPERANCE SOCIETY.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill authorizing
the Washington Temperance Society to issue
certificates of stock without revenue stamps;
which was rea<l a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means when appointed.
