1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
RAILROADS IN MlKOTA
Mr. BURLEIGH introduced a bill granting
land to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in Dakota Territory; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands when
appointed.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions to be
referred to their appropriate committees having
been concluded, the next business in order is
the call of States and Territories for resolu-
tions. Under this call bills and joint resolu-
tions can be offered. The call will commence
with the Stfcte of Ohio, where the call rested
on Monday last at the expiratiou of the morn-
ing hour.
george w. ashburn.
Mr. ECKLEY introduced a preamble and
joint resolution for the relief of George TV.
Ashburn; which was read a first and second
time.
The preamble and joint resolution recite
that George TV. Ashburn seized certain prop-
erty belonging to TV. F. Stewart, in the State
of Tennessee, which property was being used by
the southern confederacy ; that said property
was afterward confiscated by the district court
of the State of Tennessee under the provisions
of the act of August^, 1861, and was by the
order of said court sold, and the proceeds of
said sale placed in the Treasury of the United
States, including the portion that belonged to
Mr. Ashburn under the provisions of said act,
which amount still remains in the Treasury.
The jo-int resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the said George TV.
Ashburn the sum of $3,838 37, the amount
belonging to him under said act, according to
the decree of the said district court.
Mr. ECKLEY. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As this bill contains an
appropriation, it should go to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ECKLEY. I beg the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] to withdraw his
objection. This joint resolution was fully con-
sidered during the last Congress.
The SPExlKER. If this joint resolution
gives rise to debate it must go over, unless the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
insists upon his point of order, in which case
it will be referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would be very willing
to withdraw my point of order if this joint
resolution can be debated, so that we may
know what it is. But I cannot vote for an
appropriation bill without some explanation
of what it is.
The SPEAKER.*The joint resolution can-
not be debated except by unanimous consent;
and that unanimous consent cannot be asked
during the morning hour on Monday. But if
the point of order is insisted upon, then the
joint resolution must go to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. ECKLEY. Then I ask leave to with-
draw the joint resolution.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. ECKLEY subsequently introduced a
jointresolntion embracing the same provisions
as that, above stated; which was read a first
and second time.
The question being on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. ECKLEY called for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose this subject has
never been before any committee of this
House.
Mr. ECKLEY. Oh, yes; there has been
a unanimous report irom the Committee of
Claims of the last Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and- read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.^
The latter motion was agreed to.
house restaurant.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I submit the
following:
Resolved, Thatt in consideration of the change
made in the privileges of the keeper of the House
restaurant since proposals were made for the same,
the Clerk be authorized to cancel the contract of
William Smelt, and receive now bids for tho privi-
lege of keeping said restaurant.
I offer this resolution at the suggesti6n of my
colleague, [Mr. Spaldistc,] who has been called
from his seat. At the time the contract was let
the keeper of the restaurant 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is this resolution debat-
able?
The SPEAKER. If it gives rise to debate
it will go over under the rule.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not wish
to debate it. I call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Tho
keeper of the restaurant himself desires this.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question; and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes 25, noes 29;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawresoe,
of Ohio, and Mr. Haight were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 55, noes 45.
So tho previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
enrolled bills a>id joint resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
hills and joint resolutions of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 72) to exempt wrapping-
paper made from wood or corn-stalks from
internal tax, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 8) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to suspend the
execution of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouliguy;
An act (S. No. 38) in relation to the ac-
knowledgment of deeds in the District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 77) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to reimburse the State of
West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay-
ing military forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion," approved June 21, 18110;
A joint resolution (S. H. No. 10) for the
relief of the destitute in the southern and
southwestern States ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) directing
the Secretary of TVar to furnish certain arms
and equipments to the State of Tennessee;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) to make
valid the laws of New Mexico passed at the
session of the Legislature held at Santa F6,
from 3d day of December, 1866, to 31st day
of January, 18G7; and
A joint resolution (S. R- No. 29) to termi-
nate a contract of a member of Congress with
the Post Office Department of the L nited States
of America.
claims from insurrectionary states.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to : .
Whereas1 it is alleged that a claims commission oi
he War Department is now .in session m Washing-
ton which has allowed to citizens oi States lately m
rebellion claims growing out of the destruction or
appropriation of, or dama?es«to, property by the
Army of the United States, while engaged m sup-
pressing tho rebellion, some of which claims have
been paid, all of which proceedings, aeeordmg to the
uniform 'understanding previously in this Congress,
are without authority of law: Therefore,
iieiolved, That tho Committee of Claims when ap-
pointed b.o and are instructed to ascertain whether
such claims commission oxis'ts; tho authority th^re-
lor; whether said commission has allowed any claim
or claims without authority of law; whether, if so,
they have been paid, and by .what authority; whether
any appropriation has been made therefor; and what
law, it any, may be necessary or proper i and that
said committee report by bill or otherwise.
meutenant john h. osler.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill for the
relief of Lieutenant John H. Osier, of Guern-
sey county, Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs when appointed.
montana.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution relative to certain acts of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Montana; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask that this res-
olution be put on its passage.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that an act entitled "An act to change
the location of the capital of the Territory of
Montana, also the license, revenue, and Sunday
laws of said Territory," passed at the last ses-
sion of the Legislature of Montana, be excepted
from the provisions of an act, passed at the last
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, entitled
"An act amendatory of an act to provide a
temporary government for tho Territory of
Montana," approved May 20, 1864.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I want to say that
in the general bill providing——
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will not oecupy
more than two or three minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I call the
previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 16, noes 25; no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Ashley, of Ohio,
and Mr. Brooks.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
So th< previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the joint resolution .was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
withdrawal of pavers.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE asked and obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Hiram Slocum.
pay ok committee clerks.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the persons acting as clerks to the
several committees of the House< at the close of tho
Thirty-Ninth Congress shall rcceive pay at the same
ratc'as heretofore during the present session.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 40, noes 40; no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER, -under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Garfield and
Loax.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 49.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WARD. I rise to debate tho resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over under the rules.
joiin perry.
Mr. SPALDING. In order to accommodate
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Baker] I intro-
duce a bill for the relief of John Perry.
The bill was read a first and second time.
