386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
admission to its chamber of the party accused
in his own person or to appear by counsel, it
is competeut for the House to say so, and to
act accordingly. But, sir, where the party is
a subordinate officer of the Government, inca-
pable ijti the nature of things of influencing the
House orany of the members of its committees—
if it be possible either could be influenced under
any circumstances—I stand here to say it is'
simply, an act of injustice and would be a re-
proach on the House to deny the humble peti-
tion of the party charged before our bar, and
deny him the privilege of appearing by his
counsel before your committee and examine
witnesses. I was willing to refer the petition
to the Committee on Public Expenditures, be-
lieving the committee would grant it or refer .
the question back to the House.
Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to say that the
practice of the Congress of the United States
on this subject is by no means uniform. It
may be within the recollection of the honor-
able gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas]
who sits to my right, if he were a member of
Congress at the time, as I believe he was,
when the investigation was made concerning
the privileges of this House alleged to have
been infringed by General Houston, of Texas,
that the defendant was permitted to be present
by counsel and to cross-exafaine in open House.
Is not that so?
Mr. THOMAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I beg leave to make
a further remark. In the matter of the inves-
tigation of charges against a member of this
House in the Thirty-Seventh Congress the
party appeared, not only in person, as I recol-
lect, but also by one of the most learned mem-
bers of the Baltimore bar throughout the in-
vestigation. I beg leave to make the further
remark. If gentleman will turn back to the
published official reports of the Thirty-fifth
Congress tliey will discover in the matter of
the investigation for the impeachment of Judge
Watrous, a district .judge ol' the United States
for the district of Texas, that he appeared in
the sessions of the committee throughout its
examination, ami cross-examined uuder the
direction of his counsel, who was for some time
the Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to know whether, in the case of Watrous, to
which the gentleman refers,<any witnesses were
produced on the part of the defense. When
the gentleman from New York [Mr, Piujyn]
referred to the case of Judge Irwin, where I
was counsel, the l'aets had escaped my recol-
lection. lie was allowed to appear before the
committee by counsel, but produced no wit-
nesses, and no effort on his part was made
to do so.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I will answer tj\e gentle-
man. 1 am not by any means satisfied from
my recollection now, although I was in the Con-
gress of the United States, but in the Thirty-
fifth Congress 1 was not a memberof the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. J remember the
report of the committee andeonsidered iteare-
fully. 1 made some remarks on the subject in
the House, and as it rests in my memory to-
day, although I am by no means certain on the
point, he did call independent testimony, and
did examine witnesses in the committee. This
matter can easily be ascertained. But that does
not alter the question, because by making this
instruction you leave the committee in full pos-
session of their own judgment, and if tiiey have
any doubt about the propriety, as the organ
of this House, of allowing adverse witnesses to
be called on the motion of the accused, they
themselves, according to the custom, will refer
the question to the House, together with such
suggestions as in their discretion they may
see fit.
In making those remarks, Mr. Speaker, I
beg leave to say I do not wish to be under-
stood as intimating for a single moment I
doubt the capacity of the committee to do
full justice to the matter, or its willingness to
do fall justice, for I indicated my confidence
in the committee by making a reference of the
memorial to it. Bat I did it under the impres-
sion that the committee would either of their
own motion grant the petition or refer the
question back'to the House, with such reasons
for or against the application of the petitioner
as they might deem best. But, sir, as this ques-
tion has been made here, not by the House, but
upon that memorial, and in view of all that
has transpired in the case, considering that the
accused is a subordinate officer of the Govern-
ment, I believe that it is due to ourselves-and
to justice and fair dealing to allow him to ap-
pear before the committee, to be heard either
personally or by counsel, and I shall vote for
the resolution.
Mr. COVODE. I ask leave to make a state-
ment.
Mr. PILE. I object.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and there were—ayes 56, noes
25; no quorum voting.
The CHAIR ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Ward and Randall.
The House divided; and tho tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 38; two thirds not voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HULBURD. 1 have no objection to
the rules being suspended and the resolution
being passed. I wanted simply the sense of
tho House on the subject. 1 have no personal
objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
withdrawal of tho motion?
Mr. WARD. I desire the question to be
taken.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any way in which
I can accept: the proposition of the chairman
of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. There is not; the House
has been counted by tollers, and they have
reported that two thirds have not voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. RANDALL. Can I not withdraw the
motion and make it over again?
The CHAIRMAN. There are many mem-
bers who want the floor, and tho Chair would
very likely recognize another gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I will have to ad-
here to my motion.
Tho question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 80, nays 35, not voting 49 ; as follows:
Y £ AS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson. Delos R. Ashley,
Bilker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Buoklnnd, Burr, Butler, Chan-
ler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Dcnison,
Donnelly, JSggleston. Eldridge. i'crriss, ferry, Kelds,
(ii't/,, Giosfdueimcr, Giavcly, Giiswold, Ilaigiit, Iliil-
sey, llnmiUon, Haypf,Hill, Hoi man, Chester B. II ub-
biud, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Keteham, Koontz,
Lailin. William Lawrence, Maliory, Marshall, Mar-
vin, .McCarthy, McC'ullougli, Morrcll, Morrissey,
Minigcn, M.veis, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Perhaiii, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Pruyn, Ran-
dali, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Spalding. Stewart,
Ta.ber, Thomas, Twitehell, Van Anken, Burt Van
Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Itenry
1). Washburn, William Williams, James .1'. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, and Windom—80.
SAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Beaman, Benja-
min, Benton, Boutwell, SidneyClarke, Cook,Covode,
Lckley, Finney, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Lincoln, Lo-
gan, Loughridgo, MeClurg, Mereur, Miller, Moore,
I'ame, Polsley, Saivyer, Scofiekl, Shanks, Smith,
lliaddens Stevens, Tafl'o, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward,Welkor, Thomas Williams, and
VV oodbridge- "
2- ----- —
Br
Br     
ing. Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard. Hulburd,
Ingcrso) I, .Tul lan, Kitchen, (JeorgeV. Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Moorhead, Morgan, Noel], Ortb, Pike, Plants,
Poland, I'omeroy, Price. Raum, Selienck, Selye, Shol-
labarger, Sitgreaves, Aaron 1<\ Stevens, Stone, Taylor,
Van Aernam, Van Wyck, William B.Washburn, Ste-
phen E. Wilson, and Wood—49.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the pa-
pers in the case of the heirs of John E. Bou-
ligny were withdrawn from the files of the
House.
On motion of Mr. KERR, tho papers in the
case of Leonard Smith were withdrawn from
t$e files.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, the papers of
Willi:- m Dorsett, in the case of the French
spoliations, were withdrawn from the files.
leave of absence.
Mr. BEAMAN asked and obtained leave of
absence for tho residue of the session.
government of the rebel states.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing privileged resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Jiesolved, That the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives be directed to present to the Secretary of State
the act entitled "An act supplementary to an act en-
titled 'An act to provideforthemoreeffieient govern-
ment of the rebel States,' passed March 2,1867, and
to facilitate restoration," together with the certifi-
cates of tho Clerk of the House of Representatives
and Secretary of the Senate, showing that the said
act was passed by tho vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congi ess, after the objections of the Presi-
dent thereto had been received, and after the recon-
sideration of said act by both Houses in accordance
with the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dredging mouth of mississippi.
Mr. PILE. I ask unanimous con-sent to in-
troduce for consideration at this time a joint
resolution to authorize the Secretary of War to
build dredge-boats for use at the mouth of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. COVODE. I object.
Mr. PILE. I will ask to have the joint res-
olution read for information, and then I will
ask leave to make a short explanation.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of War, on the re-
commendation of the engineer department, to
build and operate two dredge-boats for' the
purpose of deepening and keeping open the
channel of one or more of the passes at the
mouth of the Mississippi, and to expend for
that purpose so much as may be necessary of
the present appropriations for the improve-
ment of the mouth of the Mississippi river.
Mr. PILE. It will be seen that no appropria-
tion is made by this joint resolution.' Ithasbeen
found by experience that the mouths of the Mis-
sissippi river cannot be opened and kept open
by contract, as tho law now requires the work to
be done; for so soon as the work is done, and
tho contractor paid off, the mouths of the river
are again filled up within a few weeks by the
light sand brought down by tho waters of the
Mississippi. The engineer department says the
only practical way of keeping the channels
open is by tho constant use of dredge-boats
there. I hope the joint resolution will pass.
Mr. CHANLER. I must object, unless the
resolution is so amended as to include the
mouths of all the rivers on our coast.
Mr. PILE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended to allow the introduction and consider-
ation of the joint resolution at this time.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; two thirds voting iu the affirmative.
The joint resolution was introduced, read a
first and second time, ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
unexpended moneys in navy department.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at this time a joint
resolution to cover into the Treasury of the
United States unexpended moneys now in the
control of the Navy Department.
Mr. BROOKS. Let it be read.
