1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
the House of Representatives, announcing his
intention to contest the right o/Hon! William
H. Hooper to a seat as a Delegate from Utah
Territory; -which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
adjournment op congress.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the Senate:
In Senate of the United States,
March 25,1867.
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to request
th e House of Representatives to return to the Senate
its resolution passed on the 23d instant fixing a day
for tho adjournment of Congress, and sent to the
House for concurrence.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY. Secretary.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the request of the Senate will be granted.
There was no objection, and it was
Ordered, That tho Clerk return to the Senate, in
accordance with its request, the resolution fixing the
day for the adjournment of Congress.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked indefinite leave of
absence for Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.
Leave was granted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, asked indefinite
leave of absence for Mr. Shellabarger.
Leave was granted.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. SCHENCK asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
memorial of Vice Admiral Porter in behalf of
the widow and children of D. P. Heap, late a
paymaster in the United States Army.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move.that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
bridges.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 18) entitled "An aet declaring a
bridge to be constructed ov.er the Missouri
river at or near the town of St. Charles, and
a bridge to be .constructed over the Mississippi
river at or near the city of Louisiana, in the
State of Missouri, and a bridge to be con-
structed over the Missouri river, at or near
Leavenworth, Kansas, to be legal structures
and post roads;" which was read a first and
second time. •
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that this bill will
be put upon its passage now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads when appointed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion. It is very import-
ant that this bill should bo passed at the pres-
ent session.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to
withdrawing the motion to refer until the gen-
tleman from Missouri shall have offered his
amendment.
Mr. LOAN. I move to amend by adding at
the end of section five the following:
Provided, That the company or parties building
said bridge shall first obtain authority for the con-
struction thereof from the States of Missouri ana
Kansas.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the^ bill
and amendment be referred to the Committee
on Commerce when appointed. This seems
to be a more appropriate committee than the
Committee on the Post Office
;uiumn«.v,     J and Post Roads.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion to allow me to offer
an amendment, which is to add these words :
Provided, That such bridges shall not be a serious
impediment to the navigation of the river.
Mr. ANDERSON. I think that is already
in the bill.
The SPEAKER. Those words are in the
1,1 Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion Qn the motion to reier.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On the motion to refer there were—ayes 41,
noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Benjamin and
Holman.
The House divided; and the.tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 35.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
and pending amendment were ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN moyed to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also Inoved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent that
the following proposed amendment may be
referred to the Committee on Commerce along
with the bill just referred to that committee:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the bt. Jo-
seph and Denver City Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion organized under and by authority of the laws ot
the State of Kansas, its successors or assigns, is au-
thorized and empowered to construct a bridge across
the Missouri river at or within two miles of tho cor-
porate limits of the city of St. Joseph, Missouri, upon
the same terms and conditions provided for in tins
act in relation to the bridges at St. Charles and Louisi-
ana : Provided, That the consent of tho State of Mis-
souri shall be obtained before the work on said bridge
is commenced.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was ordered to be referred to the Committee
on Commerce when appointed.
diplomatic costume.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 39, concerning
the uniform of persons in the diplomatic ser-
vice of the United Stales; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that all persons
in the diplomatic service of the United States
are prohibited from wearing any uniform or
special costume not previously authorized by
Congress.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be put upon its passage, and demand the
previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs some reason for passing a resolution of
that kind. , . .
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I tlnnk it is a
question well understood, I am sure, by every
member of this House. It prohibits the wear-
ing of uniforms at the Courts of Europe or
elsewhere by persons in the diplomatic ser-
vice of the United States except that author-
ized by Congress. It is so clear a question
that, in my judgment, argument in its support
is not at all needed.
Mr. SPALDING. I think a citizen s dress
which answers for a citizen in society in our
own country ought to be good enough for any
person in our diplomatic service at any for-
eign Court. I am opposed to any uniform or
court dress being worn by any of our diplo-
malic representatives abroad. ^ The resolution
is a good one, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. BANICS. It is to require that the dip-
lomatic representatives of this countryat for-
eign Courts shall wear citizen's dress. Officers
of*the Army and Navy will of course be priv-
ileged to wear the uniform of their rank,
vield to the gentleman from Ohio. _
Mr. SCHENCK. This resolution sounds
very democratic. The provisfbn, I believe,
is simple and short, that no representative of
our Government abroad shall wear a costume
of any kind unless prescribed by Congress.
As Congress has never prescribed any it means,
if it means anything, that they shall wear none
at all. [Laughter.] They shall wear, says my
colleague, a citizen's dress. Vr ill any gentle-
man tell me what is the citizen's dress of any
citizen of the United States ? The gentleman
says it is a dress coat and a white cravat, i
suppose he will-also include white gloje?.
Iknow an instance of a consul of the I mted
.States, an excellent gentleman from Virginia,
who came out under Mr. Marcv's administra-
tion, when 1 had the honor myself to be abroad.
He represented to me that he was full of the
idea of complying with the Democratic order
which Mr. Marcy had just made, that our offi-
cers abroad should only appear in citizen's cos-
tume. He desired to appear at the Court of
liisTmperial Majesty of Brazil, and I told him
that he would find it rather awkward to go in
that way. However, I give an intimation -to
the minister of foreign affairs and it was ar-
ranged, although contrary to the etiquette of
the Court, that he should go as he desired.
He determined to wear a chapeau claque so aa
not to show what is never seen at Court, a big
round hat. He put on what he supposed to be
the dress intended by his Government, a black
stfallow-tail coat, white cravat, and white kid
gloves. We were received in the ante-room.
He was the only blackbird among the repre-
sentatives of all the different nations who were
there with their secretaries and with officers of
the army and navy of the respective countries
who sought to be presented. This American
consul alone in this garb was seen finally by
one of the chamberlains.
Mr. SPALDING. What did the gentleman
wear himself?
Mr. SCHENCK. If my colleague is curious
I will tell him presently.
I saw the chamberlain whispering to the
French minister and pointing to this gentle-
man. The French minister came over after
awhile and said to me, "Is he not the new
American consul?" I told him that he was.
He then said that the chamberlain had mis-
taken him for one of the servants who had ob-
truded himself into the ante-room, [laughter,]
it being understood that servants everywhere
abroad dressed precisely in that style, with white
cravat, black coat, and white gloves. I inter-
posed with the chamberlain, going to him and
giving the proper explanation, that it was ac-
cording to the order of the minister of foreign
affairs in case this consul should insist on
being presented in that way. The consul went
in. When we came out from the. audience
room, backing out in the usual way, I wanted
him to pause in another ante-room and look
around at the two hundred dignitaries of the
church and Court, because he_ had probably
never seen such an array, and it was a matter
of interest to me as well as to him. "No,"
said lie, "for God's sake let us get out of ib.
1 feel like a fool. I know they are laughing at
me. for I heard the Empress say something to
her maids of honor, and I saw the grin on their
faces. I am sure it was all about me. If God
will forgive me, no matter what Mr. Marcy'a
order may be, I never will come to Court again,
if I come at all, and make such a booby ot my-
self by trying to look different from everybody
else ''
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to know
what the gentleman wore?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman wants to
know what I wore.
Mr. SPALDING. I do.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I wore the ordinary
court costume, which is a blue coat with an
embroidered wreath around and upon the
lapels and cuffs. I did it because I was unwil-
ling to appear singular, and for the same reason
that I would not go in my shirt-sleeves to a
party here in the United Statos 
because 1 was unwilling to appear differently
from the usage prevailing in the country where
I WaS" , • • T ,,
Now, the exception to this is, and they are
always glad to see such exceptions, that per-
sons who have filled military positions m the
Army and Navy who go abroad are considered
as completely en rigle, for they wear the
uniform to which they have been entitled as
officers of the Army or Navy. This resolu-
tion I suppose is for the purpose of stripping
anybody who may be sent abroad who is enti-
tled to wear the Army and Navy costume. It
certainly does that.
