S44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 26,
are correct. If they shall not be found to be
correct, I shall be most glad. But I call the
attention of the Senator to the Tact that the
law allows that company to work for three hun-
dred miles ahead of a continuous, completed
line, and it is scarcely possible that they could
not find some way to exercise their eijergy on
that road during'the winter months. In addi-
tion to that, they have had from 1864, when
the^ second Pacific railroad bill was passed,
until the present winter set in, during which
to deposit their iron: I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senator to those facts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I only take a
general interest of course in this road; but the
impression made on my mind, from the re-
marks of the Senator, is that the company are
not doing their duty.
Mr. CONNESS. I think not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that the direction of that road is not in the
Government; that it is in the company, and
the company has its rights by its charter. Now,
whether they go fast or slow according to the
judgment of my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia is not the question ; and although I
should have very great confidence in what might
be his judgment on a state of facts of which he
had accurate knowledge, I will suggest to him
it is rather a serious matter on a great work
like this, in which the country feels so deep a
solicitude, to arraign them before the Senate,
for it is hardly less than an arraignment. To
say that a company that has charge of so great
a work as that are neglectfnl of their duty is at
least to advertise the country that they are not
sufficiently vigilant in the prosecution of a great
work in which the whole country arc interested.
I do not understand that the Government
of the United States have anything to do with
the execution or prosecution of that work so
long as the company keeps itself within the
provisions of its charter. There may be a
pretty broad field for criticism outside per-
haps of the actual duties which devolve upon
these parties in the execution of this great
work, outside of the exact provisions of their
charier; but I will suggest to the honorable
Senator that all that was purposely left to this
company hv the Government of the United
States. That is a province of discretion which
belongs to them and does not belong to the
Government, and necessarily, because in the
prosecution of stick a work as this the Gov-
ernment could not foresee exactly the circum-
stances under which this company might be
able to press it with vigor now andjo suspend
its operations at some other time. The criti-
cism of my honorable friend may in one sense
be true, that they do not go as fast as he could
desire and as the public expects possibly, and
it may bo a very severe ccnsure on them, and
yet it may be as unjust a thing as my honora-
ble friend could say in regard to those who
have the charge of that work and the great
enterprise itself. I am not saying it is so, but
I am simply saying that when IhoSenator rises
here and employs language with reference to
this company which is to go to the country at
large, and makes a statement in which he con-
trasts the lethargy or inaction of this company
with the commendable energy of the company
on the other end, he will see that he is in
danger, if they are not very much in fault, of
doing that company a very great injury.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
mo to say a word at this point?
Mr. MORRILL, ot Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I made the contrast to
show one point, and that is that such an eleva-
tion as placed the operations of one of these
companies in deep snows was not a sufficient
reason for a cessation of labor. That was what
I confined myself to.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire what is im-
mediately before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
munication •from the Secretary of the Interior
will be read again, if it if desired.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the motion before
the Senate?
The PRESIDENT#™ tempore. The mo tion
is to refer this communication to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I shall vote for
that reference. I have but one word to say on
this subject. The' honorable Senator from
California wishes me, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, to take notice
of the fact, which he alleges, that there has
been some dereliction on the part of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company "in the prosecution
of their work during the past winter, and he
alleges that there has been nothing done or
very little done upon their route during or since
the commencement of winter. I do not know
how this may be. I have not been informed
by any report or by any official communication
upon the subject whether they have or have
not been guilty of a stoppage of their work
during the winter. I know this, however, from
all sources of information which are to be relied
upon, that that company have prosecuted their
work with most commendable diligence and
energy during the last year. I think when the,
facts shall be known to the country as they
actually exist, there will be found no ground
whatever of censure toward that company in
reference to the prosecution of their work.
From what I learn they have been remarkably
energetic in that prosecution. In saying this
f do not intend to disparage the California
company, which has shown certainly an equal
alacrity and an equal energy in the prosecution
of their portion of the work. If the Union
Pacific Railroad Company have seen fit to
intermit their operations during the winter
season, I think it is fair and reasonable to pre-
sume that there have been obstacles in the way
which justified that intermission; and I would
not be understood as casting any censure upon
the company in this regard. On the other
hand, I believe that the company are entitled
to praise for their activity and the force and
energy with which they have carried on the
work.
But, sir, what can Congress do about it?
The company are bound by their charter to
complete the whole of this work within a given
period of time, and their charter allows them
to do it in their own way, subject to the restric-
tions contained in their charter; and I am not
able to see, I confess, the propriety of attempt-
ing to launch any legislation here on the sub-
ject. If they are guilty of a breach of their
charier there is a remedy well known to the
law which can be enforced against them.
They know it, and the world knows it; and if
they commit a violation of their charter it is
at their peril; so that every motive of private
interest urges them to perform their work
promptly, honestly, and well; and I believe
from my own information that they are so
doing at the present time.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is due to the
company constructing this road that I should
sayt> in addition to what has been said by the
chairman of the committee, that this company
has not intermitted its work only so far forth
as the character of the weather compelled it
to do so. When the frosts set in in the early
part of the winter, and the ground became so
frozen that it became impossible for them to
grade the shallow grading that was necessary
to be done on the part of the work on which
they were engaged, they stopped grading and
putting down ties and rails ; but they continued
their work in the construction of machinery
and in purchasing and shipping iron ; and I
have been informed by one of the officers of
the company that they now have in possession
and on the way to the line of tfiis road enough
iron to lay the track to the Laramie Plains,
beyond the first bold ridge of the Rocky mount-
ains, and are prepared to commence the work
as soon as the frost is out of the ground, and
put down the track at the rate of two miles a
day, which will be something more than the
work progressed during the last year, which
has been properly said to be more rapidly than
ever a railroad was constructed before. The
company has built during the past year more
miles of road than the law required them to
build during that period. They have therefore
more than fulfilled their contract.
The Senator from California, however, has
truthfully said that they might have been pros-
ecuting the work probably on the deep cuts in
the Rocky mountains ; but they found, in look-
ing at the legislation recently had by Congress
on this subject, that they were cut o(f from the
subsidy that they were entitled to under the
original law. Under the original law they
were able to go on ahead at any distance on
the line of the road and prosecute the work
and .draw one half of the cost of the work from
the Government; but during the last Congress,
whether wisely or unwisely I am not prepared
to say, that charter was so modified as to ren-
der it impossible for them to do this more than
three hundred miles in advance of the com-
pleted terminus of the road. I believe it is
about six hundred miles from Omaha to the
foot of the Rocky mountains. They have com-
pleted over three hundred miles. The addi-
tional three hundred miles will enable them
perhaps to touch the base of the Rocky mount-
ains ; but if they have entered the mountains
and commenced work they would have been
unable to draw the subsidy which they would
have been entitled to under the old bill.
I think it probable, however, that the Sena-
tor from California wishes to bring out the fact
that obstructions have been thrown in the way
of this company, and that there has not been*
intentional neglect on their part. The law re-
quires the President of the United States to fix
the point on the line of this road where the east-
ern base of the Rocky mountains commences,
beyond which for a certain period they are
allowed to draw a subsidy to the extent of
$48,000 per mile, instead of $16,000, on that
part of the line lying east of the eastern base
of the Rocky mountains. This company ap-
plied to the Secretary of the Interior, as I have
understood, in December last to have that point
fixed on the line of the road by the Govern-
ment, which would have enabled them to make
contracts for the construction of that part of
the work which they might have prosecuted
during the winter months. I have been told
that up to this time that point has not been
fixed for some reason. Probably they have
been unable to send out engineers to eolleet
the facts necessary" to enable the President to
make a judicious decision. But whatever the
facts may have been justifying this delay on the
part of the Government, the company are not
in default. They applied three months since
to have that point fixed, which would have ena-
bled them to do upon this side of the mount-
ainous section of this road what the California
company is doing on the western side of these
ranges. I think when the facts shall have all
been brought to the attention of the public it
will be ascertained that this company has more
than fulfilled its contract; it has constructed
more road than it was required to construct
under the law under which it was acting, and is
not in default in any respect, and will not be.
in the future.
Mr. THAYER. I would not trouble the
Senate with any remarks on this qoestion ex-
cept for the fact that this road runs through the
entire State which I have the honor in part to
represent on this floor, and in justice to the
company who have had the building of this
road I feel it my duty to give utterance to a
few words. I was surprised yesterday when
the resolution was introduced by the honorable
Senator from California—not that he intended
any injustice to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly not.
Mr. TIIAYER. I am satisfied of that. He
intends no injustice whatever; but from my
knowledge of the facts I am compelled to say
that even instituting all inquiry on the subject,
implying that there is a neglect, does .them
great injustice ; for I stand here to say that no
improvement in ancient or modern times was
ever prosecuted with sueh untiring energy, with
such resistless force, and with means such us
