1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. OLOIB.
that company has used. Three hundred and
five miles of continuous road were built last
year, and they were only stoppled by the power
of the elements, stopped because it was beyond
human energy to prosecute it during this win-
ter. As to what has been done on the Pacific
slope I have no knowledge except the infor-
mation given by the Senator from California ;
but I have ^seen statements that the snow in
that region is five, ten, fifteen, and twenty feet
deep. If a railroad can be built there under
such circumstances I yield to them the palm.
It is most extraordinary. No records will
present a like fact.
Now, sir, this has been the most remarkable
winter in the West that that distinguished per-
sonage, ''the oldest inhabitant," has had any
knowledge of. There have been snows such
as have never fallen before.. They have stopped
the progress of all works. But while this com-
pany have been stopped they have not been
idle. They have been concentrating at the
end of this three hundred miles of road an
immense amount of material which they are
now about to use. They have been getting
iron out there in immense quantities, and en-
gines, and all the paraphernalia of a railroad,
just'as fast as the means of communication
have enabled them to do. When the naviga-
tion closed on the Missouri river they were
stopped for a while from getting any further
material out there. The Northwestern rail-
road across the State of Iowa was not com-
pleted until the latter part of January, I be-
lieve. Since that has been completed they
have exhausted all the means at their command
in forwarding materials to be used when the
spring opens.
If I heard the Senator correctly, he stated
that a traveler reaching Omaha was detained
a week before he could go on East. Was that
correct?
Mr. CONNESS. That was at the western
terminus before he could travel to Omaha—
at the western end of the three hundred miles.
Mr. THAYER. How long was he detained?
Mr. CONNESS. One week.
Mr. THAYER. I do not doubt that, for
such an immense body of snow has fallen on
the line of that road that there was not means
enough at the command of the company to
open it. So it has been in Iowa. I recollect
when the New York Central and railroads in
New England were blocked up three days this
winter at different times. Trains were snowed
up within a few miles of Albany, kept over
night, I believe six hours, and nobody thought
the New York Central Railroad Company had
lacked in energy or shown bad management.
It was simply because .the elements have been
against human energy, and human energy could
not overcome them at once. I can tell the
honorable Senator from California that this
company are using all the means at their com-
mand and pushing forward with extraordinary
energy to construct their road. I hope he will
withdraw his motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, what is
proposed by me, namely, to refer the commu-
nication of the Secretary of the Interior to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, means
nothing but that that committee may get the
facts, and if those facts go to the credit of that
company no one will be more glad than I.
The only interest I have in this matter is the
interest of the entire country that all the en-
ergy which can be applied shall be applied to
the construction of this great work. It is due
to myself as well as due to the company to
say that I have no feelings toward them but a
pride in their organization and in what they
have done ; but I believe, from the facts which
have come to my mind, that they might have.
done still more, and the country requires it.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish simply to say, in eon-
junction with the remarks that have been made
by the Senator from Iowa and by my colleague,
that it is not becoming that, I should be silent
on this occasion when I have been impressed,
as other men have been, with the wonderful
energy and the indefatigable perseverance of
those having control .of the Union Pacific rail-
road.; and when I know that whatever, they
have done, and whatever they will do, will be
amply vindicated at all times b.y the facts of
the case. And yet I am not quite satisfied
that there should be a reference of this matter.
I am not quite twilling to imply that it is at all
possible that any dereliction should be ascer-
tained'in regard to that company of such great
fidelity and wonderful perseverance. I would
therefore move, whether T be in order or out
of order, that the document and the subject
lie upon the table.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this communication lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 8G) for the
relief of George W. Ashburn was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 37) to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to build dredge-
boats for use at the mouth of the Mississippi
river was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an ap-
propriation for improving the harbor at the
mouth of the Menomonee river, between the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Mrs. Ann Dycher, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
CLAIMS OF SOUTHERN CREDITORS.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 1) relative to claims of certain northern
creditors, report it back with amendments,1
and recommend its passage; and as it has
passed the House of Representatives, and must
go back with the amendments, and it is import-
ant that there should be action at the present
session. I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that the congress of the
confederate States ordered the sequestration
and confiscation of all the debts due from in-
habitants of the southern States to their cred-
itors residing in the loyal States; and that
there was paid to the Citizens' Bank of New
Orleans, prior to the 1st day of May, 18G2, a
sum exceeding half a million dollars, the pro-
ceeds of such confiscation of northern credits,
of which there remained to the credit of the
confederate State receivers in such bank the
sum of $219,090 94 only on the 1st day of
May, at the time of the occupation of the city
of New Orleans by the forces of the United
States, which sum, by the order of the general
then commanding the department of the Gulf,
was seized for the benefit of the northern
creditors whose debts had been thus confis-
cated, and was by him sent to the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States, to be by
him held in trust for the benefit of those north-
ern creditors ; and owing to a doubt entertained
by the Secretary of the Treasury as to his legal
authority to distribute said sum of §219,090 94
among the creditors to whom it belongs, and
to determine the rights of each to his_ portion
thereof, the money has lain thus undisturbed
in the Treasury since July, 1862, to the great
injury and detriment of the just and lawful
owners thereof, although they have made many
applications to have the same.^ The resolution,
therefore, proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to appoint a commission of
three persons, one of whom shall be learned
in the law, to hear and determine the various
claims of the parties who are entitled to said
sum of $219,090 94, ratably among the persons
who shall present their claims and be entitled
thereto, to an amount not exceeding the claim
of each when confiscated, iwith interest thereon
but «ny claim which shali not be presented
within three months after .public notice of a
meeting of commissioners to receive such claim
shall not be allowed or paid -by order of the
commissioners; and the cost of thf* commis-
sion is to be paid out of the money.
The Committee on Claims proposed to amend
the resolution by striking out all after the word
"law" in line five and inserting:
To take atul roporfc to Congress evidence -in sap-
port of the claims of tho scvcr&l parties whoso dobts
were sequestrated and contributed to produce said
sum of #178,897 50, together with ttie date at which
such.debts were contracted, *and the interest accrued
thereon to the date of such report: Provided, That
said commission shall give public notice of the time
and place at which such claims shall be presented by
advertising the same in some newspaper published
in each of the cities of Boston, Now York, Philadel-
phia, and New Orleans, for thrco months; and no
elaim shnll be considered unless it shall be presented
at or before the time so advertised: And provided
further, That tho cost of said commission shall be
-paid out of said money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
the preamble "5219,090 94" in two places
and insert " §178,897 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the joint resolution
read a third time. The joint resolution was
read the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 115) to enforce the several provisions of
the Constitution abolishing slavery, declaring
the immunities of citizens, and guarantying a
republican form of government, by securing
the elective franchise to colored citizens ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the bill be
printed, and lie on the table. I should like to
call up this bill for consideration. It is a very
important bill, intended to cut the Gordian
knot of the suffrage question throughout the
whole country.
The motion was agreed to.
LINCOLN MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have directed me to re-
port back the bill (S. No. 112) to incorporate
the Lincoln Monument Association, and recom-
mend its passage ; and I should like to have it
acted on now. It will occupy but a moment.
I suppose no Senator will object to its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to constitute Alexander W. Randall,
James Itarlan, Alexander Ramsey, Nathaniel
P. Banks, Sidney Perliam, John Conness, John
T. Wilson, Godlove S. Orth, Delos R. Ashley,
Halbert E. Paine, Charles O'Neill, Burt Yan
Horn, John F. Driggs, Frederick E. Wood-
bridge, Jacob Benton, John Hill, Shelby M.
Cullom, Thomas A. Jenckes, Orin S. Ferry,
N. B. Smithers, Francis Thomas, Samuel Mc-
Kee, Horace Maynard, John F. Benjamin,
Rufus Mallory, Sidney Clarke, Daniel Polsley,
Walter A. Burleigh, John Taffe, and their suc-
cessors, a body-corporate in the District of
Columbia, by the name of the Lincoln Monu-
ment Association, for the purpose of erecting
a monument in the city of Washington, com-
memorative of the great charter of emancipa-
tion and universal liberty in America.
Mr. W1LLEY. I suggest whether there
ought not to be some provision made for the
security of the funds which may come into the
hands of this corporation. To test the sense
of the Senate on the subject I move to amend
the bill by adding at the close of the fifth sec-
tion these words:
The treasurer shall execute a bond, in such penalty
as may bo required, conditioned for the safe-Keeping
of the funds ot the corporation which iaay come into
his hands, and for tho faifoful discharge of the duties
reauired of.him.
The amendment was agreed to.
