1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In support of this amendment I desire to
say that while this agricultural college scrip
has been of no particular advantage to the
non-land-holding Slates, it has been a great
turse to the land States of the West. As the
honorable Senator from Indiana has said, this
scrip prevents the Government's selling land,
because the scrip can be bought in the market
at fifty, sixty, or seventy cents an acre, while
the Government price of land is $1 25. The
result is that large quantities of it are bought
up by speculators, and fifty or sixty or one
hundred thousand acres of beautiful lands in
the West are entered in a body by those per-
sons who can afford to lay out of their money
ten or fifteen years, and the result is to keep
the country without settlers and destroy the
settlement and progress of the States of the
West. The whole of this agricultural college
scrip business is nothing but a curse ; it has
done no good ; it has done and will inevitably
do a great deal of harm hereafter. I hope the
Senate will at least adopt this amendment, so
that if we cannot now absorb or take back
this scrip, we may at least regulate its entry
in such a manner as to produce less mischief,
by confining the location to five or six sections
in one township, thus distributing it over the
whole country, instead of closing up a county,
or two or three counties, against settlement.
I hope that out of consideration to the peo-
ple oa the frontier the Senate "will adopt this
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not move that amendment on this bill. In the
first plate, it is not germane to the bill. The
bill is to restrain the issuing of scrip to States
that have lately been in rebellion until their
State organizations shall have been recognized
by Congress.
Mr. YATES. I know something about the
operations in this scrip.
Mr. POMEEOY. But that question is not
in this bill.
Mr. YATES. But I wish to refer to the fact
that it is below par in the market, and to sug-
gest that in my judgment the reason for that
is because it cannot be entered in small sub-
divisions. An individual desiring to enter forty
or eighty acres of land cannot do it with this
scrip.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be used to enter a
quarter section.
Mr. YATES. I think the great reason why
it is below par is because it cannot be used in
entering the smaller sub-divisions. There can
be no other reason why it should be lower in
the market than land warrants. If the Sena-
tor from Kansas would offer an amendment to
allow the scrip to be used in entering smaller
sub-divisions than a quarter section, it seems
to me the result would be to appreciate the
price of this scrip in the market to the value
of land warrants.
Mr. POMEROY. There could be no objec-
tion to the amendment suggested by ths Sena-
tor from Illinois, except that it cannot properly
be offered to this bill. This is to restrain the
officers of the land department from issuing
this scrip to States that have been in rebellion,
and whose governments are not recognized by
Congress. Whenever the bill shall be before
Congress to modify the agricultural college
law, it may be well so to modify it as to pro-
vide that the scrip shall be issued in quarter
sections and half quarters. I should have no
objection to that, but think it would be an
improvement." But this bill having already
passed the House of Representatives, and scrip
being now ready for issue to the States of Vir-
ginia, Georgia, and Mississippi, it was deemed
by those familiar with the subject wisest to
restrain that issue until their State governments
are restored. This measure, if it be passed at
all, must I suppose be passed to-day; and it
is better not to send it back to the other House
with an amendment. I hope no amendment
will be adopted which will make it necessary
to send the bill back to the House of Repre-
sentatives ; because in that way we may fail m
securing what we want. However good any
amendments may be in themselves, I hope they
will not be placed on this bill, because they
are not applicable.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the evil were not so great
and crying a one I should not press my amend-
ment at this time"; but I hope the Senate will
gratify me and gratify the people I represent,
as well as other far western States, by adopting
this amendment at this time.
In answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from Illinois, I will say that the country might
have been relieved in a large measure from the
unfavorable operation of this scrip if the Com-
mittee on Public Lands had agreed to a bill
which I introduced at the opening of the ses-
sion and had referred to them, making this
scrip useful to preemptors by allowing them
to pay for their preemptions with' it. The
committee thought otherwise, and refused to
report in favor of the bill. Of course one
incident of such legislation as that would have
been to increase the price of scrip. That was
not my motive in introducing the bill, though
of course it would have followed as a neces-
sary incident. My desire was to give a health-
ful flow to the scrip, to let the preemptors pay
for their preemptions with it, instead of paying,
as they now do, either in land warrants or in
money. It seems to me there could have been
no reasonable objection to allowing them to
buy this scrip and pay for their preemptions
with it; and the result of that policy would
have been to secure to the country a settler
for each piece of scrip. That committee, how-
ever, have not viewed that proposition in the
light in which I do. 3f they had reported that
bill favorably, and the Senate had passed it,
we should have been relieved in a great meas-
ure from the oppressive effects of the legisla-
tion of Congress under which this scrip was
issued. As it is, I hope the Senate will ex-
tend the slight relief which this amendment
which I have offered will afford.
Mr. MORTON. My objection to this bill is
that it authorizes the issue of scrip when those
States shall have been reconstructed.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the law now.
Mr. MORTON. I insist that not another
acre of scrip shall be issued. Let me state one
fact in connection with the sale of this scrip,
to show the operation of the law. One house
in Detroit purchased scrip to the amount of
nine hundred thousand acres, and bought it at
fifty, fifty-two, and fifty-five cents an acre. It
is the best arrangement that has ever been made
for land speculators. The law prohibits the
States from locating the scrip, because that
would create a monopoly; but it permits per-
sons to purchase scrip for fifty cents an aero
or whatever they can buy it for, and locate it
and hold the lands. One man has purchased
scrip and located it now to the amount of ninety
thousand acres, which cost him about fifty cents
per acre. The Government could have sold that
land at $1 25 per acre ; but of course the Gov-
ernment can sell no lands while persons can
buy scrip at fifty cents an acre. It would have
been much better for the Government to have
given to each State a dollar instead of each
acre of land, and then to have sold the land at
$1 25 per acre. The States would have rea-
lized double the amount of money, and the
Government "would have done better in the
end. In its practical operation there never
was, in my opinion, a more unwise measure,
and as this bill permits the _ reconstructed
States to obtain scrip, I think it ought to be
amended in that respect. _
Mr. HOWE. I have only a single word to
remark, and that is to express my gratifica-
tion at what has just been said by the Senator
from Indiana, in which he is substantially cor-
roborated by the Senator from Minnesota. I
happened to be here at the time the bill passed
making this provision for agricultural colleges,
and I felt myself called upon to protest against,
it. I thought it was one of the heaviest blows
which had been struck at the settlement of the
new States. I had had occasion to know some-
thing of the effects of land monopolies upon
those States. I remember to have said in
the course of that debate that I was entirely
willing to set aside to the use of each of the
States the proceeds of a quantity of land equal
to that mentioned in the bill; but I did think
that we ought to insist upon still retaining in
the Government the disposition of lh£ lands ;
but that policy was not observed. I wish the
Senator from Indiana had been here at that
time to have added the weight of his counsel
to my own. I think the West would have been
saved from a very great injury, which has
already been inflicted upon it through the ope#-
ations of that bill. What can be done hereaf-
ter to relieve against these injuries I do not
know. I am not sure that we ought to do any-
thing now to embarrass the passage of the bill
before us. I agree with the Committee on
Public Lands that this bill ought to pass, and
ought to pass at once ; and anxious asi-I am to
see such a provision adopted as that proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota, confident as I
am that it will do something to relieve the
western States from the injurious operations
of the former law, yet I think we had better
postpone action than to put it upon the bill
now before the Senate. Every one knows, or
at least every one hopes, or at least I hope,
that we are near the hour of adjournment. To
put this amendment or any other on the bill
and necessitate the sending of it back to the
House of Representatives may endanger its
final passage ; and I think it very important
that this bill should become a law before we
adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the policy of the
original bill will aot enter into the discussion
of the question of the passage of this bill. This
is not a question whether the law was a good
one or a bad one. It is a law, and the States
have availed themselves of it. The States in
rebellion will, I hope, bo in a condition to avail
themselves of it at some time. I think they
are not in that condition now, and this is merely
a proposition to restrain the issue of scrip to
them until they are restored. The House of
Representatives acted promptly on information
being furnished them from the Land Office, and
I think it important that the Senate should al&o
act promptly. I hope any amendment not ger-
mane to the measure, like the one proposed by
the Senator from Minnesota, will not be adopted.
Its only tendency will be to defeat a measure
which it is very important should be passed at
this session.
Mr. RAMSEY. The amendment is entirely
germane. It is in reference to agricultural col-
lege scrip. The joint resolution is to restrain
the issue of scrip to certain States.^ My amend-
ment is to restrain the location of it. Certainly
the House of Representatives could act on the
amendment, and donbtless would act favorably
in fifteen minutes if it wore sent to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
BAKKKCJPT LAW.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 106) fixing the time at
which the act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States, ap-
proved March 2, 1867, shall go into effect.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As I understand it, those
who favor the bankrupt law, 3S well as those
who arc in opposition to it, are in favor of the
bill which is now under consideration. I de-
sire, however, to amend the bill by striking
out the words "June next" ani^ inserting
"January, 1868;" and on this amendment I
desire to say a few words. _
The bankrupt law which this bill is intended
to perfect releases those who have heretofore
become bankrupt and are disabled from prose-
cuting the busincss of life. It refers also to
those who are now occupied in the business
of life. The former class desire it to go into
