348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
operation immediately; the other class desire,
if it must go into effect, that there shall be a
future time fixed for it, so that they can regu-
late their business arrangements in conformity
to the law. When the law was passed it was
thought by those who advocated it that there
■was a future time specified when it was to take
effect j but on a close inspection of the law
since its passage it has been found that it goes
into effect immediately upon its passage, but
that no proceedings can be instituted under it
until the 1st of June. The business men of
the country have been anxiously waiting to
know when it went into operation. Their
notes become due, and the settlement of their
business and the prosecution of their business
is of every-day occurrence. That cannot stop ;
something must be done ; and they must know«
when tfeey are to conform to the regulations
established by Congress.
I do not mean by what I now say to indi-
cate any opposition to a bankrupt law. I am
inclined in some respects to favor such a
measure. I believe that it is proper that a
man engaged in business in Iowa should have
security in some general regulations and laws
so that his operations shall be protected to the
same extent of a man in business in Rhode
Island; that a man engaged in one State shall
not receive favor at the hands of the iocal
Legislature detrimental to those engaged in
business in another State.
We have had in this country heretofore two
experiments of a bankrupt Jaw, and both
failed ; both were imperfect. They failed be-
cause those engaged in business and who were
to be affected by the operations of the law were
not sufficiently educated in its workings and
its machinery. They believed that everything
that was of disadvantage to them was to be
attributed to the operations of the law. To
some extent they wore right; but in a great
degree they were wrong. I believe that it is
important for the interests of the trade of this
country that there shall bo some general regu-
lation upon which all business engagements
shall be conducted and regulated. I am dis-
inclined, and shall ever be disinclined, to favor
the repeal of this law, if there is any chance
for its remaining a permanent institution ; but
it must bo plain to every Senator that if the
business world believes that all the ill effects
that may occur from its passage may be
attributed to this law they will unite with those
who would be relieved of their debts and those
who will bo hereafter petitioning for a bank-
rupt law to be released from their creditors ;
and those two uniting will in the end as cer-
tainly defeat the measure as that you have
already passed it.
If you can give time whereby the business
interests of this country can conform their
operations to this law and thoroughly under-
stand it, my word for it, it will go into effect
satisfactorily to all the interests that are affected
by it; but if it is forced upon them at a period
when all the inequalities and irregularities
growing out of the business connections of the
past five years are producing their effect, if all
these difficulties are to be thrust into this one
year for a settlement, and all the disadvantages
which the speculations and the losses and the
failures in business operations are concentrated
in this one year, the bankrupt law will be
charged with all those disadvantages, and they
will attribute them all to the law; and the
troubles growing out of difficulties of the
past will be saddled upon it. My judgment is
that if a future day be fixed for its operation,
so that the business men of the country can
concentrate their minds upon it, when all the
anxieties and cares which are now upon them
in the settlement of the past have been done
away with, they will look to the law as a bless-
ing rather than as they now do, as a curse.
It is known to every man who is engaged in
the business of life, mercantile or commercial,
that it is necessary at times for those who have
made bad trades, who j^ave been unfortunate
in business, who have accumulated stocks that
are unsalable, to have some accommodation ;
and instead of surrendering to the weight which
is upon them they go to those who they be-
lieve are able to sustain them, they approach
those who they think will be able to sustain
them, and they obtain loans on honor tempo-
rarily. Under the operations of this law, how-
ever, no one will be asked for.such a favor,
and none can grant it. If business had been
conducted in accordance with the law, if it had
been on your statute-book in such a way as
to give notice of its operations, nobody would
complain; but as it now stands it is to apply
to past transactions; and,.the .settlement of
difficulties incident to your war, the accumula-
tion of five or six years of the ups and downs
of trade, is to be concentrated in this year. All
that the business community ask is that the
custom which has been established from time
immemorial in the arrangement and settlement
of their business affairs, in rendering them able
to sustain themselves, shall be now permitted
to them. It seems to me to be a reasonable
request. I therefore advocate it as one in
sympathy, growing every day, with the law. I
believe it will tend to make it more permanent,
to make it more of a fixture, if you permit them
to educate themselves to it, and make it apply
in the future rather than in the present.
I have proposed to fix the 1st day of Janu-
ary as the day for the taking effect of the
law. I have named that day because it is well
known to all that on that day partnerships are
closed, new concerns are established, and old
ones arc dissolved, and accounts for the year
are then settled. It seems to me that a law
having such a great influence upon the busi-
ness interests of the country should, instead of
being thrust upon them in the midst of trials
and anxieties heretofore unknown to the busi-
ness men of the country, be held before them
in the distance, so that they should be able
to conform their future transactions to it. I
do not believe its immediate operation is in-
sisted on by those who are specially to be
favored by it, those who are now under disa-
bilities, whose debts render them unable to
assume the business of life. I do not believe
that they would go so for as to require its oper-
ation to prejudice those who are now doing
the business of the country, who are in good
credit and good standing, by insisting upon
themselves being allowed now to take the ben-
efit of the law at once, instead of granting a
short season to those already in business to
shape their affairs in conformity to the law.
I believe there is no class of people in this
world who have grown from youth to man-
hood, and from manhood to old ago, so quickly
as the business men of the country. 1 believe
the wrinkles representing age and care have
come upon no set of men in so short a period
as upon those who have beeu engaged in the
business operations of the country during the
past five years. They believe that they may
be relieved of an additional care and of an
additional anxiety by fixing a distant period
when this law shall go into effect, and danger
to a very great extent in that way may be
avoided.
With these remarks I leave the matter witk"
the Senate, and I trust they will unite with me
in giving to those who are now weighed down
with cares and anxieties a chance to conform
their operations to the new system provided by
this law by making it take effect on the 1st of
January next. ,
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I confess to
a great objection to any action by this Con-
gress in reference to the bankrupt act, and
most especially do I object to a bill being
brought in here and pressed through the Sen-
ate without a reference to any committee to
investigate what its character is and what its
effect is to be upon the bankrupt law. The
bankrupt act recently passed has probably gone
through a severer scrutiny than any statute that
has ever been put upon the statute-books of
this nation. It has been the result of the
accumulated labors of many minds for many
years ; it has gone through committees through
both Houses, and I say that it is utterly impos-
sible, at least I think it is so, that any Senator
shall be able to tell the full scope aad effect of
the bill which is now before the Senate. I am
afraid of it; I am afraid that it has a reach
and an operation which we do not understand,
and for this reason I move that the bill be
referred to the Copimittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was opposed, Mr. Presi-
dent, to the passage of the bankrupt law, and
voted against it; and when the subject of post-
poning its operation was incidentally men-
tioned to me, I was inclined to favor it; but
on further consideration, my judgment is that
if the bankrupt bill is to have the effect of law
it should go into operation without much delay.
Suppose that the amendmentwhich is proposed
should be adopted by Congress, what then will
be the effect ? Persons who are in debt at this
time, and who are disposed to be dishonest,
knowing that on the 1st day of next January
they can avail themselves of the benefits of the
bankrupt law, will prepare themselves, by dis-
posing of their property, by converting their
real estate into money, and making other ar-
rangements to be enabled to say at the time
they proceed under the bankrupt law, that they
have no assets for their creditors; and they
will not, as a general rule, have any available
assets for • their creditors at that time. Here
is a notice given to every dishonest debtor in
the United States to prepare to take the benefit
of the bankrupt law on the 1st day of Janu-
ary next, and every man knows that if a per-
son who is in debt is so disposed he can cover
up his property, or convert it from one kind to
another, so as to entirely defeat his creditors;
whereas if the law was to take effect at this
time he would have no such opportunity.
That is one objection which I have to the
amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom Rhode
Island. Another is that, in my judgment, it will
operate with great hardship upon debtors. Sup-
pose a man is now in debt, and it is understood
that he can take the benefit of the bankrupt law
on the 1st day of next January, and not before,
the consequence will be that every creditor will
in the mean time proceed with all possible dis-
patch to collect his debt; every creditor will
commence a suit, and if there be any reason
whatever, attachments will be issued, and there
will be a race among the creditors to convert
the property of the debtor into means for the
payment of his debts. It amounts to an invita-
tion to the creditors of the country to persecute
the debtors between this time and the 1st day
of January; and every man who has a claim,
apprehensive that on the 1st day of January the
debtor, who may be in failing circumstances,
will avail himself of the benefit of the law, will
procced to collect that claim, will bring a suit,
recover judgment, accumulate costs; and so
the debtors of the country will be, as it seems
to me, very greatly embarrassed, and this law,
which its friends say is intended as a benefit fo
the debtors of the country, will, in fact, prove
a verjtgreat burden and a very great injury to
them, and the debtors of the country will, before
"the 1st day of next January, be completely
crushed, stripped of all their property by pro-
ceedings that maybe commenced for the recov-
ery of their debts.
For these two reasons, and others which
might be suggested, it seems to me that it is
very unwise to postpone the operation of the
law until that time. I should be satisfied to
vote for the repeal of the law. I believe it is
an unjust law, and in some respects unconsti-
tutional ; but if there is to be a bankrupt law,
and so Congress has decided, it seems to me
the_ sooner it ean take effect the better for the
entire country.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill as it is proposed,
merely carries into effect precisely what all
the Senate, I suppose, thought was the bank-
rupt bill when it was passed. I suppose every-
body thought the act iwent into effect on the
1st of June. I did certainly. This bill merely
proposes that it shall go into effect on the 1st
of J une.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The 1st of January, I
uadei-.'and.
