1867.
THE ^ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is an'amendment
which my colleague has moved. I am speak-
ing of the bill as it was originally introduced,
and I hope my colleague will withdraw that
amendment, because I do not think it meets
the assent of the Senate. I think, myself, it
would be an improvement to postpone the oper-
ation of the law for_ six or eight months, so
as to give the country a chance to adapt itself
to it; but still I do not think that is the tem-
per of the Senate, and I do not see any use in
undertaking to persuade the Senate to pass
what they are not disposed to pass. The orig-
inal bill, as we all understood, provided that
the act should go into effect on the 1st of
June. I think that was the universal under-
standing when the bill vvas passed. I may be
permitted to state that the very eminent law-
yer who had charge of it in this body, and who
is not now a member of the Senate, fully con-
curs in this bill as not only eminently just and
proper in itself, but as carrying out what was
the intention of the law. I think the fiftieth
section of the law, as drawn, was an inadvert-
ance. I would not presume at this period of
the session to introduce a bill to alter the
effect of a law passed with so much care and
examination as the bankrupt law; but this bill
is_ really to carry into effect what was the
intention of the Senate in passing the law
originally. I think if my colleague will with-
draw his amendment the Senate will be likely
to assent to the passage of the bill as origin-
ally proposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. What was done by Con-
gress in passing the bankrupt act as far as
respects the objection now taken to its opera-
tion has, I think, been done by every State in
the Union in passing laws of a similar charac-
ter, and by the Congresses who passed the
antecedent bankrupt acts, and by the English
Parliament. This act was pending in the Le-
gislature for many weeks and months before it
became a law. The public, therefore, were
advised that in all probability a law of this
description would be passed, and upon the
hypothesis or upon the theory that there might
be in the intermediate time between the intro-
duction of the bill and its receiving the sanc-
tion of Congress, conveyances made to de-
feat the object of the bankrupt aet, the law
provides that all such conveyances after an
act of bankruptcy or insolvency was in fact
committed, executed, four months before the
party should seek to be declared a bankrupt,
should be considered as void. That is done
by the thirty-fifth section of the act.
Now, my friend from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] tells us—f have no doubt that was
his impression—that if he recollects correctly
what was stated by the member of the com-
mittee who had the bill in charge, it was sup-
posed by him that the law was to have no
operation at all until the 1st of June; in o#er
words, that the bill was not to be a law for any
purpose until the 1st of June, and then to be
a law for all purposes. If that had been the
case, or if we say now that that is to be the
case by so providing, how will that get clear
of the supposed injustice of which the honor-
able member complains ? The thirty-fifth sec-
tion will still remain; and if a party applies to
become a bankrupt, or is involuntarily driven
into bankruptcy under the authority of the act,,
all transfers made after he became in fact in-
solvent, though before the law was passed, if
they were committed within a period of four
months antecedent to the 1st of June, would
fall within the prohibition of that section and
be void.
I do not know what has been done in Rhode
Island, nor do I know what has been done in
any of the States, but I can very well imagine
that the moment it was suggested that a law
of this kind would pass creditors commenced
a race to secure themselves, and in anticipa-
tion of that event preferences were made.
Some are secured by those conveyances, and*
some will be without security: there will be no
equal distribution of the assets. The law goes
u on the theory, right I think morally as well
as otherwise, that in the case of an insolvency
in fact there should be in justice an equal dis-
tribution of all the assets. Now, the opera-
tion of what I understand from the honorable
members from Rhode Island of the manner of
doing business in that State is 'to do great
injustice to some creditors. A manufacturing
company there gets into difficulty, or a mer-
chant who has been largely engaged in trade
gets into a difficulty. He owes $1,000,000 say.
The public know nothing,of his trouble. My
friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague,] or
some one else who is able to relieve him, comes
forward and advances him say $300,000 to
enable him to go through the cfisis in which
he is placed. He does not go through; but
the mere fact that he is permitted to go on and,
is enabled to go on because of the aid furnished
him by some friend gives him a credit in the
community to which, if his actual condition were
known, he would not be entitled. But finally
he fails, and what then is the result? It will
be found, taking the hypothesis which I have
just stated, that my friend from Rhode Island
is secured his $300,000, and when the assets
of the bankrupt come to be disposed of there
is nothing left for the other creditors ; the men
who have trusted him elsewhere, who have sup-
posed that his real condition was that of pros-
perity, judging only from the outside, seeing
that lie was getting on, knowing nothing of his
operations, when the result becomes known
are left without a dollar. Now, if it be right,
as I think it is, that in the event of an actual
bankruptcy the assets should be distributed
equally, the bankrupt ought not to be allowed
to refuse to do it by providing for some pre-
ferred creditors, leaving all the rest to lose
everything which he may owe them. Then it
is right in the Legislature to whom jurisdiction
over the subject is given to guard against it by
saying that he maybe forced into bankruptcy;
or if he applies for a discharge under the bank-
rupt act it is to be granted to him in either case
only upon the condition that he has acted in
accordance with the equitable rule which de-
mands an equal distribution of his assets; and
in order to make that rule effective in the par-
ticular case it is necessary to provide that all
conveyances in conflict with that rule shall be
considered void, and the whole of the estate is
to go into the hands of the assignees of the
bankrupt for the benefit of his creditors.
I know that where it is understood at the
time these advances were made to him to en-
able him to go on it appears to be_ right that
the party who makes the advance, if the con-
tingency of declared insolvency actually occurs,
should be secured ; but if you allow that to be
done, the result is that while one man i3 saved
from loss the other creditors are ruined. The
man thus assisted goes on and contracts debts ;
he pays the debts that are pressing upon him
at the time, because he is able to pay them out
of the $300,000 which I suppose him to have
received from a friend ; he thereby gets credit
and contracts other debts, and those debts con-
tracted by him with others when the time eomes
that he is called on to pay them are all lost.
Mr. ANTHONY. You are supposing him
to be dishonest.
Mr. JOHNSON. No: l am not supposing
liim to be dishonest. He thinks he can go on;
the man who advances the money thinks he can
go on; but in nine times out of ten it is much
better for him to stop the first time that he is
advised that he is in a situation where he cannot
go on without help. There may be cases, of
course, of some sudden crisis, which may be at
an end in a month or two; but the general
result is that he who is largely involved m busi-
ness, and who seeks aid, is sure m the end, as
a general rule, to be insolvent, and then all his
intervening creditors lose their money, while
the preferred creditor is no loser. He may
have acted in good faith; bat he has enabled
the debtor to get a continuing credit by means
of his advances, and therefore others have been
induced to become his debtors. I here would
be no objection to that, provided when the
advance was made the party to whom it was
made executed a mortgage and put it on the
record; but that is not done in these.cases. I
hope my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. An-
thony] will permit me to illustrate it by refer-'
ring to himself. Suppose he received $400,000
from a friend to go on in the business in which
he might be engaged. , I could not tell that it
was not all his money. T could not tell that
he owed it to anybody. If at the time he bor-
rowed it he executed a mortgage, and the mort-
gage was recorded, then I and everybody else
would have the means of ascertaining'whether
he was worth $400,000 or whether it belonged
to. somebody else. That is not done, however;
and it is not done for the very reason that if it
was done it would defeat, in a great measure,
the object of obtaining the advance. He could
not get the credit.
I rose to say thus much, and then to add
.that I very much doubt whether if the proposed
amendatory bill be passed it will accomplish
the object aimed at. It provides that the act
is to go into effect on some subsequent day,
instead of the day of the passage of the act;
but the proviso at the close is—•
That nothing in this act contained shall he con-
strued or held to invalidate any lien or conveyance
acquired or made in- good .faith prior to the taking
effect of this act.
* I should be apprehensive, and I tell the
friends of the bill, that I think the courts would
hold that an assignment or convej^nce made
by a man who was known to be in a state of
bankruptcy was not made in good faith, and
would not be protected by the proviso. But
that is merely a criticism on thebill. To post-
pone the time of the operation of the act
until the 1st of January would, in my judg-
ment, be virtually a defeat of the law alto-
gether. The effect of that might be to raise
a clamor in the country without knowing what
the object of the bill was; whether it was a
wholesome ora deleterious one ; a clamor might
be raised which might induce Congress to repeal
the law altogether before it had by experiment
been proved to be either a good or a bs.d law.
If the friends of the proposed amendment will
substitute the 1st of June for the 1st of Jan-
uary, the obligation will in a great measure be
removed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 'I agree in a great meas-
ure to what the Senator from Maryland has
said in relation to preferences, and the justice
of dividing a man's property prorata among
his creditors; and I agree with him also that
there are times daring a crisis and a panic that
something more than the ordinary rule must be
enforced. Business men must sometimes go
outside of their ordinary practices in order to
sustain men who would otherwise be in good
credit and in strength, and be able to go
through. If it is not known to the honorable
Senator, it is known to all business men that
there are but few men now engaged in busi-
ness who have not at some time or other been
carried over a difficult point. It is so every
day in ordinary times; but in times like these,
in'the depreciation of property, and in the
settlement of business growing out of the con-
vulsions of the past five years, there is con-
stant occasion for such interposition to avoid
a crisis and a panic.
I desire simply to sustain the commercial
and mercantile fabric, and I think that by pro-
viding for this measure going into effect at a
later day we can bridge over a difficult point.
Business men say that if they must stand, and
are obliged to stand strictly by the provisions
of this law, many men who would otherwise
come through and would be able to pay all
their debts must go into bankruptcy and pay
but fifty or seventy-five per cent, of those
debts. The country is in no condition to wit-
ness a panic. The business men of the coun-
try ought not to be called upon to consider the
introduction of any new elements of disturb-
ance in the management of their business re-
lations and affairs. I agree with the Senator
from Maryland that in ordinary times he is
right; t/ffKnow, after having, as they have,
gone through all the disturbing elements inci-
