1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
nays on the motion, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 18, naya 20;
as follows:
■Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
JJoolittk, .Drake, Fessendcn, Frelinghuysen, How-
ard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of
Tennessee, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Williams,
and w llson—18.
i —Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Conness, Cor-
bett, Dixon, Edmunds. Harlan, Henderson, Morrill
ol Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Boss,
Sherman Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, and
YYiIley—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Conkling, Davis, Ferry,
Jfowier, Gnmes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury,
VVade, and Yates—15.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island, in line seven to strike oat the
words "June next" and to insert "January,
1868."
Mr. CONKLING-. I should like to have the
bill read as it stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, d:o., That the fiftieth section of an
act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, approved March 2,
1867, is amended so as to read as follows: " This act
shall take effectonthelstday of June next: Provided,
That the appointment of officers created thereby,
and tlie establishment of rules and general orders
under such act, may bo made at any time after tho
passage of this act: And provided further, That noth-
ing in this act contained shall be construed or hold
to invalidate any lien or,conveyance acquiied or
made in good faith prior to the taking effect of this
act."
Mr. STEWART. I hope that this amend-
ment of the law will not be made. * I hardly
think the Senator from Rhode Island himself
would want it in that shape. It will be liable
to great abuse if it isput in that form. Of course
the effect will be that any man who owes debts,
and may be compelled to go into bankruptcy,
will fix up some arrangement with his creditors
immediately.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that the question before the Senate is on the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Spragtte,] to strike out "June next"
and to insert "January, 1868."
Mr. STEWART. I thought it was on the
, other proposition.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, I move to amend
the bill by striking out the last proviso, in these
words:
And provided further, That nothingin this act con-
tained shall be construed or held to invalidate any
lien or conveyance acquired or made in good faith
prior to the taking effect of this act.
Mr. STEW ART. 'That is the provision on
which I was remarking. I think that a very
dangerous provision, and without careful con-
sideration it ought not to go into the bill, be-
cause it will open the door to smuggling of
property. If the bankrupt law is to take effect,
and if there be a fair distribution of the assets
under it, there ought not to be such a prefer-
ence of the first creditors as that proviso would
allow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed
until to-morrow, with a view of proceeding to
the consideration of the. adjournment question.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote on this bill.
We can take the vote immediately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no probability
of getting a vote. It has occupied all the day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall be allowed
to have a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion
if Senators are ready to vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Rhode Island will consent to strike out the
last proviso there will be no objection to the
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. The last proviso is all
there is in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The argumenthas been
all along that the original intention was to fix
tho 1st day of June as the time when this act
went into effect, but that owing to the peculiar
phraseology of the last section of the law, that
is not carried out. This bill is brought in to
do that, but here is an additional proviso by
which every man is advertised, " If you are in
failing circumstances and know that you have
got to fail before the 1st of June, we give spu
to the 1st of June to prefer certain creditors
and put your property in the hands of a few
individuals and cheat everybody else.". If
Senators wish to make the law as odious as it
possibly can be made they will put on this pro-
viso. That is the only effect of it, simply to
tell everybody in trade who owes debts, " Avail
yourself of this time; be in a hurry : prefer
all your creditors, and make assignments as
fast as possible."
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman from Maine, who seems to be well
acquainted with the subject, at what time the
bankrupt act does take effect by its terms?
Does it not take effect immediately on its
approval by the President?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. So that it is really in force
now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg tho Senator's par-
don ; the fiftieth section of the bill reads as
follows:
" That this act shall commence and take effect as to
the appointment of the officers created hereby, and
the promulgation of rules and general orders, from
and after the date of its approval: Provided, That
no petition or other proceeding under this aet shall
be tiled, received, or commenced before the 1st day
of June, A. D. 1867."
Mr. HOWARD. I think that quite sufficient
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thepointis justhere :
it was intended to make it take effect on the
1st day of_June, but the provision simply goes
as to the commencement of proceedings.
Then the general law comes in, that is to say,
that every act takes effect from the time of its
passage; so that as to what is done by different
creditors and different debtors between now
and then is covered by the act, because it is in
existence; whereas, if we put it off till June,
and say, "You can do anything you please
between now and June," the result will be
precisely what I stated.
Mr. HOWARD. The result will be that
thousands of assignments will be made to favor-
ite creditors and trustees iti real fraud of the
act itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand, and I
should like to be informed by members of the
Judiciary Committee, who are more familiar
with it, whether there is not a provision in the
law that any assignment made within four
months previous to the act of bankruptcy, any
conveyance to particular individuals, is invalid,
or something of that sort.
Mr. DRAKE. I have it here, and can read
it for the information of the honorable Senator
if he wishes it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No matter; I under-
stand it has that general provision.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is understood that
the act going into effect now covers the four
months before, so as to effect certain things
which have taken place, certain failures in the
State of Rhode Island, and this amendment is
made for a particular case or particular cases,
as I understand it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not for any partic-
ular case or cases so far as I am concerned.
It is intended to protect all transactions that
would be legal if this law had not been passed.
It does not make anything legal that was not
so before. It merely says thatthis law, which
goes into effect on the 1st of June, shall not
make invalid that which was legal before the
act was passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how
far that may take place. I have not examined
the bill sufficiently, and I supposed some mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee would explain,
and let us see what the effect is if it goes into
effect now. and what'the effect will be if it does
not go into effect until the 1st of June. For
instance, if we put off the taking effect of the
act until the 1st dav of June, is every convey-
ance whatever between now and then legal
and not affected by the act? If so, I am op-
posed to postponing it, and prefer that it should
stand as it is.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Rhode
Island tells us if this provision is stricken out
the bill is gone. That simplifies the matter,
and shows us that in his opinion the bankrupt
law is really in force now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I perceive that; l)ut I
want to know from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary precisely what the effect would be in
relation to the matter.
Mr. ANTHONY. The thirty-fifth section
of the act invalidates transactions that took
place before the act was approved.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How long?
Mr. ANTHONY. A month. The Senator
from Michigan, who has the act in his hand,
will read it.
Mr. DRAKE. That is not the effect of the
act on a careful examination.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I will read the thirty-fifth section of the
act:
" Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That if any person
being insolvent, or in contemplation of insolvency,
within four months before the filing of the petition
by or against him, with a view to give a preference
to any creditor or person having a claim against him,
or who is under any liability for him, procures any
part of his property to be attached, sequestered, or
seized on execution, or makes any payment, pledge,
assignment, transfer, or conveyance of any part of
his property, either directly or indirectly, absolutely
or conditionally, the person receiving such payment,
pledge, assignment, transfer, or conveyance, or to bo
benefited thereby, or by such attachment, having
reasonable cause to believe such person is insolvent,
and that such attachment,, payment, pledge, assign-
ment, or conveyance is made in fraud of the provis-
ions of this act, the same shall be void, and tho as-
signee may recover the property, or tho value of it,
from the person so receiving it, or so to be bene-
fited," &c.
Forbidding really any preference of one
creditor to another within the period of four
months before this act shall take effect, or, in
other words, before he files his petition or
before a petition is filed against him. The
provision contained in this bill, it seems to
me, very clearly is in perfect antagonism with
the thirty-fifth section of the act itself.
Mr. ANTHONY. There seems to be so
much misapprehension about this subject that
1 would rather the bill should go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will be a great
deal better, and they can tell us to-morrow
what the effect will be.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on th& Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to. *•
MESSAGE PROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House, by Mr. McPher-
son, its Clerk, announced that the House had
passed the following bill and joint resolutions,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 79) to authorize the ap-
pointment of certain watchmen, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 39) in refer-
ence to the payment of the salaries of mem-
bers of Congress;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 38) to cover
certain moneys in the control of the Navy
Department into the Treasury;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) providing
for the necessary surveys for a ship-canal
around the falls of the Ohio river for military,
naval, and commercial purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 42) authoriz-
ing the employment of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Seth Eastman on special service;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 44) relating
to the sale of the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) in regard
to the Rancho Panoche Grande claim in Cali-
fornia.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 39) concerning the uniform of persons in
the diplomatic service. *
