352
THE CO^GBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
JOINT fCOMMITTEE ON ORDNANCE.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the resolution of the House
of Representatives providing for the appoint-
ment of a joint committee of the two Houses
on ordnance, to report it back with an amend-
ment, and as it will take but a moment, I
should like to have it considered now*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can
only be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
taken up now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution
from the House of Representatives on the
subject of an adjournment of Congress, have
instructed me to report it back with an amend-
ment, which I send to the desk and ask to have
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the word '1 that'' in
the second line of the resolution and to inserts
The President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives bo authorized and directed
to close the present session by adjourning their
respective Houses on the 28th instant at twelve
o'clock 111.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
considered by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. Is there any objection? The Chair
hears none. The resolution is before tho Sen-
ate ; and the question is on the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theamendinentadjourns
Congress on Thursday next.
Mr. StJMNER. I ask to have the original
proposition from the House read, and then the
substitute.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to move an
amendment to ihe amendment? I think it
very desirable that we should get through with
the executive business at the same time as
the legislative business, and I will move to
insert "Friday" instead of "Thursday."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy.) The Senator from Massachusetts calls
for the reading of the original resolution from
tho House. If there be 110 objection it will
be read. %
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Jlemlvr.dbv the Houneof Representatives of the United
States, (the Senate concurring,) Tina tho Sonatc and
House of Representatives do' hereby each give con-
sent to the other that cach House of Congress shall
adjourn tho present session from tho hour of twelvo
o'clock meridian on Thursday next, the 28th day of
March instant, to reassemble again on tho first "Wed-
nesday of May, tho first Wednesday in iuno, the first
Wednesday ot September, and tho first Wednesday
of November of this year, unless the President of tho
Senate pro tempore and tho Speaker of the House of
Keprescntntives shall by joint proclamation, to be
issued by them ten days before either of the times
herein fixed for assembling, declare that there is no
occasion for tho meeting of Congress at such time.
Mr. HOWARD, i understood the object
of the reference to the Judiciary Committee of
the resolution of adjournment that came from
the House to have been to obtain their profes-
sional opinion upon the constitutionality of the
resolution of the House. Some Senators as
well as some Bepresentatives made an objec-
tion to that resolution, that it was not warranted
by the Constitution ; and when I voted to refer
the question to the Judiciary Committee it was
in the hope that they would favor the Senate
with their opinion on that very important ques-
tion. It seems, however, that tho committee
have not thought it worth their while to ex-
press any opinion upon that most important
point. For one, I am free to say that I have
no doubt about the power of the two Houses
to adjourn themselves in the way proposed by
the House of Representatives. I think there is
110 constitutional embarrassment in the way;
and from what I know now of public affairs,
and from what I foresee in the future, I am
fully persuaded that the resolution of the House
is a wise, one, and that we ought to adopt it. I
hojje, therefore, that the substitute coming
from the Committee on. the Judiciary will not
be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I concur fully with the Sena-
tor from Michigan as to the object of the ref-
erence of this resolution. I understood dis-
tinctly at the time that the object of referring
it was to have a report as to the constitutionality
of an adjournment in the mode proposed by
the House, resolution. I had 110 expectation
that they would fail to pass any opinion upon
that point, and substitute for that resolution
one entirely different.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the opinion of the
Committee on the Judiciary it was advisable
for Congress to adjourn without any provision
for assembling in May and June, September
and November, as is attempted to be provided
by the House of Representatives. That being
the opinion of the committee, of course it
was unnecessary to inquire into the constitu-
tionality of a different mode of adjournment.
There are doubts as to the constitutional power
of Congress to authorize the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses by proclamations in advance
to convene Congress ; but that was a question
which it was unnecessary to discuss, and un-
necessary for the committee to express any
opinion upon, inasmuch as the committee was
of opinion that it was proper and best for Con-
gress, when it adjourned, to adjourn without
day, the present session closing, and the Con-
stitution providing that Congress should assem-
ble on the first Monday of December.
Mr. WILLEY. For myself I am perfectly
satisfied with the conclusion to which the com-
mittee has come. Irrespective of the consti-
tutional question, I doubt very much the pro-
priety of passing such a resolution as came to
us from the House. What is the position
which Congress now occupies before the coun-
try? We have been engaged for nearly a
month ^past in supplementing our past legisla-
tion. That, perhaps, was all very proper and
right; but how do we stand, as 1 said, before
the country at this time? The fact is, that
the other House is not complete by the dele-
gations from five of the loyal States. The
other House is not to-day organized for busi-
ness. We have been legislating here for a
month without a complete representation in
the other House ; with five loyal States unrep-
resented in the other House ; with but two or
three committees in the other House ; with one
branch of the Legislature unorganized for the
transaction of the business ol' the country.
We pass bills here, and send them to the other
House, where there is no committee to which
they can be referred for revision and exami-
nation. They have to be taken peremptorily,
and I may say, summarily, from the table, and
passed in the other House without tho neces-
sary careful revision and examination of a
committee.
Then, sir, there is another thinv which I beg
leave to bring to tho notice of the Senate. I
differ entirely with those Senators who sup-
pose that the country desires Congress to re-
main here any longer. I think in that Sena-
tors are entirely mistaken. So far as my
knowledge extends, there is an eager desire
upon the part of the country that Congress
should adjourn. The finances of the country,
the commercial interests of the country, the
mercantile interests of the country, the manu-
facturing interests of the country, are becom-
ing sensitive. The business of the country is
in a kind of state of abeyance, timid, under
an apprehension of additional legislation on
the part of Congress affecting the questions of
the political economy of the country. Capital
is fearful of investing itself in any project, in
any improvement, in any business, in any
enterprise, lest, by the interposition of legisla-
tion, the anticipations, of men may be disap-
pointed in the business in which they may en-
gage. I know that it is the eager desire of the
business interests of the country, at least so far
as I have had any information from them, that
Congress shall adjourn at as early a day as possi-
ble, so that the country may have eight months
at least of repose, as was well said by the Sena-
tor from New York the other day, in which
they may have a free track and a free course
for the operations of their enterprises, without
any apprehensions upon their part that Con-
gress, by unexpected legislation, may interfere
with their arrangements.
I have but one further word to add, and that
is in reference to the character of the resolu-
tion which came to us from the House. It
seems to me it would be the worst possible
policy that Congress could possibly adopt to
pass such a resolution as that. It would keep
the country under constant apprehensions of
congressional interference. Capital would not
invest itself; enterprises would not be under-
taken ; the whole commercial business of the
country would be deranged and retarded by
the constant apprehension that in the interim
between this time and the time to which Con-
gress ordinarily adjourns, there might be a
special session called, and that Congress might
engage in some kind of legislation that would
materially interfere with the business arrange-'
ments of the country. Therefore it does seem
to me that, taking these things into considera-
tion, it is very material to the best interests and
welfare of the country that Congress should
adjourn speedily, and- adjourn to the latest
period possible, until the ordinary time for the
assembling of Congress at the commencement
of the next session.
Mr. NYE. I confess myself quite surprised
at the report of the Judiciary Committee. I
submit to them and to the Senate whether the
report they have made bn the proposition
referred to them from the House is treating a
coordinate branch of this Congress with proper
respect when they come in and say they have
not investigated that question at all, but have
concluded that this Congress bad better adjourn.
If such a proposition as this had come from
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate and
had gone to the other House, and had been
reported on there in this way, so unusual as it
seems to ine, I apprehend the Senator from
Illinois would have felt aggrieved at the con-
duct of the other House.
Now, Mr. President, upon the report that is
made by the Committee on the Judiciary that
it is best for Congress to adjourn I desire to
say a few words. We are told by the Senator
from West Virginia who has just taken his
seat, that Congress ought to adjourn for the
purpose of giving repose to the country, and
giving stability to the great commercial and
manufacturing interests of the country. I
confess myself not a little surprised to hear
from that careful Senator such a view of the
effect of the session of Congress upon the
people of this country. Sir, I yield to the
suggestion and acknowledge the fact that this
country needs repose. Where is the country
to look for that repose? We have been rocked
upon the billows of uncertainty and doubt by
no action of Congress. Congress has stood
here in the attitude of him who poured oil
upon the troubled waters, for the purpose of
giving that repose to the country which the
distinguished Senator from West Virginia so
much desires. I disagreee with him in toto
that the cause of this commercial and manu-
facturing discontent is attributable to the pres-
ence of Congress here. No, sir; so far from
that being the case, the fact is that the eyes of
this country with all its great interests i-.re
turned to Congress to-day as the only haven
of repose wherein they can ride out this
troubled condition of things.
Does the honorable Senator mean to say that
the presence of Congress here creates discon-
tent in the country? Why did it not occur
then to the honorable Senator and the majority
of this body when they passed the bill fixing
an unusual time for the meeting of Congress,
that that legislation would cause uneasiness
and discontent to those great interests of the
