354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
It was on the strength of those considerations
that 1 was willing to allow this session to be
held, so far as my vote was concerned, on the
4th of March. 1 did not go any further than
that. It seemed to ine that that was a sufficient
reason, and under the circumstances of the
case I was not disposed to put myself in the
way of it at all.
Well, sir, we have met. Will the honorable
Senator tell me what legislation is left unfin-
ished calling for our attention ? Is there any ?
Is there any bill that the Senator desires to
pass? Is there anything further that he wants
to do in order to diminish the power which the
President has hitherto exercised? No Sena-
tor will pretend that there is one single thing
left, that everything has not been done that
was c^sired to be done with reference to that
matter. We have settled the question of the
appointment of officers by the President in our
own way, to our own satisfaction. We have
even limited his military power, so far as it
was thought advisable to limit and where we
had the power to limit it under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, gone as far in that
direction as we desired. What more is there
to be done? What do Senators desire to ac-
complish? Nobody has suggested a single
measure of that description or any other that
it is desirable for us to act upon in the way of
legislation.
13ut Senators say, "We must be in session,
or l)e in a condition to meet, for we do not
know whether the President will carry out
these laws." Sir, can Ave make him carry them
out by remaining in session? Suppose he
chooses to do or not to do just precisely what
Senators desire either to accomplish or avoid ;
is there anything further we can do ? What
pressure can we bring to bear upon the Presi-
dent to compel him to carry out these laws in
any other way than he feels disposed to do ?
Sir, he must have time. With the best enjoy-
ment of all the opportunities that may be pre-
sented, making the most of the time between
now and next fall, there is not more than
enough to afford a tiiir chance for the experi-
ment, that we have instituted. 'Up to Septem-
ber the time must be taken up entirely in mak-
ing out the registration of voters. Is there
anything that Senators could do before that, or
that the President could do before that? Sup-
pose the President while we arc in session
chooses to change these officers he has ap-
pointed and appoint others; can we legislate
so as to prevent it? Have wo any power over
the subject in any possible way whatever? Can
we accomplish anything in that line by re-
maining in session ? Senators will not pretend
that we can in any way.
What, then, have we to watch? If T could
see anything to be accomplished even in the
direction that Senators argue, I should be per-
fectly willing to stay here; and I am not unwill-
ing now. 1 am not contending against any
change of the resolution. My own judgment
is one way ; but I am perfectly willing to accede
to the views of the majority of the Senate on
the subject, whatever they may be. I yield
when I find the majority is against me, and I
do not complain of others and accuse them of
being influenced by bad motives, because they
happen to differ from me in judgment, if the
majority differs with me, because I am apt to
think the majority is more likely to be right
than the minority as a general rule, and I yield.
Senators talk about the conduct of the Pres-
ident, in relation to certain matters. That I
do not choose to discuss ; but we are too old
and too sensible to yield to arguments that do
not apply to the question at all. I make no
issue about that and do not discuss it; but
granting all that Senators choose to say, has
it any application to this question of adjourn-
ment that the conduct of the President has not
been satisfactory to us and has been such as
we totally disapprove, unless you can point
out some way, some mode in which or by
which the President is still to accomplish evil?
If we have done all that we can do as legisla-
tors, and there is nothing left for us, what ob
ject is there in these adjournments from day
to day? Unless you can show me an object,
something that is to be done, somc.power that
we shall have to prevent evil, I ask why these
adjournments from month to month in the way
proposed? Are they dignified, or will they do
good or do evil?
My judgment is, and has been from the be-
ginning, that having accomplished all by way
of legislation that we can accomplish, it being
perfectly out of our power to act further on the
question of reconstruction, the matter having
gone out of our hands, the time between now
and the ordinary period of our assembling
being no more than is necessary in order to
try this experiment fairly and see what is to
be done, only evil comes from keeping the
country in a state of expectation of something
that is to occur by the meeting of Congress.
The business matters of this country are of
considerable consequence. I believe I feel that
they have been kept even by this session of
Congress in a state of continued and continu-
ous agitation and alarm. Why? Because both
Houses of Congress have been filled at previous
sessions with all sorts of financial schemes con-
stantly laid upon the table, started by A, B, C,
D, E, and F, without much consideration, I
think, in many cases, and getting votes some-
times for fun and sometimes for mischief, that
only increase the agitation and keep the busi-
ness interests of the country in a constant state
of alarm. 1 f I am rightly informed, there have
been several new financial schemes laid on the
table of the other House this morning. So long
as we are in session, and so long as we do not
look forward to anything permanent or con-
sider anything as settled, the result of fixing
times ahead for the meeting of Congress in case
somebody should think it advisable, and for
Congress not to come together if somebody
should think it not advisable, is to do harm, to
agitato the country without any possible good.
If gentlemen will point out to me any way in
which any injury can be done by the Executive
that can be avoided by our being in session and
by any legislation we can adopt I shall yield to
the force of their logic ; but unless they do so
I really must remain of my original opinion.
Mr. NYE. I did not intend to impugn any-
body's motives in regard to this matter, and I
do not think it is fairly inferable from any lan-
guage I used. Twice since this discussion
commenced the fact has been mentioned that
I was absent from the Senate during the greater
part of last session. I presume that fact caused
no regret on the part of either of the Senators
who mentioned it. It will be a relief to them
when they reflect that the Government has saved
so much by my not being here all the time.
T know how dangerous it is to fall under
the knife of jpy friend from Maine. He ac-
cuses me of indulging in fancy in regard to
this question. I have two or three inquiries
to put in all candor to that Senator and to the
Senate. Do I indulge in any fancy when I say
that the times are very extraordinary? If so,
I impeach the judgment of these two great
deliberative bodies, for whose judgment I have
the highest respect. Tf the times had not been
unusual this Congress would not have been
convened at this unusual period, and it will
hardly satisfy the country to declare, even with
the indorsement of the distinguished Senator
from Maine, that the only object was to organ-
ize the two Houses of Congress. The more
rational and more satisfactory reply is that
this Congress was convened at this unusual
time because themselves were unusual and
demanded a close watching by the law-making
power of this country.
The Senator from Maine seems to have great
misgivings for fear some new financial measure
will be introduced and discussed. In my judg-
ment Congress cannot better occupy itself
for two months than in investigating and put-
ting forth new measures of finance for this
country. What I suggest now will be history
ere this Congress convenes again. Sir, have
the people of this country got so afraid of
Congress that they shudder when there is any
measure brought forth here for consideration
in this body? If so, it would have been better
for the Senator from Maine, as welt as myself,
to have been absent, not only up to the close
of the late session, but for the whole session.
If it is true that the people have got so that
they distrust Congress to that extent that the
mere introduction of a measure for its consid-
eration is alarming to the business interests
of the country, we had better go home and
stay there, and we had better not have come.
Do the Senator from Maine and those in
favor of an immediate adjournment now mean
to say that the summit and sum-total of human
wisdom upon all these questions has been
exhausted? I take it not. If so, they will
find those coming after us foolish or wise
enough to introduce new measures and discuss
them. Sir, in behalf of Congress I assert that
it is doing great injustice to itself to make a
public acknowledgment that its session tends
to disturb the business interests of the country.
In my judgment it is not true, come from
what source it tnay.
The Senator from Maine inquired whether
Congress if it is iu session, and if the Execu-
tive does not do his duty, can do anything. I
answer that it can. 1 understand it to be a
constitutional duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to see that every law which Congress
passes is faithfully and energetically executed.
[ understand that if he fails to do that he is
guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor. If
Congress is in session or in such a position that
it can come together, if the fact is palpable that
he fails to execute these important laws that
are to build up our waste places and heal the
breaches, it can inquire the reason why, and it
is the only tribunal that can inquire. If it be
true that he persists in willful disobedience to
the mandates of Congress and the mandates of
the Constitution, here sits the tribunal to put
him out of the way. But we are told that the
very idea of that disturbs manufactures and
commerce. Sir, above the momentary success
of commerce and manufactures, towering clear
above them and their interests as momentarily
affected, stands the great question of rebuild-
ing and completing the rebuilding of this struc-
ture that has been so willfully torn down ; aud
the commercial and manufacturing interests of
this country had far better suffer from agitation
momentarily than that this great work should
be stopped. When it shall be completed they
will have a permanent prosperity founded upon
a united and a happy country, and until that
time arrives let mo tell the Senat'or from Maine
there never will be substantial commercial and
manufacturing prosperity in this country. To
enhance the chances of doing that immediately
I submit to the good sense of the Senate to say
whether Congress should not be in a position
where it can come to the rescue if it is needed.
Mr. YATES. I do not know that I have
anything special to add to what I said on this
subject the other day ; but some of the remarks
made by the honorable Senator from Maine
induce me to say a few words on this occasion.
I regard the question as a very important one,
indeed. It is certainly regarded as an impor-
tant question by the country. I presume there
is no question which could be submitted to our
constituents in which they feel a more deep
and vital interest than this question of adjourn-
ment at the present time. I agree with the
honorable Senator from Nevadathat the Judi-
ciary Committee have not, as I understand it,
discharged their duty in relation to the ques-
tion submitted to them by the Senate. The
resolution passed by the House was regularly
referred by the Senate to that committee, and
they have made their report; but, as I under-
stand the chairman, the committee have not
considered at all the proposition that was
referred to them by the Senate; in other words,
as the committee had determined that Con-
gress ought to adjourn on Thursday next, they
thought it was not necessary to consider the
House resolution which the Senate referred
to them. It is not for me to say what was
.the duty of that committee ; but the question
