358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
vene Congress on extraordinary occasions.
That power is vested in him by the Constitu-
tion. Congress has no authority to vest it in
anybody else, because if it has it takes it from
that power where the Constitution has left it,
in my judgment.
. Now, sir, a resolution came to this body from
the House of Representatives proposing that
Congress should convene on the first Wednes-
day ol each month, or nearly each month,
between now and December, unless the Pre-
siding Officers .of the two Houses thought proper
to postpone its meeting. I question the author-
ity to pass such a resolution. The committee
has been rebuked by the Senator from Nevada
and some others for not discharging its duty,
because it has not made a report on that ques-
tion. Why, sir, what was the duty of the com-
mittee to which the question of adjournment
was referred ? To report its views on that sub-
ject; and what were they? In favor of a reso-
lution to adjourn, not to the first Wednesday
in each month between now and December, but
to adjourn the two Houses of Congress, to bring
the session to a close in the ordinary modo on
Thursday next. It is the first time that I ever
heard a committee have not a right to report a
substitute ior a bill or resolution that was re-
ferred to them ; and yet my good friend from
Xevada is much aggrieved, and he thinks the
House of Representatives has a right to feel
aggrieved, because the commiUec have thought
proper to report, a substitute.
Mr. NY 13. If the Senator will pardon me
for interrupting him, 1 should not have said
that if he had not said in advance that they
did not consider it. He said, in reply to a ques-
tion asked by ray friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard.] that they did not consider the ques-
tion whether it was constitutional or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. TheScnatormisunder-
stands the word "consider." f do not know
whether 1 used the word; but if I did, I meant
that we did not go into an examination of the
constitutional power to pass the resolution;
but we considered the resolution very delib-
erately and came to the opinion that, consti-
tiiiionnl^or not, it ought not to be adopted.
We preferred a dillbrent resolution, believed
that the public interest and every other con-
sideration required it.
Mr. NYE. I simply referred to the declara-
tion of the honorable chairman himself.
Mr. IRUMBU LL. Well, sir, I say now
that it was unnecessary, and not the duty of
the eoinmiuee, in _thc views it entertained of
the propoi iesoluiion to report to this body,
to enter into any examination of the constitu-
tional power. But, sir, there are difficulties
connected with those adjournments. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has moved a substitute,
which is that Congress shall assemble on the
first Monday of June, I think—I am not cer-
tain about the day—and that, then the Pro-
viding Officers of the respective Houses shall
then adjourn them unless otherwise ordered,
i hat would l)e a session of Congress. It will
convene at that time. Now, how are we to
know whether it will bo otherwise ordered or
not? He and I live a thousand miles away.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will tell the Senator how I
think we shall know. We shall know by the
Journal that will be kept by the Clerk there at
that desk. If a quorum of the two Houses
meet here and dircct otherwise than is pro-
posed in the amendment, it will be entered on
that Journal, and there we shall have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator did not
quite _ understand what I meant. Perhaps,
technically, he may have understood correctly
what I said. What I mean to say is, how
would we know in advance whether there was
to be an actual session of Congress or not?
Hie record will show when Congress assem-
bles what is done ; but how are we to know a
thousand miles away whether it will be our
duty to be here or not?
Mr. HOWE. T explained, if the Senator
wnl indulge me, or tried to explain, when I
was on the floor before, that each individual
nemjtor arid Representative would acton his
own judgment, at the time, of the public neces-
sities, and come if he thought the public neces-
sities required it, and stay away if the public
necessities did not; and if it happened that a
majority of the two Houses convened here be-
lieved that the public necessities should require
the sessiop there would be a majority here, and
they would take measures either to procure the
attendance of other members or go on with the
session or not as they saw fit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A majority of one House
might assemble and not of the other. A ma-
jority of the House of Representatives, having
in charge this matter of impeachment which is
here alluded to, might come here with a view
of presenting^ articles of impeachment, and a
majority of this body might not be here. The
result of that would be that an adjournment
would take place.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, if the
Senator will allow me once more. The amend-
ment that I propose makes it imperative upon
the Presiding Officers of the two Houses then
to adjourn them unless there bo a majority of
of both Houses, not of one, but both Houses, to
otherwise direct and repeal this amendment.
Mi'. TRUMBULL. So I understand. That
was the precise case I intended to state. Sup-
pose a majority of the House of Represent-
atives come here for the very purpose of pre-
ferring articles of impcacliment. The Senate
is not coming here to impeach. We know
nothing about that. We are not going to
anticipate that articles will be proposed. We
do not investigate that question. We try it
when it is presented. What could the House
do? ]f all the members of the House assem-
ble here, according to the Senator's proposi-
tion, on the first Monday of June, and there
is not a majority of the Senate present, the
Presiding Officers would adjourn the House as
well as tile Senate. They cannot do anything.
Does the Senator want, to provide that, and
leave us all in uncertainty, and not know
whether there is to be a session or not? One
Senator may think it, advisable to come; and
the same differences of opinion that we liave I
here will prevail nil over the country. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]"will be
sure to be here, because he sees a cloud in the
distance that he is apprehensive uiav over-
shadow the land. The Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] probably will go home, and
not be present; and I should come or not, 1
suppose, as it seemed to me the public neces-
sity required that J should be hero. That
leaves it all in a state of uncertainty. Are
there no other incouveuieucies? Let me say
to my friend from Wisconsin that we have
passed a law which declares that—
/'The President shall have power to fill all vacan-
cies which may happen dm-insthc rece-s of the Sen-
ate by reason of death or resignation by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of their
next session thereafter."
That is the Constitution; but our law pro-
vides further:
"If no appointment by and with tho advieo and
coupont of the Senate shall bo made to sucli offices
fo vacant or temporarily filled as aforesaid durinjr
tho next session.' • fa
Now, this will be a session of Congress, and
it will have to be adjourned, and if no appoint-
ment is made then, what then? Tho office is
in abeyance, and any man .who undertakes to
execute its duties is guiltv of a high offense
What will be the result? "There is no Senate
here to act upon tho racancics that have
occurred during the recess of the Senate; the
time of the assembling of Congress is arrived
by your law; arid in contemplation of law
Congress is here and adjourned by the Presid-
ing Officers of the two Houses unless it is
otherwise ordered by those Houses; and what
becomes of all the officers in the land ? Where
arethe commissions of these men filled up
during the recess?
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me,
1 ought to apologize: that is a difficulty that
did not occur to me. The resolution amended
as I proposed would require the two Houses
to assemble at twelve o'clock on the first '
Monday in June, and to be adjourned at twelve
o'clock on the first Monday in June, unless
there were a majority of both Houses other-
wise to direct. If there is a majority, then
there is somebody to act upon these nomina-
tions. If there is not a majority here, then it
is true that just so many offices as were va--
catcd by death, happening at precisely twelve
o'clock on the first Monday in June, could
not be filled up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ' But how would it bea3
to those that happened after our adjournment
on Thursday next until twelve o'clock on the
first Monday in June? That is the question.
What will be the condition of every office which
has been vacated by resignation or death or
in any other way from the time we adjourn
until you meet on the first Monday in June?
They can be filled until that time. But does
the Senator from Wisconsin construe his prop-
osition to mean that at precisely twelve o'clock
on the first Monday in June Congress shall
assemble, and at precisely twelve o'clock it
shall be adjourned until the first Monday of
December by the Presiding Officers, unless
otherwise ordered ? Then it is an impossibility
otherwise to order, for it has to be done by
both Houses; and if the moment it meets it
must adjourn, then you must put it ail adjourn-
ment at once till December; for it would be
an impossibility to otherwise order if that is
the construction. I suppose the Senator from
Wisconsin meant that unless it was otherwise
ordered during that day; that is, during the
twenty-four hours.
Mr. COLE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois whether there is any Congress
if there is not a majority or a quorum present?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is in contempla-
tion of law a Congress. You cannot ascertain
that question. It cannot be otherwise ordered
unless it is otherwise ordered by a quorum.
N"o action can transpire ; and the Presiding
Officers are required to adjourn, what? The
Congress. That is what they adjourn according
to the terms of the proposition offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin. The two Houses
make the Congress. You will find, sir, that
we shall be beset by various difficulties.
Mr. IIOWE,_ ^ If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to ask, if I understand him correctly to
affirm, or as meaning to'affirm, that if less than
a quorum of the two Houses meet on the first
Monday in June under this amendment there
will be a session of the Congress ; that that
will be a session of the Senate or a session of
the House?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the contemplation
of the Constitution as to the expiration of the
terms of commissions my opinion is they would
expne with that adjournment. When that
adjournment was declared by the Presiding
Officers that the Congress was adjourned from
June urftil December, I should think that the
commissions granted until the end of the next
session of the Senate would have ceased to
exist, and all the offices would be vacant.
_ But, Mr. President, I did not intend too vnpy
time in regard to this matter. I rose chiefly to
reply to the suggestion that the committee had
transcended its duty in reporting a substitute
for the resolution which was committed to it
by the Senate. If tho Senate think proper to
adopt the suggestions that are made by other
members of the Senate, very well; but it has
seemed to me that tho better course would be
to adjourn as we ordinarily do. It will take
until December to put into operation the laws
which we have passed, acting in good faith,
and we must afford a reasonable opportunity
to do that. I will not assume in advance that
tne law is not to be executed.
As to the change of commanders suggBsted
by some Senators,, that is the constitutional
right of the President, and it is no cause for
impeachment or .anything else that he changes
his commanders. He vetoes our bills, some
one says. It is a constitutional prerogative
belonging to him, and it is no cause for im-
peachment .because he vetoes a bill. That is
his right.
