1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
Mr. YATES. It may prevent reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may prevent recon-
struction by the veto of a-bill; but it is a per-
fect right belonging to the Executive to veto
a bill it he thinks proper. It may be injudi-
cious ; in our opinion it is.
Mr. 1ATES. And we can pass them over
the veto.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. Yes, and we have done
. so, and having done so it becomes his duty to
«ecute the law, which I trust he will do.
j er ^le or no'', w® nlust> at any rate,
afford a reasonable opportunity to the Presi-
dent to see whether he executes it or not. He
may change commanders. That we cannot
help. It would^ be no cause of complaint
whether wc were in session or not.
Now, sir, in my judgment it is better that
Congress should adjourn. We shall assemble
again—I cave not whether it is the 1st of De-
cember or the 1st of October—as soon as a faij
opportunity^ shall have been afforded to put
these laws into execution. I apprehend that
the President, knowing the character of the
Congress with which he has to deal, will hardly
expect that Congress will be satisfied with a
non-execution of these laws, or with his throw-
ing any impediment in the way of their opera-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I woulfl not say another
word but for the difficulty which the Senator
from Illinois has started in reference to the
practical operation of the amendment I have
suggested. If I took the view of the law which
he seems to take I should certainly vote
against my own amendment; but I take a dif-
ferent view. When the Constitution provides
that a commission issued by the President in
the recess of the Senate shall endure until the
expiration of the next session of the Senate,
I understand it to mean that it shall endure
until a Senate shall have convened and ad-
journed, and not to mean that it shall endure
simply until a Senate shall have had an oppor-
tunity to convene, although it may not have
done so. I think that must be the meaning
of the 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor a question. I find that the Constitution
provides that—
"A majority of each [House] shall constitute a quo-
rum to do business; but a smaller number mav ad-
journ from day to day, and may be authorized to
compel the attendance of absent members."
Now, I should like to know, suppose less
than a quorum of the Senators should assemble
here the first Monday of June, could they not
adjourn from day to day? Could not they pro-
ceed and compel absent members to attend so
as to obtain a, quorum ; and so in the House ?
Mr. HOWE. No, I conceive not very clearly,
because here is a law on the statute-book which
requiresthePresiding Officers of the two Houses
to do a particular thing; that is, to adjourn the
two Houses at that day ; and less than a quorum
of the two Houses could no more control that
than they could repeal any other statute on the
book.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
Mr. HOWE and Mr. DRAKE called for the
yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler. Cole,
Cragin, Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Howe, Morton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Oattell, Conkling, Conness, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton,Trum-
bull, V-in Winkle, WiHey, and Williams—25.
ABSh.SfT—Messrs. Buckalew, Ferry, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Norton, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, llamsoy, and Kiddle—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tha- Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by inserting .at the end
thereof "to meet again on the first Wednes-
day of November." I am in favor of an ear-
lier meeting than the committee propose, but
not in favor of this "hop, skip, and jump,"
" now you see it, and now you don't" kind of
an adjournment. I believe the business of
the country requires us on all occasions to
adjourn to meet at an earlier period than the
first Monday of December. In the short ses-
sions we have but about two and a half months
for the discharge of all our legislative duties.
If we meet a month earlier we shall have more
time at the short session and at the long ses-
sion. I believe it would be much preferable to
have the month of November for'business in
preference ,to the months of June, July, or
August.
When the time for the meeting of Congress
was fixed on the first Monday of December, it
was when we had but thirteen States ; we now
have thirty-six. It was when we had but five
or six million people ; we now have between
thirty and forty millions. Ittherefore is no more
than reasonable to suppose that we require a
longer period than we have hitherto had in
order to accomplish all of our legitimate duties.
I hope that an earlier day of reassembling than
December will be fixed upon by the Senate,
not only for the next session, but'hereafterand
forever.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment, and they were or-
dered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 10,
nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cole, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Pomeroy, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wilson,
and Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, 1'es-
senden, Frelinghuysen, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Shorman, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Willey, and Williams—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Buckalew, "Kerry, Fowler,
Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, and
lliddle—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by adding to it:
Provided, That the President of the Senate pro
tempore and the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives may by joint proclamation, at anytime before
thefirstMonday ofDecember, con von e the twoliouses
of Congress for the transaction of business if in their
opinion the public interests require.
It will be observed that that is a different
proposition from the one which comes to us
from the House of Representatives. It pro-
ceeds on the idea that the two Houses of Con-
gress may in advance commit to their respect-
ive Presiding Officers the power of convening
Congress. On the subject of convening Con-
gress the Constitution expresses itself as fol-
lows :
"The President may, on extraordinary occasions,
convene both Houses,.or either of them; and in
caso of disagreeement between them with respect to
the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them to
such time as ho shall think proper."
Now, under these words it is very evident
that the President has power to convene Con-
gress in his discretion, and we know histori-
cally that he has exercised that power. The
question now occurs whether that is the only
way in which Congress may be convened. I
submit that Congress, in a certain sense, is
under the Constitution a self-regulating ma-
chine, and that it may in advance determine
how it will come together, where, and when.
According to the proposition I have offered
Congress may be brought together at any time
between now and next December on a joint
proclamation of the two Presiding Officers. It
seems to me that this proposition is very simple;
it is easv to be carried out; it is not as com-
plicated "in its form as that which has come
from the other House; it has in it nothing of the
skip and jump character which my friend from
Vermont did not like in the House proposi-
tion. It is direct. It assumes that there may
be a recess of the two Houses until next De-
cember, unless the two Presiding Officers, in
whom we have such confidence, shall by joint
proclamation call us together.
Now, I am unwilling to doubt that Congress
may authorize their officers to do that. 1 can-
notdoubtit. Assumingthatwehavethe power,
is not^ this an occasion to exercise it? I do
not wish to be carried into the general debate.
I had intended to say something about it; but
it is late. -I had intended to say something in
reply to the Senator from Maine, for there
was hardly a sentence in what he said from
beginning to end that did not"seem to me to
justify comment. I differ from him entirely,
radically let mo say, in his views on the ques-
tion of adjournment. But I will not take any
time now to go over the ground which has
already been traversed by other Senators. My
colleague [Mr. Wilson] suggests plowed and
harrowed. I may add also, gleaned. I will
not, therefore, go into the general question
except to make one remark: I do think Con-
gress ought to do something; we ought not to
adjourn as on ordinary occasions, for this is
not an ordinary occasion, and there is the pre-
cise beginning of the difference between my-
self and the Senator from Maine, and also
between myself and the Senator from Illinois.
The Senator from Illinois said why not, as
on ordinary occasions, now go home? Ay,
sir, that is the very question: is this an ordi-
nary occasion? To my mind it clearly is not.
It is an extraordinary occasion, big with the
fate of this Republic. The Senator from Maine
reminds me that I am going to glean a second
time. I have said very little, not quarter as
much as my friend from Maine. I know I
have not said it as well as he has said what he
had to say. However, I wish to drive home,
if I may say so, the single point that at this
moment we are bound to do something; we
cannot adjourn as if this were an ordinary
occasion. 1 might develop that; I might pre-
sent to you my views of the extraordinary cir-
cumstances of this time, and our duties grow-
ing out of the character of the Chief Magistrate.
I did that in a very general way the other even-
ing, when the subject was under discussion
before. 1 am not going into it now. I hope,
however, that the Senate will be disposed to
adopt the proposition which I have offered. I
submit that it is a proposition of reconcilia-
tion, if I may so express myself, between con-
flicting opinions; a compromise, if you please.
It does not require Congress to come together;
but it leaves in the hands of trusty agents of
Congress the power of bringing us together if
the public interest require.
Mr. MORTON. The proposition submitted
by the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
to invest the President of this body and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives with
the power to call an extra session of Congress.
That power is clearly vested by the Constitu-
tion in the President of the United States, nor
can we, in my opinion, make the question of
the length of an adjournment or the length
of a recess to depend upon the action of the
President of the Senate, the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, or any other person.
An adjournment is a legislative act, as much
so as the passage of a bankrupt bill, and we
can no more put the solution of that question
into the hands of the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives than we could appoint a committee to
draft a bankrupt bill, and provide that their
act should be a law. An adjournment must
depend* upon the action of the two Houses
themselves. I am equally clear, however,
that an adjournment over to the first Monday
in December is too long. I am quite clear in
the conviction that Congress ought to meet
sooner than the first Monday in December. I
think we ought to adjourn to meet at an earlier
period in the fall.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is en the amendment offered by the Sen-
