1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bj81
Committee of Ways and Means, when appointed, b©
instructed'to report a bili providing'for suck equal-
ization of taxation.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object to the resolu-
tion unless it is for reference.
Mr.^HOLMAN. It is not designed for ref-
erence. I will not move to suspend the rules,
for I have promised the gentleman from' Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who is interested
in a subject pending at the adjournment yes-
terday, that I would not now take up the time
of the House by moving to suspend the rules
for the purpose of having this resolution now
considered.
charles grafton page.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize*€harles Grafton Page
to apply for and receive a patent for his elec-
trical apparatus and circuit breakers, known
as the "Induction Coil-/'which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be referred to
the Committee on Patents when appointed.
Mr. MYERS. I move that this bill be printed;
and I also ask leave to have printed with this
bill a report directed to be made by the Com-
mittee on Patents to the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, but which, the committee not having
been called after the report was prepared, was
not presented to that Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
testimony affecting a senator.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask leave to submit a
resolution, which in substance is the same I
offered on yesterday. I have shown it to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hulburd,]
and he consents to its being adopted by the
House. The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and is
hereby, instructed to make and certify a copy of the
testimony of David A. Hull taken before the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures-in its investigation
of the New York custom-house fraud, and deliver
the same so certified to Senator Patterson, of Ten-
nessee ; and said committee is hereby authorized to
allow the Clerk the opportunity to make said copy
of said testimony.
No objection was made ; and the resolution
was agreed to.
correspondence 01? william f. switzler.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
liesolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
furnish this House with copies of any and all corre-
spondence in hispossession between Captain William
F. Switzler, late provost marshal of the ninth district
of Missouri, and the Provost Marshal's Bureau, in
relation to the loyalty and disloyalty of the people
of said ninth district or any portion thereof.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue law.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to repeal a part of section ten
of an act entitled "An act to amend the exist-
ing laws relating to internal revenue, and for
other purposes;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
compensation of members of congress.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at this time
a joint -resolution to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress," approved August 16,1856.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be read.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that the compensation allowed to
members of Congress by an act entitled "An
act to regulate the compensation of members of
Congress," approved August 16, 1856, and the
several acts and joint resolutions amendatory
thereof, stall be paid in the manner following,
namely, on the first day of the first session of
each Congress, or as soon thereafter as he may
be in attendance and apply, each Senator,
Representative, and Delegate, shall receive
his mileage as now provided bj^ law, and all
his compensation from the beginning of his
tprm to be computed at the rate of $5,000 per
year; and thereafter during the said session,
and duying the ensuing adjournment, compen-
sation at the same rate shall be paid monthly
upon the order of the Senator, Member, or
Delegate entitled thereto ; and on the firstday
of the second or any subsequent session he
shall receive his mileage as now provided by
law, and during the said session and the sub-
sequent adjournment compensation at the same
rate; provided that nothing herein contained
shall be construed to repeal the existing pro-
vision of law, that no mileage'shall be paid for
attendance at the first session of any Congress
to members of the immediately preceding Con-
gress,
Mr. HOLMAN. This seems to be quite a
complicated measure, and I think we should
understand it better than now before acting
upon it.
Mr. DONNELLY. It changes the present
law in only one particular; enabling members
to draw their compensation after the first
organization of Congress monthly, and at their
homes, in the same way that they do here while
in attendance upon an actual session. As the
law now stands, should Congress adjourn to-
day until December next, we cannot draw dur-
ing the recess any part of our compensation,
but it will accumulate and be paid to us in
December next upon our return here. That
law, as it now stands, arises from the fact that
heretofore the first organization of Congress
has taken place in the December following the
beginning of the term. But the organization
of Congress now talcesplaee on the first day of
the actual term.
There is no reason whjr members should be
subjected to the inconvenience of waiting until
the end of the recess to receive their compen-
sation actually earned and due to them. I have
conferred on this subject with the Sergeant-at-
Arms and with a number of members. I trust
that with this explanation there will be no ob-
jection to acting upon the joint resolution at
this time.
Mr. UPSON. I do not object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution for reference; but I must
object to its consideration at the present time.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move then that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS. If I understand the resolu-
tion, it provides that there shall be a mileage
for cach additional session.
Mr. DONNELLY. Not at all; the resolu-
tion does not propose to change the compensa-
tion in any respect either as to annual salary
or mileage.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose that under the
resolution passed yesterday we are to have a.
session beginning in May, another in June,
another in September, another in November ;
making altogether six or seven sessions or more
for the Congress, for which I understand there
will be six or seven mileages.
Mr. DONNELLY. Not at all; I do not so
understand it.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand it so.
Mr. DONNELLY. The resolution would
have no such effect.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker, who is re-
quired to certify to the mileage accounts,, will
state that he does not propose to certify more
than two mileages for each member during
the entire Congress, unless the law should be
changed.
Mr. BROOKS. The resolution of yesterday
proposes to change the law. _
Mr. DONNELLY. This resolution does
not propose any change with regard to com-
pensation.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
lieutenant colonel david thompson.
Mr. MUNGEN asked unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution for the relief of
Lieutenant Colonel David Thompson.
The joint resolution, which was read for
information, jHopoSes to direct the Secreta^
of the Interior to cause the date of the peri1
sion certificate of Lieutenant Colonel David
Thompson, late of the eighty-second regiment
Ohio veteran volunteer infantry, to be changed
from the 15th day of January, 1867, to the 16th
day of May, 1805, the-day upon which Colonel
Thompson was wounded, and that he be paid
accordingly.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I object to the intro-
duction of this resolution unless it be referred
to the appropriate committee.
Mr. MUNGEN. I consent to that. I ask
that the resolution bo referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions when appointed.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was introduced, read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions when appointed.
retiring of treasury notes.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I .ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution relative to
the retiring of Treasury notesl
The joint resolution, which was read for in-
formation, provides that the Treasury notes
authorized to be issued under the act of Con-
gress of June 20,1864, including the $50,000,000
authorized to be issued for a temporary loan,
not more than $4,000,000 shall be retired in
any one month.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. GRISWOLD. If I were permitted to
make a brief explanation 
Mr. BROOMALL. If the resolution is to
be introduced for reference I have no objec-
tion. I object to legislation on this subject at
the present time.
ship-canal around falls of the ohio.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at the pres-
ent time a joint resolution providing for th«
necessary surveys for a ship-canal around the
falls of the Ohio river for military, naval, and
commercial purposes. This resolution con-
tains no appropriation whatever. It merely
supplies an omission made by the committee
in reporting the river and harbor improvement
bill.
The joint resolution, which was read for
information, proposes to authorize and direct
the Secretary of War to cause surveys, with
plans and estimates of cost, to be made by an
officer of engineers for a ship-canal around the
falls of the Ohio river, on the Indiana side
thereof, of suitable location and dimensions
for military, naval, and commercial purposes ;
and also to cause such officer to estimate the
expense of completing the Louisville and Port-
land canal, on the Kentucky side of said falls,
according to the plan on which the said canal
company is now progressing with said work ;
and that the expense of both be defrayed from
the sums appropriated in the acts of Juno 23,
1866, and March 2, 1867, for examination and
surveys relating the improvement of harbors
and rivers on the northwestern lakes.
Mr. SCOPIELD. - I do not rise to make
objection, but I suppose it will be considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, as it makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. If unanimous consent be
granted it will be considered in the House.
Mr. ROSS. Does the bill make an appro-
priation ?
The SPEAKER. It does. It is to bo taken
out of money already appropriated in the river
and harbor bill.
The bill was introduced, read a first and
second time, ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EGGLESTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
brevet brigadier general beth eastman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a joint resolution, agreed to unani-
