362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
mously by the Committee on Military Affairs
of the last Congress, but which was objected to
when we endeavored to get it in by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer,] who
sineo then has become satisfied it ought to pass.
If there bo no objection, I will make a brief
explanation.
There was no objection.
The_ Clerk then read a joint resolution au-
thorizing the employment of Brevet Brigadier
General Seth Eastman in the decoration of
the Capitol.
It provides if the President shall deem it
proper to assign Brevet Brigadier General Seth
Eastman, of the United States Army, now on
the retired list, to duty, so as to entitle him to
the full pay, emoluments, and allowances of
his lineal rank, that it shall be competent to
have such duty consist in the employment of
the said officer in the execution, under the
supervision of the architect of the Capitol, of
pair tings from his own designs for the decora-
tion of the roonfs of the Committees on Indian
Affairs and on Military Affairs of the Senate
and House of Representatives and other parts
of the Capitol; and no additional compensa-
tion for such service is lo be paid to said East-
man beyond his pay, allowances, and emolu-
ments as an officer as aforesaid.
Mr. CULLOM. I believe I was one of the
persons who objected to that resolution when
it was up before. I have since learned it ia
important it should pass, and I withdraw any
objection on my part.
Mr. SCJTENCK. We have been paying
for decorations, some displaying good taste
and others of tawdry character, a great deal
of money Jo Italian artists and others, while
we have American talent much more com-
petent for the work. Among others possess-
ing native talent is General Eastman, who is
now lieutenant colonel in the regular Army and
a brevet brigadier general. Ho is more of an
artist in all that relates to the Indians, ex-
cept possibly Callin and Stanley, than any we
have had in this country. He is disabled from
doing full duty now and is 011 the retired list,
suffering from rheumatism occasioned by ex-
posure in the field 011 active duty. The Gen-
eral of the Army is perfectly willing lo have
Congress, if they think proper, provide for de-
tailing General Eastman for this duty of exe-
cuting for the Capitol some of his magnificent
paintings. It is not military duty, and it is
thought better the General should be author-
ized to assign hiiri to this duty.
If assigned to this duty General Eastman
will draw his full pay as lieutenant colonel,
instead of as 011 the retired list, making a dif-
ference of about $1,200 or $1,500 a year. For
at! the most Sl,f>00 a year wo will secure ser-
vice for which we have been paying tens of
thousands of dollars to foreign artists, and we
will get bettor work done. I think under the
circumstances a gallant American officer who
has taste and artistic ability should be per-
mitted to be assigned to this duty. I invite
members to look at a book I have hero of
engravings from his paintings, which display
everything that is elegant and tasteful in art.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldiers op vtaii or 1812.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will make a statement to the House.
Yesterday the House referred a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan, in reference to
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812, to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions when ap-
pointed. The Chair had a conference with the
chairman of that committee in the'fhirty-Xinth
Congress, and .who will probably be the chair-
man of tli2 committee in the Fortieth Congress,
and lie stated that committee was overworked,
and suggested that the subject should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, which has very little to do. If there be
no objection that reference will be made.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
payment of bounties.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is alleged that several years will be
required to pay soldiers tho bounties already pro-
vided by law at the present rate of payment, and
also that the present number of paymasters assigned
for that purpose could make payments much faster
than they now are made, but are delayed because
information cannot be furnished from the office of the
Second Auditor as fa&t as required, owing to a want
of sufficient clerical force in said office: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures bo instructed to inquire whether any
legislation is necessary to secure the prompt payment
of bounties due to soldiers under the law.
survey of illinois river.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for present
consideration:
llc«olved, That the Secretary  f War be directed to
send tho report of Brevet Major General J, H. Wilson,
upon the survey and examination of the Illinois
river, if not presented to tho House prior to its ad-
journment, to tho Congressional Printer, and that
the same be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks.a similar
resolution has already passed.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to explain it for one
moment. The House has adopted a resolution
directing the Secretary of War to furnish that
report. I am advised at the Department that
it cannot probably be furnished to the House
before the close of this session, and this res-
olution is simply a direction to have it printed
if it is not furnished before the present session
is ended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman wishes to
have it printed during the recess?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing additional resolution:
Resolved. Thnt there ho printed of tho report of
Brevet Major General J. If. Wilson, of the survey and
examination of tho Illinois river, when presented,
two thousand extra copies for tho u:jc.of tho House,
and flvo hundred for the use of the-Bureau of En-
gineers.
The SPEAKER. That resolution goes to
the Committee on Printing under the law.
mail contractors on the pacific.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to submit for
present action a joint resolution authorizing
the Postmaster General to secure to mail con-
tractors in tho Pacific States and Territories
the payment of their contract pay at San Fran-
cisco, California.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
reported, after which the Chair will ask for
objections, if any.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the Postmaster General shall designate a
special agent for the Pacific States and Terri-
tories to audit and adjust the accounts of mail
contractors_in said States and Territories, un-
der such regulations as may be prescribed by
the Postmaster General, so as to secure pay-
ment in San Francisco.
Mr. 1IOLMAN and Mr. ALLISON ob-
jected.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to make a word
of explanation. The present mail contractors
have to obtain their money upon certificates
of the postmasters by whose offices their routes
pass. It frequently occurs that their certifi-
cates are erroneous and have to be sent back,
so that the contractors have to lie out of their
money sometimes for fifteen months. This
simply authorizes the payment of the claims
under the direction of the Postmaster General.
Mr. ALLISON". T call attention to the fact
that these accounts have to be audited by the
Treasury Department. I have 110 objection to
referring this to the Committee on the Post
Oflice and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY. I will consent to that.
The joint resolution was accordingly ordered
to be referred to the Committee 011 the Post
Office and Post Roads when appointed.
long island, boston iiaius0r_
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
call for the regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the regular order, which was the un-
finished business at the adjournment last even-
ing, being Senate bill No. 03, to authorize the
entry ana occupation of a portion of Long
Island, in Boston harbor, for military pur-
poses.
The bill was reported. It authorizes the
Secretary of War to take possession of that
portion of Long Island, in Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, belonging to James T. Austin,
for the purpose of erecting a fort and such
other structures as may be needed for miltary
purposes, and to pay for the same $5,000 as
agreed upon ; provided that this sum shall
not be paid until the Attorney General of the
United States is satisfied that the title has
been fully transferred to the United States free
from all incumbrances, and that the person
receiving the money is competent to act in the
premises.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The sole
object of this bill is to facilitate the transfer
of this property to the United States, where a
fortification is now being built. It is to meet
the difficulty of the fact that the fee is in a
gentleman who is not competent to give a deed
to the satisfaction of the district attorney. This
is to carry out an amicable arrangement made
upon the recommendation of tho district attor-
ney for tho purchase of this land.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire how it happens
that we commence to build a fort upon 9, piece
of land that we do not own, and then ask the
Government to purchase it? My objection is
not specific as to this particular measure, and
it is general against making this kind of invest-
ments. I have no doubt this tract of land
would be a good investment. But my constit-
uents are investing what spare means they have
further West, and do not care particularly
about purchasing land in Boston. There has
been no attack made upon Boston for a great
number of years, and I do not think there is
any danger of an attack for many years in the
future. I do not think vre should bny any
more Boston land or construct any more forts
there.
Mr. ALLISON. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
The question was taken; and (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
Tlie bill was accordingly considered in the
House, read a first, second, and third time,
and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which tho bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to make a
personal explanation, which will occupy the
attention of the House but a few moments.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask how much time
the gentleman wants ?
Mr. BUTLER. Fifteen minutes will do.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I have caused
to be laid upon the table of each member a
copy, as reported in the official journal of tho
House, of the speech of the g'~*ileman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] the other day in reply to
me. I desire to call the attention of the House
to the fact 'thaf, that speech as published con-
tains double the amount of matter which the
official reporters furnished; and also that
almost one half of the words contained in the
original official report are erased. Now, I
understand the rule to be, that in any debate
personal to a member, no such change can be
